Donald Trump has alienated most of his
famous friends but there is one
celebrity standing by him Kanye West who
famously visited Trump Tower back after
the election
eight that Kanye West is saying he loves
Trump the rapper gave a shout out even
to a Republican activist Candace Owens
who responded on Fox today
I've spoken about Kanye West so much
it's early on in my career here I've
said that he is the only person that is
in hip-hop er that has a public stage
that is willing to think independently
and conservatives like Bill O'Reilly and
Alex Jones now shouting out Kanye West
and denouncing his critics today West
has said he would have voted for Trump
and Noda whose futuristic methods and a
style that was politically beat a
politically correct way of communication
the rapper though adds he does support
women's right to gay marriage in black
lives matter now look this is important
it would be easy to dismiss all of this
as celebrity musings and say who cares
what they think about politics you know
it was easy for a lot of people to
dismiss Trump as a crass celebrity now
he's leader of the free world the fact
is culture has always driven politics
and in his own way Kanye is citing one
of trumps electoral strengths building a
political following around style and
rebellion not policy it's hard to run
against that kind of project with policy
alone especially if Trump's critics
prefer to shout down the conversation
rather than actually have it for this
story tonight we turn to a co-host of
the nationally syndicated radio show The
Breakfast Club
Charlemagne the God author of black
privilege opportunity comes to those who
created his show features leaders in
music and culture and has become a stop
on the presidential campaign we know you
vetted your team that it's Charlemagne a
lot because he has given you donkey of
the day well look I'm a Democrat so
being donkey of the day is a little bit
of a mixed blessing Charlemagne joins me
now thanks for being here what's
happening
I'm blessed black and highly favored I
wanted a few guests who have wanted to
get you a jay-z reference system you
know them you know the people and you
know Kanye what's happening here I
really don't know I mean I think that's
I think that we all need to wait and
hear Kanye actually explain maybe
what he feels in detail before we all
start writing our thing pieces and
jumping to conclusions about what we
think is happening cuz I don't even know
if what we think is happening is really
happening honestly I think what you said
and your setup is is really interesting
the fact that he he sees somebody that
is considered an outsider somebody
that's politically incorrect somebody
that's a rebel I think it might be more
of a style thing like he sees himself
stylistically and Donald Trump's
approach I don't think that he
necessarily likes Donald Trump's
policies as clearly he says he's all for
black lives matter and gay rights I mean
his father is transgender or transexual
I don't want to say the politically
incorrect terribly I think it's probably
more of a more of a style thing than
anything else
when's the last time you talked to Kanye
I was actually with Kanye last week a
little last week the TMZ cameras caught
us coming out of his office in Calabasas
I was actually one last week does he see
politics as performance and if so does
that make him similar to the president's
view Kanye is not he's not political I
mean let me sound crazy but in his mind
he's not being political at all Chicago
has over 600 caskets and I got the facts
to back this I mean his his rhymes are
political yeah absolutely I think I
think that's what you call socially
conscious I think that's called being
aware but that don't mean that you
actually know which with what's going on
politically he may not even know that
daddy he just know that if a lot of
murders going on in Chicago but he
probably doesn't know that exact data a
lot of your work connects with the
political moment we're in because we
have a president who is more interested
in content than policies absolute we've
got a celebrity in chief that's well we
don't need to have more celebrities than
Chiefs like you know I think that
America's too obsessed with celebrity I
right in fact that I think our obsession
with celebrity is what got Donald Trump
in the White House I think we need
qualified people we need people who know
politics like it's not about style you
know I mean it's about actual substance
I want somebody that has morals and
I use in integrity and actually wants to
see America be great not just white
people in America not just black people
in America not just you know one one
section of America I want him to really
care about all of America in a lot of
ways you know I love I love President
Obama now the first time I ever voted
for a president sometimes I do wish that
you never voted before about never voted
for Obama not locally not nationally
nothing I don't think that African
American is black people don't think we
did enough of the work when President
Obama was in the White House I think
that we were happy with just that symbol
of like oh it's a black you know black
president and we good now do you think
that expectations are one of the biggest
things that haunt people who have to
perform whether that's in politics or in
music honey that's why whenever
Beyonce drops is such a great thing
because she takes away expectations by
just giving you those albums in the
middle of the night you don't even know
that it's coming you know you don't get
a chance to hate on it we live in this
era right now where people are really
writing reviews for things before the
music even comes out or the music might
come out and I our lady they got a whole
review of all this is classic or this is
trash you have to take away people's
expectations I go to therapy a lot now
and my therapist always said that my
therapist says you have to stop having
expectations for other people because I
get so laid down and in other people
sometime or other people's opinions and
I'm like why do I have expectations
about other people's opinions I
shouldn't I just need to let it go and
just let people think I didn't want to
think and speak how they want to speak
and we can agree to disagree I shouldn't
have an expectation of about somebody
else's opinions or thoughts
is there an insight you've gotten about
yourself or about the world out of
therapy
oh absolutely I mean uh the biggest
insight is that it's okay to not know
you know it's okay to constantly be
striving to figure things out you know
I'm gonna go to guy for a lot of people
but you know who did the go-to guy or
go-to
woman go to when they need to speak to
somebody I even was concerned about my
therapist yesterday cuz I'm laying in
the bed last night I'm like damn you
know I wonder who my therapist talks to
after she talks to me because I'm a lot
I'm alive so I wonder who she talks to
so I just think it's just it's okay it's
okay to question things including
yourself like so it's okay it's okay to
try to be strong and also know that
there's weakness in you or there's needs
in you yeah I think that's part of being
strong
I think you know one of the especially
in the hood one of the worst things that
we ever made people feel like that you
always got to be tough you always got to
be hard like think about how many
brothers in the hood may be dealing with
anxiety but they just think that's that
paranoia is natural because they in the
street I'm one of those people you know
I just have always been a naturally
paranoid person naturally anxious person
with having anxiety attacks and didn't
even know and so I got older and I'm no
longer living that lifestyle and I got
I'm making a great living but I still
have those feelings that's what made me
go to therapy in the first place so is
that is that part of a crisis of
American cultures expectations for black
masculinity because there's a narrative
around being strong about being a super
predator about being dangerous hmm and
then there's no space to actually be
anything else that you're being
compressed both that I mean think about
it I got if I'm in the street if I grew
up in the hood I got to deal with that
element but then also got to deal with
the element of just America looking at
me as like you said a super predator a
thug so I got to look out for criminals
and other thugs or other people that may
want to do me harm and I gotta worry
about police officers like you know I'm
a taxpaying citizen who makes a great
living a media personality but when I
get behind the wheel of my car and I'm
driving through Jersey I'm still nervous
police officers get behind me even if
you don't throw his lights on I feel
like I want to pull over and let him
pass me
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
