however there's plenty of reporting to
show that throughout the investigation
Trump and his legal team have weighed
the benefit of pardoning key figures who
could be in legal jeopardy last summer
according to Washington Post the
president asked advisors about whether
he can pardon aides family members even
himself in connection with this probe
well recently the president has also
appeared to dangle that's the key word
now the possibility of a pardon for
Cohen an unexpected move just days after
the FBI raid on Cohen Trump pardoned
scooter libby the former aide to Dick
Cheney who was convicted of perjury and
obstruction of justice in 2007 now one
of the prosecutors in the Libby case
tells Yahoo News that he believes the
pardon was intended to send a message to
Cohen Michael Cohen to stay loyal I
don't see any other logic to it he said
Jeremy right now is karellen police a
federal and white-collar criminal
defense attorney Caroline thank you so
much for joining us and what seems on
the surface to be a dangling operation
could it be anything else it really
couldn't be anything else the fact is
there's inexplicable timing here the
fact is over the weekend the president
went on a tweet storm and he he talked
about the possibility of a posthumous
pardon for Jack Johnson apparently based
on some type of conversation he had with
Sylvester Stallone which Sara Sanders
said happened about a month ago and the
question is what what what is this
timing about it obviously goes to the
Michael Cohen issue we know that the
president called Michael Cohen
immediately after that SD NY raid on his
home office and hotel room and the
question is whether or not he
essentially offered a quid pro quo some
type of agreement to offer him a
presidential pardon if he didn't flip
because the fact is those tweets
reference the the prospect of Michael
Cohen flipping on the president so so
clearly that wasn't a stupid question
not at all because I well you're the
expert and a lawyer let me ask you this
it seems to me the sign of a symmetric
warfare moer Robert Moore has all kinds
of potential operative opportunities to
bring charges again for grand juries
against Saint Michael Cohen or any of
these other people involved in this this
caper on the other hand it presents the
power a pardon are they equally matched
can he match anything that the the
prosecutor throws at him it's that okay
buddy he's your chief witness going I
just pardoned him he is gonna talk to
you and I don't anymore or does that
create another problem altogether I
don't know it looks to me like the
pardon does solve his problem if he uses
it Oh deja ah - audaciously if you want
well well once he grants a presidential
pardon there goes Michael Cohen's fifth
Amendment right against
self-incrimination essentially he could
then be called in front of the grand
jury to testify about other things it's
akin to prosecutors sort of immunizing
witnesses if you don't have the threat
of a criminal prosecution looming over
you you can't take the fit now that's
not to say that New York State and Eric
Schneiderman aren't putting things in
process to potentially move forward with
a state prosecution don't you have bad
memory to play with then it seems to me
once you're pardoned you just stop
talking yes I remembering yes I mean but
but but there are ways for prosecutors
to get at the old I don't remember line
I mean I mean that that can only get you
so far but I don't think that a part and
look politically obviously a pardon is
going to set off alarm bells they're
legally speaking a pardon isn't going to
really help Michael Cohen either again
there are taxi medallion issues here
there are real estate issues here those
are state crimes those are New York
State crimes that I bet the the the SD
NY is being careful about not charging
Michael Kahn with at this time it's
looking forward down the road to the
possibility of a federal presidential
pardon thank you so much Carolyn police
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
