turning right now is joy beat of course
from am joy reverend al sharpton host of
politics nation and elise jordan MSNBC
political analyst so in that order let's
go to the reverend forest what we don't
have the revenue let's go let's go to
joy and joy you're thinking about this I
know you have passions on this subject
and they are appropriately placed so
who's gonna win the the as they say in
baseball the bounce of the ball because
I think both sides are claiming new
energy as a result of this whole episode
well talking with you know Republican
strategist friends of mine they
essentially said that the fight over
Cavanaugh energized the Republican base
particularly white men and
college-educated white women who saw in
Cavanaugh their son was in a fraternity
etc and have energized for the
Republicans it's not sure that can last
the next thirty days but the anger the
rage the the the the just the pure
unadulterated anger and rage of women of
non Republican women I think is
something that can carry over and I was
struck that Mitch McConnell said we all
know the events of recent weeks of
strain the Senate's comity and fan the
flames of partisan discord well my god
who's done that more than Mitch
McConnell Mitch McConnell broke the
Senate and then urged people to come
back from the darkness he brought the
darkness Mitch McConnell has decided
that the Senate is the place where
Republicans have absolute power where
Democrats have none where they rule over
women and people of color on behalf of
Donald Trump and Mitch McConnell's own
Ames this man brought the darkness he
succeeded in bringing the darkness and
now he claims he's putting a man of the
highest character than superlative
qualifications on the court the the
majority of Americans disagree with that
they feel that that Cavanaugh has been
imposed forced on the majority of
Americans by a minority who wants to
rule from the past Mitch McConnell wants
to rule from decades ago that he is
imposing order as he sees it on the
majority of Americans I have a feeling
that the outrage over that will last
longer than the sugar high of having
gotten their mail well let me go to
least read net because as we know in the
Constitution the Senate is not basically
elected based on majority ruled by the
country certainly not popular rule
states like Montana North Dakota those
states can elect a very can
servitude senator Ferb forever and not
have to deal with the national passions
at all well in Chris I think we're touch
speaking of the so-called Kavanagh bump
that Republican strategist I've been
speaking with are excited about where
you're really going to see impact are in
these red states where you had
Democratic candidates who were in tight
races with Republicans specifically look
at the example of Tennessee and how
former Governor Phil Bredesen 's numbers
have suffered since the start of this
confirmation process so in the suburban
districts that are moat near the House
races that are under tough contest you
might not necessarily see any movement
but I'm looking at Senate Senate races
and how that balance of power is going
to probably be solidified again by
Republicans
well those stop there who do you think
is going to win now that we're has a
better chance of winning now that than
they had say two weeks ago I think
Claire McCaskill is a really tough race
I think that Marsha Blackburn this is
just a godsend for her I think that Phil
Bredesen was in line to win that race
but this place very differently in
Tennessee than it does in coastal
America but Florida speaking of Florida
I think that Bill Nelson actually his
chances are a little bit strengthened
there and you're looking at how that
race has turned a bit since the
primaries and also the governor's race
and Andrew gillum's candidacy over Ronda
Stephanus that's very shrewd except that
I think you got some smart touting there
I think it looks good i Nelson has some
amazing life in him coming back there I
do have always thought Blackburn it was
a stronger candidate but I don't think
people are really thrilled about
bringing back somebody from the past in
politics today I think generally
speaking job I'd agree with that the
idea of bringing back someone in their
later 70s who was out of the business
for a while people like Fritz Mondale
tried to come back Bob Kerry tried to
come back I don't think people want to
prank people back that's not I would
have agreed with you prior to signs what
I was agreeing with you didn't see and I
was shocked it was the first time that
we've had focus groups where strong
Trump supporters went out of their way
to talk about how they could justify
voting for Governor Phil
Bredesen just because he's remembered in
tennessee as a time of economic
prosperity and as of you know lowering
taxes and not raising taxes and getting
the state healthcare under control well
we'll see being governor's
administrative job being a center is a
philosophical job and I think people
offered this distinguished in those
roles when they go to actually vote hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
