want to bring in Mack McLarty who's a
former White House chief of staff to
President Clinton also chairman of
McLarty associates ambassador
Christopher Hill is chief adviser to the
Chancellor for global engagement at the
University of Denver and former US
ambassador to South Korea and Iraq also
an MSNBC diplomacy expert Eli Stickles
is an MSNBC political analyst so I want
to play what president McCrone said
about the Iran nuclear deal over the
weekend take a listen what do you have
as a better option I don't see it
what is what-if scenario or your plan B
I don't have any plan before nuclear are
against against Iran so that's a
question we will discuss but that's why
I just want to say on nuclear let's
preserve the framework because it's
better than a sort of North Korean type
of situation Ambassador McCrone and
Merkel are expected to tag-team the
president with this unified message save
the Iran deal what do you think the
chances are it works well I think the
president president Trump oughtta think
ahead and realized that whatever he gets
from the North Koreans it's going to
pale in comparison to the deal reached
with Iran and I think the the French and
the Germans are wise to make the point
to him that even if the US were to were
to drop out it's not going to end the
deal so whether they get President Trump
to stop dropping the line that somehow
this is the worst deal in the world
probably after he talks to Kim jong-un
he'll have to call up the second worst
deal in the world because I cannot
believe the North Korean deal is going
to be better or at least the sort of
communique that comes out of that
meeting so let's see if McCrone can turn
his his relationship with Trump into
something where Trump says okay I get it
out soft-pedal of this issue Mac we just
saw the literal rolling out of the red
carpet and we see the military that is
going to greet the president of France
so again the pomp and circumstance of a
state visit here this relationship that
the president seems to enjoy he has
talked
out that long handshake saying it seems
like he likes to hold my hand how much
can a personal relationship or a charm
offensive as some people might phrase it
work toward doing something substantive
in your experience it's it's it's
helpful and some measure of personal
rapport and Trust is is usually
essential in a relationship particularly
from an ally standpoint which of course
Frances our oldest ally I have a
president Trump like not only that pomp
and circumstance but like the military
parade as well
president McCrone has been pretty
straightforward about his the way he's
viewing things about the essential
nature of the relationship between
France the United States so president
Trump is ambassador Hill noted we'll
hear both from him and from Chancellor
Merkel that's a good one to approach on
the Iran deal we'll see
inevitably Chris what this shows is in
the campaign a lot of domestic issues
the economy may be the focus but
inevitably foreign policy comes to the
front and center once someone is sworn
into office how high are the stakes for
the president Eli they're high I mean
politically I don't know if they're
quite as high as the the geopolitical
impact those stakes are much higher
obviously when you're talking about
Syria and North Korea and Iran that
matters a whole lot more than the
domestic politics here in the US which
seem almost static no matter what the
President does I think it's interesting
to see how effective McCrone can be with
Donald Trump he understands how
important rapport and vanity and
flattery are to this president this is a
person Donald Trump who doesn't like the
Iran deal not because of what what
ambassador Hill said about whether its
far-reaching or how it stacks up with
other deals it's just that the past
President Barack Obama did this deal
he's campaigned the president has on how
terrible it is and he has not yet torn
the thing up and so the president is
sort of sitting out there has to
continue the bluster and whether or not
McCrone can come in and and sort of talk
to the president and put him at ease and
tell him how smart he is the way he's
played this so far and finds some way to
continue to
be sort of an emissary for all of Europe
is the person who can talk to Donald
Trump and get him to back away from some
of the things he's talked about
politically you know that really is what
we're watching here with this visit this
week well you'll remember that that
McCrone said that he was the one who
convinced the president that he should
keep US troops in Syria and then the
White House pushed back about against
that the president suggested that was
not what he had really said but I'm
wondering Mac as you're watching this
and we're waiting for the president and
his wife to come off of there their
plane foreign policy decisions of course
are never made in a vacuum so let's say
president Trump decides ultimately to
withdraw from the Iran nuclear deal does
it send a message elsewhere say to North
Korea oh I think it has to decisions are
not made in a vacuum and our allies and
our adversaries watch very closely how
our decision-making process is in place
and how those decisions are made I don't
think there's any question about it I
think that goes to trade as well where
there's been a lot of discussion so this
is an important meeting in that sense I
think the fact that President Trump and
the United States coordinated with both
France and the United Kingdom on the
airstrikes in Syria is a good sign and
president McCrone is very charming but
he is a deeply intellectual grounded
leader in my opinion I think he will
make both a persuasive argument both in
substance and in tone yeah how does
ambassador Hill someone like him a Crone
approached something like this and and I
mean by that in particular
whatever conversations he has with the
president who for example tweeted that
North Korea had denuclearized and then
very quickly sent out another tweet
saying well maybe this will work out
maybe it won't only time will tell and
then they had the legislative director
mark short going on TV today saying
they're going to maintain maximum
pressure until there is full
denuclearization
how much does what seemed to be mixed
messaging make it tough for somebody
like Anne Emmanuel macron to come
men and try to figure out where this
policy is going no McRonald also has a
business background but unlike Trump he
also has a reputation for preparing very
carefully and knowing precisely who he's
dealing with I think this was on display
when when the president visited France
and McCrone just laid out everything for
him in addition to the red carpet so I
think he knows how to deal with
President Trump and you know he's savvy
enough to understand what's going on
here which is the president who is how
to put that knock too into details so I
as difficult as it is for some of us
here and in the United States probably
McCrone has a pretty clear understanding
of what's really going on and how to
kind of manage this but I'm sure he also
has a very specific goals and that is to
somehow soften up the President on this
criticism of of the Iran deal which is
very important to France Germany and
frankly everyone in the world except I
guest President Trump and and senator
bob Corker had a very clever way of
putting it about the chances as we see I
think that's Bridget McCrone who is
waiting to yes to the left in the pink
coat and there is president McCrone to
the right waiting to come out again this
is the first time that this president
has hosted a state visit and Donald
Trump actually was the four is the first
president since Calvin Coolidge which is
almost a century ago not to welcome a
foreign leader for a state visit during
his first year in office so many items
on the table we've been talking a lot
about the Iran nuclear deal but of
course trade also key military strategy
in Syria where we have already had that
back-and-forth going on amid all of this
pomp and circumstance Mac because you've
been up close the way these things are
done and what goes on behind the scenes
what will you be looking for here what
would in your mind make this
trip a success I think we should listen
very carefully to how President Trump
talks about his discussions with
President McCrone and perhaps tweets
about them as well to see if there is
some softening of the ground and of
course it could well relate to director
pompey's nomination and certainly his
tenure as Secretary of State if he is
confirmed because the Iran deal is one
of the real central points as you know
in terms of many Democrats opposing
director Pompeo so I think in terms of
watching this I think the body language
the chemistry will be good it's the
first state visit that sends a strong
positive signal to McCrone reciprocating
as ambassador Hill noted the visit that
Milani and President Trump had to Paris
so I think all the optics will be good
we need to listen very carefully to what
comes out substantively after their
encounters together and there you see
the the greetings the line there that
they've presidented firstly are going
through presumably the president will
not make reference as he did in France
to the age of the first lady of France
who is 24 years older than her husband I
think that's about the same age
difference of he and Melania but in the
opposite obviously but a lot of people
raised an eyebrow or had a few words to
say about his reference to how the first
lady looks is it sometimes the little
things ambassador that matter or
ultimately the only thing that's going
to matter here is the substance that
comes out of it well it's got to be more
than substance because I don't think
President Trump is not all that
interested in substance so I think if if
ma chrome continues to treat him as he
did in in France and to take him
seriously and talk to him about a lot of
different things and I think it could go
off pretty well I mean after all it's
pretty clear president Trump is not all
that close with Angela Merkel or Teresa
May and so it's kind of Frances turn
there's really no one else out there
right now so I think all
eyes in Europe are looking for McCrone
to kind of manage this transatlantic
relationship in a way that others have
not been a very successful Eli this is a
white house that has been preoccupied so
much by the legal issues that are facing
the president whether it's in New York
or the Muller investigation often
talking about things like will or will
there not be pardons but from what
you're hearing inside the White House
what do they see is the stakes from this
visit and and this week in general as we
pointed out which has several key
moments in terms of foreign policy yeah
it's a big week I did to speak to an
aide who who said well maybe this will
be a distraction for the president from
some of the legal things around the the
Michael Cohen story the story as Mac and
the Ambassador have said I mean this is
a president who loves the the grandeur
of the presidency the trappings of the
presidency and for a few days here as he
hosts Emmanuel macron those will be on
display the president will will get to
be photographed he'll get to walk around
he'll have fancy dinners those are
things he likes the hard part about this
is what does the president do
impulsively to sort of throw people off
to distract are there other moments that
we're all talking about that sort of hit
the wrong note and at the end of the day
in terms of the substance if he does
tweet or say things about the specific
issues that are on the table the Iran
deal Syria North Korea the question is
is the president softened in these
moments to the point where he's saying
whatever he thinks needs to be said and
will he stick to those pronouncements
afterwards we've seen a big bifurcation
but sometimes between the president's
statements and what the National
Security Council and his top advisors at
the Pentagon are actually trying to do
in terms of directing foreign policy and
so it is tricky not just for a visiting
foreign leader but for everyone really
to figure out whether or not the
president means what he says and we'll
stick by it
many members of Congress of course
ambassador are watching this very
closely obviously this is a country that
decided to join with the United States
along with Britain and carrying out
those airstrikes against the Syrian
government earlier this month so what
will you be wanting to hear or expecting
to hear from a Crone on Wednesday when
he addresses both chambers of Congress
well I think he should really reiterate
the fact that this is the oldest
Alliance he should talk about our
cooperation by the way not just for that
day in Syria but you know France has
been taking the brunt of the fight
against terrorism in North Africa and
the US has been in a supporting role so
I'm sure that issue of common struggle
will come up McCrone is also about job
creation in France and trying to move
that economy so no doubt that will come
up and I think overall he needs to talk
about the transatlantic relationship you
know an old subject but one that's very
much needed today and perhaps perhaps he
will kind of depart with Trump on the
issue of trade and then in short the
need for more of it so we'll see I think
McCrone is a very carefully prepared
person who will understand what would be
the right messages in Congress and I
would start with a few of those hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
