French president Emmanuel macron was has
arrived in Washington for the first
official state visit of the Trump
presidency this evening the president
and the first lady took them across to
Mount Vernon to tour the home of George
Washington with a u.s. Park Service tour
and tomorrow night the Trump's will host
the macarons for the first state dinner
of the Trump administration in a break
with tradition much was made of this
over the weekend no Democratic members
of Congress have been invited to the
event macro arrives wanting to conduct
business especially the topics of trade
and the Iran nuclear deal Peter Baker of
the New York Times writes it this way
quote arriving in Washington just weeks
before a May 12th deadline for mr. Trump
to keep or abandon the Accord mr. McRoy
hoped to use his unusual bond with the
American president to make the case that
the world was safer with the deal in
place the French leader has promised to
work with the United States and European
partners to strengthen it on Sunday
macro appeared on the president's
favorite news network and offered this
take on not scrapping the deal what do
you have at the bitter eruption I don't
see it what is the what-if scenario or
your plan B I don't have any plan before
nuclear are against against Iran so
that's a question we will discuss but
that's why I just want to say on nuclear
let's preserve this framework because
it's better than the sort of North
Korean type of situation we should note
that McCraw is not the only European
leader who will visit the White House
this week to press Trump on the nuclear
deal among other topics German
Chancellor Angela Merkel is slated to
arrive on Friday but without the fanfare
of a state visit here to talk more about
all of this Susan Glasser formerly of
Politico we are happy to say newest
staff writer for The New Yorker where
she'll be writing home regularly in the
letter from Washington and to Lou Ola
ronita White House correspondent for
Bloomberg who covered the president's
visit to Mount Vernon tonight for the
White House press pool
Susan I'd like to begin with you set the
stakes for us between Trump and mackerel
well you know for the French its
enormous ly high stakes one European
diplomat said to me they're terrified of
the visit here remember that but Donald
Trump is extremely unpopular in France
as he is across much of Western Europe
our traditional allies obviously feel
that they have not had the closest
relationship with Trump to the extent
they have had a closer relationship it's
mostly been through the person of
Immanuel McColl and you know so he now
it needs to prove that he can deliver
something now of course Trump does not
like to be the guy who's seen as giving
concessions and as we know Trump has
been out to get the Iran deal
ever since the campaign he's now
installed a hawkish new cabinet official
to be almost the new Secretary of State
Mike Pompeo publicly in the past has
been opposed to the Iran deal his new
national security adviser John Bolton I
was told has already told French
officials basically that President Trump
has probably going to decide to kill the
deal in may 12th when this deadline
comes up and Bolton said you know if it
was me I'd have already done it three
months ago so it's looking uphill format
calls last-minute diplomacy to save the
Iran deal yeah that might be the nicest
way of putting it
Tolu for our viewers who don't know what
the pool is other than something to swim
in because all the journalists covering
the trip can't be there a select tight
group of them is allowed to go so it was
incumbent upon you to report back to
your print journalist colleagues tonight
other than smiles and outwardly getting
along what did you pick up from the
visit to Mount Vernon yeah just watching
the body language it's obvious that the
presidents do have a very close personal
relationship we saw the president sort
of exchanging this French kiss where
they both sort of pecked each other on
each cheek and they spent a lot of time
shaking hands and really spending time
together and showing that personal
relationship but for president Makran
the big question is whether or not he's
going to be able to translate that very
close personal relationship into policy
victories and we have not seen very many
leaders should be able to do that on the
world stage whether it's President Putin
and President Trump saying he wants to
get along with Russia and wanting to
have close contacts with the Kremlin
that hasn't translated to a very strong
relationship when it comes to policy
matters the same thing with Prime
Minister Ave who was down at mar-a-lago
last week playing golf with the
president but he left without getting
very many wins at during that that visit
and it looks like president Makran could
face the same fate where he's trying to
move president Trump on the Iran deal
trying to change the president's mind on
some trade matters even trying to
convince the president not to pull out
of Syria too quickly because that could
lead to more terrorism down the road we
saw the president McCrone trying to make
that pitch on Fox News now he had the
opportunity to make the pitch directly
to the president we'll hear from them
both during a press conference tomorrow
to see whether or not President Trump
actually makes a change but so far that
has not been the the path that we've
seen president Trump go down he spends
his time very closely with some of these
world leaders but then goes right back
to his same positions that he had before
the world leaders came to visit them hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
