we begin with what was day 459 of the
Trump administration and as the
president launches his first state visit
welcoming French president McCrone he is
increasingly worried about the
investigations plaguing his presidency
Trump's agitation took shape in a
familiar form nearly a dozen tweets
alone on just the Russia inquiry as well
as the criminal investigation of his
personal lawyer Michael Cohen the New
York Times reporting on his relationship
as well as other reports that Cohen
might start cooperating with prosecutors
well that struck a particular nerve
Trump responded by accusing The Times
and Pulitzer prize-winning reporter
Maggie Haberman of quote going out of
their way to destroy Michael Cohen and
his relationship with me in the hope
that he will flip and that quote most
people will flip if the government lets
them out of trouble even if it means
lying or making up stories sorry I don't
see Michael doing that throughout today
the White House was asked to explain
just what it is the president meant
President Trump tweeted over the weekend
that he doesn't expect Michael Cohen to
flip
has he been offered any assurances from
mr. Comey I'm not sure about into a
pardon for Michael Cohen I don't think
that we're gonna talk about
hypotheticals that don't exist right now
he was noticed by some that you didn't
close the door one way or the other on
the present
pardoning Michael Cohen what is your
what's your read on that right now it's
hard to close the door on something that
hasn't taken place but first is what the
President believes his personal attorney
might have done to get him in trouble
with the government and secondly what
the president's done that he is worried
Michael Cohen the president's been clear
that he hasn't done anything wrong I
think we've stated that about a thousand
times tonight Victoria Tenzing who
serves as an informal legal advisor to
the president offered one explanation
for the president's tweets about Michael
Cohen the concern could be that he's
just very upset that this has happened
to somebody I didn't like this kind of
system that I see but the feds can put
the pressure on anybody and say if you
if you do such-and-such you know we'll
let you go the questions about the
president and Michael Cohen came as the
White House also declined to
categorically rule out any attempt to
bring an end to Special Counsel Robert
Muller's investigation the White House's
response to questions about that
possibility also emphasized the word
intention when's he gonna fire rose
decide when's he gonna fire Muller we
have the same conversation as far as I
know the president has no intention of
firing these individuals right but it's
always as far as I know and the
president he never says definitively why
not in there because you don't how far
off the investigations gonna veer right
now he has no intention of firing them
as we've said many times before we have
no intention of firing the special
counsel we've been beyond cooperative
with them we continue to repeat that we
think that the idea that the Trump
campaign was involved in any collusion
with Russia is a total witch hunt it was
Chuck Todd also criticized by the
president have seized on that word over
the weekend well with that let's bring
in our leadoff panel for a Monday night
Robert Costa national political reporter
for The Washington Post also happens to
be moderator of Washington week on PBS
Ashley Parker Pulitzer Prize winning
White House reporter for The Washington
Post and Jonathan Lemire White House
reporter for the AP all three are MSNBC
political analyst so Ashley a question I
would not have asked could not have
asked just a few weeks ago what does
this White House in your reporting fear
morning
the Muller investigation writ large or
the Cohen investigation headquartered in
New York well I think it's so the short
answer is probably a little bit more the
Cohen investigation but I have to say
for them that's sort of what they're
more worried about at least it is
inextricably bound up with the Muller
investigation and so they don't
necessarily separate the two and
certainly the president doesn't of
course one is being done in the Southern
District of New York and it was referred
to that district so for instance if
something were to happen to them all our
investigation that would still proceed
apace but to the president especially
the the Cohen thing was so upsetting for
him in part because he saw it as a sign
of the Muller investigation run amok in
overreach and going a bit more afield
than he is comfortable with and when you
ask those questions you were just
playing you know would the president
never actually fire Bob Muller would the
president actually ever pardon Michael
Cohen there's this sense that that
basically if there is a red line crossed
and in the president's mind it's not
just his business and his families it's
basically that the investigation
Muller's investigation goes outside the
scope that the president understood it
to be which was rostra collusion and
then obstruction that is when White
House aides say the risk becomes really
real the threat becomes more than sort
of a near-constant boil in these angry
tweets that don't necessarily mean any
imminent action hey Bob talk about the
relationship as you know it between
Trump and Cohen and you know especially
this weekend this got downright Scorsese
and the the president wasn't tweeting
about Cohen's innocence he was saying
now he won't flip this is a long
relationship between these two men at
times it seems father-son according to
people close to both of them at times it
can be quite acrimonious over the past
decade but Cohen was not so much a legal
mind at the side of businessman Donald
Trump and then candidate Donald Trump he
was a political adviser immediate visor
a relationship builder I remember during
the beginning of the presidential
campaign process in 2015 he was so
trying to reach out to evangelical
pastors in Iowa someone who did it was
in every man for mr. Trump and he has
retained that role as we all know
throughout the campaign and even the
presidency Jonathan let's talk about
this president on Twitter this weekend
there were many not-so-great hits his
use of the word breeding on the subject
of immigration he got North Korea policy
wrong when after Maggie Haberman before
she even had a chance to pick out what
shelf her Pulitzer is gonna go on in her
house two misspellings while we were on
the air Friday night that started this
whole cavalcade my question to you what
about the anxiety in house knowing only
that they're coming but not knowing what
they're gonna say right that points to
the mood of the president right now
they're remembered lits it sort of
laughable we're looking back on it but
the White House had hoped that last week
in Mara Lago would be a nice distraction
for the president to keep him out of
Washington as the James Comey book lands
as the as the Cohen probe intensifies
you know he originally he was even
supposed to spend a couple days in Latin
America that of course got scuttled he
then they thought he'd be jam-packed
with events with prime minister obey of
Japan who was in Florida but then of
course we had a lot of executive time
starting Friday and over the weekend and
this president these tweets I think are
an excellent occasion of where he is and
the people that we've talked to around
him suggests he is rattled he is
unnerved he's pissed upset as Ashley
said there about the Cohen investigation
you know the people around him aren't
sure right now about Cohen's loyalty as
much as the president talks about it and
as you point out talks about flippin
rather than saying well he's got nothing
to say cuz nothing bad happened story
that they are worried that this is
someone who does have a family who
potentially could be facing a lengthy
prison sentence if he doesn't cooperate
with prosecutors and in the president's
world people around him they find that
loyalty often is a one way street the
president demands loyalty he doesn't
always give it back the question is will
Cohen reciprocate hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
