last week the memos that James Comey
wrote about his White House interactions
before he was fired were all released to
the public with only minor read actions
thanks to congressional pressure on the
Justice Department to let those things
out that really big news did not make
really big news I mean the president
freaked out on Twitter about it for a
number of days running but the public
response the press response was more of
a shrug I seen it all before almost
literally that's because you had seen it
all before there was not a lot of news
in James commis memos which is the point
his notes hewed so closely to what he
had previously told investigators and
members of Congress that they seemed
boring but they did also prove the main
point which is that his story hasn't
changed one whit right that's your news
I mean the president has been calling
James Comey a liar
but James commies testimony really is
bolstered by his notes it those memos
match basically exactly what he told
Congress and what he said publicly and
what he put in his book his story has
been consistent what he said the first
time is what he has still said every
time since which is what it looks like
when a person is telling a true story if
you're counting on James Comey seeming
like someone who was just making stuff
up the release of these memos proofing
his consistent memory over time it might
be an occasion to freak out because he
has kept this story straight from the
very beginning that said we did get one
piece of new news from the Comey memos
was it was actually new in the memo from
Comey that's dated February 8th 2017 he
writes about a meeting that he had at
the White House with the president's
then chief of staff Reince Priebus they
were apparently talking about the
Christopher Steele dossier and in commis
memo he makes this note that he told
Reince Priebus
quote much of the dossier was consistent
with and corroborated of other
intelligence and the incoming president
needed to know the rest was out there so
that's new the person leading the Russia
investigation before he was fired by the
president says he told the White House
chief of staff that much of the dossier
was not only consistent with other
information gathered by intelligence
agencies it was corroborated by that
information that was on February 8th
right less than a month into
the new administration much of the
dossier was consistent with and
cooperative of other intelligence and
the incoming president needed to know
the rest of it was out there now the
rest of it that was out there we think
that line in commis memo may be a
reference to a specifically a specific
part of the Steele dossier that is as
yet publicly and corroborated but it's
the allegation that mr. Trump had a
special time of his own with prostitutes
at Moscow's Ritz Carlton Hotel during a
2013 trip to Moscow in his memos Comey
says Trump appeared fixated on that
subject raising the topic over and over
again in their face-to-face encounters
at a White House dinner January 27th
Comey says the president says he had
spoken to people who had been on the
Miss Universe trip with him they
reminded them he didn't stay overnight
in Russia for that then during a meeting
in the Oval Office February 8th quote
the president explained as he did at our
dinner that he hadn't stayed overnight
in Russia during the Miss Universe trip
this appears not to be a true claim by
the president flight records obtained by
Bloomberg News confirmed that Trump
landed in Moscow the morning of Friday
November 8th 2013 he then departed
Sunday November 10th in the early
morning hours confirming that while mr.
Trump did not spend a full Saturday
night the night after the Miss Universe
pageant he did spend the previous night
he spent Friday night in Moscow at the
Ritz Carlton Hotel which is reportedly
at the same day that he was offered the
five Russian women to visit him in his
hotel room and of course he didn't want
that in November last year NBC News
reported that Trump's longtime bodyguard
Keith Schiller testified to Congress
that on the day of their arrival in
Moscow a Russian offered to send five
women to Trump's Moscow hotel hotel room
so we're told members of the House
Intelligence Committee that he had
laughed at the offer and said we don't
do that type of stuff
according to Keith Schiller he and Trump
laughed about the offer on their way
back to the hotel room that night he
then testified that he stood outside
from so tell room for a while and then
he went to bed once I was telling NBC
News Schiller testified that he couldn't
say for sure what happened during the
remainder of the night how should we
think about this revelation joining us
now is Julia Ainsley NBC national
security and justice reporter
let me ask you about this new news I
don't know how to fit this all together
but in terms of NBC's understanding of
the timeline here it sounds like the
president's assertion that he wasn't
overnight in Moscow just isn't the case
yeah that seems to be the case and
obviously that was already an assertion
that was undermined by Keith Schiller
his personal bodyguard who stood outside
that hotel room he knew mr. Trump was in
there went before he was a president
2013 and this is a really critical time
because it's not just part of the
dossier which is also important but it's
the beginning of the Trump Russia
relationship and this matters when
you're trying to look at the entire
investigation and zoom out on the
relationship between this president and
anything what the Russians would call
compromise that they could then hang
over the president he has wanted to pick
every piece of this dossier apart and
say it is uncorroborated but people in
the intelligence community will tell you
that there can be pieces of raw
information that are correct and pieces
that are incorrect and in this case they
have evidence to believe that what mr.
Trump is saying what he told Comey what
President Trump is saying to Comey that
his had never had a pillow that night is
incorrect that in fact he was there
which of course leads us to wonder was
this other more salacious detail correct
and what other parts of this overall
dossier which would be incredibly
damning for Trump and his campaign in
this administration might also be
correct it really sort of undermines
this linchpin that Trump has built
around to try to D obstruct the Moller
investigation it takes away that alibi
Rachel and briefly Julia do we know if
mr. Schiller has spoken with Muller no
in fact he is one of those names on the
list that we believe has still not
spoken with Muller although Muller has a
way of bringing people in back doors we
don't know about but it has not been
reported of course we do know that
sometimes people who are really central
to the investigation who may know a lot
of information are saved till a little
bit later
for example Cohen the impersonal lawyer
of Donald Trump I was not interviewed
and brought into this until recently
so maybe shoulders next we'll definitely
be paying attention to that NBC News
national security reporter Julie Ainsley
Julia thank you very very much thank you
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
