Donald Trump and his allies keep talking
about whether the longtime lawyer and
Trump Organization executive Michael
Cohen will flip on Trump now as I've
pointed out but it is really worth
underscoring because we live in weird
times this whole conversation in public
is very odd because innocent people
don't have anything to worry about if
there is flipping because without solid
evidence
you can't incriminate them so there's no
flip now keep that in mind as you hear
Trump allies debate the risk that Cohen
might pose you think Michael Cohen flips
I think it's very hard not to flip when
they're threatening you with long long
imprisonment why is the president though
talking about the notion of Michael
Cohen flipping if the president didn't
do anything wrong he's defending someone
who he's worked with and known for a
dozen plus years Donna who he thinks is
being treated unfairly let's turn to
Richard painter a former White House
ethics chief under george w bush what
let's start like in law school the way
you the way you teach what does it mean
to flip well if you are guilty of a
crime and the prosecutors have nabbed
you you would agree to cooperate with
the flood prosecutors and return for a
more lenient sentence more lenient
treatment perhaps dropping of charges
and you flip on the people who you've
been collaborating with your
co-conspirators this is the way
organized crime is pursued and other
criminal ventures all the time but of
course there's nobody who would worry
about someone flipping on them unless
they of course have done something wrong
and if participated in the conspiracy
right use you just used the key a key
term co-conspirator it's harder to flip
on mother Teresa or Dalai Lama well or
harder to flip on the vast majority of
people in public service I think the
vast majority of our members of God uses
aiming too high those people aren't
fellows their point sir
some are not felons I have my
disagreements but they're not felons we
have not had to worry about someone
flipping on the president the United
States so uh you know I was 12 years old
with Nixon had some difficulties in that
area
why does Donald Trump seem to be acting
in ways that I think you and I know and
many of our viewers can intuit are
against the best legal advice he has
added lawyers to the team some of whom
have federal litigation and a federal
project Oreo experienced and you and I
know they are not telling him to talk on
a daily basis about who can flip on him
well of course he is not handling this
the right way he hasn't since day one
when he talked about the Russian
investigation all the time then fired
James Comey and went on TV in front of
the Russian ambassador talking about why
fired James Comey and then tweeted about
it then he sent it I don't know how many
dozen tweets about James Comey since he
did that and then he's acting like he
must have tried a fire Robert Muller
he's acting like he's guilty now that
could be because he's guilty or because
he's psychotic it's one of the two but
it's not a very good situation to have
the president the United States behaving
this way and I don't I don't want to
invite you into speculation but I will
share some of the reporting people
around Michael Cohen some of whom I've
talked to myself and my reporting NBC
has one individual worked closely with
him for a decade says Michael might
believe he won't flip on the president
but he will do you see that as a
possibility I don't know what's going on
with Michael Coleman but from what I'm
hearing in the news reports a very
little what he's been doing involves the
practice of law and paying off porn
stars may be only the beginning of it
and if he's tied up at money laundering
or other criminal activity of behalf of
clients he's in very very serious
trouble we have yet to see what the
government has on Michael Corwin but
there's no way that he would just cover
up for Donald Trump and take the prison
sentence
Donald Trump is infamous for throwing
everyone else under the bus so he's the
last man standing I don't think anyone
intelligent is going to fall for that
and if I were Michael Cohen and I would
guilty of whatever he's being accused of
I'd be cooperating with Robert Muller
right now and briefly you know one of
the biggest legal moves Trump made
recently was giving an obstruction
pardon out to a White House aide I mean
that's like a ball and it hasn't gotten
that much attention I don't not even
sure why we covered it extensively on
the beat your view of that pardon of
Scooter Libby who you were of course in
the White House
well yes good or living he lied to a
grand jury but that was over ten years
ago and that was resolved with President
Bush giving him a commutation of a
prison sentence but not a full pardon
the only reason for Donald Trump to dig
that up and give a full pardon is to
send a message that if you perjure
yourself in front of a grand jury to
cover for political superiors you're
gonna get a pardon and if people want to
try that you think yours you think it
was effectively a corrupt intent well
the objective was to get people to
understand the perjury is not that bad
if you perjure yourself to cover for the
president but as the safe people do that
do so at their own risk because Donald
Trump could be out of there before he
could pardon anybody I wouldn't take
that risk I wouldn't fool around with
Robert Muller Richard painter we always
learned from you I'm waiting for the day
when you start one of those virtual
courses a Richard painter hologram or
something and we could sign up for class
with you every day sir thanks for your
time tonight well thank you hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
