our Democrats fighting Trump well that
was a big test facing Congressman Joe
Kennedy who gave the response to the
State of the Union and he got some rave
reviews I just caught up with the
congressman in Washington take a look
Jared Kushner has been under scrutiny in
the Miller probe his security clearance
has been downgraded it's clear he misled
on his forms about his foreign
repeatedly do you do you think President
Trump made a mistake in giving these
kind of important roles to family
members I think so yes I do
and I'm cognizant of the fact that my
members of my family when they were in
office yeah I had some time remembers
and key roles as well what I think we
acknowledged then certainly as time has
gone on that the issue isn't so much the
the family member aspect of it although
I think that's the important piece but
we'd be having a far different
conversation if mr. Kushner had in fact
disclosed all of the meetings that he
had with Russian officials if he had
filled out those forms appropriately if
he had fully divested himself from
interests with foreign governments which
clearly he hasn't just because you're a
family member it doesn't mean that
there's necessarily a conflict of
interest what this administration seems
to be unwilling to do the Trump family
seems to be unwilling to do is to divest
themselves from the interest of the
American public and governance and their
own financial financial assets and
that's what I think should lead all of
us to have a problem do you think that
in today's world it would make sense for
if you could a president to a point of
their brother to the cabinet or you
think that's something that we've sort
of learned through history is is not as
good an idea now as it may have once
been so I think it was a great idea with
my great uncle as president I have no
issue with that none the main issue that
I have again with what's going on with
mr. Kirchner with mrs. Travancore Trump
and with other kind of ancillary issues
with the Trump family is their
unwillingness to actually just clarify
the circumstances and put up some very
clear walls between themselves
there there governance and the Trump
assets you're part of a family that
America is fascinated by how do you take
that in your daily role I am very proud
of the contribution my family members
have made to our country but you can't
walk around with that every day the
lesson that I take from my family one
that doesn't get covered so much is most
folks focus on the Kennedy part I focus
on the family part we're family - right
it's fathers and mothers and brothers
and sisters and aunts and uncles and
it's what you learn more than anything
else is no matter the the tribes that we
have as a family and the struggles that
we have you've always got a family there
for you we also talked about how tough
it is to do a response to a State of the
Union and how can they became a mean
Democrats gave you a big job and
responded to the state you broke with
one Republicans approach you did not
partake of any water during your speech
when lighter on the water and probably
heavier on the chapstick so that was the
good news aria is that I will never have
to buy chapstick again I've got tubes of
chapstick from was that a conscious
choice tone is it something you and
Marco Rubio have ever discussed because
he went in a different direction so I
actually met senator Rubio for the first
time last night and we shared a joke
about it so he was a great sport look at
a certain point all you can do is laugh
about it so I will I've made a conscious
decision to go lighter on the chapstick
ever since
so thank you America we also got
congressman Kenny to do a lightning
round on the beat what's on your
playlist right now Oh
Pandora based on what kind of music
depends on the mood normally
early-morning because I got two kids
something somewhat relaxing I've got a
workout mix that starts off with
actually starts off with Kanye West so
there you go a little bit of everything
yeah your workout mixes Kanye is that
old Kanye or new Kanye old Kanye told
Kanye you mentioned working out my
understanding is some mornings you work
out with Paul Ryan next to Paul Ryan
there's a mayor Paul Ryan here Paul Ryan
yes what have you learned working out
near Paul right
Paul Ryan's in pretty good shape Paul
rides pretty good shape I've heard that
he is did you say that's one thing that
he inspires you want he is in better
shape than I am I will progressing the
event I'll put it that way
little bipartisanship in the gym Paul
Ryan in great shape hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
