got a snitch about the snitch that looks
like let me go to miss Tasha on this
what do you make of this Trump's out
there throwing the spiritual bouquets
the way of this guy blowing kisses
telling he'll never rat on me at the
same time we're hearing from the New
York Times
he's been dumping on the guy treating
them like garbage for years what goes
around as we say Jean comes around right
and whereas the Trump Cohen relationship
kind of used to be a one-way street
where Trump would really treat Michael
Cohen like garbage I mean you talk to
his associates and you said this is
known this is this is well known this is
well known that Trump never that Trump
took Michael Cohen for granted and took
his loyal Cohen has it off as an
apartment or a condo in Trump Towers at
one of them with all this Gloriana stuff
about Trump in it Trump he glorifies the
guy and the guy trash in his office in
30 rock when I walked in a couple months
ago to do an interview with him it was
pretty much just trying to Donald Trump
there was a 30 rock Trump Tower and 30
Rhino Michael Cohen has an official 30
rock oh that's right but it was pretty
much a photo of Michael Cohen's daughter
and then it was surrounded by
inauguration paraphernalia photos of
himself with the president I mean
Michael Cohen really looks up to Donald
Trump and you think Trump's office is
filled with pictures of Michael Cohen
somehow I doubt it Jean this is how many
times have watched if they heard that
line what goes around comes around you
treat people like dirt that somehow they
end up when your jury at some point does
I mean clearly that sort of treatment
has not bothered Michael Cohen up to now
right because he has remained with
Donald Trump and and seems to relish in
being his his fixer his go-to guy his
ray Donovan as he calls himself kind of
ridiculously but look everybody flips
right I mean basically everybody's the
mower right if federal prosecutors have
something on you and they want you to
tell them something they will get you to
they'll get you to tell it I mean they
they have you know a federal prosecutor
is about the most powerful person in the
country in terms of what he can do to
your life well who was it was a truck
Olsen he said if you grab him by the
white their hearts and minds will follow
he grabs they crab by all the tender
parts
and they squeeze and people people talk
because you've got a choice you've got a
choice either you tell what you know you
answer the questions they have or you
know you go to president I mean and you
face financial Robert let me ask you
about this whole thing and the pattern
is so clear because you start with Flynn
and you go to Papadopoulos I'm going
through this list of all these kato
kaelin characters all these available
witnesses but they all seem to have
criminal which word exposures as you say
in the business a lot of exposure and
this guy's been covering for Trump and
all the apparently it's his jobs to take
care of any women problems whether
one-night stands Affairs whatever he
takes care of shutting them up if you
well brutally by selling their story to
somebody he'll never print it or making
sure they never say anything to anybody
with non-disclosure agreements and
that's six or seven figures seven
figures I mean he has a lot of money to
spend to keep people quiet and it looks
like that's his job it looks like he
might be exposed for some legal pressure
there yeah and you know one point I want
to make is this tweet from President
Trump is so harmful where he suggests
that prosecutors will encourage someone
to flip and lie and make things up to
build their case that is absolutely not
the case
it would be unethical and unwise because
a jury needs to understand that a
witness who's testifying has that
exposure and so a prosecutor would
corroborate any of that testimony with
independent evidence like you know phone
records bank records other news stations
and so they have all that stuff then
cleaned up Michael Cohen's office his
laptop his tablet what his phone's his
apartment and his hotel room he uses
maybe they and his safety deposit box or
safe whatever they call I think savings
rocks is it a bank I don't they got it
the banker they got it from his his
office but they got always secret
records yeah so we don't know yet
whether Michael Kohn will be charged
with anything but certainly they will
the prosecutors will be armed with
sufficient evidence to review from all
of these documents from his office and
if they do banks we're gonna charge Mike
mail fraud and invite an FEC violations
they've already posted what they're
going to hit him with and and if and
when they do charge him with those
things I've seen
as Eugene said so frequently someone who
pledges their eternal loyalty to their
associates in the end does often end up
cooperating with prosecutors because
once they see that their what their
criminal exposure is the loyalty to the
boss becomes far less important than the
loyalty to their family and when they're
making a decision about who I want to go
to prison for 10 or 12 years for the
boss or don't want to come home sooner
to my family often it's an easy choice
well the president also singled out the
co-author of that New York Times report
veteran journalist Maggie Haberman
saying the New York Times and the
third-rate reporter named Maggie
Haberman known as crooked Hillary flunky
who I don't speak to and have nothing to
do with they're going out of their way
to destroy Michael Cohen and his
relationship with me in the hope that he
will flip trump's using the term flip
here unbelievable well the president
said he doesn't speak to have herman the
fact that he's given her at least six
exclusive interviews since november and
he's been photographed with her inside
the Oh boss I don't know let me go to
Natasha how can a president lie like
this in our face when we had so much
graphic evidence that he's lying it
seems like yeah the word lying but he is
here it seems like whenever the
president is confronted with something
that he doesn't like to acknowledge he
retreats to a very he just goes in the
complete opposite direction he's the
front page of the New York Times more
than I can catch I never saw a
third-rate in any way right it's I never
spoke to Maggie Haberman it's I never
stayed overnight in Moscow these are
things that Donald Trump says when he's
confronted with with realities and the
other thing I will also note about
Michael Cohen is that he does not
necessarily need to flip in order for
prosecutors to get information on Donald
Trump I mean they the FBI rated Michael
Cohen's office and his residences and
there were a trove of documents that
that the FBI and the prosecutors will
now be able to sift through so if we if
we assume that Michael Cohen will stay
loyal and won't actually flip on the
president even you know that may be very
unlikely but he may not need to June I
talked with the Washington Post he also
went up to you guys I gotta bring it up
because he's talking about I never used
the term mr. Magoo I never used to term
mr. peepers now you gotta be RH though
mr. peepers was Lally - Oh mr. Magoo
but he's out denying what we know he did
yeah I know
look is this a sort of classic Trump
reaction right you know I don't even
know her
I know I would never say that I would
never do that even even if it's stuff
that he's on film saying and doing he
would never do it so that's his defense
mechanism and so it's what we expect now
no you know back up he is President of
the United States and we expect him to
tell these ridiculous lies when he's
cornered define to even see downward his
pet one and said let me tell you Barbara
he reminds me of sergeant Schultz and
Hogan's Heroes I don't know nothing
anyway even etosha per try and Thank You
Eugene Robinson and Barbara McQuade
thank you for your expertise hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
