on this vote the eyes are 50 the nays
are 48 the nomination of Brett M
Kavanagh of Maryland to be an Associate
Justice of the Supreme Court of the
United States is confirmed
mr. Geordi leader I ask consent the
motion to reconsider be considered made
and laid upon the table and the
president be immediately notified of the
Senate's action
sergeant-at-arms will restore order in
the gallery the clerk will call the roll
mr. Alexander you know when you listen
to the vice president there as president
of the Senate you know you often noticed
there's a certain pause before he speaks
that's because he's being prompted
nothing wrong with that the
parliamentarians do that for a living
they they're whispering off stop from
off camera there to the one in the chair
telling them what to say next
in fact it's literal it's word-for-word
what they're supposed to say they might
join right now enjoyed read of course
from am joy reverend al sharpton host of
politics nation and elise jordan MSNBC
political analyst so in that order let's
go to the reverend first but we don't
have the review let's go let's go to joy
again joy you're thinking about this I
know you have passions on this subject
and they are appropriately placed so
who's gonna win the the as they say in
baseball the bounce of the ball because
I think both sides are claiming new
energy as a result of this whole episode
well talking with you know Republican
strategist friends of mine they
essentially said that the fight over
Cavanaugh energized the Republican base
particularly white men and
college-educated white women who saw in
Cavanaugh their son was in a fraternity
etc and have energized for the
Republicans it's not sure that can last
the next 30 days but the anger the rage
the the the just a pure unadulterated
anger and rage of women of non
Republican women I think is something
that can carry over and I was struck
that Mitch McConnell said we all know
the events of recent weeks is strained
the Senate's comity and fan the flames
of partisan discord well my
God who's done that more than Mitch
McConnell Mitch McConnell broke the
Senate and then urged people to come
back from the darkness he brought the
darkness Mitch McConnell has decided
that the Senate is the place where
Republicans have absolute power where
Democrats have none where they rule over
women and people of color on behalf of
Donald Trump and Mitch McConnell's own
aims this man brought the darkness he
succeeded in bringing the darkness and
now he claims he's putting a man of the
highest character than superlative
qualifications on the court the majority
of Americans disagree with that they
feel that that Cavanaugh has been
imposed forced on the majority of
Americans by a minority who wants to
rule from the past Mitch McConnell wants
to rule from decades ago but he is
imposing order as he sees it on the
majority of Americans I have a feeling
that the outrage over that will last
longer than the sugar high of having
gotten their mail hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
