after 10 months of the president
hounding for an investigation and even
jail for James Comey the Justice
Department is looking into
classification issues surrounding the
memos of the former FBI director at
least two of the memos that Comey gave
to a friend outside of the government
contained information that officials now
consider classified of those two memos
Comey himself redacted elements of one
that he knew to be classified to protect
secrets he handed the documents over to
his friend who shared the contents with
the reporter although they were not
classified at the time he shared them
parts were later declared confidential
which has prompted the DOJ Inspector
General to review the matter President
Trump continued on Twitter this weekend
if you can believe it even during the
funeral James commis memos are
classified I did not declassify them
they belong to our government therefore
he broke the law but Comey had the legal
authority to determine what Bureau
information was classified and what
wasn't and there are no laws prohibiting
Comey from sharing conversations he had
with Trump in an unclassified manner
also in his weekend tweets the president
used the Comey memos as the basis to
question the validity of the special
counsels investigation late Friday night
he tweeted James Comey illegally leaked
classified documents to the press in
order to generate a special counsel
therefore the special counsel was
established based on a illegal act
really does everybody know what that
means
and later you know and I just just
enough and now I just really seriously
we're not gonna start the show with
three of his emails at once again China
Heilmann are so factually challenged
that make up the facts out of whole
cloth and basically plain - I mean he's
been he's been very deliberate he's
tried to Donald Trump is tried to
undermine the rule of law he is trashed
the FBI in the men and the women who
protect our country every day he is
trashed the Justice Department he has
pressured the Justice Department to
to go after a list of people including
Hillary Clinton which is so outrageous
which is such a Banana Republic move
which is something that you would expect
from Latin America in the 1970s that
that that we're actually seeing it
happen we're hearing people talking
about the possibility of investigating
McCabe for crimes and now he's talking
about investigating call me for crimes
for for materials that weren't even
classified when he wrote them help us
understand exactly what's going on here
John well one would like to think Joe
that this is a cheap political stunt I
mean certainly that in part and and that
what what the president is trying to do
is at a time when he needs to have
enthusiasm among his base and where his
base is as partly because of actions of
his own partly because of actions of his
party are enraged at the people you just
mentioned they have always been a rage
Hillary Clinton they're now a rage with
Jim Comey and and much of the Nationals
are much of the law enforcement
bureaucracies much the law of course
been institution in the country at the
federal level that he's just trying to
like feed them red meat nothing's ever
gonna come of this race he's on Twitter
they get all worked up and that's great
unfortunately you know as we've seen and
your your comment about banana republics
is is uh is is apt in the sense that you
know it's one thing to say some of these
things from a from a debate stage or on
a Twitter feed it's another thing to me
to have them being said by a person who
controls those institutions and although
the Justice Department the FBI are my
tradition independent from the White
House they are still the the people who
work there the they are still under the
control formerly of though of the
layouts and so when the president talks
about jailing his political opponents
talks about mobilizing the law
enforcement institutions at his disposal
against those people in that way it's
profoundly troubling and I don't think
there's anybody at this point that
thinks that it's beyond Donald Trump to
actually not just to have this be
rhetorical but to actually to try
actually do exactly what he's promising
in these tweets what he's crazy but it's
but it's but it's incredibly troubling
and it is
what's some of the most chilling some of
those chilling things that Trump does is
when he talks to this way and threatens
action in this area
Nick jump in the problem here is that
the president's Kabuki theater has a
tendency to become a real theater and
people take actions as a result but you
see on the hill as John is saying is
that the president will say something is
illegal all of a sudden there are folks
on the hill who want to do an
investigation I do think it's important
that the president have a consistent
standard in his own white house about
classified information and we know from
last summer that he in fact in a meeting
with Russian officials himself disclosed
classified information that was then
traced back to our allies in Israel so
he is not himself that careful with this
information and here he is raising all
these things about the pointy memos
which by the way show our classification
system is completely messed up this kind
of retroactive just kind of nuts Joe
yeah it is not I mean and we have a guy
that actually gave classified
information to the Russians and and then
talked about investigations inside the
Oval Office to the Russians he's
actually trying to even come close to
criticizing James Comey it's it's it's
outrageous let's talk about some
actually positive news Mike Barnicle if
we now define positive by people who
actually do care about the rule of law
it's an awfully low standard that we
have to look for for good news in this
way in the Trump administration but I
was heartened that Jeff Sessions warned
the White House that if fraud Rosenstein
was fired that he would leave at once
yes the Attorney General to done began
the White House Counsel you fire rod
Rosenstein and I might walk as well you
know there's been so much already that
we'll discuss this morning including the
absurd classification process that the
federal government employees but you
know the larger picture Joe I think is
what you begin with it is indeed a
picture that picture of eight people to
boot three bushes to Clintons to Obama's
and Melania Trump and it's a reminder of
who we used to be as a government and as
part as people who participated in
politics from citizens on up to
candidates and we ought to frame that
picture in our minds that that's the
America that we had yep that's the
America that we can get back and that's
the America that the President of the
United States denigrated Saturday during
a funeral service with his tweets many
of which were outright lies well let's
be honest he does it every day
he does it every day but it was
especially insulting to the United
States of America on Saturday take a
look at this swipe Joe on sessions GOP
lawmakers asking sessions to investigate
Comey and Hillary Clinton Fox News good
luck with that request you know it's
it's just painful actually in some ways
and especially on Saturday as the world
said goodbye to Barbara Bush yeah it
really was and again the president even
contradicting himself in that tweet
because he's accusing a newspaper of
spreading lies about problems between he
Jeff Sessions and then he attacks Jeff
Sessions soon after that it's you know I
just I want to say for for maybe some
Donald Trump supporters that are
watching that are looking at the
pictures of the bushes and the Clintons
and and and the Obamas and and saying
well wait but wait a second those they
were terrible leaders Donald Trump is
gonna set these straight he'd never be
like any of them Donald Trump was a big
supporter of the Clintons a big
supporter of Bill Clinton a big
supporter of Hillary Clinton Donald
Trump did not become the Donald Trump
that people who voted for him would have
liked until 2011 2012 he was a huge
Democrat and then he discovered
birtherism and decided that he was going
to use race and resentment to try to
become become the Republican Party's
nominee so again this is I you know I've
seen this before
it's interesting I had to give a had a
debate this weekend Mika and so I was
trying to go back to see what I had said
that through the years and because it
was Newt and I that were we're going
back and forth with each other and
actually I should should say this to
John meet some John except for how you
helped me in my 2013 book I noticed that
the book I wrote in 2004 and 2009 and
2013 were identical they were basically
saying the same thing Republicans should
be small government conservatives they
should be conservative ideologically and
they should be moderate temperamentally
you you have donald trump though who is
neither and just as I caught hell around
the clock when I wrote that first book
when George W Bush was president I said
hey trust me this too shall pass it's
just like Donald Trump we look at that
picture and we think we will never get
back to that again but so too shall
donald trump pass and when he does the
republican party is going to have a hell
of a time explaining what they did in
the four to eight years while he was
there yeah I find more and more that
talking about the Republican Party and
the president are two entirely separate
conversations they're still Stockholm
Syndrome you know the Republican
lawmakers still fear this base out there
I remember being in a southern state not
Tennessee right after the Republican
primary in 2016
and asking the governor of that state
what surprised him the most about
Trump's big win and he said you know
when you run for statewide office in the
state like Arkansas you know you know
every precinct and there were these tiny
precincts where you know there were only
you know 20 voters for the 20 years that
we're getting 700
800 people you know coming out of the
woodwork to vote for Trump and so it was
just a new whole new phenomena two quick
things on one on writing more books and
as someone who does it there's a reason
that Harper Lee is Harper Lee
she had one thing to say said it the
rest of us are just hopelessly trying to
say the same thing again and again so
there's a reason to kill a mockingbird
mockingbird
secondly on the president's essential
opportunism you're exactly right about
the New York Democrat years but also
remember there's a line and George
Herbert Walker Bush is diary when he was
vice president running for president in
1988 when Lee Atwater and Donald Trump
apparently cooked up a an overture to
President Bush President Bush to put
Donald Trump on the ticket in 1988 and
Bush's inimitable reaction in the diary
was strange unbelievable and it still is
yes and of course well and mikka that I
mean you go from strange and
unbelievable to george w bush's response
to Donald Trump's inaugural address that
was some Meechum don't you have a book
coming out in two weeks funny you should
say all that there's a reason there's a
reason there's a reason there's only one
Harper Lee and and I'm not it oh boy
that's what T's that's a roll promo all
right thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more 4 Morning
Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
