I don't know what else to say I want to
welcome in my panel for this our
associate editor and columnist for Real
Clear Politics AV Stoddard The
Washington Post Ashley Parker back from
are also joining us senior political
reporter for Yahoo John Ward and Kendall
a nyan returns as well a B Stoddard that
was a ringing endorsement from bob
Corker for Marsha Blackburn and if Bob
quarters have the most interesting
journey you know saying that the
basically the president was sort of a
threats the nation he's mentally
unstable as an adult daycare center
really really just unbelievably
adolescent tweets back at him then he
was going to maybe be drawn back into
the fray wonder repair relations with
the president and he you can just tell
he got his sort of retiring senator
fever back and when he was approached by
the Senate Majority Leader to not say
anything nice again about Phil breast
and you can just tell it got us back up
because he wasn't even trying today he
was practically out right giggling John
Ward there are not very many Republicans
right now who are willing to actually
say in public the same thing that
they're willing to say in private about
this president which has been true for a
long time yeah bob corker seems to be
one of the few SAT points out who now
seems to be at least willing to mostly
speak his mind yeah I mean he's one of
the few this has been a dynamic since
Trump was the nominee or even before
that I mean the Republicans have been
saying things in private that they
haven't said in public and this is the
frustration of many people you know at
the same time we're starting to see some
resistance to Trump's nominations so
there is some institutional resistance
on that in that sense but yeah I mean
this this is sort of the through the
looking-glass element of Washington in
the Trump era right and there were a
there was a couple reports or at least
one report I saw this week that
canvassed some money many Republican
senators in essentially said are you
ready to endorse the president for a
election and there were a few more hems
and Haws and I expected and that may
have partly to do with the Russia
investigation and so we turn to the
newly released Comey memos which are
revealing previously unreported
conversations that Comey had in the
White House including some about former
national security adviser Michael Flynn
Comey writes that during a late January
dinner with the president mister
told a story about Flynn failing to tell
him for several days that he had
received a congratulatory phone call
from a foreign leader it was an
admission that apparently frustrated the
president Comey writes quote in telling
the story the president pointed his
fingers at his head and said the guy has
some serious judgment issues and in
another memo from February 8th Comey
writes about a conversation with chief
of staff writes Priebus who says he
asked quote do you have a fire order on
Mike Flynn I paused for a few seconds
and then said that I would answer here
but that this Illustrated the kind of
question that had to be asked and
answered through established channels
meanwhile the president tweeted about
Flynn on Friday writing quote so General
Michael Flynn is life can be totally
destroyed while shady James Comey can
leak and lie and make lots of money from
a third-rate book that never should have
been written is that really the way life
in America is supposed to work I don't
think so
and it all comes as Politico is
reporting that Flynn is engaging in a
comeback tour of sorts giving speeches
and endorsing congressional candidates
around the country Ashley Parker is the
president does he still feel as though
clearly he feels that Flynn was tweet
treated unfairly
but does he feel like he still owes
Michael Flynn loyalty or is this and I
feel like I'm probably gonna answer my
own question here it's just all about
him yeah I mean I think I think he
genuinely has been frustrated with the
way Michael Flynn has been treated he
sort of felt it was unfair all along
that's why you have him saying to James
Comey I hope you can see to let this go
but again a lot of this flint in many
ways is sort of the poster child for the
allegations of Russia collusion and
possibly obstruction and the probe and
so in some ways it feels like defending
Flynn and saying he's been unfairly
tweeted and this Flynn is really a proxy
for himself the president feels he has
been unfairly treated mm-hmm Kendall a
nyan weigh in on this I mean it's a bit
remarkable for Michael Flynn to be
back on the campaign trail after what
he's faced with with this investigation
well I think it speaks to a country
where there are different truths and and
the one version of reality
is that Mike Flynn was railroaded by the
deep state ran you know by this horribly
unfair investigation and we saw saw this
before a little bit with Ollie north
remember the around Contra figure who
was convicted of a felony felony
conviction was overturned became a
right-wing media hero best-selling
author Mike Flynn could go down this
road but what I think is so interesting
about at this moment is that we still
don't know what Mike Flynn told the
Muller investigation about Donald Trump
what he gave to get this very sweet deal
he's facing between zero and six months
in prison for lying to the FBI and their
world there was a lot of reporting about
other things he may have done involving
the government of Turkey and lobbying
deals that he would none of which he was
charged with so the thinking at the time
was wow he must have a lot to give on
Donald Trump it's looking like maybe
that's not the case that Trump is not
worried about exactly exactly John Ward
let's talk a little bit about what Ken
said at the top there which is this idea
that were a country that that is living
completely separate truths and I know
you've spent a lot of time you know
looking at both political parties but to
focus on Republicans I mean it it it
seems as though you know for Republicans
here in Washington who want to be
critical of Trump and who are trying to
win primary elections you know they want
to focus on what they believe to be a
set of facts that you know they may
share that set of facts with Democrats
and that the rest of the the Trump
Republican Party is increasingly
operating in a completely different
world yeah and this is a problem that
has its roots in you know proliferation
of media outlets and the Internet I mean
this is not a new problem in in one
sense in another sense Trump and and you
know the people that they didn't have a
president in the White House before
that's correct I mean Trump has been the
one who through using Twitter I mean
President Obama let's back up for a
minute when they came into office they
said we're gonna go around the
mainstream media I mean Robert Gibbs
told me that Dan Pfeiffer told me that
Trump is doing that mainly through
Twitter and basically where Obama would
occasionally sort of dis you know the
mainstream media dis the Washington Post
dis the New York Times in cable news
and kind of a disdainful way pompous
it's just saying you know let's blow it
all up and that was part of his appeal
from the beginning was that a lot of
people and let's let's face it
conservatives some part of them have
been frustrated with the mainstream
media for a very long time and and Trump
sort of built on that mounting
frustration right let's talk a little
bit about another potential in this case
enemy of the president fired
deputy FBI director Andrew McCabe who is
fighting back amid mounting pressure
from President Trump and congressional
Republicans according to his lawyer
McCabe is planning to sue the Trump
administration for defamation wrongful
termination and possible civil claims
other civil claims his lawyer is also
accusing McCabe's opponents including
President Trump of slander that comes as
the Justice Department's inspector
general has recommended a criminal
investigation into whether McCabe lied
to federal officials about a leak to a
reporter here's what McCabe's former
boss James Comey told Rachel Maddow
about that earlier this week there were
two people who could authorize
disclosures the director and the deputy
director
so Andy had the authority to speak to
the media and to authorized
communications with the media do you
think he improperly spoke to the media
and that capacity that I don't know for
sure I know that he didn't tell me about
it didn't ask me about it before he did
it I think the the Spector general's
report is right in that respect and I
would have expected that but I think he
had the authority to do that
McCabe's lawyer says McCabe did tell Co
me that he was pushing back on stories
about the Hillary Clinton investigation
and Axios reports that McCabe and his
lawyers are looking for ways to release
emails and phone call transcripts
between the two men to back up their
claim a B Stoddard who's who's right
here I mean this this IG report was
pretty difficult from a cave it really
is I think what Comey said matters which
is that you know McCabe revealed
something to The Wall Street Journal
that was really tough on the Clinton
campaign is the last thing they wanted
to read it doesn't exactly help the
candidate I mean it it would be seen to
be helpful to the candidacy then of
Donald Trump
now the Donald Trump administration
wants to punish him for that but the
point is that he lied about it
so when they say not full candor and
everything it is that level of an
offense that within the FBI when your
high ranking official lying is not
forgiven and so I think commis had a
rough couple weeks I don't think he's
done himself I think he's done himself a
great disservice in terms of his own
credibility but I think that if they can
prove with emails and text that he
didn't lie somehow and he's gonna
challenge the Inspector General then
maybe in the end you know he's
exonerates himself but if you get caught
lying it as a high-ranking official at
the FBI I think you're gonna pay a price
for that wouldn't it seem as though the
Inspector General would already have
these either I was just gonna say it's
hard to imagine what emails and texts
exist that they didn't have access to
what's so fascinating about this to me
is that James Comey Andrew McCabe our
allies and friends or associates and
Comey has defended McCabe when he was
fired on ceremoniously a couple of days
before he was gonna retire but Comey
clearly said there that the Inspector
General was right that McCabe lied to
him about McCabe claims that Comey
authorized him to talk to this reporter
about a pending criminal investigation
which is a very rare thing in the FBI
not supposed to happen it never happens
right I mean no I feel like every time
we talked to Pete Williams on the TV
it's he's always says that sorry nothing
they won't comment Criminal
Investigation there's an exception if
it's in the public interest but the
Inspector General found that this was
not in the public interest this was in
Andrew McCabe's interest because he was
under fire because his wife was running
as a Democrat in Virginia and the Wall
Street Journal was looking into why is
he supervising an investigation into a
Democratic presidential candidate yeah
John Ward what's your view of how an AV
saturd alluded to this about how Comey
has handled himself overall this week it
seemed as though in the book initially
the excerpts came out Comey was viewed
as the picture that he was trying to
paint of somebody who was more loyal to
you know the country to honor to these
sort of ideas of decency and and
comparing himself inevitably to
President Trump but he ended up on
defense over some of the smaller items
you know focus on the president's hands
for example yeah the stuff about the
president's hands came across as petty I
have to say I personally found it a
little surprising that he his first
interview I believe it was with
Stephanopoulos I found that in
surprising because if you're looking to
persuade
you know more than half the country
you've got to recognize going back to
you know the debate during the
Republican primary where a lot of
conservatives were angry with the way
George handled a question about
reproductive rights and that's you know
not the first time conservatives have
had a problem with Stephanopoulos I just
wouldn't see Stephanopoulos is the first
person to go to you on your tour if
you're looking to persuade more than
just you know Democrats I would say the
same about I was a little surprised with
some of the other places he went but I
think it's hard to come across as
anything other than sanctimonious when
you're holding yourself out as a paragon
of virtue an interesting point I want to
turn to another one of our colleagues
because we watched yet again this
weekend as the president assailed a
reporter over a story that he didn't
like his target this time the also
Pulitzer Prize winning White House
reporter for The New York Times Maggie
Haberman Haberman co-wrote a story on
Friday about what the paper describes as
the president's poor treatment of
Michael Cohen over the years Haberman
and her colleagues report that there are
now concerns among some of the
president's advisors that Cohen will
cooperate with federal officials in a
series of tweets yesterday the president
called Haberman quote a third-rate
reporter who doesn't speak to and has
nothing to do with he called some of his
former aides even worse The Times was
careful to note that haverman has
interviewed the president three times on
the phone and twice in the Oval Office
that is a tweet from her colleague at
the Times Michael Schmitt who notes that
the president quote said who I don't
speak to and have nothing to do with
that of course the famous Trump
thumbs-up and that is our friend Maggie
Brenda Astra Parker this this is
something that the President does not
infrequently he does in fact and there
are some reporters that he has talked to
for years and built these relationships
with and now in public you know turns
around and trashes them yeah absolutely
and I think anytime the President of the
United States attacks you especially by
name as he often does with Maggie
Haberman I think it can be jarring and
uncomfortable but if there's one thing
we've learned covering him is that when
the president calls something fake news
it doesn't mean it's
they it doesn't actually mean the facts
are incorrect at all what it means in
the case of this fantastic story of
Maggie and the times did I'm Michael
Cohen is that is that it's true
and it's hit on some clear truth and it
just so happens to have gotten under the
president's skin now I don't know if all
of his supporters know that but but when
you see these tweets that means someone
has written something true more often
than not and that true thing has driven
the president absolutely crazy and it's
something that he's trying to push back
on I tend away nyun quickly on Michael
Cohen and that time story where they
essentially said look this guy they
haven't the president has been nice to
this guy and so it means that he's more
likely when the feds come knocking and
say hey we can put you in jail for
however many years or you can talk to us
the Kohen is gonna decide to talk to
them I actually think that that will be
less of a factor than the idea that he's
facing many years in prison he's got a
young son he talked to me about one hit
taking his son to UCLA he's a baseball
player the idea that he's not gonna be
able to see his kids baseball games for
many many years that's what's gonna get
him to flip if in the end that's where
he stands Ken Delaney and thank you so
much for time tonight I really
appreciate it hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
