actually was Sean Hannity last night
here's my trade nice guy right - we love
Sean quick and Hannity how good is
Hannity he say
I'm a ratings person you notice I always
thought okay anyone see is ready what
you are doing to your competition is
incredible number one and I'm very proud
of you welcome back to am joy okay what
if I told you that the President of the
United States was really Fox News host
Sean Hannity okay wait why are you
laughing
J'son boy this was Hannity Friday night
call me would leak those very memos to a
friend who then leaked them to the New
York Times setting in wheels the motion
for commis best friend robert muller to
be appointed as a special counsel which
was his goal a mere two hours later
trump would tweet james comey illegally
leaked classified documents to the press
in order to generate a special counsel
question mark therefore the special
counsel was established based on an
illegal act from twitter to t v-- the
hannity trump mind-meld creates not just
state TV s propaganda but also the
administration's messaging on issues The
Washington Post reports that Hannity and
Trump speak often discussing ideas for
Hannity's show public policy and the
details of whatever the president is
considering typing out on Twitter and
this week we learned that they even
share the same lawyer at a hearing
Monday it was revealed that trumps
personal attorney and fixer Michael
Cohen's mystery third client was Sean
Hannity having railed against the Cohen
raids without disclosing his own
connection to Cohen Hannity fired back
at his critics with a response that
sounded all to Trumpy am i surprised by
any of this no of course not because
this is what the media in this country
does I never retained his services I
never received an invoice I never paid
Michael Cohen for legal fees I did have
occasional brief conversations with
Michael Kohn my question is exclusively
almost focused on real estate maybe the
media could try and start focusing in on
the biggest abuse of power scandal in
this country or maybe the forgotten men
and women in this country yeah
joining me today how is the editor of
the beat DC tivity cross MSNBC
contributor Gabriel Sherman senior
writer for share blue media Eric Pollard
and MSNBC political analyst Jennifer
Rubin well you know Jennifer you're at a
disadvantage not being at the table here
so I'm gonna come to you on this first
Washington Post had a piece this week
out with the headline he basically has a
desk in the place snippet from it Trump
in Hannity usually speaks several times
a week according to people familiar with
their relationship the Fox News host
whose show averaged is more than three
million viewers daily is one of the few
people who gets patched immediately to
Trump you know it are we being unfair
and saying I mean we always say you know
Fox News seems to be state media but
Nicole Wallace this week I think made a
really good point on her show is it
state media or is the media running the
state I think this is a parasitic
codependent relationship it is obviously
to get that out there a completely
inappropriate role for anyone who calls
themselves a journalist or thinks
there's a journalist or has a logo on
their screen that says news on it
this is entirely inappropriate he is
playing the role of the either an
advisor or speechwriter he is not
abiding by any possible rules of
journalism second thing is why use Trump
taking advice from this guy get someone
smarter get someone who knows something
there are lots of Republicans out there
who aren't part of this administration
in part because Donald Trump wouldn't
take them but gosh don't take advice
from this guy all those facts are wrong
he really knows nothing about the world
find somebody else even at Fox there's
Shepard Smith was actually like a real
news person so it's very disturbing as a
citizen that this would be the source of
information but you're exactly right it
is a codependent relationship there is
no division between Fox and the
administration and Fox has become a joke
I think it was for some time but I do
think that people like Shepard Smith or
people like Chris Wallace
they must be mortified and goodness
knows maybe they should find other work
because I think anyone who is a part of
Fox is gonna get tainted by this
Jennifer Jennifer Jennifer Donald Trump
cannot take he cannot he cannot take
advice from chef and from Chris well
they're not in primetime
they take advice from people in prime
that's the way that politics works I
mean Kate you are a fox ologist I mean
here is Sean Hannity who you know
sometimes seems to take more umbrage on
trumps behalf that even Trump takes for
himself yeah here he is taking
incredible umbrage on the day that his
lawyer his and Donald Trump's lawyer
Michael Cohen's office was raided and
again as you watch this viewers remember
nobody yet knew that what he's screaming
about Michael Cohen that Michael Cole
was his own lawyer take a listen Muller
is out to get the president and it
appears at any cost here's what happened
upon referral from special counselor
Robert Muller the FBI has raided the
office the home and the hotel room of
Michael Kohn Cole was never part of the
Trump administration or the Trump
campaign this is now officially an
all-hands-on-deck effort to totally
malign and if possible impeach the
president
Robert Muller is so far beyond his
mandate but the media while they're
obsessing over Michael Kohn yeah there
are really important stories to bring to
you I mean you know Fox News tolerates
essentially him being an advocate for
the president he does you know he sort
of straddles line because he's an
opinion journalist but in back in 2010
the New York Times reports that he
actually got rebuked for activism in
2010 he was yanked from a tea party
rally in Ohio after network executives
objected to his appearance in 2016
Handy's appearance at a Trump campaign
ad earned him a rebuke from the network
yeah Rupert Murdoch doesn't even like
Donald Trump why do they tolerate Sean
Hannity essentially being dum-dums
alter-ego yeah you know I think this is
a case where is crazy as this may sound
back when Roger Ailes is running Fox he
would occasionally make examples of
people not because he fundamentally
disagreed with their decisions but he
was a smart enough political strategist
to know that you needed to have somewhat
of the optics if you're gonna have that
lower bug in the corner of your screen
that says news you got to give something
to show that you care about that stuff
now the current management of Fox
they're basically just going with
whatever rates and putting Crowe Trump
programming on the air rates and Hannity
is the biggest ratings of all so you
know that is uh that's clearly the issue
in that they don't want to rebuke him
because he's you know basically
supporting their primetime lineup yeah
you have this sort of closed loop that
you could say it is across the street at
rotten Rockefeller Plaza at Fox but it
also includes the West Wing where
they're all sort of talking to the same
people at one point there was this rumor
that Donald Trump wanted to hire
Victoria tensing and her husband to be
his on his legal team they ended up
declining to do it it didn't go well but
now we find out that Hannity uses
Victoria tensing as a lawyer uses Jay
Sekulow it that who's also connected to
a little Trump this connection between
Fox and the White House it's unusual
it's unusual it's inappropriate it's
scary because not only does to
Jennifer's point he has no policy expert
and he's not skilled in anything other
than peddling conspiracy theories he's
the person who helped perpetuate this
ridiculous Obama birther movement in
2010 he was the biggest critic of
WikiLeaks and Julian Assange a few short
six years later he's their biggest
champion and I think if we're looking
for Fox to come out and punish him I
mean he makes dollars so they don't mind
that he doesn't make sense so he's gonna
continue to dominate in primetime
headlines but the scary thing I was
saying is this he has a hotline to the
White House he also has a hotline to
three million viewers every night and so
when you think about the connection
between those two things everything this
president does on a domestic and global
scale is right to appease this very
small sect of society who he considers
his base so policy moves that he's
making our foreign diplomacy everything
is coming out in such a small sect of
not only his supporters but even of the
country itself and these people are
driving policy across the globe which is
really scary because these are not
people and look ignorant is a bipartisan
issue we all as citizens need to do a
better job however for the person in
power this is a scary thing because the
people who watch them do not have
intellectual curiosity so get
information other places other than this
echo chamber that is Fox News and so
they made this group of people may
actually be the people to drive us into
a war or drive our economy into an area
that we don't want to go so you know
frightening things and because it's such
a closed loop to your point there also
may not be a sufficient cognizance of
the danger that is lurking outside of
them Mike 1190 who is the attorney for
stormy Daniels was on
Mars show on Friday and this is what he
said about Sean Hannity there's no
question in my mind there are documents
with Sean Hannity's name on them the
extent of that relationship when it
finally surfaces I think will be very
embarrassing to Sean Hannity right are
they in such a closed system that Donald
that Sean Hannity and Donal Trump may
not understand that if Trump is in
trouble if his lawyer Cohen is in
trouble
Cohen gets raided he says he only has
three clients one is Trump one is
Hannity if there are tapes right hood
Hannity's name be coming up and I mean
there is more danger here than maybe
they understand yeah Haddad he's trying
to dismiss this as a non-story because
he he wanted to hire famed real estate
attorney Michael you know everything
that we've said is is so important I
mean if this was just Trump listens to a
dopey guy with a TV show and we all
laugh at him that would be one thing I
mean I know high school students who
could offer more insights in the Middle
East and national security to Trump than
Hannity I mean the guy is a total flunky
right but this is so much more dangerous
because Hannity operates in the gutter
with these conspiracies and really it's
it's the power of personal destruction
ask Andrew McCabe and his wife what it's
like to be on the receiving end of
essentially a multimillion-dollar
year-long smear attack campaign against
private citizens Yeah right so we have
an utterly corrupt president now
aligning himself with an utterly corrupt
broadcaster we've never seen that that
is a wildly dangerous equation I mean if
Rory Cohen and Joe McArthur you were
around today they would love the Sean
Hannity show it is everything they
embodied in terms about personal
destruction and ruining people's lives
and he didn't doesn't care about
immigration and taxes or anything they
are on a war and this is dangerous this
is how authoritarian ISM creates is able
to take over democracy slowly but surely
I need a mass media wing and there's one
thing I want to point out about Hannity
that's unique to Fox is that he will
blow with whatever way the Republican
winds blow fact during the 2000s he was
one of george w bush's biggest
cheerleaders you know railroading us
into the Iraq war now you know he's been
Hannity's for the serious strikes if you
look at say Tucker Carlson or Laura
Ingraham or other sort of pro Trump
voices they were very skeptical of the
serious strikes be
cuz they care about certain ideological
issues and they may just disagree with
the president from time to time
Hannity lock stop and Barrel will never
break from Donald Trump because he's
pledged his fealty to him just like
Hannity pledged his fealty to george w
bush and Jennifer to bring you back in
here you know there are stories in the
Washington Post on that aides will
actually turn to Fox they'd rather get
the information to the president through
Fox News because he'll listen to it just
because it's on TV and to the point I
think it's good main here at the table
up there becomes a question of what it
is that's being fed to Donald Trump if
they are sort of following the old alles
playbook racial grievance grievance
against minorities and immigrants
grievance against Muslims these policy
ideas are in a very narrow scope and if
Donald Trump is listening to Sean
Hannity Alex Jones and then they're
having that feedback loop that then
extends to Sinclair broadcasting right
the Fox News on your broadcast TV do we
then I mean what is the danger to
democracy in that I guess absolutely and
I think you can't look at Donald Trump
without seeing the role that Fox played
on the right they really popularized
going down the right they popularized as
you said this white sense of grievance
that they were losing something they
popularized the notion that Hispanic
immigrants were criminals patently false
they started for him a lot of the same
themes that he actually ran on so
there's a complete compatibility the
problem is none of that comports with
reality at some point you have to deal
with the real facts on the ground the
real world and the country as it is I
would also say that you know it's really
interesting
he's been hiring from Fox now too we
have of course John Bolton where'd he
learn if John Bolton not by reading a
John Bolton book because he doesn't read
but by watching him on Fox News yeah so
he's not only listening to them he's
hiring personnel that's where he almost
hired one of us Laurie in orders so Joe
to Canada which gives to Fox News
incredible power over our country yes
yes it's a very scary thing and I would
also say when you were saying a dopey
guy with the TV show I really
legitimately wondered are you talking
about the President or Sean Hannity it
was really scary and when you think
about the
irony of Sean Hannity and Donald Trump
kind of being the voice of these
working-class people there are two New
York guys who put their entire time in a
major city these this is the voice of
the Bible Belt the working-class people
in a Bible Belt it doesn't predict you
it doesn't and he's flying a private
plane yeah he only has his own jet he's
makes about twenty million dollars a
year I mean this is a guy who clearly
doesn't walk in the shoes of Donald
Trump's face
yeah absolute if aney staying with us
Gabriel Sherman thank you very much Eric
Bullard thank you very much Jennifer
Rubin thank you very much you guys have
a happy Sunday goes yourselves a nice
boozy brunch coming up Virginia then
Alabama then Pennsylvania the dominoes
are falling for Republicans in places
Donald Trump won by huge margins
double-digit margins and Arizona would
be next
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
