everyone assumes that I love politics
the contest of it the personal drama the
real test of character of courage that
politics often demands but there's one
part of politics that I truly detest
it's the corrupting corrosive humanely
destructive conceit that the ends
justify the means which brings me to
Donald Trump in what happened today to
say there is no connection between what
Trump has said about Hillary Clinton
Barack Obama Eric Holder John Brennan
and CNN and the thinking of the person
who sent those pipe bombs is foolhardy
we're about to mark Halloween and one of
our great traditions it is because it's
all about saying boo of giving someone a
little fright so they can enjoy the
moment of relief that follows the
realization it wasn't real sending pipe
bombs is in saying boo it's political
terrorism saying that people are evil is
in saying you disagree with them and
saying we would be better off without
them the means don't justify them at the
ends if the means are stirring up
attempted pipe bombings of the people
you're demeaning and as of tonight NBC
News is reporting that explosive devices
were sent to at least five public
figures the similarity of the pipe bombs
as well as the packaging's contained
containing them indicate a carefully
planned but ultimately fortunately
unsuccessful endeavor but it's the
nature of the intended recipients that
suggests this is an act of political
terrorism and that's because the targets
are a who's who a president Trump's
enemies list the first bomb was found at
the mailbox a billionaire activist
George Soros on Monday and today bombs
went to the Obamas and the Clintons in
Washington and New York they were
intercepted by the Secret Service
a bomb intended for former attorney
General Eric Holder went to a bogus
return address landing in Florida at the
office of US congresswoman debbie
Wasserman Schultz
meanwhile a suspicious package sent to
congresswoman Maxine Waters was inter
intercepted at a mail facility but
investigators have not confirmed its
contents and a bomber addressed to
former CIA director John Brennan was
delivered to CNN's headquarters up in
New York CNN
was covering the wave of suspicious
packages when they were forced to
evacuate their building and here's what
happened
that moment this morning these are no
longer suspicious packages the FBI is
saying that they were rudimentary but
functional that means they were
explosive devices and to have
projectiles and that's a excuse me that
sounds like a fire alarm here we'll keep
you posted on that but to have
projectiles that that is a feature you
will often see in bombs the terrorists
use in Afghanistan elsewhere Isis has
used that kind of bomb before - okay
we're gonna jump in there's a fire here
you might have heard in the background
we're gonna find out what the latest is
we're gonna be right back
reacting to the news today the president
CNN Jeff Zucker blasted the White House
saying quote there is a total and
complete lack of understanding at the
White House about the seriousness of
their continued attacks on the media the
President and especially the White House
press secretary should understand that
their words matter thus far they have
shown no comprehension of that while all
of the intended recipients of the bombs
have been on the receiving end of the
president's attacks Trump held his
tongue today in addressing the
developments here is as we speak the
packages are being inspected by top
explosive experts and a major federal
investigation is now underway we will
spare no resources or expense in this
effort and I just want to tell you that
in these times we have to unify we have
to come together and send one very clear
strong unmistakable message that acts or
threats of political violence of any
kind have no place in the United States
of America why is it today the FBI is
still investigating and senior bomb
technicians briefed on the case said the
aspiring bomber that all the components
buy the necessary to set up a successful
explosion so it was a real bomb and
generally right now is Democratic
Senator Richard Blumenthal Connecticut
Citadel Percy a Republican strategist
Malcolm NASA MSNBC terrorism analyst and
Shannon petty pieces of White House
correspondent from Bloomberg News I want
to start with Malcolm on this this is
your line of country Malcolm and NBC's
determined that this had all the makings
of a bomb
it could have killed people well you're
absolutely right what we had happen
today was what we would call a bombing
campaign and let's not make any mistake
this is a terrorist bombing campaign
these were attempted murders of
high-ranking figure figures and
apparently the target set was one
particular political party it remains to
be seen what the motivation of the
bomber actually was and the most
important thing that can happen right
now is this bomber needs to be tracked
down he has not just the devices that he
sent but he has a bomb factory somewhere
which maybe somewhere someplace
dangerous and he may be a threat to law
enforcement like we saw in the bomber
earlier this year who blew himself up
when police tried to get him but that's
what we're up against right now the
attempted murder of senior political
operatives former government operatives
in the United States you said there's a
question mark still in your head about
the motive isn't it politics well
apparently you know we have this saying
you know the the target is the tactic so
when you look at the individuals that he
tried to target you know he selected
these package bombs some of which were
delivered by courier one of which may
have been delivered by hand himself and
then knowing that the bomb would go out
and be screened by screening facilities
it tells us that he really wanted an
intimidation campaign I say he we don't
know whether it's he or she but he
wanted an intimidation campaign that was
really targeted against at least half of
this nation let me go to the senator I
think your senator Blumenthal thank you
for joining us we seem to have you on
too often on these occasions but we want
you here
this is what it is to me is apparently
the definition of what happened here is
the list of those intended targets I
mean George Soros who goes to bed at
night worrying about him except somebody
on the right who knows he's on the left
and don't like him because of it or who
goes red worried about Eric Holder who's
not even a G anymore he's Manning
because he's on the he's on a
progressive left and he wants to do
things about voter suppression they
don't like that or it's Hillary lock her
up Hillary it's these are the people
they always dream of hurting your
thoughts at least politically and make
no mistake the
targets here were political this act of
terrorism a terrorist attack was not
only on those individuals and groups but
also on our democracy and our
Constitution a classic instance of
political intimidation inciting fear not
just doing destruction to them but
potentially to innocent people who may
have been handling the mail and set off
those bombs if the president's really
serious about leading and unifying he
knows what not to say what not to do
including not condoning or supporting a
congressman who bodyslams a member of
the press not condoning and supporting
terrorists who kill people in
charlottesville not supporting his
rallying supporters tonight who yell
lock her up and not encouraging them to
go after members of the press his
trademarks have been bullying and
intimidation and vitriol can breed
violence
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
