they've been saying I'm going to get rid
of them for the last three months four
months five months and they're still
here so we want to get the investigation
over with put it behind us good morning
and welcome to am joy on the first day I
mean on the day that first former first
lady barbara Bush was laid to rest at a
memorial where former president and the
current First Lady Melania Trump were
present Melania lighting up the internet
with a happy smile looking happier than
we've possibly ever seen her Donald
Trump golfed for three and a half hours
at his course in Florida before watching
the funeral on the TV from what he very
much wants you to call his southern
White House Trump apparently took some
time to do some other things that he
enjoys he trashed New York Times
reporter Maggie Haberman and a Twitter
tirade he tweeted that he didn't know
who mr. magoo is and then he went after
James Comey for revealing explosive
details about the rump to his firing you
know the usual which is to say the Cohen
drama the Comey drama the failing New
York Times it's all getting to Donald
Trump and if he's scared maybe there's a
reason why joining me now is a JD on
MSNBC contributor and co-author of One
Nation after Trump Clint Watts MSNBC
national security analyst and author of
messin with the enemy writer and
commentator on new shows sane Natasha
Behr Trond
of the Atlantic thank you all for being
here I'll start here at the table Donald
Trump EJ seems to be particularly
agitated I don't think he meant Nessa
was upset that he didn't get to go to
the funeral he and Barbara Bush in the
bushes didn't exactly have a great
relationship and he said out of respect
for them he wouldn't go but he did seem
to fill his time with a lot of agitation
what did you make of the sort of all
over the place
agitated Trump yesterday it should we
should remark on the fact that the
family of the former president did not
really want the current president down
there that's a remarkable thing yeah all
by itself but I think the raid on
Cohen's office has really disturbed if
not unaged him yeah because the amount
of information that could be there not
only that bears very directly on whether
their what his role was if any in
Russian meddling in our election but
also on his whole
empire on all of these personal
relationships charges of abuse those are
all there and the reason he was so upset
with Maggie Haberman story and it was
really good for Maggie
I love Maggie and I was happy to see
Trump attack her because it's good for
her is that he's really worried that
Cohen may turn on him day after day
after day have stories that he could
start cooperating with Muller that would
be a nightmare for Donald Trump and I
think that's I don't know if a nightmare
can I guess that's what's waking him up
at all right and for those who didn't
read the story yesterday Pulitzer Prize
winning reporter Maggie Haberman
reporting that Kohan Mike Michael Cohen
Donald Trump's longtime fixer / lawyer
may indeed flip that the loyalty that
Trump expects may not be there for him
in the end Clint another piece it was in
the New York Times yesterday that I
thought was very interesting the the two
gentlemen who started fusion GPS Peter
fridge and Glenn Simpson wrote an op-ed
in which they sort of speculated about
what they think actually could bring
down Donald Trump and of course they are
the ones who hired Christopher Steele
the former mi6 agent I'll read just a
little bit of it says the most
significant recent development involving
the president maybe that's the special
counsel Robert Muller has subpoenaed
Trump organization business records as
part of his inquiry into Russian
interference in the presidential
election those documents and records
recently seized by the FBI from the
president's personal lawyer the
aforementioned Michael Cohen might
answer a question raised by the
president's critics have certain real
estate investors use Trump branded
properties to launder the proceeds of
criminal activity around the world it is
indeed we talk about the stormy Daniels
issues and all the rest is Donald
Trump's business empire and what it did
after he declared bankruptcy and then
came back with lots of foreign money is
that where the real paralyze for him yes
throughout this whole thing and I think
that's why you see the president react
so strongly he talked about his version
of red lines yeah you know mostly
presidents focus on red lines in foreign
policy focuses on his own businesses
yeah and what he's saying is is don't go
there I think because he knows it's a
vulnerability the Special Counsel
investigation the biggest risk to the
president has always been other crimes
discovered during the course of the
investigation and that's really what
you're seeing play out with this Cohen
affair it's these side issues that pop
up that really can take him down much
more than the collusion or even
obstruction angles
yeah just a little nugget about Michael
: that I thought was interesting friend
sent this to me this morning Cohen was
drawn to politics is a Washington Post
piece about when Michael Cohen ran for
the City Council in New York Cohen was
drawn to politics first as a Democrat
volunteering for the 1988 presidential
campaign of Michael Dukakis and then as
a Republican losing a 2003 bid for City
Council in a candidate questionnaire for
the New York race Cohen touted his
appointment by Republican Governor
George Pataki to a Transit board quote
where I serve as a public watchdog
against corruption in government as for
his other New York City accomplishments
Cohen wrote that among his achievements
he had hectored a local coffee shop into
better managing its trash Natasha
Barrett Ron Michael Cohen is an
interesting figure here because the
question of whether or not he would in a
sense go to prison for Donald Trump that
is what is at issue can you tell us just
based on your reporting what's the state
of that relationship well it's well
known that the president has since he
met Michael Cohen pretty much treated
him like absolute garbage Michael Cohen
has been extremely loyal to the
president if you walk into his office in
30 rock he has essentially a shrine to
the president he has paraphernalia from
the inauguration he has photos of
himself with the president he really
really admires and looks up to and
borderline worships Trump and in
exchange he's really gotten nothing I
mean the president did not give him a
place on the campaign the president did
not make a place for him in the
administration and whether or not Cohen
resents that if he does he's hidden it
very very well but of course now the
question will be whether her not Cohen
gets his revenge so to speak because he
of course now holds all the leverage he
holds all the cards whereas the
president at one point it did hold all
the leverage over Michael Cohen because
of course he employed him and Cohen was
extremely loyal to the president now
it's Cohen who has all of the business
records who that has been taken by the
FBI in this raid he knows pretty much
everything about the deals that were
struck by the Trump Organization in
places like Russia Panama
you know Kazakhstan Azerbaijan all of
these places where the deals could have
been corrupt and could maybe put the
Trump Organization and their fourth
Trump and a lot of legal peril Cohen has
everything in his pocket right now and
Trump it's really interesting seemed to
yesterday say that if Cohen did flip on
him he said that he wasn't sure that he
would but if he did it would be all
stories and lies anything that Cohen had
to say because of course the Special
Counsel or the Southern District of New
York will be placing pressure on him and
no one wants to go to prison so he was
kind of laying the groundwork to say
well if Cohen does start talking none of
it is going to be true
yeah and Anousheh it is interesting how
you know Donald Trump wanted to be
President because he wanted the prestige
but presumably that he always craved as
the Queen's rich kid who wanted the
Manhattan elite to respect him and now
it does seem that sort of all the murky
world of trumps New York sort of
business associations and just his
associations generally are really coming
back to haunt and Maggie Haberman may be
trolling Trump a little bit too also
tweeted yesterday that Trump has been
afraid of Roger stone for years he's now
got Michael Cohen who could potentially
flip on him he's got Paul Manafort out
there who who knows whether he might
start cooperating it does feel like the
walls might be closing in yeah
definitely and you know I think Trump
was so focused on just winning and
getting into this office but he wasn't
thinking about all the responsibilities
that come with the job of being the
president of the United States and I
feel like his presidency so far has been
giving us I mean Joey I feel like at the
end of Donald Trump presidency whatever
that might be we might all be unofficial
lawyers it's like law school 101 he's
really giving us not only a tour of the
US legal system but also the checks and
balances of power that on American
political power and how strong they're
gonna hold up and one thing I really
want to quickly talk about is that if
the secret sealed indictment really does
exist I just want to say I have so much
anxiety about what Trump is gonna do
with Muller but if this secret sealed
indictment does really exist
one thing is clear we don't need to
worry about Muller even if he is fired
this investigation is going to go on
well for those who are not caught up on
that issue let me read a little bit from
a political very provocative Saturday
piece in Politico in which they said the
following fortunately a while he retains
his position Muller has a powerful tool
at his disposal the sealed or secret
indictment if Muller indeed
that he has a strong case against Trump
a secret indictment returned by a grand
jury will help protect the integrity of
his investigation even if he is fired
while also avoiding the risk of
provoking Trump to try to further impede
the probe one more little piece from
that Politico article just for those who
haven't read it yet will put it up on
our social media as well if Trump were
to fire Muller an already filed sealed
indictment would outlast Muller's tenure
the sealed indictment can only be
dismissed by a judge
meaning Trump cannot rid himself of a
legal headache simply by terminating the
special counsel a sealed indictment
would also ensure that the statute of
limitations for crimes Trump might be
charged with will not expire this leaves
open the possibility of Trump being
tried in the future Clint I have to come
to you on that the idea that you have an
FBI open investigation of multiple Trump
people but right now we don't know that
Trump we know that Trump is considered
not a target but a subject of the
investigation um could you foresee a
time when we don't know he shifts to
being a target and the grand jury
decides yeah we see crimes here
committed by the president United States
sealed indictment that could happen at
any moment because you don't know what
other witnesses or others that are
cooperating with the investigation might
be saying and so that could shift that
balance at any moment the other thing
that's interesting is they've asked for
interviews it sounds like with the
president the president hasn't exactly
agreed to it yet so if they can't verify
certain information or you get a
counterpoint they may actually then
start to move in that direction towards
the target because he's not providing
information but I think the one thing
that's important to remember in all of
this is we've seen sealed indictments
show up there before we don't know
what's happening and then months later
you know we've seen subjects sort of
come out into the open and Indian public
it's possible right now that there could
be many people or many other sources out
there that have already been indicted or
under sealed inside and I thought what's
important I agree with with Clinton and
I think what's important about this is
what the Saturday night massacre under
Nixon showed us is that a president can
try to stop a train like this but he
can't succeed it's very hard there's a
lot of stuff on the record there are a
lot of people investigating this and I
think if he did ever fire Mullah
residents in there would first be an
extraordinary outpouring not from
Republicans who are still trying to
protect
lots of other people and a few
Republicans but there is too much that
has already gone on for Trump to
completely stop this in his tracks and
natasha one of the price might be a
quiet one it might be Jefferson
Beauregard sessions leaving the precious
I mean he seems to be having a grand
time being Attorney General he gets to
pursue immigration policies he's wanted
to pursue for a very long time shutting
down non-european immigration going
after weed he seems to really have an
issue with marijuana and he's pursuing
all that stuff with with with augusto
and yet sessions has indicated that if
rod Rosen Stein would be fired it would
prompt him to have to leave if you then
had that sort of Saturday night Massacre
scenario where Trump is having to fire
people as one person said down to the
person who pushes a mop at justice until
he can find somebody who will end the
Muller probe how far are you hearing in
your reporting could this go would Trump
be willing to for instance try to pardon
himself I mean what are they
contemplating in the White House at this
point I genuinely wonder whether or not
sessions would actually resign if rod
Rosenstein was fired I think it's a very
it was a very easy thing for sessions to
say and his phone call with Don McCain
the White House Counsel a couple weeks
ago or last week but sessions has a lot
of leverage right now and I've actually
written about this curious case in which
sessions has really provoked the ire of
Donald Trump arguably more than anyone
over the last year and yet he continues
to hold his job we've seen that Trump is
is very loose when it comes to firing
cabinet officials but sessions has
managed to stay on and a big part of
that is because it's just political
right I mean sessions has a lot of
support among Republicans and firing him
would really you know be to the
detriment of Trump support among the
base but you know there's also this
question of well if draws rod Rosenstein
is fired
who's going to fire Bob Muller and that
is an open question whether or not
anyone's actually going to take the heat
like rod did when he when Rosen Stein
did when he wrote that letter to fire
Jim Comey that was a very very
controversial move whether or not anyone
wants to be in that position is really
really unlikely yeah tick tick tick tick
tick that's just
it's more and more weird and interesting
as time goes on we haven't even
mentioned Giuliani joining the team
we'll get to at another Dame and my pen
broke see that's how exciting it wasn't
actually broke I broke my pen writing
notes Giuliani's fault it's to EJ Dionne
quit watt the news they explained it
Cybertron happy Sunday to all of you
thank you thank you for coming up on am
joy one of the world's most to pets
Jewess leaders is about to meet face to
face with one of the world's most
notorious dictators and try to work out
a deal on nukes ha ha
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
