as long as a handful of rich and
powerful people control that government
they're gonna make it work for
themselves what I want to see is I want
to see that people take back that
government and I want to see that people
make that government work to them each
day is a very long time they don't want
us to wait until 2020 to figure out and
solve some of the problems they're
experiencing they want that to happen
now and people in a position of
leadership if they're really leaders I
think have to be focused on what we need
to do right now if you're hoping to win
the Democratic nomination for president
there are a few things you have to do
write an autobiographical book appear on
the sunday shows to get your name ID out
there and maybe zero in on a signature
issue or two and seek an audience with
the Reverend Al Sharpton and while 2020
may seem like a long way off prospective
Democratic nominees are already getting
the Sharpton primary in gear
several likely prospects have been
spotted at the National Action network's
convention this week here in New York
City ahead of the convention Reverend
owl sat down with potential 2020
candidate former Vice President Joe
Biden if Donald Trump gets by the Mulla
investigation Joe Biden against Donald
Trump is really about the soul of
America I would just say we are
fundamentally different and joining me
now is the Reverend Al Sharpton founder
and president of the National Action
Network and host of MSNBC's politics
nation rev good morning okay I want to
put another lequip from your Joe Biden
interview in which you got to the point
of it which is whether he's gonna run
and what would make him run they've now
said it's voter fraud they said that
foreigners were voting there as they've
said that it's a lie all of that it's a
flat lie the assertion the president
made in the beginning is a flat lie
every study every program every every
Commission looked at it said simply not
true number one as part of the big lie
okay that wasn't the clip let's play the
clip of Joe Biden on whether he's gonna
run what would make Joe Biden
really consider running in 2024 present
I'm really hoping that some other folks
step up I think we have some really good
people Rev I know Barak always asked me
that question and he said what's going
to make the decision I got to be able to
look in the mirror and if I walk away no
I'm not walking away because I'm afraid
or I'm worried about losing or that I
just don't want to take on the
responsibility I got to walk away
knowing that it is there's somebody who
can do it and can win because that we
got a win we've got to win in 2020 did
you get the sense that Joe Biden thinks
there's someone other than him that can
win I think that he has not clearly seen
who that is yet and I think that
troubles him I think when he thinks
about how a lot of what he and President
Obama achieved from the Affordable Care
cross the board is being very much
targeted to be dismantled I think he
feels personally as well as his whole
public life is on the line in terms of a
lot of things he did and he wants to
make sure we can win and I think if he
does not become convinced someone can do
it he may try to convince his family to
let him do it yeah I have no way of
knowing where that will end up yeah but
that's the sense I guess there's a long
history of people who wind up in the
White House speaking at the National
Action Network conference President
Obama did when he was Senator Obama now
you this year have a lot of people that
a lot of folks are focused on Kamala
Harris might be the most prominent you
all said kirsten gillibrand there but
let's play Kamala Harris his interview
with you and talk about her on the other
side the offices that truly make a
difference every day include these
congressional offices include these
Senate offices and right now we've got a
lot of people up in 2018 in November
just 200 days from now and we've got to
make sure that we do the right thing
with those elections Kamala Harris
probably has the most sort of Obama like
height around her but she isn't that
well-known and other than her really
great questioning on the dais as a
senator do you
since beyond that some sort of fire in
the belly or an X Factor that could make
her a 2020 prospect you know I've sensed
yesterday a real passion
Campbell Harris book yesterday Cory
Booker Elizabeth Warren Bernie Sanders
Andrew Cuomo's the other day all of them
have come and won because not a shopton
primary but that's what the media calls
its Nash Action network's convention it
ends today and they have to have the
black vote and we are one of the
organizations as is the n-double-a-cp
and Urban League but we could be first
because we convene in April because we
try to do it in a month dr. King was
killed because we're King based group
and they can't win without the black
vote I felt a real passion from Camelot
Harris about really fighting for issues
like criminal justice as well as the
economy and other things and we made it
clear she was a prosecutor we may not
agree on everything right but I think
she really wanted that audience who's
from around the country civil rights
activists to understand that she will
give access I remember we started this
in 2000 we got the first televised
debate of democratic primaries and in
Harlem at the Apollo and then I ran a
note for them we started no seven as you
said everybody from Hillary to Obama was
there Obama was not as well-known right
he became yeah and he won in terms of
National Action Network forms of the
difference because and look where he
went and I'm not saying it's because he
came to us but he really did I think it
is empowering in our community when our
national organizations can say to people
don't take us for granted come in front
of us explain to us where you are where
we agree where we disagree on our issues
particularly now George because under
Trump he has marginalize our issues
Trump is not tweeted about Starbucks
Trump has not tweeted about stephane
o'clock an unarmed black man killed in
Sacramento if it was left up to them we
would not even be in the discussion
yesterday help bring us into the
discussion yeah and I think that you
can't solve problems as long as you have
them ignored yeah absolutely I have to I
would be remiss if I didn't ask you
about Rudy Giuliani somebody that you
have known for a very long time and it's
just Donald Trump for a long time what
do you make of his entrance into this
whole fray with Donald Trump's legal
team I think it's cover I think that
when when Rudy Giuliani came in and said
he can try to tie this up in two weeks
he can then come back two weeks later
and say these people are being
inflexible these people are unreasonable
and Rosenstein should be fired now
here's a guy who was an official in the
Justice Department who headed the US
Attorney's Office that just raided
Michael Cohen so he gives Trump the
cover to go after Rosenstein as somebody
cuz he could say while I'm listening to
Giuliani who served in that role I think
it's covered and it gives them a way to
try to deal with this I do not think any
of them feel that Rudy Giuliani can
settle this in two weeks why would you
hire Rudy Giuliani and two other lawyers
if you thought it was gonna be over in
two weeks nobody hires three lawyers I
thought that it was getting ready to be
brought to a close yeah I have to go
back just a moment to the Democratic
Party because there is this constant
debate within at least the elite circles
or maybe justice the chat circles about
whether or not Democrats really
understand that they need to deal with
issues of race and not just pivot to try
to win back white working-class voters I
mean I mean one of the reasons that
people do come to the National Action
Network as you say every you know and in
a head of these races is that they have
to at least go before the black
community and explain how they relate to
these issues but do you think that deep
down in that the Democratic Party really
understands that I don't and I think
that's why it's important we confront
the candidates early and often
especially in the midterm elections
local candidates we're coming up with an
agenda after two sessions today and
we're all working together this
afternoon
patrisse cullors from black lives matter
and I have an intergenerational
conversation with our youth leader 20
year old Mary Pat Hector we're all
trying to find ways that we have
different tactics disagreements till we
work together cause we don't want to see
people pivot and say all right we're not
going to do
with your issues like because we're
going to the white community at the
expense of you yes we need white
working-class people to understand that
we're not adverse with the interest that
can be common but we have distinct
issues based on race and you can't
sacrifice us for that the triangulation
strategy that the Democrats used in 92
cannot be tolerated in 2020 let me be
real I mean actually tomorrow what do
you have on tomorrow you do you have on
I have all I do I show tomorrow the
interviews that I did with each of the
candidates okay on politics nation in
the morning you can see the in-depth
interview because I went after them on
specifics and I wanted them to tell us
why we can trust that they will do this
so I had Bernie Sanders camera Hera's
Elizabeth Warren Gillibrand have them
all on in the morning to play today
because as they spoke I brought them in
and sat down with them like Joe Biden
before I let you go I have to ask you
this question whether or not you feel
like I mean when you were fighting with
Rudy Giuliani it was a civil rights
organization fighting a pretty hostile
administration I think it's fair to say
what advice would you give to national
you know young civil rights emerging
civil rights leaders fighting a hostile
administration in Washington said you've
got to be unrelenting
you've got to be persistent you can't
have one or two realities and think
they're gonna back up these people are
gonna dig in and fight with all they
have and you've got to make alliances
with everyone you can and go in for the
long haul and we all have different
lanes and you need everybody in their
lane there is no one way and I think
that a lot of them sometimes become too
purist and if it's not their way after
there's something wrong with it work
your lane but also don't try and and
make a quick turn and jam somebody
else's Lane cuz we all hit it the same
place
absolutely and never more important time
for these candidates to come and talk to
the african-american community talk to a
civil rights organization National
Action Network doing it thank you very
much very appreciated thank you ever now
Sharpton and again do not miss tomorrow
at 8:00 a.m. Eastern right here on MSNBC
politics nation where you can
look at that those are for the people
probably all running coming up we're
moments away from the funeral former
first lady barbara Bush and we'll take a
look at her life and legacy after break
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
