North Korea announced tonight that that
country has suspended nuclear and
long-range missile tests and that it
will also shut down its nuclear test
site it's a development of note in
what's been an extremely tense situation
ahead of those planned negotiations
between the Trump administration and
Pyongyang president Trump wrote on
Twitter these words quote North Korea
has agreed to suspend all nuclear tests
and close up a major test site this is
very good news for North Korea and the
world big progress look forward to our
summit here to talk about a Joe
Cirincione president of Ploughshares
fund and author of nuclear nightmares
securing the world before it is too late
a book we thought might be appropriate
to put on the screen and Jeremy bash
former chief of staff at the CIA and the
Pentagon is also an MSNBC national
security analyst Joe I'm trying to not
be naive when I ask who believes the
north is going to dien nuclear rise
because we asked them to we're a long
way from denuclearization and if Donald
Trump thinks he's going to go to the
summit and come back with Kim jong-un's
nuclear weapons in the cargo hold of Air
Force One he's delusional
but the arrows are starting to point in
the right direction with today's
announcements the odds went up that the
summit will happen at all and the odds
weren't up that it might be a successful
summit what does Kim want Kim wants this
summit to happen he wants the validation
the legitimacy that would be conveyed by
him meeting with the President of the
United States so he is throwing out a
lot of carrots to Donald Trump to
convince him to come and in the process
he's making some gains for us in US
national security he's agreed to end
long-range nuclear weapons test a great
long-range missile test nuclear tests
shut the Webster clear sight is this
good this is great as a reversible yes
but it's if you want somebody to
denuclearize the first thing you have to
do is stop them from going forward and
that's partially what happened today
that point you made about their craving
validation Donald Trump has
that tenfold in discussing him so much
and talking about him even in giving him
a derisive nickname it kept him in the
discussion that's right but those
nicknames we're a long way from dotard
and Rocket Man now yeah you saw a
president Trump's tweet today he was he
was right it was respectful it was
diplomatic we see a diplomatic process
going and why is this happening Kim is
driving it kim jongwan is a lot smarter
than he looks he's handled this
brilliantly he's driving the process he
said in the agenda he's got a summit for
the first time with the South Korean
president next week a week from tonight
and this is all building a momentum that
may be irresistible for the president of
the United States
hey Jeremy bash as they as they say we
have this just in to us from mar-a-lago
big night there and you would think
someone's watching TV from the Twitter
account this just came out a minute ago
a message from Kim jong-un North Korea
will stop nuclear tests and launches of
intercontinental ballistic missiles also
will shut down a nuclear test site in
the country's northern side to prove the
vow to suspend nuclear tests progress
being made for all Jeremy your turn well
nobody's smarter than Joseph and Sione
on these issues and I agree with his
overall take I think there are reasons
though even though we're on the right
track the diplomatic track to drive
under a yellow caution flag first of all
he is not the North Korean dictator is
not giving up his nuclear weapons he's
merely saying I have enough testing data
I have all of my weapons I may even have
the ability to deliver to the United
States we don't know that for certain
and therefore I don't need to do further
testing in order to maintain my
deterrent capability and I agree with
Joe we're a long way away from the end
result that we all need which is
effectively North Korea dismantling its
nuclear program second is the North
Koreans have made these promises in the
past and everybody knows that in the
mid-2000s they made similar promises to
get rid of their program they cheated
and they proceeded along a very
dangerous path and third I worry that
the way the summit is being set up here
Brian is that Kim jong-un has grabbed
the initiative he's going to put us on
the defensive demand concessions from us
and then f1
willing to make them we look like we're
not going forward with the diplomatic
track
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
