let's call them the little things that
we're still getting used to about this
presidency take for example the tone and
tenor the subject matter and content and
spelling of the president's tweets and
it's true we really shouldn't refer to
them as tweets that diminishes what they
are which is short presidential
statements they may be at times ill
fought out they may be done on the fly
and at all hours but the folks at real
press SEC BOTS on Twitter they may have
the right idea they present each Twitter
utterance by this president reformatted
as an official statement by the
president laid out on letterhead the way
statements from the president used to
look the problems today were spelling
errors and the wrong name we have
already this hour recorded tonight's two
misspellings of the word council as in
special council and earlier today you
could hear English teachers all across
the country saying in unison if you're
gonna call the former FBI director Shady
James Comey spell shady correctly
without the e it has still not been
corrected tonight it was Florida
congresswoman and former DNC had Wendy
Wasserman Schultz the problem with that
is her name is Debbie wasserman-schultz
while it was later corrected Maggie
Haberman of the New York Times wondered
if the president was perhaps thinking of
the late great New York playwright Wendy
Wasserstein and while we may never know
it's all a part of a new dynamic this
still new world of the Trump presidency
as yet another weak in the trump
presidency comes to an end a week that
included a statement of condolence after
the death of Barbara Bush that was dated
last year
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
