Imre Melbourne for lawrence o'donnell
tonight and we begin this Friday night
with breaking news it's basically a
blueprint of what a Saturday night
massacre would look like in the Trump
era the news is this Jeff Sessions
warning the White House he will do
something if Donald Trump tries to take
control the Millar probe by firing
molars boss Deputy Attorney General Rod
Rosenstein and the news is that sessions
says explicitly he might quit over that
which is exactly the kind of move that
can change a single personnel decision
into yes a massacre Washington Post
reported night sessions went through the
official channels called the White House
Counsel this was just last weekend
breaking tonight as Trump's fury at
Rosenstein peaked after approving that
FBI raid on the president's personal
attorney Michael Cohen now there's
actually a lot packed into just that
sentence first
the idea of corrupt intent that people
in this administration people who are
loyal to Trump are worried Trump would
fire Muller's boss over a lawful raid of
the president's lawyer now remember a
president does have the power to fire
DOJ officials for almost any reason
except an illegal reason except an
obstructive reason the post goes on to
explain sessions thinking a source
saying he wanted to convey the untenable
position that Trump firing Rosenstein
would put him in would put sessions in
untenable is a careful word maybe a
euphemism because it may be more than
untenable for sessions if he has reason
to know that a firing is taking place
for an illegal reason and he stands by
as that happens at the DOJ that he is
still in charge of well that could lead
to his own problems his own criminal
liability and whatever one thinks of
Jeff Sessions who's served of course is
a federal prosecutor he does know by the
time Watergate was all over Nixon's
attorney general served nineteen months
in prison as for the reporting tonight
of Trump official adds quote sessions
does not like the way Rosenstein has
been treated by the President and
expressed such concern for months now
this report notes that as Trump has
moved towards firing Miller he's also
been on the verge of firing the Deputy
Attorney General and then look at this
Vox also reporting that
Trump has been questioning sessions and
FBI director Chris Rea on January 22nd
about why two senior officials from the
FBI Peter's struck and Lisa Paige were
still in their posts Rock and Paige of
course the FBI agents who had exchanged
these private messages criticizing Trump
Box reports that Trump was pressing his
appointees to work more aggressively to
uncover derogatory information within
the FBI files to turn over to
congressional Republicans working to
discredit struck and Paige now that just
makes Trump look bad but it's not just
reporting in Vox because this ties back
to what I was just discussing with
Rachel and what James Comey has been
discussing the newly leaked memos he
wrote which reveal at the time how Trump
was consumed with targeting FBI
officials he saw as a threat which
included commis deputy Andy McCabe and
it turns out the official lisa page
because she was the same chief counsel
that Comey cited in his testimony while
we're counting Trump's efforts to lift
the cloud and short-circuit the probe
into his White House who did you talk
with about that lifting the cloud
stopping the investigation back at the
FBI and what was their response I
discussed the lifting the cloud in the
request with the senior leadership team
who in typically and I think in all
these circumstances was the deputy
director my chief of staff the general
counsel the deputy directors chief
counsel and I think in a number of
circumstances the number three in the
FBI and that deputy directors chief
counsel is Lisa page reading again from
Vox Trump's efforts to discredit struck
and Paige came after Trump was advised
last summer by his then criminal defense
attorney John Dowd Paige was a likely
witness against him and Special Counsel
Miller's investigation into whether
Trump obstructed justice
so Trump knew that Paige might be a
potential witness against him and that
they say hasn't been previously reported
or known so Donald Trump trying to
discredit and remove Lisa Paige before
she could become a witness which is the
same playbook against mccabe much of
which is now freshly corroborated by
these newly released Comey memos joining
me by phone here in the last
we're live tonight is one of those
journalists who broke this big Jeff
Sessions story tonight Rosalind
Halderman just a political
investigations and Enterprise reporter
for The Washington Post why do you think
this is coming out now well this is
quite fresh and I think what happened
was you might remember this time last
week there was great feeling like
president Trumbull could make a move
against Rod Rosenstein any minute
people were kind of expecting it and
there's in this week kind of a skimming
of that expectation and some question as
to why we don't know for certain that
this conversation from the Attorney
General played a role but it does seem
as though the president came to
understand that firing rod Rosen's side
would create an enormous political
firestorm that in many ways that was not
substantively easier than firing Bob
mower something he has obviously given
some thought to as well does your
reporting suggests that this could be an
improper firing you know that's an
interesting idea that perhaps the
Attorney General is concerned about that
that does go somewhat beyond what our
reporting shows as of now let me put it
another way because I want to give you
the benefit of expounding on it I was
exploring in our lead which was based on
your reporting this word of art that you
have in the article that Jeff Sessions
reportedly for from your sources would
find this position untenable and so I
wonder what's the basis of untenable
because as we've discussed as you know
reporting the stories just like I do
presidents can fire most of their top
people for almost any reason I wouldn't
think that a appropriate and lawful
firing would be untenable right our
understanding is he was concerned that
it was a bad idea politically a bad idea
would create enormous public pressure on
the Department of Justice and enormous
uproar that would interfere with his
ability to to serve after all Rob Rosen
sign is his deputy he played a role to
play a hot hand and helping to select
him
that's our that's our best understanding
though of course the notion that it
would be perceived as yet another
attempt to potentially interfere in the
investigation certainly I think everyone
who works in the White House and the
Department of Justice are very aware of
those questions what is the significance
of the Michael Cohen raid in the mind of
the president if that for him is so
scary that it would trigger him doing
the very thing that everyone including
some of his his loyalist allies on
television have been pleading with him
not to do Alan Dershowitz was on the
beat earlier this week he is a loyal
defender of Trump on collusion among
other things other other issues and he
is pleading with him not to fire
Rosenstein yeah all the reporting shows
that the president was deeply rattled by
by that development deeply concerned
deeply angry believed across some kind
of redline you know on the other hand
it's now been you know what nearly two
weeks since it occurred and but this is
a president who has a history of venting
loudly vocally about various people
about various developments that anger
him and his that dick does not always
result in action in Hill it does until
it does Rosalind Hillerman with the big
story tonight thanks for calling in the
last word hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
