as I was discussing with Rachel tonight
we're now exactly one day out from
Congress leaking James commis memos
which Republicans had demanded from the
DOJ which is a lot like the kind of leak
that Trump allies typically complain
about so how is it playing well by some
accounts the leak blowing up in trumps
face over at Fox News though the focus
has been more on what the memos aren't
really about investigative findings on
collusion more so than what they were
about this is a big big beginning to the
end of what has been a which on from
pretty much day one there's not a piece
of information from James Comey that
suggests there was any Russian collusion
there is absolutely no evidence here of
any obstruction of justice you told the
president I don't leak just before he
stuffed knotless yeah good question many
wait the memos do have at least four big
takeaways one whatever you think of
commis judgment he's got a good memory
the memos do match his testimony which
match his book to whatever you think of
Trump's politics he's inconsistent and
not reliable
according to Comey because the memos
show internal contradiction and
misleading statements by Trump three
whatever one thinks to the dossier Trump
was clearly obsessed with certain parts
of it and four and finally whatever one
thinks of the collusion question we do
see in the memos that Trump wanted to
keep food and happy Comey writing that
when Trump discovered during his toast
Teresa may that blank redacted had
called four days ago Flynn said the
return call was scheduled for Saturday
and that prompted a heated reply from
the president that six days was not an
appropriate period of time to return a
call from redacted of a country like
redacted Trump saying if he called
redacted and didn't get a return call
for six days he'd be very upset
reportedly all references to Russia and
Putin what does it all mean well David
jolly and Anna Marie Cox join us next he
told you that he thought he'd had a
personal conversation with President
Putin about hookers yes did you believe
him or did you think he was speaking
hyperbolically didn't seem to be
speaking hyperbolically let's get right
to it former republican congressman
david jolly from florida and on amuri
cox hosted
podcast with friends like these in a
political columnist for fangirls from
the sci-fi channel go well I think one
thing I want to comment on on commis
extra even like his demeanor in that
interview with Rachel in a lot of his
interviews which is that I think he
distill his triple processing the
president like when he said you were you
speaking hyperbolically I'm not sure if
Comey knows what hyperbole I mean I know
he literally knows what hyperbolic means
but I think he has trouble processing a
creature like the president hmm I'm in
the memos he talks about not being able
to follow the president's conversations
like how was a jigsaw puzzle like tossed
up in the air but to get to Putin one of
the things that's most interesting to me
about these memos is that anecdote about
the Putin phone call is actually told by
by Trump in service of saying how he
doesn't think that Michael Flynn has
good judgment
which is odd because what he's saying is
Michael Flynn doesn't have good judgment
because he wasn't behaving of secrecy
enough about Putin hmm and I've seen
some right-wing outlets say that this
doubt that Trump has about Flynn like
that's proof that like he really was on
to Flynn early on and like thinking that
Flynn was somehow a engaging inclusion
for Trump is misguided because clearly
you know Trump had doubts about him but
Trump's doubts about Flynn seemed to be
along the lines of servicing some kind
of relationship with Russia hmm so David
yeah look I think the bigger story here
is the hill GOP and the fact that the
fix really is in among the hill GOP
they're insulating this president should
he move to dismiss or have Rosenstein
dismiss Muller dismiss Rosen Stein
himself consider the fact you've got
freedom caucus members and núñez talking
about impeachment of Rosenstein consider
that McConnell has suggested they don't
need to protect Muller this is the hill
GOP playing JV and consider the the
intrigue they tried to build around the
Nunez memo just weeks ago and it fell
flat now the Comey memos it fell flat
but molars playing varsity ball right
now he's racking up indictments he's
racking up guilty pleas and frankly
that's the only investigation that
matters this is a sideshow created by
the hill GOP right now these Comey memos
well it's both it can be a sideshow that
they are trying to web
and politicize them which seems
inconsistent with their supposed
concerns about leaks and yet is very
unusual from a legal or journalistic
sense to ever see this kind of material
usually have to wait decades and the
archives to see it and some of it does
create factual problems for Donald Trump
for example James Comey memorializing in
real time long before he knew he'd be
fired or knew any of this would come out
the Trump told him he'd spoken to people
who'd been on the Miss Universe with
trip with him and they'd reminded him he
didn't stay overnight in Russia for that
so that's a claim he made to the then
FBI Drescher president brought up the
golden showers thing quote-unquote and
said it bothered him and his wife had
any doubt and then explained as he did
at our dinner that's twice now he didn't
stay overnight in Russia but there are
actually flight records social media
posts that he at least overnighted there
once David yeah so as somebody who
believes James Comey and finds him to be
credible you're exactly right re the the
facts that have emerged are important to
the greater case but put yourself in the
minds of Hill Republicans and frankly
right-wing media this is all about
impugning the integrity of Comey of
creating conflict I'm asking you about
the substance of the memo sure that it's
what do you take as a former Congress
true self about the fact that James
Comey was immortalizing that then for
whatever reason and it suggests that
Donald Trump was twice miss stating a
material fact I believe James Comey and
I understand that both parties have a
lot of indigestion about James Comey I
believe him we can question the judgment
of his decisions but I think he is
truthful in those facts matter and
you're both the law background Ari when
someone makes a spontaneous sort of
defense of themselves of their innocence
and then it turns out later to be a lie
what does that tell you it's suspicious
I mean that's what's happening with
Trump right I mean I would agree with
with the congressman that you know the
larger story here is like the corruption
of the administration it's not what it's
not commis personality it's not commis
booked or it's not it's not even to
certain extent what's in the memos right
it's that this this administration is
behaving in a corrupt fashion overall
and we need to have Congress act as a
check upon that and the hill GOP is
refusing to do so and I think it's their
refusal to
hold him accountable that's actually
sort of the larger message that's
effective to voters I'm not sure if some
of these details are gonna be what
really matters but just the absolute
rolling over right and that and that
thesis our concern about the hill GOP
itself is actually verified in some of
the memos because they describe Donald
Trump in real-time talking very
specifically about Nunez and Grassley
and other Republicans he talks about
delaying the Rosenstein nomination
itself so there's a lot in there David
relly now Marie Cox thank you very much
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
