thing ones and I take a look at the
president's public schedule on this
lovely spring Friday little sparse huh
just one item a roundtable with RNC
supporters starting at 5:20 p.m. we know
President Trump gets up early he was
tweeting at 6:30 4:00 this morning so we
had to find something to do to fill the
time and since he's in sunny 80 degree
in our logo why not use all that free
time for a round of golf according to
the travel pool the president arrived
his own Trump International Golf Club
there about 9:20 this morning left
nearly 5 hours later at 2:00 p.m. on a
weekday
now we unfortunately don't have any
images to show you from today because
the White House never lets reporters get
anywhere near the president while he's
golfing we do have these photos taken by
the Japanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs
on Wednesday when Trump played 18 holes
on that same course with the Prime
Minister of Japan this sounds to you
like a lot of golfing for the leader of
the free world you're not alone that's
thing too in 60 seconds the president
spent nearly 5 hours the Trump
International Golf Club in West Palm
Beach Florida today a Friday when most
people including yours truly are working
and marked his 100 an eighth day at one
of his own Golf properties since taking
office I know somebody who would find
that disgraceful I love golf but if I
were in the White House I don't think
I'd ever see turn very again I don't
think I'd ever see Doral again I owned
Doral in Miami I just want to stay and
the White House and work my ass off I'm
not gonna play much golf because there's
a lot of work to be done if you need
leadership you know you can't fly to
Hawaii to play golf Obama it was
reported today played 250 rounds of golf
Obama went golfing every day golf scoffs
golf got
norm or learning how to chip learning
how to hit the drive learning at a putt
oh I want more if you become president
and you go to the White House why would
you want to leave the White House when
you're in the White House who the hell
wants to play golf if I get elected
president I'm gonna be in the White
House a lot I'm not leaving I'm gonna be
working for you I'm not gonna have time
to go play golf
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
