joining me now senator bernie sanders
independent of vermont good to have you
here you and that's you and cory booker
I thicker on that on that piece of
legislation together it seems like
there's a there's a breakthrough now
with the Democratic Party on this issue
well you know during my campaign I
talked about it that was one of the many
issues that was just too radical but you
know what prohibition doesn't work
studies show that over half the American
people smoke marijuana it is insane to
be arresting some six hundred thousand
people a year for possession of
marijuana states are moving forward with
the criminalization legalization or move
forward with decriminalization so the
time is now to say that we are not going
to punish people for smoking marijuana
States want to go forward and legalize
it that is their right if prohibition
doesn't work though doesn't that logic
that extend past marijuana to crack
cocaine heroin ecstasy I mean if the
issues prohibition right they're all
prohibited substances and Portugal I
think has moved in that the right they
hammered it you know you looks like one
thing at a time this is a major step
vote look the the issue that really hits
me here is you have thousands and
thousands of people whose lives have
been wrecked because of being arrested
for possession of mounting at a criminal
record you're a young kid you're going
out to get a job right law says you have
a record well I do can't get a job so
this is a step forward in practice you
know you're also will introduce
legislation or have legislation that
would allow for criminal penalties or
liability for opioid manufacturers drug
companies correct if if this is the
story it seems like there's a little
tension there no here's the story we
have as everybody recognizes an opioid
epidemic in this country we lose over
60,000 people a year from overdoses
hundreds of thousands of people are
suffering from addiction here is the
question the question is when did the
opioid manufacturers know that the
product that they were selling to
doctors was addictive there is evidence
out there to suggest that in fact they
knew and they were pushing a product
that they knew would cause addiction
suffering and death
states are suing all over the country on
this the federal government has been way
way way behind where the states are you
recall that in the 1990s Congress bought
the tobacco manufacturers in front of
them and asked them the hard questions
what did you know when did you know it
we've got to do that with the opioid
manufacturers and if but I'm not passing
a judgement now but if it is true that
these guys were producing and selling a
product that they knew was killing
people they've got to be held
accountable right now we're spending as
a nation over seventy billion dollars a
year to treat the opioid crisis those
guys are gonna should not be making
billions of dollars yet they've got to
help us solve the problem does that same
logic of where the fault lies and
liability apply to gun manufacturers it
does if we know that a gun manufacturer
for example is loading a whole lot of
weapons into a town far more than you
would expect and we know through a straw
man process that those guns are going
out into the community into criminals
should they be held liable if we can
prove that they know absolutely didn't
you support legislation in the other
direction that I am a sponsor and a
co-sponsor of legislation that deals
without issue the issue is not should a
gun manufacturer be held liable because
should make a gun that does what it's
supposed to do
no that's the distinction made right
sure the gun law if they're dumping guns
into an area in a volume that no one
thinks what the local populations yeah
that's the issue I want to talk to you
about trade because you know you're
you've been you have been a critic of
the kind of trade consensus in this
country for a long time yes and there's
a number of other people chair Browns
one of those folks you brought a book
about trade when he else and I think
it's fair to say that in some key ways
Donald Trump has departed from some some
of that consensus pulled out of the TPP
renegotiate NAFTA we've seen these
tariffs although he's claiming he wants
to rethink I don't know where he is
knows where he is what what do you think
of this trade agenda is this does this
look like what you envisioned as the
alternative to the Consensus Yuda Trump
deserves credit for at least dealing
with this issue look the truth is our
trade policy has been a failure it has
cost us millions of decent-paying jobs
we have lost tens
thousands of factories in the last 20
years and bottom line there is companies
are shutting down to find cheap labor in
China and in Mexico is that an issue
that has to be dealt with absolutely
do we want to demonize the people in
Mexico or the people in China is Trump
often does the answer is not so we need
comprehensive trade policies but what
about so a lot of that focuses on the
industrial base right manufacturing
there's two sides this and one of the
things we're seeing now with these
tariffs is you've got a lot of farmers
in America or we export grains you
you're from a rural state you've got
soybean shipments that are being impact
you've got sorghum ships that are
circling around the Pacific Ocean does
it I guess I'm wondering does it make
you think about okay what does it really
look like when we play this out trade is
a very complicated issue no one thinks
that if there is a simple solution
bottom line is overall and there are
exceptions there are the agricultural
sectors which have done well on the
various trade policies by and large in
my view trade policies have been for the
middle class and working families of
this country and that's got to change
you're never going to come up with a
process that works for a hundred percent
of the people you got to do the best
that you can
meaning that there's gonna be trade-offs
right yeah absolutely even when
absolutely are getting in there and
messin absolutely but right now right by
and large we have been losing the
American people working people have been
losing here's the issue when you're
talking about trade trade is a good
thing you want to trade with me what do
you got I'll buy it it's a fair price No
that's what traders got if you sell the
papers alright but what is not fair
ultimately is American workers having to
compete against people in Vietnam with
minimum wage is something like 70 cents
an hour that's just not fair so I want
to see fair trade not unfettered free
trade all right senator Bernie Sanders
he's here in New York City which is
treating it's great to have you here
good leaders hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
