Washington Post is tonight tonight
reporting at Attorney General Jeff
Sessions recently told the White House
he might have to leave his job as
Attorney General if President Trump
fired his deputy his deputy rod Rhodes
this time whoever sees the investigation
into rushed interference sessions made
his position known in a phone call to
White House Counsel Donald began last
weekend
well the Washington Post matza Petoskey
is on the phone with me Matt tell us
about this interesting claim if I give
he goes I go
yeah it's a little bit like that maybe
just short of that so after Michael
Cohen's home and hotel room Donald Trump
was upset and he directed most of his
anger at Rod Rosenstein of course firing
rod Rosen Stein could have big
implications for the Moller probe rod
Rosenstein supervises Muller because
Jeff sessions is recused and it was kind
of an open question like what would
sessions do yeah if his top deputy got
fired and now we have a hint at the
answer he told the White House Counsel
found him again he would at least have
to consider leaving almost like a
protest resignation though this was not
a resignation like an out-and-out
resignation threat I want to make that
clear but that he would have to consider
that if President Trump fired Robert
wasn't Stein well he was putting it on
the scale wasn't he he was saying you
gotta considers I might walk yeah he was
he was putting the putting sort of
putting the idea out in the ether like
putting that on the mind of done McGann
now I don't have reporting to indicate
what President Trump knew about that and
if he knew about that what he thought
but Jeff Sessions clearly did want to
put this you know in Don McGann's mind
well the weird thing is might is that
the president seems to be for months now
sort of urging or pushing sessions to
quit you like the guy doesn't think he's
being up a team player and now this guy
Jeff Sessions has the nerve to say you
don't like me okay I'm walking perhaps
if you go fire Rosen Stein because he's
doing his job and you're protecting
yourself but not the country something
like that
yeah I've seen on nothing some people
suggesting well hey this would be great
this would be a two for one for
president Trump but you have to keep in
mind
President Trump didn't ultimately accept
Jeff Sessions resignation when he
offered it a while back in some ways was
back down by this conservative
groundswell of support for Jeff Sessions
and also look if they all go if there's
no if there's a massacre at the Justice
Department that would really put
president Trump's presidency in jeopardy
so I don't know that he would
necessarily do this as well great you
know I'll fire Rosen Stein and I'll get
session to the bonus yeah well President
Nixon decided earlier example of
presidential trouble I wanted to get rid
of Archibald Cox it was really a Kennedy
guy and I understand why it was against
him because he's coming at him but then
Elliot Richardson who's a Republican
quit and that made Nixon look like the
bad guy and it was all downhill from
then from that Saturday night Massacre
onward Mad Sabbath asking great
reporting we appreciate that that's the
breaking story right now in the
Washington Post tonight I'm joined right
now by Michael Schmidt you reported for
the New York Times at MSNBC contributor
Paul Brothers a former federal
prosecutor and MSNBC legal analyst
Shannon petty P said with me tonight is
the White House reported for Bloomberg
Jennifer Rubin is an opinion writer for
The Washington Post and an MSNBC
contributor we got a great first line
here let me talk starting with Michael
across the room there across this
panorama that seems like one room it's
not really it's a couple of rooms
Michael first of all your comment on
what you just heard ferments up at a ski
the post well I mean this is this
interesting thing that has hung over the
administration for over a year now what
does the president really want to do
with sessions in Rosenstein wanted to
get rid of sessions when Muller was
appointed has talked about getting rid
of Rosen scientists talked about Muller
the president has put an enormous amount
of time and effort into these questions
and ultimately he hasn't done anything
which is interesting he's gone ahead and
done things with Rex Tillerson he's
cleaned out his Veterans Affairs
Secretary but on the Justice Department
he understands how big of an issue it
would be if he were to do something
there and clearly sessions here sending
a sign back to the White House that this
is not a good idea for the president you
know one thing I have one
I have is that the Republican Party of
today as opposed to the Republican party
of Abraham Lincoln's time is centered in
the south the deep south even you could
argue and Trump is a guy from New York
always someone alien territory the
Conservatives no matter how much he's
dominating affairs right now he's not
part of that southern base of the party
we're session really is let me ask you
about this other question in so many of
these cases whether they're criminal
cases involving of sexual misconduct
whatever the person who keeps notes owns
the day into the future if you write
contemporary notes or you call your
mother your sister your best friend and
you do something on the record in real
time that carries tremendous credibility
X many years or months later when it
comes to a Serbian national trial or an
actual courtroom trial the fact the
James Comey has kept almost John Dean
like records of what happened between
him and all those conversations with the
president how can the president walk
away from that now and deny the truth
and credibility of these records
well we've seen with the president that
he's able to sort of dismiss things and
move through them in ways that other
politicians haven't look I think most
people have already made up their mind
where they are on Donald Trump and how
they feel about him so I'm not sure how
much these memos change that or whatever
I mean at the end of the day these are
memos that Bob Muller has these are the
basis for his obstruction investigation
he has already interviewed Comey he has
gone through it with them and it will be
Muller's findings whatever Muller season
that is really the true outcome we give
so much time to the public view of this
and obviously that's important but at
the end of the day it's it's on Bob
Muller's desk
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
