a US attorney and a senior FBI official
official chuckle Oseberg he's also an
NBC News contributor
mr. Rosenberg good to see you sir nice
to see you chuck so let me start with
the thing about the memos and how often
James Comey does this and one of the
criticisms I've heard from the right is
this and I'm not giving value to it but
I just curious your reaction oh did did
James Comey take memos like this with
President Obama or was this only done to
entrap President Trump well I think the
answer is neither right look lawyers
aren't the only people who write stuff
down doctors write stuff down accounts
write stuff down Chuck I presume you as
a journalist write stuff down when you
want to remember something and so we all
have lots and lots of conversations
every day that unnormal and you know
sort of just sort of we go on our way
but if something memorable happens if
you need to remember something well you
write it down and it strikes me that the
conversations that Jim Comey had with
the president were memorable and I'm
glad he wrote them down another aspect
of this has to do with the
classification process of this and it
was I have to say just as a journalist
feeling truly like a fly on the wall I
was I was intrigued by then director
Comey's sort of speculative nature at
the top there for now I'm just gonna
choose secret for the classification and
perhaps others will decide where it
belongs how does that process work what
it the director called me had one
decision that he make and he said all
right he chose not the lowest level but
somewhat low and secret is that his
power to choose or can somebody else say
no that should be higher or lower well
yes and yes it's his power to choose he
has classification Authority meaning the
authority to determine at what levels
something should be classified but he
wasn't certain and so I think it's
prudent it's wise to say you know what
if I have this wrong if it's too high or
if it's too low other folks with
expertise and classifying documents
ought to take a look at it and adjust it
appropriately so you know I I think he
took a sort of a smart middle ground
there Charlie what about I know these
supposedly the Inspector General's going
to take a look when he shared
to the memos with a friend when that
portion of when you shared those and in
leaked to the media essentially he did
make a decision on his own to redact
things that he thought truly were
classified parse this when is a memo
classified and does it suddenly become
unclassified if you redact the fact that
makes it classified so potentially right
you don't want to be able to read into a
document from context something that you
took out of a document honestly let me
stop you there everything that got
redacted in these memos you could infer
via context well in this case and you
want to try and avoid that but I think
what happened here Chuck and I'm not an
expert on it is that Jim Comey tried to
take stuff out to make sure that the
documents he had were not classified at
all and by the way if it's not a
classified document then it's really not
a leak right I mean leak is a term of
art for federal prosecutors and those in
the intelligence community it refers to
on the unauthorized passing of
classified information so I think he
tried to get it right the Inspector
General will take a look at it as he
should and we'll see where it comes out
obviously the Justice Department was
fighting this order by congressional
Republicans who were trying to force the
release of these memos they went ahead
and released them
it just didn't seem harmful to me why
didn't just as fight as long as they did
in releasing these memos so there's both
the principle and a practicality right
the principle is what we as prosecutors
don't like to give up stuff when we have
an ongoing investigation it's kind of a
reflex and it makes sense right because
it's a bad practice to get into but
there's also a practicality and right
Department of Justice how to think how
to figure out which fights are we going
to fight and how hard are we going to
fight them and as you point out Chuck
these documents don't seem to be all
that damaging to the ongoing
investigation I am sure that DOJ
officials spoke to Mahler and spoke to
the investigators and concluded that we
could give this over and sort of lived
another day let me ask you the the
larger question here one of the defenses
that the House Republicans made in their
memo said hey this proves the President
did not obstruct if anything he was
begging the president to investigate
parts of the dossier yeah I don't think
it proves or disproves that at all
it reflects certain conversations that
the President had with Jim Comey on
certain days and as we've discussed many
times
proving obstruction of justice really
requires you to prove a difficult thing
intent and you're not going to glean and
tend from one conversation on one day
it's something that you put together
with many conversations with many people
over many days and so I don't read this
as proving or disproving one interesting
thing to me chuck is that the memos that
Jim Comey wrote are by and large quite
consistent with the testimony he gave on
the hill right and what the stuff he put
in his book and to me I think that's
quite telling no look I would I would
say that if anything he withheld I think
some aspects of it I didn't realize how
often the president seemed to come back
to the dossier himself in his various
conversation that that in itself seemed
to be in an interesting development then
let me ask you something about Michael
Flynn he's apparently giving a foreign
policy speech up here in New York did it
last night he's campaigned for a
congressional candidate in California he
is a cooperative witness right now in
the Muller probe if what is that if
you're allowing him to go around the
country does that mean Muller doesn't
plan to use him as a witness he's he
Flynn's cooperating in other ways it
just seems surprising to have a
potential witness be out there in the
political square it's a little
surprising but most people who plead
guilty aren't also in high demand to
campaign to campaign for folks running
for high office so it's a little bit
unusual Chuck that said I presume that
general Flynn has cleared this with his
probation officer has checked with his
lawyer and I hope his lawyer has checked
with the investigators but there's
another principle at play here right now
general Flynn is a private citizen he
was before he will be again
he may have to serve some period of
incarceration he was a private citizen
and you know he has every right like all
of us to do those things if he chooses
Chuck Rosenberg I'm gonna leave it there
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
