welcome back tonight I'm obsessed with
the kind of Twitter tantrum a president
gets when like President Trump did today
he decides to play a little golf on a
weekday no less you know like this wish
I could be on the golf course but have
to work must be nice to be President or
this golf outing outings aren't just bad
optics they're foolish and voters
realize that or this glad our arrogant
president is enjoying his
taxpayer-funded golf outing after
announcing the u.s. should take military
action against Syria
she's or even this while our wonderful
president was out playing golf all day
the TSA is falling apart just like our
government airports a total disaster
wait beep oh wait a minute wait what's
that wait none of those comments work
from today sorry about that guys that's
a little awkward well it turns out those
statements they weren't about President
Trump they came from Sean Spicer
Reince Priebus a guy named Sean Hannity
someone named Donald Trump oh they were
about President Obama golfing and
hanging up hair I'm sure they're gonna
be really upset about this other stuff
there's got to be some criticism
President Trump here I'm sure
Republicans something then it could be I
mean they're gonna be anti golfing
during the weekday no matter who the
president is so give me a moment here
I'm sure I'll have them after the break
all right they're here somewhere
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
