MSNBC legal analyst Danny Cevallos sue
Danny walk me through this it's a
civilian court I understand they finally
they just got a judge already named okay
but give me a realistic timeline here
you file this suit
how can you for in the middle of a
Muller program we don't know for sure if
the government is going to charge the
Russian government with any of this
stuff at this point this is the very
inception of a lawsuit the defendants
have to be served they have to appear
they have to answer the complaint there
may be extensions and some of these
defendants as you know are the Russian
Federation so while they may even if
they can get jurisdiction over them and
district courts do have jurisdiction
over foreign governments in cases like
this but the real question is how do you
serve them how do you bring them into
court how do you even commence this
litigation with this many defendants and
this many counts so is that the reason
why there are so many defendants in that
okay the Russian part they probably
can't deposed him but Donald Trump jr.
they can he's a private citizen Roger
stone they can you know are they do does
each individual named in the suit have
to deal with it separately as almost if
it's at their own they're being sued
separately or do they work together
broadly speaking each defendant the more
defendants in this case likely were to
create better allegations of conspiracy
look the real charges are the real
counts causes of action in this case are
the conspiracy counts the RICO counts
Rico is the racketeering law that
brought down the Mafia but in this case
it's a civil Rico and the basic
allegations are take all of the things
that we know about Russia involvement in
the campaign Trump contacts with Russia
during the campaign and now we're saying
all those things that we previously
called collusion now they are a civil
conspiracy under the RICO statutes and
basically what this means is all of
these contacts all of these emails every
all these relationships constituted a
conspiracy to commit a number of
predicate crimes what how would you
make the argument to have this dismissed
first what the number one thing I would
do is attack the civil Rico and I would
say that merely putting out all of these
facts and this is where it becomes very
political when you list all of these
contacts with Russia that the Trump
campaign had that Donald Trump jr. had
all of these individuals you have to ask
yourself a question does this show a
conspiracy or is it just show a lot of
Acts that had very close similarity and
very close in proximity do they just
result in two groups of people who had
similar interests they were sort of
aligned in wanting Donald Trump to win
or was this an agreement with an overt
act in furtherance of that agreement and
an illegal objective
is the there's the I guess the folks who
filed this lawsuit the DNC can they make
that calculation yet or do they have to
wait for the end of the Muller probe or
is this a way to preserve evidence from
the Muller probe if Muller gets fired
they can try to I mean as if they get
into discovery they have the power of
discovery behind them and there are many
things that come with that now will they
ever be able to depose Russians in this
case probably not but as to the
defendants they can serve what we're
learning in the last few months when
everybody's learning is that if you are
a defendant or a plaintiff and you get
drawn into discovery whether state or
federal court you may be baring your
soul under oath and how risky can that
be two other cases look get me okay
Donald Trump jr. it's named in this
lawsuit
give me a time line that would have him
be deposed a realistic timeline that
would have him be deposed in this
lawsuit in the District of Columbia
let's see right now we wait for them to
answer right there
there they go ahead there I think
they're in Manhattan right now it's John
that's right yeah it's gonna be in
Manhattan that's right there's so many
dead oh yeah in here in Manhattan in the
Southern District of New York the case
would probably they need the the each
party needs to answer the complaint
assuming there are no extensions of time
given you could be looking at discovery
in federal court which moves a lot
faster they have to meet and do their
conference you could be looking at it
within
the next several months if everything
runs smoothly but things are not going
to run smoothly in this case because we
delayed taxes defendants will find ways
to try to postpone the discovery phase
as long as possible immediately file
motions to dismiss and those will at
least act as a pause to some degree and
how long does it take for each of those
motions to get heard that now when it
comes to despot what we call dispositive
motions motions to throw in a case
summary judgment anything like that that
is dependent on how long it takes the
judge and his or her individual clerks
to go through the moving papers and
believe me there are going to be some
very very heavily briefed papers on both
sides so it could take a very long time
plus a district judge is going to know
this is no ordinary case this is a very
very serious case that requires a very
significant time obviously Muller's in
some ways going after these folks in a
criminal matter this is a in a severe
you know this is a civil action the most
famous sort of difference between
criminal and civil of course is OJ
Simpson right on one hand if he was not
proven he was not guilty of a crime but
it was a lower standard of proof and he
was liable for a lot of money beyond a
reasonable doubt right and then you have
preponderance of the evidence and the OJ
case is a classic example of that you
only need a preponderance of evidence in
a civil case so they do a better shot
here of basically proving some guilt
than Muller does that's right it's the
only it's the only burden of proof that
we can express as a number and anything
more than half we can reasonably say is
51% so if you can get up to 51% in your
burden then the plaintiff in a civil
case like this can prevail alright how
does a jury trial work here when you
have plenty of them that are gonna feel
as if well this is a D and C you can't
have Democrats on the truck I mean I I'm
treachery selection for this seems to be
impossible I have what may be a an
exclusive here I think they may have
miss pleated this case I don't believe
under the federal statute they cited
that they're entitled to a jury trial
because because when well the district
court shall have jurisdiction of all
cases non-jury civil actions against a
foreign
entity like this so I believe under the
statute they're limited to a non-jury a
judge only trial so one of the first
things you'll see defendants soon I may
be wrong about this and litigators out
there will probably get on Twitter and
tell me but under a plain reading of the
statute they don't get a jury trial this
case that's going to be one of the first
things the defendants are gonna look to
when they file their motions all right
Danny Cevallos bringing it yet more
complications to this case and try to
figure it out nothing yes I appreciate
that exactly thanks for the fog now
Danny thanks very much hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
