many Democratic lawmakers will say hey
let let the Muller probe run its course
many Republicans say that let the Muller
probe run its course then we can have
this debate why not wait for the Muller
probe to run its course before filing
this lawsuit I mean these are two
entirely different things just to be
clear I mean you're attacking entirely
different because the DNC litigation
does not interfere with the mother probe
your what's happening is you're talking
about the president United States trying
to stop the Muller investigation by
firing Muller or Rosenstein the DNC is
simply creating a separate cause of
action for us to for the courts to
actually adjudicate whether there was a
civil RICO case here and obviously
doesn't stop the Muller probe mother if
he wants to quash evidence he obviously
can do that none of this will interfere
with that probe this is very different
from the president United States trying
to stop finding out what happened in
between him and Russia this is actually
trying to get what happened between the
Trump administration in between the
Trump campaign and Russia well hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
