the president's legal team is growing
once again after the hiring of Rudy
Giuliani and the statement provided by
Trump attorney Jay Sekulow the president
said Rudy is great he's been my friend
for a long time he wants to get this
matter quickly resolved for the good of
the country but beside being friends
what did the president want Rudy
Giuliani his legal team for well
Giuliani spent nearly six years as the
US Attorney for the Southern District of
New York the same office that raided
Trump's personal lawyer Michael Cohen's
office and hotel room last week during
his time in that office Giuliani
prosecuted the mob of Wall Street
bankers government officials and drug
crime in New York City on a federal
level and supervised among others James
Comey giving him the take-no-prisoners
litigation background and personal
connections with the president that the
president wants now after resigning his
post as US Attorney Giuliani was
eventually elected mayor of New York
City during his administration he took a
very tough stance on crime and drug use
endorsing the broken windows theory that
increased police activities like stop
and frisk supporters credit the city's
low crime rate to Giuliani's tactics but
others say his policies unfairly
targeted minority communities well with
the law-and-order brand and 8 years as
mayor Giuliani became a New York I con
and later a national figure in the wake
of the September 11th attack on the
World Trade Center in lower Manhattan
during the 2016 presidential campaign
Giuliani became a vocal supporter of
candidate Trump taking to the campaign
trail and cable news to endorse the New
York businessman and during that time
perhaps the most appealing trait now is
that in the days before the election
Giuliani claimed to have contacts within
the FBI leading to interviews like this
and I think he's got a surprise too that
you're gonna hear about in the next few
days I mean I mean I'm talking about
some pretty big surprise oh yeah I heard
you say that this morning what do you
mean you'll see well just two days later
then FBI director James Comey announced
that the bureau had resumed its
investigation into Hillary Clinton's use
of a private email server the kind of
news that may have helped lift the Trump
candidacy in
fading days of the campaign joining me
now is MSNBC legal analyst and former
assistant special Watergate prosecutor
Nick Ackerman now Nick he's a friend of
the show and you see him a lot but he
served as an assistant US attorney for
the Southern District of New York
overlapping with Rudy Giuliani for a
time Nick good to see you
good to see you so I laid out why Rudy
Giuliani the problem with Rudy Giuliani
is that he's mercurial he's
temperamental the president has picked
as much of a fight as you can pick with
James Comey I'm not sure anybody who
lives in New York or knows Rudy Giuliani
or was here after and and since he was
mayor thinks he's the kind of guy you
bring in to smooth things over
to bring things to an end if the fight
is in full force maybe you want Rudy
Giuliani there because he comes in with
two machine guns to everything he does I
mean I agree I mean he is not the guy
who is going to be brokering a good deal
here he's not the kind of person you'd
want to do that on the other hand he is
the only person on that team of lawyers
that even has any kind of experience
dealing with the US Department of
Justice on criminal matters white-collar
crime he's bringing two other people who
are former assistants with him that were
I believe assistance in some US
Attorney's office so knows the Southern
District of New York well he knows all
those judges he knows the prosecutors
but at the end of the day it's not going
to make a whit of difference and the
reason is because the primary lawyer who
is really running the operation here is
Donald Trump himself right I can't
imagine for a minute that he is going to
bare his soul to Rudy Giuliani and tell
him what really happened he is not going
to do that to any lawyer he is not going
to give the strategy over to Rudy
Giuliani he is going to pick the legal
strategy and whatever that is like come
hell or high water his lawyers are gonna
be forced to go with that strategy so
Giuliani gave an interview to The
Washington Post yesterday in a very
respectful tone toward the special
counsel he said this I'm
doing this because I hope we can
negotiate an end to this for the good of
the country and because I have high
regard for the President and for Bob
Muller I'm wondering whether there's
something there the idea that I don't
know what Giuliani's relationship to
Muller would be or would have been at
the time maybe you do do but does is
that the key to the castle here that
that Giuliani maybe has something that
he Kentucky to to Bob Muller about some
things I'm sure there's a relationship I
mean perhaps I haven't looked at the
time line but when Giuliani was US
attorney in Manhattan Muller may have
been the US attorney in Boston I mean
there may be that connection which is
very possible I'm like there is this
whole group of former US attorneys I get
together all the time right there is an
idea personal way there's a personal
relationship but is that gonna rule the
day I don't think so I guess like I just
keep coming back to the fact that in the
last 24 hours Giuliani has taken a
conciliatory tone a respectful tone
but it's nice want to remind our viewers
of Rudy Giuliani listen to this we must
not be afraid to define our enemy it is
Islamic extremist terrorism
do you know who you are
Hillary Clinton has played a very big
role in the development of Isis he's got
a surprising - that you're gonna hear
about the next few days I mean I mean
I'm talking about some pretty big
surprise oh yeah I heard you say that
this morning what do you mean you'll see
a tremendous amount of evidence was
destroyed by the FBI by the people
working for her
they used extraordinary methods that
only criminals used to destroy emails
acid bleach
they used hammers all I heard were
former FBI agents telling me that
there's a revolution going on inside the
FBI and it's now at a boiling point if I
didn't like the way election came out
they were gonna give me therapy food I
think they give me something else the
reality is they're a bunch of small
crybabies people have run into problems
in this investigation because they talk
too much because they talk too much on
TV because they say intemperate things
Rudy Giuliani with the passage of time
is not getting as certainly as people
get older sometimes they get calmer and
they mellow out a little bit he's not
just see that's not happening to me
Gillian oh he's come on hinge basically
and that's kind of a problem in this
investigation I mean look I think that
he'll be able to meet with Muller I
think they'll be able to put all this
craziness aside but again he's
confronted with the evidence the
evidence here is downright damning and I
just don't see how he's going to go
walking in of a new guy doesn't
necessarily solve the underlying problem
did it rot Robert Miller has what he has
or he's getting what he's getting he's
getting what he's getting and you're
dealing with a client who is also
totally unhinged is not going to give
him the true facts and who is also going
to be directing him what to do and not
taking his advice so when you put that
all together it really isn't going to
make that much difference other than the
fact at least they'll have people on the
legal team that knows something about
criminal law and white-collar practice
and how to deal with the Department of
Justice maybe that'll be a help all
right thanks very much hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
