breaking news the Democratic National
Committee filing a lawsuit in federal
court in Manhattan against a list of
defendants including the Russian
government the Trump 2016 campaign and
WikiLeaks
joining me now NBC White House
correspondent Kristen Welker MSNBC
justice and security analyst Matt Miller
a former chief spokesman to Attorney
General Eric Holder NBC justice
correspondent Pete Williams and Harry
Wittman former US attorney and former
Deputy Assistant Attorney General during
the Clinton administration welcome all
our first Pete and Pete and Harry I
guess let's talk about this DNC lawsuit
that's just been filed Pete what
connections are they making about
collusion with Russia alleged to make
the case that the Republican campaign
and the Kremlin should pay damages
basically everyone you've ever heard
alleged this is a collection of all the
allegations that have suggested there
was any kind of coordination between the
Trump campaign and the Russians and and
basically assuming them to be true for
the purpose of the lawsuit claiming that
they are true and asking for damages
it's against the Trump campaign
WikiLeaks Julian Assange mana fort gates
Jared Kushner and other people Roger
stone so you know I think it's a
placeholder it's a start
it's basically giving them a chance now
to engage in discovery now obviously
some they'll never get I doubt they'll
ever get discovery from the Russian
Federation or members of the general
staff of the Russian armed forces I
think it's going to be hard for them to
get to Julian Assange or anyone with
WikiLeaks and the other problem I
suppose they could run into here Andrea
is a number of the allegations they make
are exactly what Robert Muller's team is
looking at and so whenever you have a
conflict like this when there's a
lawsuit and someone wants access to
information but there's a criminal case
generally speaking the courts give that
let the criminal case go first but it is
a start it is a foothold and they say
they want damages they say they it cost
them well over a million dollars to fix
their computers that donors dropped
donations dropped off after these leaks
started because people didn't worry
about their personal information there
were threats to employees so they're
asking for punitive damages damages to
compensate them and they want an order
telling all these people to knock it off
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
