we have some breaking news now about
Andrew McCabe who just finished up an
off-camera briefing with his attorney
and with reporters in Washington DC our
justice correspondent Pete Williams was
there he's in Washington Pete would you
learn Hallie we heard from the lawyer
for Andrew McCabe Makeba here wasn't
here himself but Michael Bromwich the
former Justice Department inspector
general says basically that McCabe is
just beginning to fight back against his
firing there's been a legal trust fund
formed run by two former judges and
Chuck Ramsay the former police chief
here in Washington and Philadelphia and
what they say is that they might sue for
wrongful termination they might sue for
defamation they might sue for damages
he's lost his pension he's lost his
healthcare benefits they might say that
the his due process rights were violated
what they say is that this whole process
that led to his firing the investigation
by the FBI and the Inspector General was
rushed and that the people involved
basically formed a theory here and
developed tunnel vision and only pursued
the evidence that led in one direction
but not the evidence that would have
been on McCabe's side and so for that
reason they want to try to get more
discovery they want to get more of the
facts out there now we learned yesterday
you know that the Inspector General
referred this case that's the term
basically said here are our findings
turned them over to the US Attorney's
office here in the District of Columbia
Michael Bromwich McCabe's lawyer says he
has met with the prosecutors he put out
a statement yesterday saying they're
confident that this won't lead to
charges and I think it's only fair to
say that sometimes these IG referrals do
lead to criminal charges and very often
they don't Bromwich told us that the
legal standard here is is lower than it
is in a normal case it's reasonable
grounds to believe a crime was committed
that's the basis for a referral which is
less than probable cause or less than
beyond a reasonable doubt so the point
here is that mccabe is going to fight a
fight back some kind of litigation seems
very possible because they believe this
whole process was rushed to get him
fired before he could retire hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching
n-b-c on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click Subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
