obviously the views of the majority
leader are important to consider but
they do not govern what happens here in
the Judiciary Committee
if consideration on the floor was a
standard for approving a bill in
committee or not we wouldn't be probably
moving any bills out of this committee
that was Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck
Grassley on Capitol Hill yesterday
saying his committee will consider a
bill to protect Special Counsel Robert
Muller from being fired despite
opposition voiced by Majority Leader
Mitch McConnell joining us now is
Democratic senator Tina Smith who was
appointed to her seat in Minnesota
earlier this year and will face the
voters in that state in a November
special election to fill out former
senator Al Franken's term senator it's
great to have you with us thanks for
being here thank you it's great to be
with all of you do you agree with many
of your colleagues that legislation is
necessary to protect the special counsel
from whatever may come from the White
House well I really support this
legislation the most important thing is
that this investigation is not
interfered with I mean and let's
remember what this is about
you know this invest we know that there
was interference by the Russians in our
election in 2016 and the purpose of this
investigation is to get to the bottom of
that what happened how did it happen and
let's make sure it never happens again
so I think it's just essential that it
not be interfered with in any way and
that's what this legislation can make
sure so why is the majority leader so
adamantly against the legislation he's
gone out of his way to find a microphone
all the time and say we don't need it
the president would never do that where
is he getting that confidence of the
president I don't find a way to yeah I
don't know where he's getting that
confidence I mean I don't have that
confidence and I don't understand why we
wouldn't want to just go ahead and do
this to make sure I heard the majority
leader yesterday say that he didn't
think it was necessary and he didn't
think that the president would sign it
even if it were passed well that doesn't
give me a lot of confidence either what
is the most disorienting thing I mean as
a non-practicing Republican one of the
weirdest things is to see the Republican
Party failed to defend the rule of law
failed to defend the Republican
appointees at the Justice Department FBI
and to see the Democrats step into a
role that historically has been
adequately filled by Republicans what's
what sort of the we
the most disorienting thing about not
just the policy debate but the vibe
around these once sort of revered and
independent institutions well you know
this is what would create a
constitutional crisis I mean it's one
thing if the president I mean there's
one thing if we have somebody who breaks
the law and I'm not saying that that's
happened I'm just saying that's one
thing but the second thing that has to
happen in our constitutional form of
government is then that we have to have
the right balance of power and Congress
needs to step in now the Republicans are
in charge of both houses of Congress
right now so that is their
constitutional duty and it is a little
disorienting and I but I you know I'm
only I've only been in Washington for a
few months I'm about three and a half
months in so I remain optimistic and I
one of my old friends used to say that I
was hope and he was reality well I like
to be realistic and hopeful when it
comes to the future of our country so
senator off of that you know the fact
that you just arrived in the Senate
three and a half months ago I was
speaking to one of your Republican
colleagues yesterday who has been there
for quite some time and they were
indicating that the lack of discipline
from the executive branch from the White
House the tweets the constant tweets the
constant invective coming from the White
House was an enormous sense of
depression provided an enormous sense of
depression and futility in terms of
operating in the Senate I want and I
understand you've only been there three
and a half months but what's your sense
of the operation of the Senate because
of what's going on yeah well it's so
interesting you say that because that's
what I hear for Minnesotans to
Minnesotan is like things to work we
think that people ought to follow the
law and follow the rules and so the
sense of kind of chaos and recklessness
and instability it bothers people in my
home state they don't you know we we
don't think it should be that way and
you know the weird thing about the
Senate right now though I only have a
few months under my belt is
there's sort of this big meta discussion
that happens nationally but then you
walk onto the Senate floor and you're
you know voting on you know this and
that and you know it had some important
votes but it doesn't all sort of seem to
hang together very well frankly senator
when President Obama was announcing his
presidential campaign he said that he
hadn't been in Washington very long but
he knew it he'd been there long enough
to know that it Washington needed to
change the the question I have for you
is Minnesota is actually a really
interesting state this time to Senate
races are on the ballot obviously all
the statewide election officials are
statewide officials are up and a whole
host of congressional battleground seats
are on the ballot so in some ways
Minnesota really is ground zero for this
the thing that I'm curious about is
given the degree to which Trump and this
chaos that you're talking about so
pervades the political atmosphere to
what extent have Democrats in your state
been able to cut through all that noise
with it with an affirmative message
about what Democrats stand for and why
Democrats deserve a chance I'd had
positions of leadership in your state
what what has worked for you if anything
and cutting through and and and drill
and driving that message um yeah well I
think it's a it's a great question
because Minnesotans are basically
they're thinking about and I think most
Americans they're thinking about their
lives like how am I going to get to my
mother who's in a nursing home 40 miles
away from where I live and how am I
going to get my child and you know to
child care when I don't have any good
child care that's right nearby and how
am I going to pay off my college debt it
is these basic economic issues around
whether families have opportunity
whether they have the freedom to live
the life that they want to live or
whether they don't that's what's on
Minnesotans mind and that is what
Democrats are talking about and I can
tell you though Minnesota is a
challenging state where I mean
politically you know we're not really a
blue state where Donald Trump came
within a point and a half of when
Minnesota we're almost like the you know
is sort of like Wisconsin he barely won
Minnesota he barely lost but boy I think
Democrats are fired up they are paying
attention to what's happening and they
are they also people are speaking their
mind and they expect to be heard just
like these young students who have been
speaking their mind women are speaking
their mind people in rural cities and
are speaking their mind and they expect
to be heard and that gives me a lot of
faith - senator Tina Smith Democrat from
Minnesota great to have you up here in
New York with us thank you it's great to
be thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
