I would like to ask you something about
Rudy Giuliani on October 28th 2016 you
sent a letter to Congress notifying that
notifying them that the FBI was
reopening the investigation into Hillary
Clinton's emails 11 days before the
election an event that the Hillary
Clinton campaign perceives to have
landed on them like a meat-eor in the
closing days of that campaign two days
before you did that president Trump's
friend former mayor of New York your
predecessor as US Attorney sdn Y Rudy
Giuliani said this on Fox News mr. mayor
we got the 14 days this bill does the
Donald Trump plant anything except for a
series of inspiring riots
what ha ha ha you'll see got a couple of
surprises left October surprises well I
called early November prizes in the way
that we're gonna campaign to get our
message out there maybe in a little bit
of a different way okay you'll see and I
think it'll be enormous ly effective and
I do think that all of these revelations
about Hillary Clinton finally are
beginning to have an impact he's got a
surprise too that you're gonna hear
about in the next few days I mean I mean
I'm talking about some pretty big
surprise oh yeah I heard you say that
this morning what do you mean you'll see
so he's not just hinting there he's
bragging that he has advance notice that
something is coming two days later you
announced the reopening of the Clinton
email investigation and then whether or
not we can guess what he was hinting out
there
mayor Giuliani then thereafter did go
back on Fox and say yeah that's what he
was hinting about that's what he was
talking about he explained basically
that FBI agents had told him that
announcement was coming in advance I had
expected this for the last honestly tell
you the truth I thought it was gonna be
about three four weeks ago because a
back way back in July this started so
this has been boiling up in - Beyonce's
generic I did nothing to get it out I
had no role in it
did I hear about it you're done right I
heard about it and I can't even repeat
the language that I heard did Rudy
Giuliani and therefore the Trump
campaign
have advance notice from inside the FBI
from the New York field office or
wherever that this announcement from you
was coming not that I know of but I saw
that same publicity and so I
commissioned an investigation to see if
we could understand whether people were
disclosing information out of the New
York office or any other place that
resulted in in Rudy's report on Fox News
and other leaks that we were seeing in
the media I don't know what the result
of that was I got fired before it was
finished but I know I asked that it be
investigated did you you write in the
book about how the New York field office
how some agents in the near field office
had been leaking information related to
the Clinton investigation you talk about
that on page 208 of your book I've read
it many times whether or not they were
behind those leaks to Rudy Giuliani did
agents in that office and their
propensity to leak specifically about
Hillary Clinton did they basically force
you to make that public notification
because you knew they'd put it out
whether or not you said anything
publicly yeah no and I did not consider
the prospect of a leak now that actually
figured in a conversation I recount in
the book that Loretta Lynch and I had
the following week where she appeared to
be saying to me it would have come out
anyway basically but that's not why I
made that decision because I didn't know
and still don't know as I sit here
whether people in the FBI office in New
York we're leaking hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
