evening Rachel and I've been sitting
here I've been taking notes I haven't
missed a word of this and I just want to
get your first reaction to what you
think are the highlights of what you've
just discovered in the last hour it's
hard when you're in there doing it
yourself but there were there moments
where you kind of popped and went oh I
didn't see that coming well
listen Lawrence and the interest of full
disclosure dudes sitting right next to
me still and he's 6 foot 8 so it's a
little there's sort of a looming
presence in the room also I'm not sure
I've breathed yet because we just did an
hour-long interview basically without a
break I will say that it is important I
think to get director Comey on the
record right now live and in person at a
time when his memos which are part of an
active ongoing investigation have been
forced into the public eye and handed to
the people who are presumably subjects
of an ongoing investigation because of
Congress trying to make that happen
I'm glad that he's out talking to the
public right now at a time when he can
give context and explanation for those
documents when they're being used for
political reasons and I believe by
people who want to shut that
investigation down so I think that
having having him here able to talk
about that stuff in addition to what
he's able to spell out in the book in
terms of his relationship with the
president is a is valuable it's a public
service it helps us understand the other
side of what I think a lot of people are
trying to use them for based on my fast
read of the memos while you were doing
the interview I was listening in the
interview and greeting the members at
the same time what the basic thing about
them that's so striking is that James
Comey has used most of this material
already publicly in his testimony and in
his book there are a few items here and
there as you noticed when you asked
about Dana buente notes for example
about the suing I had just read that
that piece in the memo where he had made
a note of it and of course you you
caught it before here I rose up but I I
also am struck in the memos by the kinds
of detail James James Comey is a writer
I think that's something that a lot of
people in Washington are not used to
reading when it comes to
government official he makes
observations about the room that writers
make he takes in atmospherics he has a
way of describing generally conversation
with the president which I find to be
some of the best writing I've seen about
it talking about in the memo that it
covers the dinner conversation with the
president was like a jigsaw puzzle of
conversation with pieces falling out
here and there that you then try to put
back in and figure out where they're
going and so that's one of the
challenges he has and he admits to in
the memos with conversations with the
president and we've all seen this
publicly they are so disjointed and they
ramble in so many different directions
and they have so many tangents and
circles and references that aren't
completely clear that it is not easy to
write a note that summarizes the
conversations yeah and I mean I've
actually thought that was a helpful
right early reference that he made when
he talked about how the president seems
to speak in monologues even when he's on
scattered topics he doesn't necessarily
give you a way in I mean I've had
precisely one personal conversation with
President Trump in my entire life and I
found that to be true it was a it was a
it was a phone conversation where I
could have easily put the thing on
speakerphone and done a lot of work
while he was talking because there were
not very many moments for me to
interject I hadn't actually note how to
sort of characterize that to other
people before Comey wrote about it in a
way that I recognized inside yeah that
is actually the way that that I could
have described it you know but but
Lawrence what you're just saying about
what's in the memos it is a I mean how
do you prove your credibility right you
prove your credibility by not ever
getting caught in the lie
and by doing what you say you're going
to do and by accurately describing what
you have done and in the case of these
memos and that's why they're so
important as evidence we do have a ton
of consistency between what Comey said
publicly about those interactions with
the president what he wrote down
personally at the time and what he told
other people at the time and they wrote
down about those interactions and so
that level of consistency down to the
exact phrases from the president in this
Congress in his recounting them in his
writing them down and in him telling
them to other people who also wrote them
down that consistency is powerful
comes to evidence I mean it may all be
hearsay when it comes to these guys
being witnesses in any potential
criminal case but it's it's powerful
evidence of credibility and and frankly
sort of good tradecraft as as legal if
it as law enforcement officials for
getting this stuff right
some of James commis critics and the
House representatives are already out
tonight with a statement about the memos
of course let's just remember we're
reading these memos because they were
leaked they were handed over by the
Justice Department to the Republicans in
the House of Representatives today and
the clock started ticking on how many
minutes it would take for them to leak
them which which has now happened and
some of the critics are saying well why
didn't he take these kinds of notes in
his meetings with President Trump why
didn't he take these kinds of notes and
meetings with anyone else which is
something he's already talked about
publicly he took these kinds of notes
after the fact because he was disturbed
by these discussions right and I and I
just asked him about that I mean I said
you know why didn't why was President
Trump the only president who you've
served under obviously he served under
george w bush he served under barack
obama he was in high-level public
service even before those presidencies
why were these why why do these memos
exist but nothing similar to your time I
thought President Obama and he's been
consistent in explaining that all along
saying that he thought that these
interactions were notable that should be
preserved for posterity and in case they
ever needed to be cited as evidence or
in some sort of he said he said in the
future and it was because of what he
knew about the president as a person and
because he was having remarkable
interactions with the person in the
president's role and the president
elects role I mean the the kinds of
things that he was having to discuss
with the president and the president was
raising with him were very unusual were
unprecedented in his life and as we know
probably unprecedented in the life of
any law enforcement official by that
point and so yeah he took note of it and
I don't know how anybody's gonna use
that against him but I'm sure we'll see
congressional Republicans try and Rachel
one other thing that popped was the Rudy
Giuliani story Rudy Giuliani the news of
the day being that the president is now
engaging him officially as an attorney
representing him too as you described to
close the Muller investigation in the
next two weeks which is going to be a
fascinating legal miracle
see take place but when James Comey said
that Rudy Giuliani speaking publicly
during the campaign the way he did the
way you showed him speaking on Fox News
that that those kinds of comments
provoked investigative curiosity by
James Comey and the FBI when they were
being said in that campaign yeah he said
he said when he said he started an
investigation he ordered the initiation
of an investigation into the leaks
around that in around that investigation
around the Clinton investigation and he
told me right here that he does not know
what the outcome was of that
investigation because he was fired
before it was seen through that's
interesting I mean we know we've been
told that the Office of Inspector
General is looking broadly at the
handling of campaign related matters
during the 2016 campaign presumably that
might include whatever was going on with
Rudy Giuliani and these contacts that
mr. Giuliani said he was getting from
active FBI agents about current
investigations that he was then rushing
to tell both the Trump campaign and the
Fox News audience presumably that
includes that but I don't know if that
investigation that mr. Comey started
ended up as a separate criminal matter
or whether that was folded into the
Inspector General I imagine that we will
learn that soon from the inspector
general I think that IG report is due
out next month Rachel the last tweet
that I responded to before my hour
started here was someone at 9:59
tweeting Lawrence should give up his
time so Rachel can keep going with James
Comey and I replied okay with me
exclamation point and apparently the
control room didn't pass that along to
you but as you know Rachel this face is
yours whenever you need it if you wanted
to keep going with James Comey that was
perfectly fine with me you are a
gentleman and a dear friend and I would
never ever do that if only for the good
of the guest but thank you my friend
Rachel's great job tonight ground that
no one else had covered really really
appreciate it hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
