well joining our discussion now Benjamin
wood is editor-in-chief of lawfare
senior fellow at the Brookings
Institution on MSNBC legal analyst Matt
Miller is with us a former spokesman for
the for attorney general eric holder and
an MSNBC contributor and david fromm
senior editor for the atlantic and
author of trump accuracy the corruption
of the american republic and benjamin
witness you know James Comey or a friend
of James Comey you were one of the first
people to be aware of even the existence
of these memos in these conversations
that James Comey had with the president
I want to get your overall reaction to
what you just listened to in the last
hour well so I it's obviously a pretty
dramatic thing to see the to see that
interview kind of and the memos sort of
unfold through the lens of that
interview look the really striking thing
is that these memos say the same thing
as the book and that the book says the
same thing as his testimony and you know
as Rachel just said you know when you're
looking for indicia of credibility
consistency over time is one of the key
ones and particularly the ability to
recount in detail an incident that you
recorded and talked to people about in
real time when you then don't have
access to that material and to do it in
a way that's consistent in in in a lot
of particular details it's entirely
consistent and I think you know over
time that's going to sink in for for
people that you know this isn't a joke
this isn't an effort to smear the
president it's just what happened and
Matt Miller we see in the very first
memo that James Comey wrote he suggests
at that point a classification of secret
but he also offers to the archivist and
others handling the this memo that he
would accept any recommendation to
either raise or lower the classification
level so he was
himself deciding exactly how these memos
should be held yeah that's exactly right
and one of the other memos the one the
one that I think is probably the most
important where he reports on the
conversation with the president where
the president asked him to back off the
Mike Flynn investigation that is the one
that he gave to a colleague of his a
professor press or at Columbia Law
School and that that colleague gave it
to the New York Times that memo was
actually unclassified and that's
important because this has been the
subject of a good bit of dispute a good
bit of criticism from Republicans on the
hill who tried to argue that he leaked
classified information by doing so we
found out tonight it was confirmed that
that wasn't a classified memo and it
wasn't at least a violation of
classification for him to share that
with someone outside the government and
David Frum as we said one of the big
news items of the day is Rudy Giuliani
formally signing on as part of the Trump
legal defense team in the Muller
investigation and toward the end of
Rachel's interview James Comey reveals
that based on some of the things Rudy
Giuliani was saying publicly during the
campaign about possible October
surprises that the FBI at James commis
insistence started to investigate that
kind of thing at that time during the
campaign yes that was something can i
there's one thing that struck me is it's
a really picky thing but this is the
picky thing that I picked up on in these
interview and it's an indication what a
strange fantasy world the President of
the United States lives in James Comey
says that President Trump told him that
Vladimir Putin said we in Russia have
the best hookers in the world on a phone
call now supposedly according to the
record that is the very first phone call
the very first conversation that
President crumb and Vladimir Putin ever
had what a strange thing even for
Vladimir Putin to say but you know that
story actually comes from a press
conference that Vladimir Putin had on
television alongside the president of
Moldova in January 2017 Vladimir Putin
spoke not of hookers but of what he
called girls of lower social
responsibility and said but ours in
Russia had the best in the world he said
that on television in the course of
explaining why Donald Trump was innocent
of the charges in the steel dossier so
Donald Trump saw this it looks like what
happens don't
saw this on television as we all did
that internalize this as something that
Vladimir Putin said to him very
improbably and then told the director of
the FBI that this thing he'd seen on TV
was something the Vladimir Putin had
said to him and it's just resonates with
me as an example of how much of the
things that Donald Trump says that are
untrue or probably untrue as in this
case are things that he himself does not
know the truth or falsity oh hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
