of his renewing attacks on the molar
probe as a kind of partisan witch hunt
this was a really a hoax created largely
by the Democrats as a way of softening
the blow of a loss which is a loss that
frankly they shouldn't have had this is
a hoax that's new but it's not the first
time Trump has slammed the probe is a
kind of Democratic hoax it's a Democrat
hoax that was brought up as an excuse
for losing an election that frankly the
Democrats should have won I didn't make
a phone call to rush you I have nothing
to do with Russia everybody knows it
that was a Democrat hoax described
investigators as 13 hardened Democrats
some big crooked Hillary supporters and
zero Republicans zero Republicans except
for the two men in charge of the whole
probe one of them appointed by Trump my
next guest though says this kind of
misleading material is the whole point
Tony Schwartz famously co-authored the
art of the deal he says Trump is using
these attacks not by appealing to truth
or logic but appealing to voters anta
sees and the desire to see a partisan
witch hunt it's a similar to a marketing
technique described in the art of the
deal quote the final key to the way I
promote is bravado I played at people's
fantasies I call it truthful hyperbole
mr. Schwartz arguing the Trump's
approach works chiefly because of an
actual scientific phenomenon known as
confirmation bias I'm joined by Tony
Schwartz who as we've mentioned before
is much more than just that book he's
also the author of the way we're working
isn't working and the CEO of the energy
project what do you mean by this
confirmation bias confirmation bias
which runs across every ideology is the
instinct to see new information as
confirming what you already believe when
you look at that in this context do you
have to be in on it too to abuse it
would with Donald Trump who you know
would he be familiar with this term he
wouldn't be familiar with the term I
would suspect but he would be very
familiar with the technique to play to
people's confirmation bias so he knows
that for example the core base that he's
always appealing to
big confirmation bias they have is that
the bad people are out to get them that
it's not their fault that somebody else
is to blame and so he goes into a second
technique which is gas lighting he says
what you see is blue is actually red and
then he repeats that over and over and
over again until people begin to doubt
their own reality you're saying
something really important because if it
works as gas lighting in your theory it
both appeals to the people who feel in
on it wall maddening or even confusing a
lot of other people yeah I think it
first it first confuses those people
who's bias it reinforces it confuses
them because even though they have that
bias in order to make it okay they have
to tell themselves that what is true is
not true and what is not true is true
the the opposition is outraged because
it isn't true and what's so difficult
for all of us who are stunned by the
power of deceit from Trump is that he
can get away with it and it puts us into
an emotional state it puts us into it
for your state and so he's kind of got
the fear of aroused in the opposition
and the confusion are aroused in those
who believe fundamentally that the
worldview he's expressing is true even
though the facts he's expressing are not
true is that something that is unique to
people who really don't care about the
facts or is it something that anyone can
abuse it's an enormous advantage if you
don't care about the facts because
what's happening with Trump right now as
the circle closes and has as he sees the
the confirmation bias that always works
on Trump is that the world is out to get
him that he either
he either creates fear or he succumbs to
fear and right now that's the way he's
seeing the world and so everything that
comes along
is that and if you've got very few good
things happening a lot of bad things
happening and you have that personality
and that confirmation bias what you're
doing is you're getting more and more
paranoid you're getting more and more
detached from reality so there the
ethics of that which is something that
your work is focused on in calling it
out thing that's wrong let's deal with
it then there's the strategic utility of
it which is you're describing something
in a fascinating way that appears to be
working there is an oppositional
resistance movement against Donald Trump
that is powering an incredible amount of
energy and attention in the country
right now but what you're describing is
a process whereby he has maintained an
oppositional environment for him and his
supporters even though they're in charge
of everything the what's what Democrats
and opponents of Trump get wrong over
and over again is to try to argue the
merits is try to prove that the lie is a
lie instead of recognizing that what
they need to appeal to is the bias in
the people who are supporting him what
they need to do is be able to say we're
better at getting those bad people that
are out there after you then Donald
Trump is and to have them feel that
Trump himself is so aggrieved is so
angry that they can relate to him as one
of them because they're angry too so
reason actually becomes undermining to
your argument it's it's you I'm doing
the it's amazing what you say it that
way because I was just reading James
commis book and one of the things he
does is the very mistake you just
identified which is trying to use merits
to win over bad faith liars and it's
fascinating to hear him read him years
later still explaining why he was gonna
win these people over like he doesn't
understand that they're Liars out to get
him and that's part of what you're
identifying to I previously say one last
thing yes sir what we say to leaders
Trump's elite or we can't say it to him
but what we say the leaders every day is
the key to your being able to manage in
a complex world is to ask yourself over
and over two questions one what am I not
seeing to what else might be true that's
how you expand your world love that and
you've heard you say what am I not
seeing is always the question that is
the enemy of ego because you go
you've already seen everything
confirmation bias hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
