on fournier's a longtime friend of the
show personal friend of mine former
political communist who's now president
of a public relations firm in Michigan
he's left journalism so he claims which
makes him now and I'm buds Minh to tell
us all what to do now mr. Fortier
hello sir I don't buddy I'm good I gotta
think this column probably hits you the
same way it hit me it was a I got a very
smart observation yeah were it's a trap
I always tell people I'm aware it's a
trap it doesn't matter the trap was
built around me I didn't walk into it it
just is yeah look we all have rights
even obligations as citizens to question
institutions to question the presidency
when we think that the president is is
hurting the country you're not doing
things right and whether you're Pro
trunk or anti-trump that's all right and
even a responsibility I think the bigger
problem here is that that our
institutions including the presidency
and the Justice Department are under
attack first by just the forces of
change our country and society is
changing so fast that our institutions
aren't keeping up with us and and you
have two parties that wage asymmetrical
warfare against the institutions when it
suits their needs that's what's going on
in a big way I think so how does any
institution remain nonpartisan without
remaining silent well is it is our
obligation to remain nonpartisan or is
it our obligation to speak truth to
power to to express our point of view I
think as a citizen it called me as the
citizens now he's not an institution he
has the right and obligation to speak up
and so do people who are supporting
Trump the real problem is what what is
being done to the institutions or the
presidency in the Justice Department
when you have attacks coming from
political parties and and other
institutions well you think it seemed
well it does but you know it seems that
the trap call me Comey did fall into a
trap
he saw the partisan attacks and he saw
himself as like I've got to protect this
institution and he overcorrected like I
guess to me the Comey and frankly I
think some of us in the media do the
same thing sometimes I
I think I've made this mistake sometimes
were you over correct to try to calm the
criticism yeah if you lean so hard
trying to not be the to try to push back
on the perception that you're being too
fair you know that can have its a
rebound effect where you're not fair but
there's there's nothing wrong I hope we
never get to the point where it's wrong
to criticize the president or it's wrong
to criticize government it's it's not
our obligation to be nonpartisan for the
sake of being nonpartisan not as a
private citizen now in the media I think
that's our obligation as a reporter and
I know you work really hard to do that
and I think the Justice Department
certainly should be a nonpartisan entity
but an individual yeah James call it
Comey has gone put his neck out there
and he's getting chopped off but you
know isn't isn't that what a citizens
supposed to do no it is I think the
problem is that we have a feedback loop
and we've discussed this a feedback loop
it doesn't allow for nuance a gray area
and I don't know how much of that yeah
right like that's the we know what the
problem is but nobody seems to have a
solution for it yet Noah Feldman it was
my frustration with his column well you
not you and I started our career when we
were gatekeepers when there was a common
set of facts a common truth a common
sense of shame that it's all gone I
don't know how you put the toothpaste
back in the tube and in the old ways
they even look even look at call me back
in 2000 what was a 2006 kind of in a
different era he was seen by all of us
he was seen by the gatekeepers as
somebody who was nonpartisan and did the
right thing with Ashcroft now no matter
what he does he's gonna be attacked by
one side because he's gone too far or he
hasn't gone far enough so we don't have
that gatekeeper mentality now now we
have the wild wild west of public
opinion everyone is a publisher and
everybody is gonna attack anybody who
doesn't take their side and yes he's in
that trap if you want to call it what's
been interesting is that Comey did
yesterday is saying that he has some
regrets on some of the personal shots
he's taken at president Trump take a
listen
if I had it to do over again I wouldn't
put that paragraph in even though just
because it gave people of a handhold who
hadn't read the book to attack the book
now see this is my this goes to that
other phenomenon here look Comey did
what he did on announcing the Clinton
non charges at the time because he
thought he was going to try to keep the
FBI above politics but he made a
political decision to go above politics
and even there in his regret he saying
well I only regret it because others are
using it right he's all tied up in knots
and and look what happened to my point
you had in that same election for
several weeks you had the Democratic
Party attacking call me and for several
weeks year the Republican Party
attacking call me you know you can't win
for losing when we have this kind of
asymmetrical warfare against the
institutions and when Comey represented
the institution he was getting it from
all sides so you're no longer a
journalist what would you what would you
tell a young journalists today going to
journalism it is a hell of a way to make
a living to be able to speak truth to
power to be able to get as close to the
truth as you can and you develop a set
of skills that you can take a lot of
different places I decided to take mine
back home to Michigan and in an advocate
for some people and causes I believe in
Ron Fournier it's good to see you
virtually I look forward to catching up
with you in person pretty soon thank you
sir it's a place I'm Bob buddy you got
it man hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
