it is an old saying but in this context
it would definitely was new this whole
two-week effort has been a calculated
and orchestrated political hit fueled
with a parent pent-up anger about
President Trump and the 2016 election
fear that has been unfairly stoked about
my judicial record revenge on behalf of
the Clintons and millions of dollars in
money from outside left-wing opposition
groups and as we all know in the United
States political system of the early
2000s what goes around comes around goes
around comes around we have never seen a
Supreme Court nominee come out swinging
like that against his perceived
political enemies we've never seen a
Supreme Court nominee come out and name
his political enemies and furthermore
warm them what goes around comes around
we certainly haven't seen someone naming
his political enemies and promising his
revenge against them to be followed by
that person actually getting voted onto
the court so now we have new questions
nobody can force a Supreme Court justice
to recuse from any particular case I
mean who's gonna tell him to do anything
right there the Supreme Court but how
does anybody any American with any
connection to what he's now named as his
political enemies how do they handle a
potential case before him at the Supreme
Court it's like there's an alternate
court you can go to that doesn't have a
justice on it who's declared you his
enemy and that what goes around comes
around here's another new question right
now there are more than 2,400 law
professors who have signed their names
to a letter arguing that Cavanaugh
shouldn't be on the Supreme Court
because of what he displayed in his
confirmation hearing in terms of his
judicial temperament what will justice
Cavanaugh do to them
the next time they bring their business
before the court law professors have
business before the court all the time
have they just created their own
blacklist there's also of course
Christine Blasi Ford what will Brett
Kavanaugh do to her
if she asks local police to investigate
her claim that he assaulted her there is
no statute of limitations for felonies
in Maryland what if she decides to file
a civil suit against a sitting Supreme
Court justice
what will justice Cavanaugh do what
could he do given the position to which
he's about to ascend and then there's
the flip side of this what happens if
Democrats gain control of one or both
houses of Congress and they follow
through on their threats to continue to
investigate Cavanaugh not only for the
sexual assault allegations but for
potential perjury for potentially having
lied under oath to the Senate during
this confirmation process
how would he deal with that how would he
deal with that kind of what did he call
it orchestrated political hit once he's
sitting on the court joining us now is
Democratic Senator Richard Blumenthal of
Connecticut a member of the Judiciary
Committee senator Blumenthal I know this
has been a difficult and intense week
thanks for making time to be here thank
you actually first let me just get your
response to the state of play right now
and what we're expecting in terms of
that confirmation tomorrow afternoon I
have never been angry or sadder
as a member of the United States Senate
because it is the result of a cover-up
beginning with the concealment of
millions of pages of documents a sham
straitjacketed investigation of course
the refusal to give Merrick garland even
a hearing and now a moment of direct
threat that sickening and frightening
moment that caused John Paul Stevens a
former Justice of the United States
Supreme Court to say it was
disqualifying and as you mentioned 2,400
lawyers and professors to say that he
was unfit I've been emphasizing this
point about temperament which I do think
is disqualifying it was unaddressed by
Senator Collins this afternoon it's
really the elephant in the room and the
prospect of a Supreme Court justice
having in effect an enemies list I think
is truly petrifying for our democracy
and what's the remedy if you are worried
that he's going to follow through on
what he was threatening there obviously
the judge has written an op-ed in The
Wall Street Journal in which he says he
regrets some of the things he said he
didn't specify what things he said that
he maybe shouldn't have said maybe that
threat was one of the things that he
regrets is there any way to to try to
assuage these concerns or to have any
sort of corrective if he chooses to to
follow through The Wall Street Journal
op-ed was in effect an attempt to offer
cover for senators like Collins and
flake and mansion but here's the awful
truth that the testimony he gave before
our Senate Judiciary Committee was not
some spontaneous outburst he had written
it and he read it word for word it was
calculated and planned and premeditated
and what we can do now is very limited
first there is the request for recorded
are so they have placed themselves above
both the financial rules and other
recusal rules the prospect of a
continuing investigation I think is very
real because there are means that we
have to expose the truth I have in court
right now a lawsuit to force disclosure
of those millions of pages of documents
that reflect on potential perjury and
earlier wrongdoing in his career and
there's also an investigation that
should be undertaken of the way the FBI
was straitjacketed very likely by the
White House
NBC News I was struck reporting even
this evening that witnesses people who
say they have corroborating information
particularly around the allegation that
Deborah Ramirez made from from Judge
Cavanaugh's time at Yale are still
tonight bringing forward new information
still offering to speak with the
Judiciary Committee ahead of tomorrow's
vote still offering to speak with the
FBI even without that investigation and
being open in an ongoing way witness is
still coming forward the truth has a
funny way
coming out even in Washington DC it's
only a matter of time and the report an
excellent report relating to Carrie
Bertram who sought to be interviewed by
the FBI again and again and my office as
a matter of fact tried to intervene to
help her early on was never interviewed
just one of the probably 40 people who
should have been interviewed who never
were they have knowledge that knowledge
eventually will find its way to public
disclosure and I think will lead to
continuing questions and potential
investigation of Justice Cavanaugh if
he's confirmed Senator Richard
Blumenthal of Connecticut member of the
Judiciary Committee thank you thank you
sir and good luck over the next 24 hours
much appreciated thank you all right we
get to interview senators here which is
a privilege very very rarely get to
interview a senator who is plainly livid
as senator Blumenthal was there tonight
and we'll be right back stay with us hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
