the more we know about the Russia
investigation the more we realize how
much we don't know the best explanation
for where we are was actually made more
than 16 years ago reports that say
there's that that something hasn't
happened are always interesting to me
because as we know there are known
knowns there are things we know we know
we also know there are known unknowns
that is to say we know there's some
things we do not know but there are also
unknown unknowns the ones we don't know
we don't know come on this one I've been
creative spin lines ever so let's take
Donald Rumsfeld's lead let's start with
the most important of the known knowns
in the Russian investigation here's what
we know 19 people have already been
charged with crimes including the
president's former national security
adviser his former campaign chairman and
two former campaign advisers we know the
Trump campaign met with a Russian
operative in Trump Tower
we know the DNC and John Podesta's email
accounts were hacked
we know WikiLeaks published the hacked
DNC and Podesta emails and we also know
that President Trump avoids directly
criticizing Russia and adamantly denies
any collusion between his campaign and
Russia
there's no collusion there was no
collusion with Russia other than by the
Democrats this is a hoax as far as the
investigation nobody has ever been more
transparent but whether there was actual
collusion well that goes on the list of
known unknowns despite what the
president says we don't know if Trump
campaign officials colluded with Russia
there's some suspicion there's some
circumstantial evidence but we don't
know and if they did we don't know if
mr. Trump knew about it and we also
don't know if Michael Cohen will flip on
President Trump
well if Politico and the Wall Street
Journal report that President Trump some
of his advisors are warning that Cohen
could end up cooperating with the feds
now we don't know what will we learn
what we will learn from the FBI raid on
Cohen could be weeks before the legal
hoops are cleared for that evidence to
even make it
hands officially in to the hands of the
investigators and we don't know how much
of the steel dossier will end up being
cooperated and we also don't know if
president Trump will fire Muller and
Deputy Attorney General rod Rosen Stein
who is overseeing the pro' however he
didn't seem to rule it out again last
night they've been saying I'm going to
get rid of them for the last three
months four months five months and
they're still here so we want to get the
investigation over with done with put it
behind us okay get it that's pretty
clever not answer there by the president
we don't know if Congress will act to
protect Robert Muller from being removed
by the president and we don't know what
if anything Michael Flynn gave Muller's
team to get what is an extraordinarily
sweetheart of a plea deal and finally
and most mysteriously we have our
unknown unknowns which can basically be
summed up with one word Muller we just
don't know what we don't know remember
George papadopolis he wasn't on
anybody's radar before the special
council announced he had made a deal
with him and everything like huh we just
don't know how many George papadopolis
is or is it Papadopoulou Robert Muller
is sitting on the special counsels team
has kept such a tight lid on things that
when it comes to potential evidence and
charges they could have we actually
don't know hey they're armed Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
