alright let's turn now to Capitol Hill a
pair of Democratic lawmakers who say we
should be treating America's current
opiate opioid crisis the same way
Congress addressed the country's AIDS
epidemic thirty years ago senator
Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts and
Congressman Elijah Cummings of Maryland
join us now thank you both for being
with us we appreciate your time let me
start with you senator Warren talked
about the the scope before we get into
how to approach at the scope of the
opioid problem and you can start in your
state of Massachusetts if you like how
bad is it and why aren't we talking more
about it as a national epidemic it's bad
and you can look at the numbers we lost
2,000 people last year to opioid deaths
life expectancy in the United States has
gone down for the second year in a row
and the principal reason is young people
who are dying from opioid overdoses you
know those are the numbers but I'll tell
you this it's touched every family every
family in Massachusetts families all
across this country I've gone to
funerals I've gone to wakes it's hitting
everywhere in America this is a crisis
it's out of control and we need to have
a strong response to it
congressman Cummings what are you
proposing to do about this that's
different from some of the other
attempts that we've seen unfold in the
past year or so first of all we are
using a model that works Ryan White he
back in 1990 the Congress was wise
enough to pass Ryan White and basically
what this does is it gives a hun top
bill patterned after that would give a
hundred billion dollars over a course of
ten years so that states counties and
organizations can get the funds that
they need to address this problem the
way that they think it ought to be
addressed that money would also go to
making sure that we have sciencebase
treatment you know there are all kinds
of fly-by-night organizations popping up
saying that they treat people and really
they're not having very much of effect
at all as a matter of fact they're
discouraging a lot of people because
there
not getting well and then we want to
make sure that our daughters are trained
a lot of times people will come in for
assistance the doctor knows that there
is an opioid problem or drug problem
they don't know how to treat it or
because of the stigma which a Senator
Warren talks about a lot they you know
they say oh I don't want to be bothered
with this well the fact is is that a
hundred and fifteen people per day are
dying in our country and so what we want
to do is make sure that we come up with
the best and most effective and
efficient way to deal with this problem
yeah you know I should add one more part
to that and that is this bill also has
some real responsibility for the drug
companies we require in this bill for
the executives for the CEOs on the drug
companies to sign off that the drug
companies have marketed these things
responsibly that they haven't lied about
how they sell these things and there
will be personal responsibility if they
violate what they have signed and we
think it's time you know these are the
guys who push the pills this is a big
part of the reason there are so many of
these pills in circulation they have
devastated our communities devastated
our families we think there ought to be
some personal responsibility for that
senator the Jonathon lumi√®re president
Trump's plan to combat this crisis a lot
of it focuses on preventing the drugs
from getting in or punishments for those
selling them he's talked about tougher
border controls and then the most
headline-grabbing proposal the idea of
perhaps even the death penalty for major
drug traffickers do you think that's a
feasible and/or reasonable solution look
it's of course we want to reduce the
number of drugs in circulation whether
they're coming from pharmaceutical
companies or whether they're coming
across the border or whether they're
coming from some other illicit Channel
but let's be clear the problem of
addiction is a medical problem and right
now it is treated with enormous stigma
people don't get the help they need
family members don't recommend the help
that try to get help for their family
members
and we treat it differently from all
other medical problems you know because
we don't put the resources in think
about it this way
somebody breaks a leg we don't say to
them hey listen we'll put you on the
waiting list and we'll be able to take
care of your leg and maybe three four
weeks if something opens up someone
develops cancer we don't say okay you've
got your 30 days of treatment and then
that's it you're back out on the street
and on your own we say those are medical
problems we're going to do what's
medically necessary to get you to a
place where you can live your life
normally again we need to do the same
thing with addictions we need to treat
them like the medical problems they are
we want to get rid of the stigma we want
to bring our family members back home
speaking of disease keep in mind that
only 10% other people who need if
somebody we said to all of our cancer
patients in the United States look you
know only ten percent one out of ten
will be able to get treatment I mean the
Congress would probably go crazy is that
we've got to get away from the Sigma
addresses as a disease so that we can
address it in an effective and efficient
manner senator Warren I know you all had
a meeting a briefing at the White House
on this very issue on the opioid crisis
all of many of the agencies of the
government were representative talking
about this administration's plan to
fight the opioids a lot of people for
all the criticisms of Donald Trump and
this White House have given them credit
for stepping forward on this there was
something like four billion at least
dollars put toward the opioid crisis in
that omnibus bill that you voted against
do you think the Trump administration is
doing a good job on this and why did you
vote against that bill with all that
money in it look I was very glad to see
the Trump administration step forward I
am but what you have to understand is a
headline is not enough it's not enough
to say it's a problem it's that you've
actually got to put a plan together to
be able to attack the problem and that's
what congressman Cummings and I are
doing what we have proposed is the kind
of money that will really turn this
around
this is why we modeled it on the Ryan
White bill you know remember what it was
like back in the 1980s it was that the
number of AIDS cases kept going up year
by year and Congress would kind of
nibble around the edges and say we're
gonna do a little bit we're going to do
a little bit but not make a real change
and then when we passed the Ryan White
bill to honor this young man this this
13 year old who had acquired AIDS to say
you know as a country we're ready to
fight this we put real resources behind
it and that's what turned the tide what
congressman Cummings and I want to see
is real resources so we've proposed a
hundred billion dollars over the next
ten years the kind of money that means
that the towns in the cities and the
tribes and the organizations the health
care organizations that are on the front
lines will have the resources they need
to be able to fight back and that means
outreach it means treatment and it means
long-term support for people who real
change would you agree though the money
in that omnibus bill for opioid several
billion dollars was real money that
would have helped so look I'm glad to
see every dollar that helps you bet I am
but the point is we can't keep nibbling
around the edge this is a problem we
need to attack head-on and the way to
attack it head-on is to identify it and
to say here's enough resources to go
into it here's where the resources are
going to go we need to turn the tide on
this it's getting to be it's a problem
that's worse every single year we can't
just hold back and keep working around
the edges we need to hit it hit and the
federal government estimated that the
opioid problem back in 2015
cost our economy 500 billion dollars
right I mean think about that and we
have a tsunami of people who are dying
very long as I was at a dinner I come
out of the hotel of dinner and somebody
has thrown body out of a car and I asked
the doorman I said what is this he said
this happens all the time people are
together they run overdoses and they ran
for public place so that they can they
know you'll get some kind of treatment
well with country that's better than
that and what we're saying is that let's
not nibble around the edges because
while we nibble people die yeah well I
think you'd agree this is a problem in
an epidemic that should be free of
politics so we're glad that's exactly
right working with the Trump White House
to solve this senator Elizabeth Warren
and Congressman Elijah Cummings thank
you both so much we appreciate it thank
you thank still ahead this morning
Donald Trump says no president has been
tougher on Russia than him or more
transparent so what about the new
sanctions on Russia and why did he seem
to dodge a question on whether he plans
to fire Muller or Rosenstein plus we
will reveal Time Magazine's new list of
the 100 most influential people in the
world and the former Playboy model who
claims she had an affair with Donald
Trump reaches a deal to speak openly
about it her attorney will join us here
on set morning Jose back in three
minutes thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
