Shannon I want to show you something
that came out of the Trump event today
here we are as a nation in the wake of
the news last night of the death of
Barbara Bush the president came out to
the lectern read a a dignified statement
came to the length of the union between
George and Barbara Bush and proved that
even following the death of a first lady
there is a way to quantify competition
here's the passage in question Milani
and I send our prayers to Barbara's
husband of 73 years I'll never beat that
record yeah you know they give him a
script and you know he just he just
can't stick with it but yeah he does
have a way of making things about him
and that's cuz friends people who love
him would say yeah that's kind of cuz
he's a narcissist it all ends up coming
back to him at the end of the day and
and people who support him you know
don't mind that quality about him but
yes there is always a element of him and
everything he has to say thank you for
not checking that off as merely a foul
ball you took a full swing at it
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
