joining me now is the top Democrat on
the Senate Foreign Relations Committee
Senator Robert Menendez in New Jersey
who said today he would vote no on
pompeius confirmation senator let me
first start for your reasons for coming
to that conclusion well I don't think
director Pompeo will be someone who will
be a strong advocate for diplomacy as
the first line of defense I think he
grounds out what is becoming the
president's War Cabinet I'm concerned
about his past statements about regime
change both in North Korea and Iran just
mentioned a few and I'm concerned about
his record on what he has said about
people of the Muslim faith about the
LGBTQ community and others and democracy
and human rights around the world which
the United States promotes starts here
at home so those are many of the reasons
why I don't believe that he will work to
stop the president's worst instincts are
you supportive of efforts to engage in
direct talks with North Korea like the
Pompeo going there and possibly setting
up a head-to-head summit with the
president well you know ultimately I
worry about the president having a
meeting without the deep preparation
that has to take place primarily by our
State Department and our defense people
to maybe have a shot at having a good
meeting but you know what Kim jong-un
has done here is he set the the terms
and the time that he decided that he'll
engage with us he has received
international recognition by the
President himself agreeing to meet with
him and being legitimized in that way
he has ultimately said that he'll talk
about denuclearization but he's done
that in previous iterations never has it
been followed through on
and lastly looks like he's gonna get
some benefit from China in an enhanced
economic interaction for easing the
tension so he's he's he's in a good
place and so I worry that the president
doesn't understand what is necessary and
the underpinnings that's necessary to
achieve the possibility of
the goals of a denuclearized Korean
Peninsula there's a lot of back and
forth in the last 24 hours about Russia
and Russian sanctions particularly with
regards to Nikki hailey saying
announcing new sanctions those then
subsequently being rolled back the next
day people administration saying she got
out ahead of the curve and then her
saying no I did not do you understand
what's going on with this
administration's Russia policy no I
don't understand the administration's
Russia policy except this that President
Trump can declare the court order of a
judge to conduct a search warrant on his
former attorney or on his attorney aid
attack against our country but cannot
say anything about Valdemar Putin's
attack against our country in the
presidential elections and attacks that
are still going on in our election
process as we speak for the 2018
elections so it's mind-boggling it's
also mind-boggling and this is why I
could understand where ambassador Haley
thought they were going in a different
direction because the Congress
overwhelmingly passed and the President
had to sign sanctions against Russia
that are mandatory not discretionary and
no waivers for them mandatory that he
has yet to pass so ultimately one one
has to wonder what is it that the
president has such a reluctance to do as
it relates to Russia when they've
attacked us in what would clearly be in
any other iteration an attack on our
country and when they not only have been
baited Ukraine
committed as a chemical attack against
an individual on foreign soil or engaged
in other democracies throughout Europe
and in Mexico as we speak and so many
others so it's it's just mind-boggling
to try to understand that what the
president is all about when it comes to
Russia
finally the president ordered strikes on
three different facilities that
allegedly were involved in production of
chemical weapons controlled by the Assad
regime in Syria
two questions did you support those do
you support them and are you clear and
what the legal rationale is for those
strikes well I think that any sustained
engagement in Syria outside of ISIL
the authorization of Congress number one
number two what Assad did is barbaric
but we saw a strike a year ago we see a
strike now and at the end of the day I
don't know if this was carefully
choreographed because you have a strike
against three facilities the Russians
don't activate their defense missiles
against us
the Syrians shoot their missiles after
our missiles land and you wonder wait a
minute was this a choreographed Kabuki
show what really is missing here is a
strategy to end the disaster that is
Syria
let me make sure I understand that are
you suggesting that the White House used
some back channel to actually actively
coordinate with either Russia or the
Assad regime ahead of time before the
strikes well I certainly have to wonder
the Russians have a very sophisticated
defense system that they did not
activate the Syrian shot missiles after
our missiles landed and the Russians
were not hit at all in any of those
chemical weapons sites it's just too
many questions that raised the concerns
is did we act and show our indignation
but was it choreographed at least where
the Russians told stay out of these
sections and by the way don't don't
challenge us and if you don't challenge
us then you know everything will go as
planned I mean look the bottom line is
what's what's crying out here in Syria
is a strategy a strategy that isolates
Russia and Iran through the Gulf
partners to other countries in the world
for what they're doing in Syria that
ends the humanitarian catastrophe that
gives assistance to the Syrians who are
fleeing and that brings the process into
a UN broken system not the Istana
process where Russia Turkey and Iran are
deciding Syria's future and a good part
of the Middle East
all right Senator Robert Menendez thanks
for being with me thank you
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
