the Trump was asked what the United
States would demand from the meeting
well here's it
we've never been in a position like this
with that regime whether it's father
grandfather or son and I hope to have a
very successful meeting if we don't
think it's going to be successful mark
we won't have it we won't have it if I
think that it's a meeting that is not
going to be fruitful we're not going to
go if the meeting when I'm there is not
fruitful I will respectfully leave the
meeting and we'll continue what we're
doing or whatever it is that will
continue but something will happen well
earlier today President Trump confirmed
reports of a secret meeting between CIA
director Mike Pompeo and Kim jong-un
over the Easter weekend
Pompeii's also Trump's nominee of course
for Secretary of State
The Washington Post first broke the news
of the clandestine meeting which took
place over Easter weekend for more I'm
joined by foreign affairs analyst Bobby
Gus Ghosh Bobby if I were to write a
biography or a profile in real time of
Trump I would call it shoot the moon
every time he does anything he bets
against the market everybody else is
discarding their cards their spades he
goes for them he tries to get them all
and I'm just wanting this everybody says
you can't deal with this guy kim
jonghwan you can't deal with the guy he
just cares about self-preservation he's
gonna keep his weapons what's the good
that could come out of a meeting and
what's the bad that come out of a
meeting whether it's in Singapore or
Geneva well that's the problem he's he's
saying that if he feels he's not gonna
be successful he's going to leave the
meeting he has not defined what success
well stopping their nuclear develop
they're not they're not going to stop
then will they limit it the 10 weapons
they can't really use they're not going
to do any of that they know that the
only reason they have a shot at a
conversation directly with the American
president and they're not facing
American gun ships on their waters is
because they have the nukes the nukes is
what keeps that regime in life they're
not backing away from the regime there
they they will use this opportunity to
have a conversation it makes them look
good it makes them look like the great
so where does it take them okay to that
it just buys them more time to continue
their nuclear program that's all they're
looking for they're looking for time
they're not looking to make it even here
watch the press with
for Prime Minister obby of Japan meeting
they're having a little more pretty may
speak at some moment here at this moment
will but not now we just a picture
taking thing fine you know I want to
know how great
let's just talk you're at the table you
gotta advise the president our president
oh what's this guy one well he wants to
preserve his life he wants to continue
to be this little guy having fun you
know he's a boss of the countries the
king basically okay he's gonna do that
but his country's never gonna get any
better or richer it's never gonna become
a great country to be proud of
he's never gonna reunite with the south
the nuclear problems aren't gonna work
then why I'm sorry gonna get him
reunited to South he's not gonna be any
better than he is that just be older
probably die young like his parents
since grandpa's he's why do you think he
wants to pursue that is it her a better
line for him to say you know what I
played this card really what all the
nuclear cut I got all I can get out of
it diminishing returns from here on I'll
make a deal there's because we're out
for a deal I think there's no indication
that he or the regime cares for anything
more than their own survival
making his country richer making his
people better off and there's no
indication that they care about that
it's all about preserving that regime
this is a hermit Kingdom this is not a
kingdom that is really nice all they
want to be in contact with the rest of
the world their idea of what the world
is and their place and it is very very
different from what you and I or any in
so it's very different than each Germany
where you can watch on television and
see how well the Westerners are doing
they don't get to see on television how
South Koreans live no they don't and
they and and they've been told
constantly on television on radio that
we're the greatest this is the greatest
country in the world the superpower is
on its knees the American president
wants to talk to us you know who's just
as likely to walk away from the meeting
if they don't feel that they're getting
a good deal kim jeong-hoon he walks away
he looks good
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
