however he's also lashing out at the
Russia investigation calling it again a
democratic hoax here's how he answered a
question just minutes ago about whether
he'll attempt to fire special counsel
robert muller or Deputy Attorney General
Rod Rosenstein this was a really a hoax
created largely by the Democrats there
has been no collusion they won't find
any collusion it doesn't exist
well recently two gentlemen you told me
about they've been saying I'm going to
get rid of them for the last three
months four months five months and
they're still here
well recent reporting suggests that amid
all of this the president is preoccupied
as you could tell from that with the
threat posed by the FBI's raid on
Michael Cohen The Washington Post is now
reporting that the raid quote deeply
rattled the president and has distracted
him from the responsibilities of his
office quote Trump was so upset in fact
he had trouble concentrating on plans
that were laid out for him that day by
his national security team about
potential options for targeted missile
strikes on Syria as NBC News revealed
just last week that raid has diminished
the prospect that the president will
undergo questioning by Muller though I
suppose further reports that Trump has
become convinced that quote mowers team
was operating in bad faith he's now
taking out his frustrations on his
lawyers according to a source Trump has
grown increasingly agitated railing
against member of his the legal team the
leaguer team another person says that
Trump's up said then he hasn't been able
to attract top-notch lawyers he's
looking to attract now new legal talent
well join me right now is actually
Parker what else reported for the
Washington Post chill wine banks is a
former Watergate prosecutor and MSNBC
contributor Jonathan Lemire is a White
House reporter for The Associated Press
and Nick compass ory is a political
reporter with the New York Times and an
MSNBC political analyst I want to start
with Ashley and your papers reporting
the president seems to be according to
reported and I accept that reporting
really worried about what might come out
of that bag of tricks
that were in that had been in the hands
of Michael Cohen and I'm wondering can
you target his concern is it possible
other women issues settlements whatever
anything like that what what do you
think it what do we think in your
reporting he's worried about well I
think it's important for us to separate
the president from sort of people in his
orbit and people in the West Wing people
in the West Wing in his orbit are
incredibly worried about what they don't
know what Michael Cohen they know he's
sort of a
shady guy who fixes problems for the
president and was known to record
conversations with associates and so
they're very worried about what might
come out from him the president our
understanding was yes he was worried but
he was more sort of frustrated and angry
with this idea that Muller's team was
operating in bad faith he felt like as
you just said in that press conference
he had been cooperating with them and
when that read happened he felt like he
really had no idea where the
investigation was headed and again that
they had sort of breached this trust so
his was more anger at Muller's team but
then in his orbit there's a lot of
concern about what Michael Cohen may
have his finger is it why want to stay
with you on a question here of the in
the baseball terminology Michael come on
was a utility infielder I mean you
didn't know which position he's going to
play he had some row in his business
interest in Russia he had a lot of role
in covering up for his affairs and
relationships with women we know that
what didn't it seems to me there's a
number of areas of pressure points here
and fire in the fear of Trump I mean if
it comes out that this was a pattern and
practice with with stormy Daniels and
with Karen McDougal and there's all lots
of them out there that's certainly going
to be an embarrassment to him in his
marriage and everything else if there's
a Russian overlay between his business
interest in getting in the midst of the
universe contest and that sort of thing
going over there and his developing
presidential campaign in the event the
extent that you're interlocked and they
would be interlocked in the case of
Michael Cohen's work as as I said he's
the Anoat utility infielder he covers
the all this stuff can you narrow down
what he's worried about it we just have
to speculate at this point well it's a
little bit of both we know that
investigators are specifically looking
into the role Michael Cohen played and
paying some of these women who had come
forward with allegations about affairs
with the president to stay silent so
that's a fact they're actually looking
at that and gathering stuff on that but
what you said you know utility in
infielder he's sort of like the trash
man he makes bad things shady things
things you don't want in your house go
away and so there is some speculation as
to what else he might have been involved
in as an outside adviser said to me the
other day the big concern is we don't
know what other sort of stoop
stuff Michael Cohen may have been up to
that brings in other people well let's
take a look now what the president said
just minutes ago about the Russia probe
here he is on the molar probe have you
concluded that it's not worth the
political fallout to remove either
special counsel Muller or Deputy
Attorney General Rosenstein Jennifer I
can say this that there was no collusion
and that's been so found as you know by
the House Intelligence Committee
there's no collusion there was no
collusion with Russia other than by the
Democrats this was a really a hoax
created largely by the Democrats as a
way of softening the blow of a loss as
far as the two gentlemen you told me
about they've been saying I'm going to
get rid of them for the last three
months four months five months and
they're still here Nick Kevin Surrey so
is the rivalry between the Washington
Post and New York Times what have you
got on the reasons why he is shaken
according to the post I assume by you
why is he more worried apparently about
what Michael Cohen has in this box his
box of stuff his tapes
perhaps tapes of conversations with
Trump all kinds of things lists of cases
he's had to work on dealing with these
women's situations by the way they all
turned out to be true nobody's ever said
and nobody believes when he said it
didn't happen look the problem right now
for Trump is that the Muller probe is
now essentially a cat scan comes
personal life and his business empire
and and the Kushner business empire and
the reason it's also a cat scan of his
personal life it's because part of his
personal life involves having affairs
and paying off women he was having
affairs with that's tremendously
embarrassing Tim nominee Cohn levels and
Michael Cohen was central to each of the
elements we've now seen that the
president is under investigation for he
was a conduit for bringing some money
from the former Soviet Union into the
Trump business empire he was involved in
setting up the hush payments and of
course his involvement in setting up
those payments is meaningful in a
campaign finance context Chris because
if he was acting as an agent of the
Trump campaign then those payments
become contributions that are excessive
and illegal and that Haygood Sarah
Porter book $2,700
correct or else they're gifts of some
kind is weird thing let me go let me go
let me go - Jonathan what do you have
that what do you think's going on
because I keep getting this sense that
this is bothering me no it's is it the
unknown or is it the known because he
knows that he had Michael Cohen dealing
with Russia for him his business
enterprises over there he also know that
he he tends to entangle things Trump
yeah it almost seems to be part of one
enterprise what benefits Trump yeah
there's a great overlap in the Trump
Network in that exactly that way we've
reported on the this week - there's a
great fear of this level of increasing
level of exposure then not only that the
president now faces but his inner circle
and as adult children who worked
side-by-side with Michael Cohen at the
Trump Organization who did have as you
say business dealings you know in some
shadowy foreign capitals who was
involved with catch and kill payments
with national enquirer
try to squash you know embarrassing your
stories about the president's personal
life and there's the idea that this
crossed that red line that there's yeah
that Robert Mahler's probe went past
beyond the ID mirror idea of Russia
collusion in the president's mind and is
now ventured into his business dealings
his personal life and he feels like
that's greatly overstep let me go to the
judge let me go to jail and I says
anybody who go over in the courtroom
would be like the boxer says No Mas I
can't take it anymore
there's too many things coming at me
that was that what the middle white guy
I can't take it anymore I'm getting up
out of the ring I mean if they've got
all this personal stuff they got the
women god knows what n number of n there
are and then you go into the question of
the Russian connection the money he's
trying to make over there maybe thinking
he wasn't gonna win the presidential
like somebody's going to turn a profit
out of it who knows and Mike big
question is now they got Michael Cohen
they're not just squeezing him at with
potential prison imprisonment
they've got all his documents not just
his word to play where they got a lot of
stuff in that treasure trove they pulled
out of his office including tapes where
they can really squeeze this guy it
seems to me that he's gonna have to talk
or go away for a long time there's no
question that he's in severe legal
jeopardy and that it's turned into a
really interesting case and you're right
people are saying there's so much it's
hard to follow and all of this is
happening very publicly I'm sure it's
very embarrassing
to the president he settled the lawsuit
with Karen McDougal the Playboy model
today and that is a major compromise on
his part he doesn't want that going
public anymore and so he didn't want to
have to be deposed and he probably
didn't want his lawyer to have to be
deposed Michael Kohn so that one is very
quietly now out of the picture it isn't
she's free to talk but is it she's free
to talk you just spilled the beans
so Karen Rico gonna be on the cover of
every weekly glossy magazine every time
you go to Safeway you're gonna read it
by Karen McDougal as a little side story
here right and there's nothing stopping
if we're done all she has to do is pay
back about 70 K today am I for it and
then she's free to talk and sell she'll
be on 60 minutes God knows where won't
she be and that's a pretty good story
cuz that's a long-term affair that's not
a one-night stand relationship your
thoughts I agree with that completely
and if she doesn't even have to pay back
the money it's only if she makes a
profit going forward she will have to
share the profits you know she keeps the
hundred and fifty thousand dollars so
it's a brilliant settlement it's a very
good deal it's everything she wanted
okay she proceeded quietly behind the
scenes and got exactly what she wanted
and we'll have to find out what other
women may have gotten paid off when we
find out what's in the documents that
were seized from Michael Cohn's office
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
