mention the New York Times reports that
the parent company of the National
Enquirer the American media incorporate
ami has released Karen McDougal from the
contract that barred her from discussing
her alleged affair with the president a
lawyer for the former Playboy model
tells The Times it's a total win we got
everything we were fighting for and this
settlement comes just after federal
investigators seized materials as I said
from Michael Cohen which quote included
information about America media and the
MacDougall's suit let me go back to
Ashley is this going to be an yet
another area another tributary of news
coming out of this people will be
finding that as a sidebar at least
probably front page top of the fall left
side tomorrow it's still going to be
there you're smiling because these
things just metastasize these you have
to really devote yourself to keeping up
on all these fronts your thoughts well
the reason some of these stories have
taken on a life of their own and the
media is because you know Karen McDougal
and stormy Daniels and certainly her
lawyer are incredibly media savvy I mean
they're savvy generally but their media
savvy in a way that rivals the President
himself on a different track you're
seeing that with James Comey in his book
tour and the stuff that proves a problem
for this president is the stuff that
Cink can sort of compete with him in
terms of social media savvy television
savvy and suck up some of that oxygen
that he's normally so capable of sucking
up and using to kill other things often
times with this president we sort of
there's four or five issues and scandals
going on at once and there's only the
bandwidth to cover one or two but what
these women have done and what we'll see
now that she's freed from those terms
and what Comey has done has been able to
use the media to sort of rise into the
ether to get covered in the same way the
President does let me get back to Joe
the the under the way they pulled they
win that they pull off that rate of
Michael Cohen's office where the agents
able to take a peek and see what they
got there I know all the law but they're
not supposed to use but then they get a
pretty good sense of what they had in
their hands they would know that they
were getting documents that fit within
the search warrant so if there was a
certain category of evidence that they
were looking for all electronic
recording devices they would take all of
those they haven't listened to them yet
I understand
some of them are encrypted and the FBI
is going to have to unencrypt them in
order to listen to them documents they
wouldn't have really looked at they
would be picking out a file that says
Russia it's not labeled Russia
how about names of women who we haven't
heard their names before in the file cat
it seems like any reasonably conscious
agent I'm sure they're all conscious
would see the pattern in that Jorah cos
he only had apparently three clients one
of them Hannity and the other one this
other guy who hate they've paid off the
1.5 for the abortion everything and then
there's Trump everything else is Trump
in that drawer well the interesting
thing is there is no attorney-client
privilege for anyone else so if he only
has those three clients then anything
that deals with them and when I say
three that's assuming that Sean Hannity
is a client which he may or may not be
he says he says he is but he may be
anyway but giving him that there's only
three so there's a lot of other files
I'm sure that will involve other people
and if Donald Trump is innocent and if
he has nothing to worry about why
doesn't he just waive the privilege and
get this over with Richard Nixon waived
the privilege for John Dean to testify
he wrote a letter saying he was free to
talk about any conversations they had
had so that's something that there's a
precedent for him if Richard Nixon can
do it then so can the president let
president Trump waive the privilege and
let's get this whole investigation over
with if he wants it to happen faster he
should stop obstructing it he should
stop interfering and stop complaining
about it Nick the likelihood of that
zero to ten look I'll give it a five
right guys because you know he could get
into a box and what happened with kamek
Duggal was he got into a box it was
worse to keep he might be able to deny
Karen McDougal
that's exactly the importance of that
settlement though of her being free to
talk is that the catch and kill practice
with the National Enquirer was one of
the walls around his personal affairs
and she has just shown that that wall is
now going to crumble and if there are
other people like her that we don't know
about it will embolden
them to come forward and say hey how
about my story there's a suspicion that
the National Enquirer zoner the ami
buckle today John because of the
break-in or the rate into Michael
Cohen's office they've got this stuff
yeah I want to they don't want to
stretch this out anymore that these two
events very well be linked that there's
probably not just a coincidence this
comes today a week after the cone raid
and it must be pointed out on this Karen
McDougal news as she decides what sort
of media strategy she wants to have
today stormy Daniels see the pictures
the pictures are there there they are
stormy Daniels in her attorney today
finally got a rise out of Donald Trump
he other than that one question or two
questions he took on Air Force One about
storied annals has avoided this topic
but today on Twitter he responded to the
sketch that the album got a final
question to actually who whose amazing
it this stuff actually how close is he
to just throwing his hands up and saying
no mas I can't take all this legal
exposure so many things coming at me can
I trade this office to get out of here
how close is he just breaking up I mean
you guys have said this guy's really on
edge here how close to nothing I would
take it our understanding and this does
not just apply to this moment but is the
president was sort of shocked to find
out at least initially that being
president is not actually like being
King and there are a lot of aspects of
the job that he finds sort of greeting
and tiresome and he doesn't enjoy that
said the president is a fighter and the
more you see him under assault the more
you see him coming and fighting and
hitting back so I would be skeptical
that he would sort of just throw his
hands up and give up I think more likely
option is another tweet for instance
everybody better keep their sense of
humor about this situation Thank You
Ashleigh for great reporting for the
post again Joe wine banks thanks for
your expertise it's amazing how
Watergate is such a useful reference
point is that Jonathan Lemire thank you
of AP and they come to serve the great
New York time hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
