tonight I'm obsessed to the legacy of an
iconic first lady barbara Bush who died
yesterday at age 92 is being remembered
as a matriarch an advocate for literacy
and of course a force of nature she had
strength and tenacity and just a
wonderful sense of humor I heard his
speech and contrary to popular belief I
did not fall asleep the pearls are to
cover the wrinkles which they no longer
do you can't wear pearls all over your
face I read something today and said Jeb
is boring try living with him when her
son was president she was quoted as
saying I may be the only mother in
America who knows exactly what their
child is up to all the time on the topic
of aging her advice never asked anyone
over 70 how they feel they'll tell you
and at Wellesley College in 1990 28
years ago she predicted the future
somewhere out in this audience may even
be someone who will one day follow in my
footsteps and preside over the White
House as the president's spouse and I
wish him well
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
