sickening that is the word I kept
hearing this week from sexual assault
survivors who felt they were being
ignored by the majority of the in the
United States Senate that is the word I
kept hearing from women who've never
experienced sexual assault but felt that
the majority in the United States Senate
does not believe that the word of a
woman is of equal value to the word of a
man sickening is the word I kept hearing
from the people who opposed Brett
Cavanaugh's confirmation which is
according to polls a much larger group
of people than supporters of Brett
Kavanaugh is confirmation Brett
Kavanaugh is the least popular Supreme
Court nominee in history and is on his
way to becoming the least popular
nominee ever actually confirmed he's the
least popular nominee to actually get
confirmed the last nominee with Brett
Kavanaugh as polling numbers Robert Bork
was defeated in the Senate vote in that
case the United States Senate followed
the Express will of the people not today
and that adds something profoundly
disturbing to the sickening feeling that
opponents of the Cavanagh nomination
have tonight there is an unfortunate
truth at the base of what most people
are feeling tonight and that truth is
that the Senate is not a democratic
institution that is the sickening core
of what we feel deep down when we watch
the Senate work the Senate destroys the
American illusion of democracy as it was
designed to do we are allowed to ignore
that uncomfortable truth most of the
time but not now the founders
deliberately created an anti-democratic
institution and called it the United
States Senate that was not the founders
only anti-democratic design the founders
did not believe in democracy they
experimented with it they did not allow
most people to be voters their
experiment in democracy was to only
allow voting among men white men that
group
white Republican men you saw sitting in
the Senate Judiciary Committee was the
founding fathers idea of what democracy
was supposed to look like
that's what Senators were supposed to
look like and that's what voters were
supposed to look like most adults would
not be allowed to vote in the founders
design most of them no women were ever
supposed to be allowed to vote according
to the founding fathers that's why there
were no founding mothers no black people
were ever supposed to be allowed to vote
because slaves were never supposed to be
allowed to vote no uneducated people no
poor people different states instituted
different rules about how much land you
had to own or how much wealth you had to
have or how much you literally had to
pay in a poll tax so that you could cast
a ballot but even that favored white
male minority that was allowed to vote
was not allowed to vote for president
and they were not allowed to vote for
United States senators they were only
allowed to vote for electors who would
then meet in an electoral college and
those electors would then decide who the
president would be and those electors
were free to vote for anyone they wanted
to be president the founding fathers
didn't think mere citizens would ever be
wise enough to vote for a United States
Senator so that was left to the state
legislatures to decide who the United
States senators would be the founding
fathers did not believe in democracy
they never believed in one man one vote
and they certainly never believed in one
person one vote and so when it came time
to design the United States Senate since
they were not believers in one man one
vote each state would get two senators
the big states would get two and the
tiny states would get two and I can
understand how that seemed kind of fair
at the time but they never dreamed that
there would one day the estate called
California with a population almost the
size of England and that Delaware would
become even smaller in relative size to
what it was then compared to the big
states when it was a founding member of
the United States of America
the population gap between the big
states and the small states is bigger
than ever and keeps getting bigger all
the time so the votes of New Yorkers and
Californians become worth less every day
in the United States Senate compared to
the votes of people in the Dakotas and
Wyoming and most of the Confederate
States and so the Senate is now deeply
undemocratic in getting worse every
single day people who live in countries
that have never really pretended to be
fully democratic don't feel the
disappointment and sickness that
Americans feel when democracy so
obviously fails people in most countries
are realists about the limits of their
so-called democracies an American
realist knows that the federal
government has never even tried
democracy not for one day and so today
in the United States Senate the senators
who represent 55 percent of the American
people lost an important Senate vote
again I love the Senate when I worked
there just loved it everyone did and
everyone was proud to work there like
everyone else in the Senate I looked
down on the unruly and unsophisticated
House of Representatives with its
gerrymandered districts but after my
first few years working in the Senate it
was slowly dawning on me that the Senate
was an unfixable crime against democracy
and that is truly sickening that is at
the base of what people are feeling
today you live in a country where the
founders believed you would never be
smart enough to vote directly for a
United States Senator and they were
wrong about that
they were wrong about a lot but it does
mean that you have to work much harder
in this country if you really do believe
in democracy if you want to elect the
United States Senate with a majority
that actually represents
a majority of the people than you and
everyone you know who feels that way has
to work much harder than the founding
fathers ever believed that you could or
you would and that means that every
election matters whether it's a midterm
election or a presidential election year
and it means most importantly in every
state that every vote matters the vote
for United States Senate but the
founding fathers never wanted you to
have thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
