Marty to you first you were sitting just
two rows behind where the the window
blew out where a passenger was almost
entirely sucked out of the window walk
us through what happened well I like
quite a bit for work and you know I'm
very accustomed to flying and you know I
you know 20 30 minutes in it was just
your typical flight and you know we all
have that feeling when we fly when you
get a little bit of turbulence just in
the back of your mind you're like is
that is this it and then almost 99% of
the time you make it on the ground but
as we were going through this experience
you know to hear of a boom and then
moments later for all the oxygen masks
to deploy I didn't have much time to
think and then when you when we heard
another sort of explosion then that was
the window going out just to two or two
rows over from me I felt like my life
like ever like all my hopes all my
aspirations everything I've ever wanted
to do was just just taken from me Wow
so you really felt that it was it was
gonna end yeah no absolutely and all I
could think about was you know the fact
that I hadn't talked to my mom you know
ten days prior and that you know my dad
tried to call me earlier in the week and
I was like all calling back and it was
just it was a very gut wrenching feeling
and all I can truly think about was I
need to get in contact with the outside
world and rather than put on my oxygen
mask I thought I'm gonna buy Wi-Fi and I
go I reach from my laptop and you know
it was frantically looking for my wallet
and was trying trying to quickly I
didn't know how much time I had left and
trying to quickly punch in the numbers
and ultimately I was able to get on and
then okay success and then I had to
think about who I was gonna reach out to
first you know I didn't know how much
time I had left was that mom was it dad
what do I say to them you know to my
little brother you know sometimes they
can be hard on them and you know my team
back home
it was just a terrible experience so
what made you decide to go Facebook live
I I'm a marketer by trade and I just
thought it was it was a way to reach
people on mass and I knew it wasn't
about reaching people I don't know it
was about being able to reach my friends
and colleagues and and things like that
and as it's going down I don't know if I
have five minutes right eight minutes or
ten minutes and all I could think about
was was just getting getting to the
outside world and letting them know that
you know what was going on what the
state of everything was Joe what
happened with you you were in front of
the engine that went out I was right
next to it so I got a window seat
literally right next to the engine and
as soon as I heard that boom the oxygen
mask dropped down you know everyone kind
of went to a little panic tried to stay
calm just look out you saw it yeah I
look right out the window to my left and
and she was totally all black destroyed
man did you think and I was just trying
to just say it's not in my control you
know and see if I could help anyone that
needs help around me just try to stay
calm it's no reason to you know freak
out I'm just you know trying to do the
best I can and you know try to you know
get on Wi-Fi as well which was very
difficult to do and start texting you
know my family members and just you know
let them know you know what was
happening and you know just trying to
you know the woman next to me was you
know upset just let her know it's gonna
be alright it's gonna work out and just
stay positive - turning the whole
experience you you you - were safe but
there was a very different story from
one of the passengers on board you were
seated just a few rows away from her and
people on the plane trying to pull her
back in there was a nurse there was an
EMT how did all that happen yeah
everything just happened so quickly you
know what with everyone's adrenaline was
running and no one thinks you're it's
one thing for the oxygen master to
deploy and you know there's a small
sliver of a chance that sure I might
survive this you know nothing appears to
be wrong and then when
the window explodes you think there's no
way I'm gonna get out of this maybe
they're there you know more part of the
plane is gonna will will leave us too
and to me the scariest part was on the
descent down because it was a very
violent
I feel like descent and we heard on the
intercom
you know everyone brace yourself brace
yourself brace yourself and I look over
to my right and I see the city that I
didn't recognize and I was like how
close are we and where are we landing
right you know I felt like I feel that's
scary because you're pretty close to
this I felt like I could touch the top
of the building and immediately I'm like
are we running into a building are we
landing on a freeway or a suburb I had
no one that makes this all the more
fascinating Chris Hart former NTSB
chairman and a licensed commercial pilot
Chris this is a plane pretty much
anybody who's flown is probably seven
you know as a passenger it's the most
successful commercial jet ever it's up
there this stuff doesn't happen but one
thing that can't get lost in this is
what Marty was just saying the
complexity of a pilot having to turn
into an airport that is near an urban
area with an engine out on a commercial
plane with a hundred and fifty people on
board first I would start with
condolences to the family and friends of
the passenger who passed
having said that she's the first
passenger who's been killed from from a
from an engine explosion such as this
one since 1996 so more than twenty years
it's been and that's kudos to the system
the robustness of the system and how
safe it is and the training of the
pilots and the training of the
controllers and the robustness of the
airplane to be able to to come through a
very unusual situation like this as
successfully as they did Chris one of
the benefits of two engines or four
engines or whatever on a plane is that
there are redundancies you can lend as
this Tammy Joe Schultz the pilot of this
plane proved with one engine but it's
it's it's complex landing a big airplane
like that when you've got only the
thrust of one engine you have an
emergency on flight you've got one
44 passengers in various degrees of
panic or concern what tell us about
landing a plane in that sort of
situation the airplanes are designed to
be able to fly safely with the loss of
one engine and pilots are routinely
trained in loss of the engine and
simulator then takeoff landing all
phases of flight so so I'm sure that
these pilots were well trained to handle
this situation regarding loss of an
engine even if it's lost not just
because the engine quit or lost oil
pressure but actually had an uncontained
explosive so one life was lost but you
two are sitting here your lives were
saved
the pilot tammyjo you heard her just a
moment ago as we had the sound from
speaking to air for two people on the
ground you only heard from her once over
the intercom if she were here now what
would you say to her
yeah she's look she's a hero I mean what
she did for you know everyone was just
unbelievable how she stayed calm to we'd
you know we didn't hear from her during
the whole during this whole situation it
was just quiet completely quiet flight
attendants were you know trying to get
everyone calm get the oxygen you know
flowing people screaming the plane or
everyone was quiet no you had people
kind of screaming and crying and you
know trying to get in touch with their
loved ones but the pilot was totally tan
captain Tammy Schultz was totally just
totally cool didn't say one word just
did her business and then as soon as we
landed she came out made sure everyone
was okay hugged everyone and said all
right let's get on another flight let's
do it Wow Marty did you get to shake her
hand hug her when you landed no to be
honest the opening of this show was the
first time I like you know see what she
looked like and you know I was walking
around last night you know it's been a
whirlwind of texts and calls and I felt
like with every breath I took with every
you know step I would take that I just
felt so lucky and you know to see your
face and to see you that is like I wish
I could hug her and and thank her
because I I mean without her I think
this tragedy would have been
much worse and and really with the 150
passengers on board any one of us could
have sat in that seat yeah and I don't
know I just sold my soul I feel so very
fortunate I feel like it sort of changed
your outlook on life Oh totally you know
like I was I was going down I felt like
like my whole future was robbed of me
you know I think we are victim of this
we get we make plans in the future and
we say I'm gonna I'm gonna take that
trip I'm gonna I'm gonna do that thing
and and when in reality life is so
precious and and it can just be taken
from us you know at one moment to the
next now it hasn't been now you have the
gift of life do you see your outlook
changing at all Joe um no I think I'm
just trying to move forward and just be
positive and you know just tryna just
move on with with everything so I'm
happy
you know most people are okay obviously
you know that one incident with the
woman horrible but I'm you know I'm you
know just try to move on for myself do
you feel comfortable getting back on a
plane I do I have to do you know I was
kind of running the numbers you know
that all these flights take off so many
times and but and in a year I think
there's maybe like 27 million like
flights a year or something like that
and this hasn't happened in 10 years so
what are the odds 370 million you know
maybe over ten years of flights I'm
gonna have to get on the flight again
it'd be a long walk home guys
we're glad that you have been safe and
that you were here thank you for telling
us about how things went down Chris part
thanks very much Chris Hart is a former
NTSB chairman and he is a commercial
pilot Marty Martinez and Joe Marcus were
passengers on that flight and again we
want to thank Tammy Joe Schultz big
honors to her yet another American hero
that saved a lot of lives yesterday hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me
or click over on this list to see lots
of other great videos
