joining us now the top ranking Democrat
on the House Intelligence when Adam
Schiff of California congressman good to
see you this morning what's your take
haven't heard your public comment if
there's been one about Mike Pompeo strip
now confirm this morning by the
president United States to North Korea
over Easter weekend to meet with the
dictator there Kim jong-un good news for
diplomacy I think it is good news for
diplomacy and I'm glad that the meeting
took place
look it's much better than the footing
we were on before where we had the
president States and the supreme leader
comparing the size of our nuclear
buttons so this looks like preparations
into a real talk between our president
and the leader of North Korea at this
you know up until this point I think we
were wondering is this really going to
happen did the South Koreans relay an
accurate message but it looks like it's
going to take place the the challenge is
this is a very high-stakes endeavor when
you start out with a summit of the top
leadership if the president finds that
his winning personality doesn't cause
North Korea to denuclearize overnight
does that mean the president is going to
conclude okay this was a waste of time
it's time to use the military option I
hope our administration understands this
is a long-term difficult endeavor
negotiating with the North Koreans if it
was easy it would have been done
successfully before and it hasn't this
president Trump deserves some credit up
to this point for how he's handled the
situation obviously zlata
had a lot of help from North Korea from
South Korea brokering these
conversations with North Korea and South
Korea sort of opening its doors in a way
it hasn't for a couple of generations
but should the president get some credit
up to this point well we'll have to see
whether this bears any fruit I think
before we can give credit it's so
present how's he doing with it
you know it's a mixed record honestly he
has been all over the map as you
indicated earlier at times he said Rex
Tillerson was wasting his time seeking a
diplomatic option he was saying we
should you know go to the military
option and now he's on a different track
he may be once again on his war footing
a week from now so I'm gonna reserve
judgment frankly I cut out too early
appraising the president
earlier in the week for the announcement
that we were going to impose sanctions
on Russia over their support for Bashar
Assad and gassing his own people and
that praise turned out to be far too
premature congressman Schiff this is
Eddie Glaude could you say a little bit
more what what are your what are your
thoughts about the Trump
administration's walk back of the
Russian sanctions and I and I want to
pair it with the question about your
thoughts of James Comey and his book
tour and how he's trying to become the
face of the resistance so talk a little
bit more about what you think of Trump's
walk back of the truck of the Russian
sanctions and and what Comey is talking
about these days you know it's very hard
to make out what just happened here in
terms of the Russia sanctions I thought
it was a very smart approach I said so
that we would target facilities that
were not likely to kill Russians that
wouldn't escalate the conflict further
that would send a message to Bashar al
Assad and then we would combine it with
sanctions that was a good way to hit
Russia but a safe way to hit Russia I
have to think that nikki Haley was not
out there announcing sanctions that were
going to be imposed on Monday with that
kind of specificity without broad
agreement without getting a green light
so whether the president got cold feet
or whether the president simply changed
his mind I don't know but I certainly
would not place a responsibility on
nikki Haley I think she's too competent
to have massively messed up by
announcing something that had not been
agreed to in terms of James Comey look
I've always found him to be honest and a
straight shooter I don't think he's
saying anything that he doesn't believe
to be the case but he made very serious
errors of judgment in violating the
Department policy particularly around
the time of the election it was highly
consequential and there's no mistaking
that and I also think there was a double
standard and how the Clinton
investigation was treated and how the
Trump investigation was treated so I
don't begrudge him the opportunity to
tell his story when he's constantly
under attack by the President and I and
his accounts are consistent with his
Senate testimony they're consistent with
the memo
that he wrote they're consistent with
what other witnesses have said about his
interactions with the president so I I
fully credit him as opposed to what the
president is saying but nonetheless he
is going to have to explain to history
why he made the judgments that he did
congressman peggy noonan here sometimes
I'm thinking as you speak do members of
your caucus of the Democratic caucus
ever get together these days and say to
each other in the age of Trump what do
we in the Democratic Party believe in
what do we stand for what are the hills
we would die on and do you ever hear of
your Republican colleagues having such
conversations not about tactics and
strategy but the meaning of things we
certainly do within our caucus you know
we have a lot of you know kind of
soul-searching and as well as strategy
sessions within our caucus how do we
approach this issue what's the right
thing to do what's the best agreement
that we can reach what's the right thing
for the country so we do wrestle with
this as as you would hope that we would
as for my GOP colleagues I have to think
that they do that as well and I'm always
struck frankly when I walk down the
hallway and I'll have one of my GOP
colleagues sometimes very senior members
of the GOP conference say to me in a
hushed tone keep doing what you're doing
that of course is a heresy for anyone in
the GOP to say something like that but I
think they recognize the challenges
facing the country they need people to
be speaking out even if they feel at the
moment they're not able to do it I wish
for them would frankly and and I think
McConnell's announcement that he won't
take up this bill just reinforces the
idea that when this dark chapter of
history is written about the Trump
presidency some of the harshest
criticism will be reserved for the GOP
leadership and its unwillingness to
stand up for the rule of law and our
institutions when the country really
needed it and we just had your
Republican House colleague Charlie dent
on the show a few minutes ago who
acknowledged that part of the reason
he's leaving early is because he is
exhausted by President Trump congressman
Adam Schiff of California thanks so much
as always we appreciate it
thank you coming up new reporting on the
depth of the president's relationship
with Fox News host Sean Hannity
including the other Trump connected
attorneys to whom he reportedly has been
tied morning joe is coming right back
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
