Mitch McConnell might think that women
finding their voices and using their
First Amendment right to petition the
government is intimidation but come next
year he could gain a Democratic
colleague at least in the house who
herself is a history direct-action New
York Democrat Alexandria lo Cascio
Cortez done the political establishment
this year by winning a primary over
Congressman Joe Crowley part of
Democratic House leadership she's on the
ballot for Congress November and she
joins me now how are you hi how are you
how are you feeling today
well frustrated upset disappointed but
I'm also fired up I'm think that we're
gonna be really committing a very hard
not just to organizing through November
but also organizing through the next
four six years I think and we really
just need to to take this country and
bring it back to the basics of democracy
I want to I want to this was a theme
today from Republicans about all these
protesters there which to me you know I
sort of feel like yelling at an elected
representative is literally definition
of a free society
that's that's what a free society loves
you can yell at someone in power they
can't like come to your house and take
you away yeah yeah they didn't like it
so I want to play you chuck grassley
talking about mob rule get your response
take a listen they have encouraged mob
rule when you hear things about get in
their face bother people at every
restaurant where you can find a cabinet
member these are coming from public
service there are a setting example of
civility in American society and it's
been made worse by what has happened to
judge Cavanaugh I hope we can say no to
mob rule by voting to confirm judge
Cavanaugh
no no mob rule well first of all
American democracy is built by the
people for the people
it is our attempt at Americans pursuing
self-governance but you know I think
that if a lot of these Republican
senators are upset
at the reaction that's going on maybe
they should stop running away from their
town halls maybe they should visit their
constituents maybe they should pick up
the phone maybe they should answer
emails but because they are running away
from the basic tenets of democracy our
job is not to preside over our
communities our job is to listen to our
communities our job is to serve our
communities and we are when we are not
serving our communities by making sure
that we are vetting justices that we are
pursuing due process that we are
listening to sexual assault survivors in
our communities and we aren't doing our
job and these folks are not doing their
job how are you gonna get along with
these people in Washington I mean I
think you're gonna win and that's a I
don't know I mean you know till the bell
rings but you're in a very heavily
Democratic district you're going there I
mean you're going at there's time where
people were talked about how it's broken
and it's so polarized both of which I
think are true
and you're also coming really as an
outsider at a moment where I think
people like or watching what happened
today and want to storm the gates and
you're gonna actually do that so well
that's what's what's your plan well I
think a lot of it has to do with
changing our strategy around governance
you know there's a lot of inside
baseball and inside the beltway as you
you know you always hear that term
thrown around but there are very few
organizers in Congress and I do think
that organizers operate differently it's
a different kind of strategy and what it
is it's really about organizing and and
really thinking about that word
organizing segmenting people being
strategic in their actions in really
bringing together a cohesive strategy of
putting pressure on the chamber instead
of only focusing on the pressures inside
the chamber that's really interesting
that you know organizing also one of the
things I think about organizing too is
it's a lot of it's about listening and
keeping an open mind right I mean you
you're gonna have decisions that you're
gonna have to encounter with your
constituents might have different
politics and yeah the folks you
represent mm-hmm yeah absolutely and and
I think that's that is part of why we've
been so successful in the district is
because people understand that our
campaign and and my candidacy has
specific point of view but also in part
actually largely in part because I do
not take any corporate lobbyist money
they know that I'm working for them they
know that they can call my office and
pick up the phone and say hey you know
this is something that we disagree with
and that I have an obligation to listen
to my community you've done you've done
some interesting stuff in terms of who
you're listening to and that's I think a
real question right now right like who's
Congress listening to you saw these
survivors telling their stories you've
done stuff with immigrants and who are
undocumented and I think what survivors
as well in your district what is that
been like well you know in this this
political moment is so unique and
sometimes I feel like I have this job of
being something of a social worker or
even a therapist in my district because
this period has been so Rita has been so
retraumatization especially in a country
where we do not have reliable access to
health care let alone affordable health
care people alone mental health care let
alone well health care this has been a
very difficult time for immigrants for
women for survivors for people who just
care about the health of American
democracy it's very stressful and so
that listening diffuses a lot of the
tensions in our communities and it's a
form of active work beyond just
legislation or beyond just policymaking
it's really getting hands deep and our
hands dirty in our communities and
saying and finding the issues that we
need to solve instead of just waiting
for them to to wash up on our door and I
think that really what we're seeing here
with Cavanaugh with with all of this
stuff is just a complete abdication of
responsibility of our responsibility as
representatives when you are when you're
at the point where you are blaming your
own constituents and calling your own
constituents a mob that is the exact
opposite of being our representative
that is the exact opposite of being a
public servant and that tells me that
those folks anybody regardless of your
party if you have that attitude you
gotta go you finally there's a new issue
of Vanity Fair out that has you on the
cover that's you I'm trying to think you
the last person with the Bronx on the
Vanity Fair
it's probably been a minute yeah it
probably has I mean who knows Inc JLo is
gonna say probably yeah I had to
nominate who you know what maybe Lynn no
no Neil deGrasse Tyson no congratulation
maybe I think Judah was probably the the
the most likely I'm Alexandra Casio
protest is always a pleasure when you
come by thank you very much thank you so
much hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
