there's no indication that Muller is
going to be fired I don't think the
president's going to do that and just as
a practical matter even if we passed it
why would he sign it so you don't think
it's a good idea you don't think it's
something the president would entertain
or should entertain well I don't think
you should fire mower and I don't think
he's going to so this is a piece of
legislation that's not necessary in my
judgment I didn't see none of your
colleagues fear it enough to say it
should be in there I'm the one who
decides what we what we take to the
floor that's my responsibilities the
majority leader will not be having us on
the floor of the Senate
that's Senate Majority Leader Mitch
McConnell yesterday saying legislation
to protect Special Counsel Robert Muller
is not necessary
joining us now member of the judiciary
armed services and Veterans Affairs
Committee Democratic Senator Richard
Blumenthal of Connecticut Senator it's
good to see this morning we've asked
this question now for months where does
the confidence for Mitch McConnell and
others come that the president United
States won't take steps to have Bob
Muller fired given the news reports
we've had two of them at least it
suggests he's wanted to do exactly that
I think that's really the question of
the moment
history is watching there is no reason
for confidence that the president is
going to avoid firing either Robert
Muller or Rod Rosenstein and that's why
we simply cannot afford to roll the dice
and go over the cliff if that's where
Donald Trump takes us democracy is not
shatter proof the norms of history
apparently matter little to Donald Trump
nor does the rule of law and that's why
I think this legislation is gaining
traction the latest draft will probably
be voted within the next 10 days by the
Judiciary Committee we are working hard
to resolve all of the issues with the
Chairman senator Grassley as well as
others so I think there's a bipartisan
consensus building does it matter though
senator from Akana won't even bring that
to the floor you have Thom Tillis for
example came out over the last couple of
days strongly supporting your
legislation something he's believed has
been necessary for a long time so there
are Republicans on board as you say but
if
Mitch McConnell who said again and again
this legislation isn't necessary I won't
put it on the floor as saying forget it
does your bipartisan work even matter at
this point I think there's a growing
groundswell within his own caucus as
there is among the American people that
will carry that and persuade him that
there's a historic obligation here to
show the president that there will be no
tolerance for his firing the special
counsel I agree with Mitch McConnell of
course that the special counsel should
be permitted to finish the investigation
reach a full fair conclusion but he has
tried twice to fire the special counsel
there's no reason for confidence and the
argument against it the principled
argument is a constitutional red herring
that we've largely addressed in re
grafting this bill now the president's
order if he fires Robert Muller is
addressed by the courts after it happens
within an expedited 10-day period and so
there's really no constitutional
question here senator Blumenthal good
morning a question on another issue
facing the Senate Mike Pompeo is
nomination for Secretary of State do you
plan to support that nomination I will
oppose that nomination
I believe that director Pompeo has shown
a disdain for diplomacy putting military
action at a higher priority
he has devalued religious tolerance and
women's reproductive rights and health
care and not only in this country but
around the world I think he sets a poor
example in terms of American values so I
will strongly oppose his nomination and
I think it will go to the floor if it
does with an unfavorable vote from the
committee on foreign relation do Senator
Chris Murphy said earlier this morning
that he thinks Pompey owes trip to North
Korea to lay some groundwork for a
potential summit with Kim jong-un and
president Trump was good not bad simply
because it shows that there's some
legwork going into this do you agree
with that assessment the preparation
certainly is welcome there's no way that
Donald Trump should go into that meeting
without a lot of groundwork being laid
in fact some of the agreements perhaps
already reached but as director Pompeo
is the wrong person to be engaging in
diplomacy we need a Secretary of State
and not a CIA director doing that work
obviously the CIA director and their
equivalent director of intelligence have
been the ones interfacing up to now but
really the diplomats need to take over
and lay the diplomatic groundwork not
only with the North Koreans but also our
allies and partners in the region and
around the world senator what do you
think will happen in the Pompeo
confirmation vote do you think your
Democratic colleagues will vote as you
will against his confirmation do you
expect to pick up any Republicans what
will happen there certainly will be at
least one Republican and likely more to
vote against his nomination predicting
it right now is pretty hazardous because
a number of my Democratic colleagues so
far haven't made up their minds but I
think there's a growing sense that a man
who has disapproved of women's
reproductive rights not only here but in
programs that reach around the world
someone who has shown a disdain for
religious tolerance in his past
statements about Muslims as well as put
a priority on military action first
almost as a first resort not a last and
that is really contrary to the approach
that even defense secretary mattis has
urged in the Middle East where he said
diplomacy is necessary I think that kind
of person is unqualified for the job
Senator Richard Blumenthal Democrat of
Connecticut we appreciate your time this
morning thanks senator thank you coming
up next we'll bring the ranking member
of the House Intelligence Committee
congressman Adam Schiff we're back in a
moment thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of
around us to watch more for morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
