all right the branch of government
charged with maintaining and enforcing
the rule law in this country Department
of Justice has been facing unprecedented
and potentially transformative attacks
on its legitimacy many coming often
directly from the president nine states
there's no one better to discuss the
attacks on the rule law in the
Department of Justice in this country in
my next guest the man who led the
Justice Department under President Obama
from 2009 to 2015 former attorney
General Eric Holder it's great to have
you here first I just want to ask for
your recollections of Barbara Bush she
was a formidable woman and exhibited a
quality that I think is so lacking in
our in our our lives now class she was a
woman of class and I have to say that is
true of her husband as well I would not
say that they were ideological soulmates
and yet I had great respect for them
I've gotten to know George W Bush a
little bit and he exhibits I think that
that same characteristic class you're
here at this table at a time that many
people feel the Republic is in peril
that that were we're nearing a crisis
point do you feel that way yeah I think
I've said this and I don't think it's
hyperbolic that I think our democracy is
under attack if you look at the question
of gerrymandering the question of voter
suppression if you look at the way in
which the norms that have normally kind
of cabined the way in which government
interacts with the people the way in
which government people in government
interact with each other a lot of these
things are falling by by the wayside
what do you say that people say you know
was it's all held so far you know the
country hums along and unemployment
slowed and robber Muller's continued I
mean look you would talk about
independence the Justice Department SD
my rated the president's lawyer the
other day that's a pretty it looks like
everything's actually functioning yeah
our systems are holding but they are
certainly being pressure tested and
that's not necessarily a good thing I
mean the fact that we have the ability
to say that a lot of this pressure is
being placed on these systems and that
they are standing in place it's not
necessary in a normal situation that
pressure should not be applied to the
situations
the institutions in the way that they
are in the way that they have been does
the president have the authority to
father fault to fire rod Rosen Stein I
don't think he has the ability to do it
directly on the other hand there I don't
wanna give them any ideas but there I
think if he were to rescind the
regulation that we talked about Muller I
mean was in Stein I mean Rosenstein rosa
Stein yes yeah he could do that would
that be with that constitute in your
mind more evidence of instruction where
he to do that
I'm not necessarily by itself constitute
obstruction the question would be what
was his intent in doing so but it would
play into a narrative that I think leads
one to conclude that the president
probably has engaged in some obstructed
behavior you know James Comey obviously
making the rounds this week and some
that you worked with had had
interactions with in government what is
what is your assessment of his character
and his truthfulness I think he is a
truthful person I think he's a man of
honor a person of integrity I think he's
also a person who made some really
serious mistakes and I wrote an article
after he held that FT released that
material in which I said that you know
good men can make mistakes and I think
that's what happened to Jim in 2016 but
in terms of his credibility I think that
that is a touchstone for him he tells
this he tells the truth you know he had
something to say about you that I wanted
to get your response to about his birth
specific case which was the David
Petraeus case yeah and and this is him
saying I thought David Verdejo should
have been prosecuted not just for the
mishandling of classified information
but also for lying the FBI because lying
is it strikes at the heart of a rule of
law in the country in the end the
Attorney General the time Eric Holder
decided he would be charged only with
the misdemeanor mishandling of
classified information did you go too
easy on David Petraeus did you step into
that chain of authority that to reduce
the penalties he faced no I've followed
the recommendations of all of the
lawyers who were involved in that case
including the United States Attorney who
had the responsibility for that matter
and taking into account all of the facts
in that case and some unique
circumstances and take
to account the recommendation that came
from from Jim that from Jim Comey I
thought that the resolution that we
ultimately decided was was a broker it
was not a political determination on
your hand the day of betrayus his
political capital meant that charging
him with a felony would be politically
toxic no I did that never entered my
calculation at all I you know I knew
General Petraeus as a colleague for a
very limited amount of time and yeah in
terms of politics that never entered
entered my mind
yeah one of the things about watching
Muller go to work right now it sometimes
feels to me like is it true that they're
just a bunch of really egregious
white-collar crime that's us hanging out
there that is not prosecuted like
palmata for its pattern of doing what he
was doing with his various bank accounts
and real estate dealings it was out
there in the public wmic reporting on it
and here comes mother and he puts out an
indictment that tracks the reporting on
it and it makes me wonder like should I
think that there's a lot of stuff like
this that just isn't being prosecuted or
is there something special happening
here with the people around the
president Circle I'm not sure about that
I mean you know there's a lot of crime
that happens I think generally that
doesn't get reported people are stealing
things at a grocery stores you know
there are people doing things in banks
that they shouldn't be doing a lot of
drugs moving around that never get
busted yeah and but when it comes to the
things that are truly consequential
truly important I think that law
enforcement generally generally not all
the time but generally focuses its
attention on those kinds of matters and
and generally holds people to account
what is molar strategy here as you watch
it development wow I think this is a
classic case he's building from the
bottom up you know and people have to
understand that this is gonna take some
time this is a bit early about a year or
so into this for my my view of this I
was thought this was about a two year
case really yeah and that but I think
they've been really moved almost at
Lightspeed what they have done in that
in that first year but this is you
building from the bottom up you build
the cases that you can and try to flip
people until you work your way you know
up to up to the top it's a classic
public corruption case
I want to I want to play you something
that Mitch McConnell said about
protecting Mahler and I thought I was
interesting about whether there will be
legislation introduced there's been some
movement in the Judiciary Committee
there's some interest from Thom Tillis
Republican in North Carolina Chuck
Grassley a Republican as well this is
what Mitch McConnell had to say about it
say take a listen there's a move afoot
among some of your colleagues just to
make sure the president doesn't get rid
of Mahler too institutionally shield
Muller from being fired how do you feel
about that well that's not necessary
there's no indication that Muller is
going to be fired I don't think the
president's going to do that and just as
a practical matter even if we passed it
why would he sign it I'm the one who
decides what we what we take to the
floor
that's my responsibilities the majority
leader will not be having us on the
floor of the Senate what do you think of
that you don't build a hurricane wall
when you see Katrina five miles out from
the shore you know I think there's a
basis for us to conclude that Bob Muller
potentially could be fired by this
president so let's put in place
mechanisms that would prevent that from
happening you think about the chaos that
would be unleashed in this country the
the constitutional crisis that this
nation would have to face and
undoubtedly then have to try to endure
you can take this preventive measure
that would stop all of that in its
tracks why do you think they won't do it
I think that they are afraid of angering
the Trump base which is the Republican
base and we can't make that distinction
anymore
this notion there is a trump base which
is different from the Republican base is
inconsistent with all the polling I
think that we've seen they are concerned
about making sure that their base comes
out to their base coats in November that
their base is behind them that people
who sought to deal with primaries and I
think it's some basic level at some
basic level they're afraid oh do you
understand that base is motivated
primarily or in large part by racial
animus no I'm not sure about that I
think there's a lot of fear that this
president has certainly stoked and he
has certainly used race as a mechanism
to engender that fear but I don't think
that is a primary motivate
of the above the Trump base what about
Jess sessions you know he is uh he's an
interesting interesting case he's a
person I think who is kind of stuck in
the 1980s you know and in the failed
policies of that era the notion that we
want to you know get as many people as
we can put them in jail for as long as
we can and think that that in and of
itself is the way to keep the American
people safe without really looking at
all of the things that have happened
since then do you does it strike you
there's a contradiction between the
weather way the president talks about
the rule of law when it's people like
Rob Porter who was accused of domestic
violence by two different women and he
talked about there's no due process for
him and he talks about how there's no
attorney-client privilege he's a real
kind of almost bleeding-heart liberal
public defender minded person when he's
talking about due process and
protections for people in his inner
circle and when he talks about drug
dealers he says we should execute drug
dealers and and we should deport all
these immigrants how do you make sense
of those two different ways the
president talks about law and order well
he believes the situation of law and
order and there is no way that I think
you can resolve the tension that you
have just described he is not a believer
in a base in the rule of law he wants to
make sure that those people who he likes
the people who support him are treated
in one way and those other people
whoever those other people are are
treated in a different way
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
