self-declared moderate Republican
senator Susan Collins once again to
proved to be a pivotal vote for the hard
right trump agenda
the only thing moderate it turns out
about her it turns out about her
approach to Kavanagh was I guess her
timing Collins wasn't the first
Republican to support him she was
effectively the last and she announced
her vote after another Republican
senator Lisa Murkowski broke ranks with
Mitch McConnell to say that after all we
have learned in her view Kavanagh is not
the man for the job right now I did not
come to a decision on this until walking
into the floor this morning I believe
that Brett Kavanaugh is a good man I
believe he is a good man it just may be
that in my view he's not the right man
for the court at this time not the right
man for the court meanwhile her
colleague senator Collins offering a
rebuttal to that in a 50 minute speech
defending Kavanagh and arguing that to
deny him this promotion would be
effectively to presume people guilty
this is not a criminal trial the
allegations failed to me be more likely
than not standard therefore I do not
believe that these charges can fairly
prevent judge Kavanaugh from serving on
the court
moments after Collins made her
announcement Democrat Joe Manchin said
he's also a yes vote drawing protests as
these scenes were playing out Cavanaugh
today decided to add one more word he
took the unusual step of running an
op-ed in the conservative Wall Street
Journal which follows when his
appearance on Fox News to suggest at
least to those audiences that he quote
might have been too emotional at that
Senate hearing he went on to tout his
own fairness and blast vicious
allegations against him and violent
threats he alleges against his family in
a moment I'm gonna go to our all-star
panel legal political and otherwise to
get into all of this but we begin with
US Senator Richard Blumenthal a member
of the Judiciary Committee a man who has
been a part of this debate from the very
beginning if this vote count holds that
would mean that senator Mitch McConnell
wins again in your view is that an
acceptable result or did he win dirty I
am as sad and angry as I've been as the
United States Senator because the only
way that Republicans are succeeding is
because they control all three branches
of government and they have engaged in a
cover-up from the very start of this
private process they have concealed
millions and millions of documents and
I'm going to court through a Freedom of
Information suit to force the release of
those documents but it will be too late
for the vote tomorrow and they have
short-circuited and straitjacketed and
investigation by blocking the FBI from
interviewing more than 40 witnesses who
could have provided the kind of
corroboration that Republicans
themselves have said has been lacking so
I think there needs to be an
investigation of who dictated that
witness list and who placed constraints
on the FBI you're drawing different
conclusions than Susan Collins she went
right after dr. Ford's credibility in a
speech that was to be accurate that was
meandering it was bizarre at times in
the sense that it seemed to want to be
all things to all people while landing
on a
clear result here she was seeming to
undermine dr. Ford for witnesses she
named could not corroborate any of the
events
none of them called her the next day or
ever to ask why she left not a single
person has come forward to say that they
were the one who drove her home as you
know senator Susan Collins chose to
seize the spotlight both in the way she
wavered in her decision and the way she
announced it today and yet as I
mentioned in trying to say so much in
her speech it seemed at times if she was
that she went further than just voting
for Cavanaugh but also seemed to go out
of her way in closing to say that maybe
you shouldn't believe dr. Ford can't you
vote for Cavanaugh without going that
far did she go farther than she needs to
did you see a new side of her today what
did you make of it the Republican
storyline has been consistently their
talking points have been repeatedly of
course they believe survivors they
believe them but they don't believe that
the survivor here doctor Blasi Ford
correctly identified the sexual asylum
and essentially the Republicans can't
have it both ways that believe but
really ignores the very credible and
powerful testimony of dr. Blasi for that
she was 100% sure in fact she repeated
it in that testimony so absolutely
powerfully and here's the other point
the absence of corroborating evidence
only because the investigation was
prevented from going to those 40
witnesses for Deborah Ramirez and for
dr. Blais report who could have provided
corroborating evidence you can't have
corroborating evidence if you refuse to
look for it
it's fairly put a senator Blumenthal on
what you described as a disappointing
day in your view thank you very much for
joining us I appreciate it as promised
we turnout NPR legal affairs
correspondent Nina Totenberg eleanor
clift washington correspondent for The
Daily Beast
Eleanor as we say around here that's my
best McLaughlin impression it's weak and
near a tenet of former top aide to
Hillary Clinton and our president CEO of
the Center for American Progress
dealer's choice I could start anywhere
but Illinois begin with you was this
time different or was this effectively
more or less a rerun a reboot of Anita
Hill in the way it all ultimately played
out if you think of these as two
bookends of women bringing allegations
and then denying them what happened with
the Nita Hill when Clarence Thomas looks
almost innocent compared to today I
think it was Nina Totenberg who said
nobody cried over Anita Hill when she
was testifying it was she was cool
professional it was a workplace
harassment there were lots of tears shed
by women and maybe some men too when
Christine Blasi Ford testified when
Clarence Thomas was confirmed 11
Democrats voted for him in a Senate that
was controlled by Democrats the two
parties made a mess of thing but it was
a bipartisan mess you couldn't single
out one party and say it was their fault
I think the Republicans are clearly at
fault here and I would use some of the
same words the senator Blumenthal did as
a cover-up
it was a shame
FBI investigation they didn't find
collaboration because they didn't really
want to look for it and so to be clear I
mean senator Blumenthal says that as a
participant on the field as as Team Blue
you happen to be adorned in blue today
that may be a coincidence but you're not
you're saying as an analyst who covered
both the gender the gender rift here now
is stronger along party lines in your
view yes I would definitely say that and
I think there's there's a poison that's
now been injected into the Supreme Court
this is not going to end with this
confirmation I think journalists are
going to continue to seek out people to
corroborate dr. Ford's story I think you
could have Democrats trying again as
senator Blumenthal have pointed out
trying to get the ordering documents for
this investigation to sort of prove if
you will that the White House dictated
the parameters and that they didn't
really want the truth now
I don't know where any of this is all
going to lead and maybe it's it's it's a
it's fools it's a fool's errand because
you can't really unseat someone once
they're on the Supreme Court but Susan
Collins to have her stand up for that
long speech to basically try to reclaim
the moral high ground for the Republican
Party and justice Kavanagh I I think
that's really a blight on her her career
a blot yes Neera I mean I I would add to
that I would say that Susan Collins did
and incredibly she basically did a very
partisan speech she laid out rationales
that really nobody believes and she went
to bat for Team GOP that's basically
what happened here and the idea that she
wrote that speech this morning I think a
lot of people who look back in history
and say Susan Collins and and flake
could basically worked with the White
House to have an FBI investigation which
would provide them cover and at the end
of the day they were always going to
vote for Brett Cavanaugh and wanted an
excuse to do it well you're making an
important point in astute political
point as you often do here that relates
to some of the underlying issues of who
do you believe and and a feminist
critique of what's going on but you're
also making a raw political point which
is that Suze
Collins was cast as wavering when in
fact she may have been mitch mcconnell's
closer absolutely i think the idea that
she was really ever in doubt has been
just gamesmanship and truly just her not
leveling with the voters of may and so I
think now just going forward I do think
that Democrats progressives and
independent voters if you look at the
polling independent women have been
moving strongly against Brett Kavanaugh
and really the answer here is to engage
in the elections because if we don't
like what this Senate did we need a new
Senate to act differently in the future
and I want to be clear since we talked a
lot about who's saying what Nina and
what's true and some of it's not always
immediately provable what Neera is
stating as a view about Collins is at
odds with her claims so somebody is
right or wrong somebody might be
misleading no I'm gonna play it here
Susan Collins take she claims Nina she
made this decision last night take a
look I made it last night
after finishing going through all the
FBI believe me yes for a long time and
Nina the problem actually go ahead i I
believe that she could well have made
the decision last night and probably did
Susan Collins is a very thorough
methodical legislator and she went she
spent several hours going through this
stuff and unlike the rest of you I
thought it was a and actually a pretty
good speech at least until the very end
part about Christine glossy Ford but I
thought she laid out the best moderate
argument for Brett Kavanaugh as a judge
not being a right-wing ideologue and I
doubt that it is an an accident that she
ended up a woman ended up as making the
closing argument for the Republicans
with too
female Republican senators sitting
behind her not in their usual seats
right I think we can put that up on the
screen go ahead and and but I thought it
was a very effective speech I think it's
entirely likely that she asked her staff
to write her if not one but two speeches
she certainly would have preferred to
vote for Kavanagh from the beginning but
I think she was very troubled by these
allegations I think he laid her fears
about Roe vs. his views on Roe versus
Wade that was at the first point she's
this she's not doesn't sit on the
Judiciary Committee she's not a lawyer
she does her homework she is a
moderately conservative Republican and
she ended up voting that way and I
thought it was actually a pretty good
speech from from the point of view that
she wanted to make it doesn't happen to
be the point of view of your other two
panelists sure one thing is near tan
it's about to fall out of her chair and
exactly what so to respond the second is
near we get to respond and also if that
were true then that would be Mitch
McConnell may have been moving ahead
scheduling of Oh without knowing his
vote count which isn't usually how he
rolls but nearer go ahead yeah I would
say he usually does vote knowing he does
scheduled votes knowing his vote counts
so I would imagine this was some
indications were made earlier this week
but I would also say look we have the
evidence in front of us with what kind
of judge judge Kevin our justice judge
Kevin I would be in his speech last week
he basically said this was a clinton
conspiracy he whipped up republican
fervor to the extent that he had to
write a Wall Street Journal article
clearing it up and I kind of
extraordinary act so I guess we could
take Susan Collins word that he is going
to be a person of judicious temperament
or we could believe our eyes which is
when push comes to shove we had judge
Cavanaugh in front of us attack senators
go after them pretty harshly at
the Clintons talk about George Soros and
a giant plot against him in a way that
is much more like Donald Trump than any
City United States Senator and so I just
respectfully disagree with the notion
that this was a well argued position if
it was a well argued position I think
she would have much more addressed the
actual things that have happened much
more address dr. Ford's testimony
head-on-head on much more addressed the
way he behaved head-on she didn't do
that well I think I'm not saying that
she's right I'm saying that she made the
best closing argument for somebody of
her political persuasion that could be
made and it didn't hurt that she was a
woman making that argument she would
have voted to confirm Merrick garland
she doesn't vote against judicial
nominees I think there was one district
court judge somewhere in the in the
ethers of the past that she has voted
against she votes to confirm judicial
nominees and she clearly did not think
this performance of Brett Kavanaugh
merited her voting against him now you
can say that that's wrong but that it
was her view right part of what you're
saying is her default is to go with the
flow
there have been nominees though who've
been knocked out for far less Garland
famously through the delay but Harriet
Miers was picked by a Republican
president it was Republican senators who
said doesn't meet the standard which
doesn't mean there was anything terribly
wrong with her as a human being it just
means that they exercised the adviser
could send that way hey I'm already
melbourne from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our youtube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
