me now is David Flik he's the
media correspondent for NPR and he joins
me now
David I want to start with there I'm
just I am stunned that Fox had no
punitive response not a sean hannity
must disclose every night not a he can't
cover this story not a he's been
suspended for a week nothing not a
single thing they are saying this is
okay for anybody that works at fox news
I think that's right in the sense of the
message being sent publicly there was
also a 24-hour period where Fox News was
effectively pointing viewers and people
like me and you to the statements that
Sean Hannity was making publicly as
though Sean Hannity is the best arbiter
of whether what Sean Hannity has done is
appropriate and it's not he can call
himself an entertainer he can call
himself an opinion advocacy journalist
he can call himself you know whatever he
wants to call himself but if he's on a
network that professes through opinion
and some reporting to be presenting
information about what's happening it
doesn't matter what he is he needs to be
able to share with his viewers what
kinds of private ties he might have that
might affect her color his
characterizations them I mean he was
pounding Special Counsel Robert Muller
for eight days for Weezer basically
after that raid that occurred early last
week without once indicating that he was
you know outraged on behalf of Michael
Cohen and outraged on behalf of Michael
Cohen's clients and indicating that in
an informal way perhaps he was one of
them what is it what message does it
send you know there are but when I think
particularly of the Washington bureau of
Fox News filled with longtime
journalists professional journalists
with professional ethics and and and
conduct themselves with as high of a
standard as anybody what what has been
sent I mean I feel like by basically
saying Sean Hannity is not accountable
to any any standard whatsoever of
journalistic ethics that we would hold
others to is it send the message that
those that are the professional
journalists of Fox News are nothing but
cover for Sean Hannity listen I think
it's very hard not to come away with
something of that as opinion in part
because I've talked to a lot of the
journalists in New York at Fox News and
in Washington at Fox News and there's a
lot of pain taken at the kind of toll
that Sean Hannity inflicts when he pulls
the
like this not the first time such
questions have been raised he raised
money twice for Tea Party causes at one
time he was pulled back from I believe
Ohio after his a participation in event
was pointed out there not by people at
Fox but by people external to it was
served as a bit of an embarrassment he
again in 2014 there were issues 2016 he
was told he couldn't appear in any more
commercials helping the Donald Trump
when he appeared in a long online ad
there was also like you cannot for
despicable acts you cannot surpass what
he did last year when he'd been pumping
for months a conspiracy theory
groundless about the murder of the seth
rich the young killed Democratic
National Committee aide Fox were
attracted its own story and Sean Hannity
never once apologized for it and didn't
even say it was wrong so you've got a
thing that where he causes pain time and
again and the thing is he does seem to
be beyond sanction in some ways for Fox
you know they have doubled down on the
Trump presidency and the Trump Trump's
success at a time of crisis and
controversy Rupert Murdoch the
controlling owner and the CEO of Fox
News is a Trump confidante and frequent
you know telephone correspondent you
know they've decided that connection is
worth something but for those
journalists who are there it is painful
to watch these antics from one of the
most popular hosts David I can't help
but notice you know you talk about the
different times actually that Hannity
was sort of at least slapped on the
wrist do you realize that every episode
you recounted where he was slapped on
the wrist happened when Roger Ailes was
running the network where he no longer
get slapped on the risk is when Rupert
Murdoch has essentially been in charge
of the network weirdly Roger Ailes I
wouldn't say he had a professional sense
of journalism at all I think Rupert
Murdoch is much more of a tradition of
that but he had more of a sense of
discipline and he really resented when
certain hosts you can think of Glenn
Beck II at times Hannity and others I
thought they were bigger than the
network itself and that's when Roger
Ailes would reel them in at this point
you know the decision to identify the
network's so strongly with Trump means
that when you have somebody who himself
is so connected to Trump so tethered to
the president Sean Hannity not only
somebody talks to present on the phone
dines with him counsels him advises him
and the president tells us so on his
Twitter feed you know this is a
connection that that Fox can ill-afford
dilemmas
what I think Fox executives would argue
and push back say it me and this and you
in this conversation they would say the
viewer knows what they're getting with
Sean they would sit there and say they
know exactly what they're getting they
know he's biased they know he's in the
tank it's not a secret he's not fooling
anybody so they would say what's the
harm
broad strokes there right broad strokes
we know that Sean Hannity is gonna find
a way to be the same side of the issue
as Donald Trump about 104 percent of the
time on the other hand when you're
talking about Michael Cohen the average
viewer has no ability to discern that
none whatsoever if you look back on
Hannity's radio show yesterday he said
well every time we talked I assume we
had attorney-client privilege there was
a guy who just said last night that they
wasn't his attorney whether or not he
fulfilled contracts he said also he said
I would always say when we started to
talk attorney-client and we'd say okay
good attorney-client again expressly
invoking that kind of relationship even
as he's trying to say to us publicly
they didn't have that kind of
relationship I think the public you
should always err on the side of saying
hey look just so you know I've had some
informal dealings with the guy and then
you take that into account even if you
know that the guy is always going to end
up there you can at least evaluate what
he's saying about special prosecutor in
this case didn't very very quickly
is there gonna be revolt among the the
handful of remaining professional
journalists there I mean as the
Washington bureau gonna revolt I think
this is a big data point rather than a
turning point I think that this is a
sort of an astonishing moment and if the
Michael Cohen saga turns into a major
moment for the Trump presidency that
very news worthiness alone will mean
that a lot of people will forget about
this but it'll sink in the message has
been sent
time and again somebody isn't held to
account at a way in the way that you
would expect a major news organization
well I think that that's they sent a
message today about where where
journalism matters to them I think
that's a elements like the message
that's right they sent a message and
they in some ways they're not hiding it
anymore David feau conflictive NPR thank
you very much you bet hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
