alright as investigators dig deeper into
Michael Collins business dealings I want
to link take a look at the four
allegations of hush payments that are
tied to him in his role as president
Trump's personal lawyer we need to note
these are allegations so far some of
them have more proof than not stormy
Daniels was paid one hundred and thirty
thousand dollars by Michael Cohen just
weeks before the election that is not in
dispute by the way Daniel says the
payment was part of an effort to keep
her quiet about an affair with President
Trump in 2006 the White House denies the
allegation President Trump has said
recently has no idea what the hundred
and thirty thousand dollars was paid for
Karen McDougal
the former Playboy Playmate was paid one
hundred and fifty thousand dollars by
American media incorporated the parent
company of the National Inquirer now
mcdougal says the payment was part of an
effort to silence her about an affair
she allegedly had with mr. Trump around
the same time as stormy Daniels did the
company signed the rights to McDougald
story but never printed it it's a
practice known as catch and kill you
catch the story then you kill it the
company also paid thirty thousand
dollars to a former doorman at one of
Donald Trump's New York buildings the
payment was another alleged catch and
kill incident preventing the doorman
from discussing a rumor that he heard
about the president fathering a child
with a housekeeper in the 1980s Ami
reporters told The New Yorker that the
doorman story didn't seem credible but
also said it was unusual for the company
to pay tens of thousands of dollars for
a non-story important to remember we
don't run a lot of stories we get here
but we don't pay for them and back to
Michael Cohen according to The Wall
Street Journal the longtime Trump
associate arranged a 1.6 million dollar
payment from Republican National
Committee deputy finance chair Eliot
Brody he's now resigned from that
position to another former playmate
after she allegedly became former deputy
finance chair of the RNC that's right no
Michael Cohen as well Michael Cohen was
a Michael Cohen Eliot broidy and Steve
Wynn were all the senior executives the
artists there are too many connections
to actually make this is kind of crazy
apparently this payoff was made because
the woman the Playmate allegedly became
pregnant following an affair with him
Brody resigned from
that position on the RNC on Friday
it's unbelievable these it's connection
over connection connected to connection
joining us now attorney Lisa Greene and
former Deputy Assistant Attorney General
Tom Dupree
Lisa to you first help us understand why
stormy Daniels and her attorney for even
at the courthouse yesterday what we're
seeing now is a convergence of a small
matter and a very big matter
remember weeks ago feels like years ago
stormy Daniels came forward and said
I've got a contract dispute I signed
something I don't think it's valid and
the tussle really was over whether the
case should be decided by an arbitrator
or by a courtroom it got a lot of
attention because of Stormies job and
because it involved the president but
it's hard it was a small
person-to-person contract dispute fast
forward to today she's in federal court
because certainly we can imagine some of
the cash of materials prosecutors seized
from Michael Cohen's office have
something to do with her and we've read
reporting that one of the things they're
interested in is the stormy Daniels
contract are they interested in the
contract or the arbitration clause
they're probably more interested in the
money trail that's why those other
examples all you mentioned very relevant
and what we see now is this convergence
long predicted by Michael avenatti
that this would come to mean a lot more
to Americans to the Trump administration
that it may have seemed at the beginning
I don't say dear playmates at large
seriously girls I can introduce you to
better guys than that there's other rich
dudes out there if it's about money I
can't even look at this guy for one more
second Todd let's you know yesterday
Sean Hannity and that story got us
derailed and you know to Sean Hannity
who did our IP journalism on his show
last night we weren't interested in
talking about Sean Hannity if that name
had not come up in court we wouldn't be
discussing him so let's go back to this
case what are the US Attorney's Office
and the investigators from the FBI what
are they looking to do now there's a lot
of information it's in dispute as to who
can see it and what evidence there is
but clearly they wouldn't have been able
to get the warrant to go into Michael
Cohen's office in his home in his hotel
room if there weren't a story that they
were pursuing that that's right they
needed to persuade a federal judge that
this raid was necessary in order to
obtain evidence that potentially could
be evidence of a crime I think
we're seeing now is the first stage and
what I suspect will be a very long
protracted battle over attorney-client
privilege we've already seen the first
salvos being fired I think that this is
something that is going to have to be
resolved really on a document by
document basis I don't think you can say
everything in Cohen's office is fair
game or conversely everything in Cohen's
office is off-limits in a situation like
this you really have to go into it
document by document and here's what I
don't get
in order to enact attorney-client
privilege you've got to have an attorney
and a client Tom Shawn Hannity is saying
I was never his client why wouldn't Sean
Hannity and Michael Cohen be on the same
page here somebody appears to not be
telling the truth
unless I can't understand this you know
it's a great question because you could
see this coming a mile away if you're
either Cohen or Sean Hannity and you
would think that they would either make
a decision that he is a client in
therefore he has claimed the privilege
or that he's not and then you wouldn't
have to make this very you know
embarrassing public disclosure look
there can be situations where it's
unclear whether something crossed the
line and actually established an
attorney-client privilege maybe this is
one of those cases where Shawn didn't
think there was a privilege and Cohen
did think there was a privilege Cohen
had dozens of clients he's saying I had
just three clients last year that's
pretty clear to me how could there be
yeah how could it be confusing well the
way it could potentially be confusing is
it's possible that Sean Hannity called
him up to discuss some legal issue from
Sean's perspective because Sean Hannity
you're a lawyer
like don't give you the hypothetical
tell me what you think why would Sean
Hannity and the 30 plus million bucks a
year he makes my real estate advice
resident transfix or why would he call
him he could have called him again we're
speculating but he could have called him
because he has a long friendship with
Cohen he may have had a single legal
question that he didn't want to have to
go out and pay a lot of money to hire
lawyers to look at this and he calls his
friend you know
you don't think she don't wait a minute
honest but like please don't care what
do you think yeah I mean look we've all
been to cocktail parties where you meet
a doctor and you want some freebie
advice and chitchat with a doctor and
saying oh my friend has a condition and
maybe this is the legal equivalent of
that but what that doesn't explain is
why Michael cones lawyers were so
careful to demand that the identity of
client number 3 be withheld
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
