the other top story tonight a verdict in
one of the highest profile police
shootings in the nation guilty you can
see it right here blared across the
front page of the Chicago Tribune
evening a diction I should say the
officer convicted their Jason van Dyke
second-degree murder and 16 counts of
aggravated battery one for each shot of
and Ike fired at McDonald in that 2014
shooting this was caught on police
dashcam video city officials caught it
thought to keep it secret and today
shows why the jury used this video that
you're watching to determine in their
view that this was a murder by police
McDonald running down the street seeming
to move away from officers and posing no
lethal threat to them only to be
executed with 16 shots that part the
jury saw but we can't show you this
video has sparked outraged protests the
ousting of Chicago's police chief and
then the first murder charges for
Chicago officer in three decades today
the jury completed a process of
convicting on those charges we the jury
find the defendant guilty of
second-degree murder we the jury find
the defendant
to the friendzone Jason van Dyke guilty
of aggravated battery with what you see
there is the first murder conviction of
a Chicago police officer in over 40
years Van Dyke could spend decades
behind bars plus the time for aggravated
battery now moments ago McDonald's
family and supporters responded
it gave us justice of which we seek and
it also set a precedent across this
country that now people can look to
Chicago and they can come here and learn
what was done to bring us to this moment
and then they can begin to practice that
in their towns and cities and bring
justice for themselves the real crime
here
it's not just the death in the 16 shots
of laQuan the real crime is the cover-up
that is what some of this change looks
like Chicago's mayor and police
leadership have been urging calm and
accepting any verdict but there's other
things that are not changing and I want
to note this before I go to our experts
a disturbing and seemingly lawless
statement from the union that represents
police officers in Chicago tonight
and this really offers us a window into
the sometimes open resistance of some
police officers and following the rule
of law whether you agree with the
outcome or not the police union
challenging the legitimacy of the jury
system and this verdict tonight by
saying quote 12 ordinary citizens were
duped into saving the asses of
self-serving politicians I'm joined now
by Rashad Robinson executive director of
color of chains nation's largest racial
justice organization online which has
worked on these issues and from Chicago
Jarrett Adams an attorney for civil
rights cases he went to law school only
after serving over nine years for a
wrongful conviction that was ultimately
overturned thanks to both of you on a
story that is significant across the
nation Rashad this everyone can
understand watching right now
different than how these stories usually
start and end why incredibly different
in it I really do believe it starts with
the folks on the ground in Chicago
organizations that really took this
moment to build a movement and a
movement that not only on went after the
police department but held the enablers
accountable across the board my
organisation color-change got very
involved with local groups to oust Anita
Alvarez the former state attorney who
was part of the cover-up made demands on
Rahm Emmanuel and others folks were
relentless and actually there's a new
state attorney in office right now
that's a direct result of the movement
so this is a jury verdict which means
its citizens reaching the conclusion but
you're making a structural point here
that if people had not changed the
prosecutors and the leadership in the
city you might have never gotten it to a
jury if the leadership of the city was
not nervous about what was happening and
people's interest in truly holding not
only the police department accountable
but those who stood in the way of true
justice accountable we would not see
this result it's direct result of
organizing of mobilizing and in this
moment where we're seeing so much news
which can make us afraid and fearful
about what the potential of our country
is understanding that organized
communities oppress people rising up
resisting but also putting forward a
true vision about what they want and who
they want in office can win the day and
I think that what's happened in Chicago
and the movement that is said across the
country where now we have a national
movement of electing reform-minded
prosecutors around the country in places
like Philadelphia and Orlando and most
recently in kicking out Bob McCullough
the 27 year incumbent who did not
process it in Ferguson did not prosecute
Darren Wilson who killed Mike Brown and
so this is a movement and really that
first spark really did happen with the
leadership in Chicago ignoring that
video suppressing that video Jared
you're in Chicago you know Chicago you
also know your way around the criminal
justice system as a defendant is a
former inmate your conviction overturned
rather dramatically you went on the law
school now you represent others when you
get this case does it give you hope does
it feel like the system that you've been
inside is changing you know quite quite
frankly well first let me start off by
extending my condolences to the family
and I am I am praying that they will
begin to start to heal from this process
you know I'll say this Ari I am you know
born and raised on the south side of
Chicago I left you know Chicago started
my practice in New York but I am often
in Chicago my mother still stays in
Chicago and so I am very much involved
with everything in Chicago and my heart
was in my throat as I'm sitting here in
Chicago and awaiting that verdict and
you know there were there was a
community outcry that brought this on
but I must acknowledge that there were
two reporters two reporters who started
this and uncover the video that it took
13 months to be released so while we
should be you know happy that there is
justice we can't really cheer as if the
problems all over because you mentioned
it earlier that the police union came
out right away with a statement that
continues and continues to Brick's to
further the gap of the community in the
police does that give you chills I mean
I think about as an attorney you don't
really want the police smack-talking
jury verdicts like they can just
disagree with that we have to all except
in an in a nation that's a rule of law
these outcomes whichever way they go
well are we listen I pray to God that
the police spokesman for the Union who
made that comment today doesn't speak on
behalf of all the police because if he
does we really have a big problem
Rashaad yeah I mean I've sat across the
table with you know the head of the
former the head of the National Police
Union you know in the White House with
the former president where I've watched
them say that you know all this talk
about racial profiling was new to them
the police union is a incredible problem
for anyone that seeks justice because
they continue to not even
to move a little bit on what's actually
happening in this country and in these
communities what I will say though also
is you know what this speaks to is
justice and progress is not a straight
line we will continue to see moments
around this country where justice isn't
served where video comes out and juries
returned verdicts that seem crazy for
many of us who watch these things but
what I do think we can learn from what
happened in Chicago is that if we
continue to organize and fight if we
move our protest to the ballot box and
if we continue to hold those in office
accountable we can start building the
power necessary to change both the
written and unwritten rules that far too
often make black lives not matter and
make and allow police officers to
believe that they are above the law that
has to change in a democracy and in a
country that needs to really atone for
all of the ways in which black
communities are treated like enemy
combatants in their own neighborhoods
well and we shot the point you make I
think dovetails with exactly what Jared
is saying there's nothing to celebrate
when you're dealing with the tragedy but
if the system works better
it's cops and judges and lawyers will
tell you then there's preventive action
and so if there's justice and
accountability then hopefully there are
in the future far fewer unnecessary
shootings that's what the jury
effectively found here this was more
than unnecessary it was a second-degree
murder up hey I'm already Melbourne from
MSNBC you can see more of our videos
right here or better yet subscribe to
our YouTube channel below you could have
been anywhere in the world that you're
here with us and we appreciate that
