happy Monday thanks for joining us this
hour happy to have you here I will say
this is going to be sort of an
interesting show tonight there are a
number of things that happened in
important national news today that
frankly I'm not quite sure how to talk
about them but we're going to do it this
is it's a weird time in the news there's
no time to shy away from the weirdness
you just got to dive right in let's
start with a subpoena let's say you get
subpoenaed by prosecutors that subpoena
directs you to hand over documents and
materials now you can fight that
subpoena you can argue over it in court
but ultimately the point of a subpoena
is that you are being asked you're being
directed to hand stuff over that is is
responsive to the prosecutors demands
now let's say prosecutors have reason to
believe that you can't be trusted to do
that they do want documents and
materials from you because of some
investigation that you're relevant to
they intend to get those documents and
materials but they don't trust you they
have reason not to trust you
they think if they issue you a subpoena
if they give you a demand to hand this
stuff over they think that good reason
to believe that you might instead of
handing them over you might destroy
those things or you might hide them or
you might otherwise mess up the evidence
that prosecutors are after if that's the
case if prosecutors have reason to
believe that you cannot be trusted to
respond to a subpoena they can kick it
up a notch
they can go to a judge and ask a judge
to approve a search warrant instead with
a search warrant prosecutors are no
longer asking you for anything they're
going into your home your office
wherever and they are taking what the
warrant says they can take between a
subpoena and a search warrant a subpoena
is definitely less intrusive you're
you're you are asked to hand stuff over
right told to hand stuff over with the
search warrant they're not asking
they're not telling they are going in
and taking it themselves well last week
prosecutors in the Southern District of
New York
federal prosecutors decided that they
wanted to obtain materials from
president's personal attorney from
michael cohen not by asking cohen for
those materials or telling cohen to hand
those materials over they decided they
were going to get those materials by
taking them themselves and they explain
why to the court quote given that the
crimes being investigated involve acts
of concealment by michael cohen
the US Attorney's Office in the Southern
District of New York sought and obtained
a search warrant rather than using a
subpoena so that it would not have to
rely on Cohen to accurately make such a
production so this is the Federal
prosecutor's office in New York City
saying that Michael Cohen former Trump
Organization executive and sometimes
personal attorney to Donald Trump maybe
they're saying he's under criminal
investigation and the kinds of crimes
for which he is under investigation
justify getting a search warrant instead
of just sending a Miss apena basically
because they don't trust him to respond
to a subpoena
they say the crimes they're
investigating him for involved acts of
concealment
what are those acts of concealment what
are those crimes they're investigating
them for we don't know those are the
parts that are redacted in the court
filings and it's always the most
intriguing stuff that's read active
quote on April 9th 2018 agents from the
New York field office of the FBI
executed search warrants for Michael
Cohen's residence hotel room office
safety deposit box and electronic
devices the searches were authorized by
a federal magistrate judge who had found
probable cause to believe that the
premises and devices searched contained
evidence fruits and instrumentalities of
conduct for which Cohen is under
criminal investigation namely big black
box redacted redacted redacted quote
each warrant was supported by a detailed
affidavit and authorized by a federal
magistrate judge who found probable
cause to believe that the subject
premises and devices contained evidence
of redacted redacted redacted the US
Attorney's Office in the Southern
District of New York had good cause to
execute search warrants at Cohen's
premises and seize certain electronic
devices in lieu of less intrusive means
why did
have that good cause to go after this
stuff with a search warrant instead of
less intrusive means redacted redacted
reductive quote accordingly the nature
of the investigation and the nature of
the offences weighed heavily in favour
with the decision to execute search
warrants furthermore in the course of
its investigation the US Attorney's
Office in the Southern District of New
York
has learned that redacted redacted
redacted as a result absent a search
warrant these records could have been
deleted without record so they have very
specific reasons they say why they had
to go after Michael Cohen with a search
warrant why they used a search warrant
they didn't just subpoena Michael Cohen
and tell him to hand this stuff over
there are very specific reasons why they
had to go that much more aggressive
proof and we have no idea what those
specific reasons are because it's all
predictive but you know the judge in
this case knows what those reasons are
these filings are not redacted for her
and in fact the whole different judge
who issued the search warrants in the
first place that judge that federal
magistrate judge also heard prosecutors
evidence for why Michael Cohen in their
estimation could not be trusted to hand
over documents and materials on his own
that had to instead go this more
aggressive route and go in and take
stuff themselves without warning and
without getting his permission we do not
know what those details are we don't
know what crimes he is suspected of we
don't know what they found in their
initial investigation which led them to
believe that had they not gone in and
taken those records he might have
destroyed them they've got evidence that
they gave to these judges but we can't
see so there is this riveting spectacle
and scandal here right we the public can
see the fight happening and in fact on a
day like today we could see that it was
becoming a desperate fight including by
the president but we can't necessarily
tell what is leading to the desperation
we can't tell what's in those black
boxes that appears to be freaking
everybody out so much when the New York
Times over the last few days has
described this fight over Michael Cohen
and the FBI raiding his office near
Times it's describing this based on
simple sources as something that the
president perceives to be a more
imminent threat to him than the Special
Counsel investigation led by Robert
Muller imagine knowing what we know
about the Robert Miller investigation
and then deciding that there's a legal
threat that's worse than that this case
has led to strange revelations already
including the fact that the president's
lawyer Michael Cohen now says he
facilitated a gigantic 1.6 million
dollar payoff to the mistress of a
Republican donor whose name has already
come up nine ways to Sunday in
conjunction with the Muller
investigation and who just resigned as
deputy finance chair of the National
Republican Party incidentally Michael
Cohen himself is still a deputy finance
chair of the National Republican Party
even though we now know that he's under
federal criminal investigation and
getting raided by the FBI at some point
will the RNC see it as a problem that
one of their deputy national finance
chairman paid a1 arranged a 1.6 million
dollar hush money payment for the
mistress of another one of their
national finance co-chairs and the one
with the mistress resigned but the one
who arranged the payment and is now
under federal criminal investigation
he's still on the RNC at some point the
National Republican Party should
probably have to at least explain that
if not explain it away
we also learned today that Michael Cohen
admits to having only three clients in
his legal practice over the past year he
admits to having President Trump as a
client also the Republican Party finance
co-chair guy with the mistress Eliot
Brady and the third client of his
one-man law firm he tried today to keep
secret in court saying his third client
had directed him to appeal any effort to
make his name public but then in court
today we got the name of Cohen's third
client made public and honestly don't
even ask me to tell you what it means
that it's Sean Hannity but it's Sean
Hannity from the Fox News Channel
mr. Hannity has apparently been covering
Michael Cohen's role in this story in
the scandal for months including the FBI
raid on Michael Cohen last week
without ever disclosing that Michael
Cohen is his lawyer again don't even ask
me I have no idea this is like every day
you get up take shower you get dressed
you go out to the driveway to start the
car every day it's the same you do this
every single day of your life except
today you got in the car you put the key
into the start the end you put the key
into the dashboard you want to turn it
to start the engine like you do every
day and today this time the engine
didn't start and instead terrifying
circus music started playing and the
hood flew up and clowns and monkeys and
elephants flew out instead like what
it's who sure go ahead make sense of
that why don't you so the news the news
has gone weird when the going gets weird
the weird turn pro but the law is still
pretty orderly and I have to tell you we
just got the transcript of what happened
in this insane court hearing today
there's no cameras there's no recordings
of what happens in federal court but
we've got the transcript here and in a
way it's sort of I don't know if it's
comforting it it is it is nutty that the
personal lawyer of the President of the
United States is under criminal
investigation and it's nutty that that
criminal investigation or at least the
effort by federal prosecutors to obtain
documentation related to that
investigation reportedly includes the
porn star who the president's lawyer
says he paid off right before the
election to keep her from talking about
her alleged sexual relationship with the
President and both stormy Daniels and
Michael Cohen were there in court today
in person at the same time and then the
prosecutors case for why it was okay for
them to have raided this lawyer for the
president is the prosecutors contention
that a they really needed to raid the
president's lawyer and be honestly he's
not doing much lawyer in any way and
part of the way that all got spelled out
in court was with the president's lawyer
revealing his previously secret dealings
with the over-the-top pro-trump cable
news host and the deputy finance
chairman of the RNC and his mistress and
her abortion it's all nuts it's nuts but
I will tell you it is in
a little bit of comfort that in court
even in a case this crazy it at least
all gets sorted out in a sort of orderly
fashion quote judge Kimball would with
respect to the clients name being
withheld that is not in accord with the
law in this circuit if you have a reason
for that client's name to be treated
under seal you'll tell me yes
and then Steve Ryan stands up who's
representing Michael Cohen your honor
Steve Ryan with respect to that client
the client is a publicly prominent
individual the representation was legal
in analysis with regard to naming that
person now the concern was that even if
we put it in a sealed proceeding right
now that it might be released if we
could count on that not being released
to the public at this point no one would
want to be associated with the fact that
they were a client in this way because
of the notoriety around this search
warrant we're protecting the identity of
that person but not from the court and
not from an in-camera review by the
court I can give you that name right now
in a sealed envelope and provide it to
the court the client was contacted over
the weekend and asked that we not
disclose their name and further that we
take an appeal if the court was going to
nic make that name public and the judge
says what's the legal ground for
withholding the clients name Steve Ryan
says the legal ground your honor is
first of all mr. Cohen's duty to the
client under the bar codes that we've
presented the court with the judge says
well remember that what we deal with
here is federal law and Second Circuit
law mr. Cohen's lawyer says no no
understood I'm talking about the bar
rules meaning that legal ethics rules
that govern mr. Cohen's conduct in terms
of releasing the name the judge says
well if I order that it be released he
has no problem with respect to his own
ethics Cohen's lawyer says quote if we
give it to you and I have some assurance
that we're not violating that clients
right not to be disclosed publicly today
then I can do this I can write it down
and put it in an envelope right now the
judge says quote all right if you hand
the name up I'll maintain it under seal
but it seems to me that the government
perhaps just Mr McKay the lead
prosecutor should know who it is so he
can identify whether that person had any
responsive documents and now in the
transcript new character
mr. Balin who are you mr. Balin Your
Honor I apologize for interrupting I'm a
lawyer representing the press ABC the
New York Times The Associated Press CNN
and Newsday judge says quote I think
you'd better come to the podium mr.
Balin says quote I think I better - your
honor
I've sat and listened until we got to
the point where I realized there's a
public access issue here your honor
I'm Robert Balin from Davis Wright
Tremaine thank you very much he says
there is no credible claim that this
client smear identity is attorney-client
privileged information Michael Cohen
makes the argument that it would be
embarrassing to be associated with what
he terms a raid on a house at a home
Your Honor I hardly need to remind the
court of the intense public interest in
the issues that are currently before
this Court I look around and I see that
every other seat is occupied by a member
of the press ultimately however Your
Honor rules excuse me ultimately however
your honor rules
the public is going to want to know the
basis for your honors ruling that's the
very nature of the First Amendment
access right so that we the people and
the press can monitor our institutions
and have a rational basis for agreeing
or disagreeing and I hesitate to add
your honor that I suspect no matter how
you rule those in the public will agree
or disagree that's what we do in society
finally your honor I would make one last
point it was justice Berger who I think
put it well people in our open society
do not demand infallibility from their
institutions but it is difficult for
them to accept what they are prohibited
from observing that was in Winston
newspapers V Virginia many years ago
Your Honor I see no basis for denying
public access if your honor is going to
order disclosure of this name I see no
basis for denying public access to that
name so we get this new character in the
middle of the curtain types pops up hey
your honor can I be heard here this is
the lawyer for news organizations coming
in and pressing this point the judge at
this point has basically agreed that
she's going to take the name in a sealed
envelope the lawyer for the press comes
in and says if you're gonna take that
name there's no good argument
there's no good legal precedent for
keeping that name from the
public the secret name of Michael
Cohen's secret third client in his legal
business if that's gonna be disclosed to
the court it should be disclosed to the
people and they go on in the transcript
they argue about it for a few more pages
at that point but ultimately the judge
makes the call right there in front of
everybody in the courtroom today
which leads to everybody in the
courtroom gasping put court so the judge
quote I just don't understand the
argument that just because this
undisclosed client consulted Michael
Cohen but that is somehow embarrassing
or an invasion of privacy that's not
enough under case law and I don't
understand it factually I understand
that the client doesn't want his name
out there but that's not enough under
the law mr. Harrison arguing for mr.
Cohen I understand your honor we
understand mr. Cohen and frankly
derivatively
our ethical obligations to be as we laid
them out on our letter of 10 am but if
the court disagrees and rules against us
we'll do whatever the court directs us
to do and then the judge says quote I'm
directing you to disclose the name now
Steve Ryan representing Michael Cohen
stands up and says do you want me to
stand and say it or should I give you
the piece of paper that you told me to
write the judge says whatever you're
most comfortable with
whereupon Steve Ryan representing
Michael Cohen says quote the clients
name that's involved is sean hannity and
the judge says thank you NBC reporter
tom winters report from inside the
courtroom at that point I'll just read
you what his what he said just like a
dispatch from the court Pope when Steve
Ryan attorney for Michael Cohen
disclosed the name of the mysterious
third client Sean Hannity those gathered
in the courtroom gasped the mouths of
reporters dropped open some struggled
not to laugh I still am struggling not
to laugh this has been a very weird day
in the news one of the anchors at the
major pro Trump news network has had an
undisclosed relationship with the
president's lawyer all this time while
Fox has not told that to its audience
and while mr. Hannity and mr. Cohen have
apparently spent considerable effort
trying to keep that relationship secret
what
that's just lurid but then there's also
the matter of this ongoing legal
proceeding which does appear to be
freaking the president out here's my
questions is there good reason for the
president to be freaked out for the
president to be more concerned about
this legal matter involving Michael
Cohen then he is about the molar
investigation I mean the president
didn't succeed last week in finally
hiring a new lawyer
but he hired that new lawyer for this
Michael Cohen case not for the Russia
investigation so that's one question is
the president right to be as alarmed by
this case as it seems like he is second
question now that prosecutors got all
this material from Michael Cohen with a
search warrant how much does it matter
if they now have to show that material
to the President and or Michael Cohen
that's what the bulk of today's fighting
was about now that they've got all that
material seized by search warrant how
important is it if it goes to the
President and Michael Cohen in addition
to prosecutors being able to review it
themselves and how important is it to
this case and to the president's
potential legal jeopardy here if
prosecutors are right and Michael Cohen
may have a lot agree but he isn't really
doing much lawyer in these days how
crucial is that to how much trouble the
president might be in here all
answerable questions it turns out stay
with us hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
