well the President of the United States
suffered a big defeat and I mean a big
defeat at the gavel of a federal judge
in New York City today Kimball would in
her 30th year as a federal judge issued
the most historic ruling of her career
today because she denied a request by
the President of the United States to
prevent federal prosecutors in New York
and FBI agents from reviewing the
evidence seized in the FBI raids last
week in New York City raids on the home
of michael cohen the office of michael
cohen in the hotel room occupied by mike
michael cohen and since the evidence at
issue in today's court proceeding
overlaps with evidence sought by stormy
Daniels lawsuit the judge invited stormy
Jana's lawyer Michael avenatti
to be present in court today and he is
present here at the last word tonight
this time well Michael avenatti went to
court he brought stormy Daniels with him
for years mr. Cohen has acted like he is
above the law he has considered himself
and openly referred to himself as mr.
Trump's fixer he was played by a
different set of rules or should we say
no rules at all he has never thought
that the little man or especially women
and even more women like me mattered
that ends now my attorney and I are
committed to making sure that everyone
finds out the truth and the facts of
what happened and I give my word that we
will not rest until that happens
leading off our discussion now Michael
avenatti the attorney for stormy Daniels
and Jill wine banks former assistant
Watergate special prosecutor and an
MSNBC contributor and Michael you were
in the courtroom today for what is this
year's most stunning series of moments
in this courtroom
in terms of the the clarity with which
the judge ruled but then that stunning
revelation that occurred during these
proceedings one of the issues being as
was raised last week by the the
prosecutors the investigators they said
Michael Collins not really that much of
a lawyer he has very few clients
possibly only Donald Trump which made
the judge quite reasonably say okay tell
me who the clients are tell me who's
who's attorney-client privilege we need
to protect here in examining these
documents they came into court today
saying basically only three clients
Donald Trump he had handled something
for a Republican donor who paid a
million and a half dollars to cover up
the fact that he had an affair with a
woman who he got pregnant and got an
abortion for and then who's the third
client who's the third client the judge
eventually got the name of the third
client in the courtroom today tell us
how that unfolded well before I get to
that Lawrence let me say this it is such
an honor to represent strongly Daniels I
mean you just saw the statement that she
gave I mean this woman is truly
incredible I mean she was courageous
she's brave I was so proud to be her
lawyer today standing outside that
federal courthouse with her fighting
against people that are so much more
powerful and we're talking about some of
the people that are the most powerful
individuals on the face of the planet
and for her to be able to attend today
and make that statement I've never been
more proud to be an attorney for a
client in my entire life quite honestly
so it was very it was a very moving
moment for me this before let me just
and I want to get to that what you
experienced in the court today but would
we be at this point in this proceeding
today in this courtroom
if stormy Daniels had not gone public
earlier this year no way it's not even
close there's no question about it it's
it's it's not even close and anybody
that claims otherwise is is completely
full of it for lack of a better term I
mean there is no way that we get to this
place without the bravery and courage in
efforts of my client and what's
transpired over the last second judge
wood invited you to be in the courtroom
today because the evidentiary base of
this discussion today overlaps with your
case so you weren't there as some
tourist you want to put it in by the
judge so you're sitting there and
the judge is pressing Michael cones
lawyers on something you have been
publicly pressing him on which is this
notion of he's not really a practicing
lawyer with many clients and he says
he's got three real legal clients and
and eventually is pressed to reveal the
name of the third one right so if I
could just set the stage where you know
the it's a it's a packed courtroom
michael cohen is there fortunately he's
not smoking a cigar like he was on
friday and he's not there with into any
individuals from russia so i thought it
was an upgrade for him but you could cut
the tension with a knife
and there's about twenty minutes of
foreplay lawrence on this issue i mean
20 minutes back-and-forth about well
your honor we've disclosed two of the
three clients but the third client is a
very high-profile individual and
embarrassment and the assistant US
attorney who did a remarkable job got up
and spoke and there's a lot of
back-and-forth and a lot of buildup i
mean this didn't just happen
and so finally judge wood who's an
exceptional judge one of the finest of
the country by for told michael Cohen's
attorney i'm gonna order you to publicly
disclose who the client is and michael
Cohen's attorney asked the judge well do
you want me to do that on a piece of
paper or do you want me to orally state
it and she said well it's up to you
whatever you feel more comfortable with
and I'm sitting there and I'm thinking
to myself well this is a no brainer he's
gonna put it on a piece of paper because
it's a Hail Mary Lawrence because what
you do is I mean if you're an
experienced trial attorney you write it
on a piece of paper and you hand it up
to the judge because you hope like a
Hail Mary that perhaps the judge opens a
piece of paper and reads the name and
says well you know what I want to think
about this a little more or I'll tell
you what we're not gonna disclose it
right now so I'm thinking to myself well
surely he's gonna pick writing on a
piece of paper but lo and behold because
this is how the last six weeks has
worked for us he doesn't pick that okay
because everything falls into place for
us in this case it's been it's been a
remarkable run he said well others
stayed at Worley the client's name is
Sean Hannity and all the air was sucked
out of the courtroom you could not
breathe Lawrence there
gasps in the courtroom everybody is
looking around at one another to say
did he just say funny did he really just
say Sean Hannity and within 30 seconds
you know ten people stand up ten members
of the press
they scurry out of the courtroom of
course because there's no cell phones
allowed you can't just send a text
message alerting your superiors to what
happened alerting the world you can't
send the tweet so everybody has to rush
downstairs to get their phones to get
out of the courthouse to announce that
in fact the third client is Sean Hannity
and at that point all I could think
about as I was sitting there was I
wonder where Sean Hannity is right now
because his world just exploded wherever
he is at this particular moment and what
was amazing to me Lawrence was earlier
in the debate the 20 minutes of foreplay
at about you know minute three or four
Michael Cohen's lawyer had had told
judge wood that they had been instructed
by this client that if they lost this
issue they were to take an immediate
appeal yeah okay so they basically fired
a shot across the bow right to judge
would basically sent a message to her
and I kind of chuckled when that happen
because judge wood has been on the bench
30 years and she's like that's not the
first time anyone has shot such a or
done something to across the bow like
that and lo and behold they didn't take
an appeal they announced the name in
open court it was a remarkable moment in
my legal career no look let's let's them
listen to what shot Sean Hannity was
doing his radio show what when this
happened
he started tweeting his responses to it
and then he eventually spoke clearly
about it let's listen to what Sean
Hannity said about Michael never
represented me in any matter
I never retained him in the in the
traditional sense as retaining a lawyer
I never received an invoice from Michael
I never paid legal fees to Michael but I
have occasionally had brief discussions
with him about legal questions about
which I wanted his input
perspective Jill wine banks if what Sean
Hannity just said is true
was he a client of Michael Cohen's it's
really a sideshow to debate whether he
was or wasn't a client because the only
relevance is if there is a document that
has some legal advice that he gave that
he Michael cone gave to Sean Hannity
whether that would be a turning client
privilege otherwise it doesn't matter
normally you wouldn't even reveal the
name of your client the fact that you
represent someone is part of
attorney-client privilege so the fact
that it's public is already a violation
of attorney-client privilege although
under these circumstances it was
inevitable and unavoidable so he
probably was a client in the sense that
he says at one point that he might have
given him $10 to get advice under
attorney-client privilege and that would
create it it's an unusual circumstance
but that would make him enough of a
client for attorney-client privilege and
really unless he was engaged in some
criminal activity with Michael Kohn I
don't think anybody cares about that so
it doesn't matter going to your point
that you were talking to Rachel about
it's true that I don't represent you and
as far as I know Michael avenatti
doesn't but I would say that I would
certainly be proud to represent you and
there are many people in this case that
I wouldn't be so stormy would be fine as
a client and you would be terrific as a
client Michael what about this it means
Sean Hannity it sounds to me like he
came out and basically called Michael
Cohen a liar about this but Lawrence I
don't know this for a fact but I'm gonna
take a pretty good guess at something
there is no question in my mind that
there is one or more documents with Sean
Hannity's name on it that Michael Cohen
does not want disclosed there's no
question that rather otherwise you don't
even go down this road there's no reason
to even mention Sean Hannity's name you
don't even go down this road okay this
is all there is one or more
humans in what has been collected this
is just instinctually what I know is an
18 year trial lawyer who's dealt with a
lot of big cases ok there is a reason
why they want Sean Hannity's name as a
client and it has everything to do not
with what happened today but with the
next shoe to drop which involves a
document an email a text message there
is something a tape because we know
Michael Cohen has taped phone calls with
people he could have taped a phone call
and there is something there Michael
Cohen doesn't just volunteer the name
Sean Hannity as a client unless there is
a document that they want to deep-six
or keep confidential it doesn't happen
it just doesn't happen
Jill have to squeeze in a quick break
here we're going to continue the
discussion but your your overall
reaction to what happened in court today
president United States actually enters
the court filing with a filing late last
night basically trying to control the
evidence in the case trying to keep the
evidence away from the prosecutors the
president is completely crushed in
today's proceedings by Judge Kimball
would it's pretty incredible that the
President of the United States appears
to oppose the representatives of the
United States so it happened of course
in US v Nixon but it doesn't happen very
often and I'd like to add to one thing
Michael said which is I agree with him
that there has to be a reason he said it
and that it's because he's trying to
keep something quiet but I'll also add
that I'll bet that it isn't legal advice
that he's trying to keep quiet it has
something to do with having a
conversation about protecting Donald
Trump or having Sean Hannity say
something on-air to protect him that it
has nothing to do with any legal advice
that Michael Kohn gave to Sean Hannity
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
