you know he wants to attack her you know
Donald Trump wants to attack the federal
judge who ruled against him today you
know he has that Twitter machine in his
hands right now just dying to take a
swing at her you remember the way he
attacked the federal judge who was
handling the Trump University fraud case
during the presidential campaign Donald
Trump said that federal judge could not
be fair because he is quote of Mexican
heritage candidate Trump was publicly
attacking Mexicans and so he thought
judge Gonzalo Curiel could not be fair
that's the way Donald Trump understands
the world and so you know that Donald
Trump wants to attack the federal judge
who ruled against him today in New York
and you know he wants to say that she
can't be fair because she's a woman and
we all know how Donald Trump feels about
women you can do anything whatever you
want grab a buddy and so today in the
daniel patrick moynihan federal
courthouse in lower manhattan with
stormy Daniels looking on president
Trump suffered a big legal defeat at the
gavel of a federal judge who happens to
be a woman Kimball wood the federal
judge who ruled against the President of
the United States today wasn't supposed
to be in that courtroom she was supposed
to have left her judgeship in 1993 to
join President the president's cabinet
as Bill Clinton's Attorney General but
Kimball wood ran into controversy in the
confirmation process when she revealed
that she had briefly employed a
babysitter who was an undocumented
immigrant before that became illegal in
1986 and even though the babysitter was
undocumented judge wood did in fact pay
Social Security taxes for that
babysitter judge wood broke no law but
she would through her name from
consideration for attorney general why
am I telling you this why am i reaching
back into the judges background because
judge Kimball wood is handling the most
important
case in America more important now than
any case yet being handled by special
prosecutor Robert Muller judge Kimball
wood is presiding over a case which the
President of the United States entered
today in an attempt to suppress evidence
the President of the United States
through a private lawyer hired
specifically for this case asked a
federal judge today to refuse to allow
the FBI and federal prosecutors in New
York to examine the evidence that they
seized in those raids on Michael cones
home in his office and hotel room last
week and judge Kimball would said no she
said no to the President of the United
States she said no to the president's
friend Michael Cohen this is the first
judge to rule against Donald Trump
personally while he is president of the
United States and so you will be hearing
a lot about judge Kimball would who
might now hold the future of the Trump
presidency in her hands there are
reports that the president and the Trump
White House are more afraid of what's
happening in Kimball woods courtroom in
Manhattan than anything that the special
prosecutor Robert Muller is doing in
Washington and so you know what's gonna
happen she is going to be attacked
attacked viciously if President Trump
manages to resist the urge to attacked
judge would his friends in the media
will surely do it for him Kimball wood
is going to be savagely attacked by Newt
Gingrich who has compared robert muller
to the gestapo and by all of the Trump
supporters on Fox News Fox News will no
doubt soon be lying about Kimball woods
history and claiming that she broke the
law when she employed that babysitter in
the 1980s they might try to reach back
to 1966 to portray Kimball wood as a
lightweight because of the time at the
very brief time she spent working at the
Playboy Club in London it was actually a
total of only five days when she was
training to be a part-time playboy money
at that club while she was a graduate
student at the London School of
Economics five days was all she could
take of the
playboy club the president's TV
supporters will soon all be attacking
her and claiming she is biased they will
attack her the way they attack special
prosecutor Robert Muller and they will
all be wrong judge woods distinguished
judicial career speaks for itself
defenders of Judge wood might also get
something slightly wrong about her
defenders of Judge wood will be trying
to prove her objectivity by saying she
was appointed to the federal bench by
Republican President Ronald Reagan which
is technically true but only technically
true she was actually chosen for the
federal judgeship by the late Democratic
Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan whose
name is now on the building she works in
president's usually lead the selection
of federal judges to the senators from
the state where the judge will be
working Republican presidents rely on
the Republican senator or senators in
that state to tell them who to appoint
when Daniel Patrick Moynihan was elected
in 1976 he was serving under a
Democratic president jimmy carter and so
normally senator Moynihan would choose
all of the federal judges in the four
federal districts in New York State that
is a lot of judges with senator Moynihan
made a unique bargain with New York's
Republican senator Jacob Javits he gave
senator Javits 25% of the federal
judgeships as long as Senator Moynihan
could have 25% of the federal judgeships
when there was a Republican president
that deal was honored by senator Javits
Republican successor al D'Amato and it
worked out very well for Senator
Moynihan because for the 12 years of the
consecutive Reagan Bush presidencies
Daniel Patrick Moynihan was the only
Democrat in the Senate who was choosing
federal judges and so yes technically
judge Kimball would who was a point of
the federal bench in the last year of
the Reagan presidency is a Reagan judge
but really Kimball would as a Moynihan
judge
as was the now Supreme Court Justice
Sonia Sotomayor and countless other
distinguished members of the federal
judiciary in New York State Donald Trump
cannot fire Kimball wood if he manages
to fire the special prosecutor judge
Kimbell wood will still go to work every
day in the Moynihan courthouse presiding
over what is tonight the most important
case in America and in her first ruling
in that case today when she denied
motions by the President of the United
States and his friend Michael Cohen to
prevent the US Attorney for the Southern
District of New York from fairly
examining the evidence seized in the
michael cohen raids
she said words that you know infuriated
the President of the United States I
have faith in the Southern District US
Attorney's office that their integrity
is unimpeachable
hey there I'm Chris
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
