joining us now NBC justice correspondent
Pete Williams Ron Hosko a former
assistant director of the FBI and now
president of law enforcement Legal
Defense Fund and Daniel Goldman former
assistant US attorney for the Southern
District of New York we just have to say
something quickly you're right Jim Comey
goes after the president's hair his skin
the guys saying he goes to dice but the
President of the United States who in
theory sets the ethical or but our moral
bar for the nation called him a
slimeball on Friday so Ron you worked
with Jim Comey
he was your boss for several years you
know he went into graphic detail saying
that it was very difficult for him to
have to talk to the president about
potentially having relations with
prostitutes but for me what what stood
out was he took moral issue with the
president I didn't hear many smoking
guns about something illegal and as the
director of the FBI when we think what
are we gonna get out of this guy it's
not gonna be moral judgment it's gonna
be a legal problem
you know the Jim Comey that I II knew
and worked with is an ethical moral man
I thought he came into the organization
really with a great sense of personal
warmth he loved the job by all
indicators that he gave to us I think he
wanted to keep that job for 10 years and
be regarded as one of the great FBI
directors of all time so I think what we
saw last night at least what I saw last
night was a guy who kind of fits that
mold he certainly knows how to tell a
story to recount details and I think Jim
Comey kind of took events as he found
them and and we saw the conflict in some
of those events that's a great challenge
to make the right decision during
extremely political times and certainly
a man who was willing to kind of cast
some moral judgements on somebody who he
saw as immoral sure but again Dan to you
they were details so they they told a
story which is great in terms of enter
payment and reading but from from as a
lawyer when you read that or when you
heard those clips were there any red
flags for you because what president
trunk looks like and how he behaves
people knew that before they voted for
him no but but you shouldn't be
surprised by that because if Jim Comey
is not going to reveal any other aspect
of an investigation if there is one that
he knows about he is a upstanding law
enforcement professional and a career
law enforcement official and to the
you're asking if they're sort of a
smoking gun if there's something that's
gonna get a lot of buzz around around
you know town or with the president
you're not gonna get that from him he's
a very careful person and that doesn't
mean it doesn't exist but he is he is
not going to reveal he can be very
careful and he was very careful in that
interview he's not going to reveal
anything that is actually confidential
and should remain confidential so it
doesn't mean it wasn't it it is good for
the investigation it is not good for an
obstruction of justice investigation for
your main witness or a primary witness
to be writing a book we hated when
witnesses wrote books that was the worst
thing that is just feeding a defense
lawyer a whole litany of
cross-examination material but he's a
very careful smart person and I think
the reason why you're left wanting is
actually intentional what do you think I
wonder the same thing is an interesting
book but we were all combing through it
to see if there was something about
obstruction you know Pete we heard call
me say he thinks there's evidence of
obstruction of justice maybe maybe he
didn't really even really come out and
say it all that all that convincingly
well he's quite explicit about it in the
book he says the the two possibilities
for obstruction are first of all his
firing and secondly the president's
asking him or saying that he hopes that
the FBI will drop the investigation into
Michael Flynn but then he says this in
the book he says while disturbing and
violating basic norms of ethical
leadership that may fall short of
being illegal he says this could be
trumped trying to obstruct justice it's
certainly possible he says but he says
he doesn't know whether it's actually
going to turn out that way so he doesn't
know anything more about those events
than what's in the book as a matter of
fact what's known about those events is
what's in the book of course other than
his firing there's lots of elements of
that and all of them have been pretty
much made public Ron we need to remember
you know Jim Comey is sort of the least
popular man in town if you think about
Hillary Clinton and her camp are no
friends of Jim Comey and we know how the
president feels about him he said that
he might have used different words in
describing how Hillary Clinton handled
classified documents in the email
investigation what struck you about his
level of self-criticism you know I think
there are places here and again Pete's
kind of cheated on the test he
apparently has the book I haven't read
it but but I think there are some there
are some clear passages here that
suggest south doubt self criticism
certainly in how he responded to the
president during this the dinner of the
two had at the White House you know he
said their self doubt about how he
processed the the end of the Clinton
investigation and this public
pronouncement on July the fifth and then
going forward in October so I think
there there are pieces that a critical
reader is going to say hey I get that I
understand that but you're right
Stephanie he has plenty of critics in
this town from both sides of the aisle
both of them have been in ways viciously
critical of Comey
and I think some people may have it
right that maybe Comey found the right
the right path even though it was a
tortured path and any a path that was
you know with vipers on both sides as
I've said before maybe that was the
right path in in a in an event or in a
series of events that had no perfect
outcome
well there's Bobby nobody's gonna think
he's you know that is the problem that
everything on either side of this thing
people think home we did the wrong thing
okay but then I asked you without having
read the book
but you've seen the hour-long interview
do you believe anyone's mind has been
changed how they feel about the
president or how they feel about him
come fundamentally no I think if you if
you didn't if you thought Jim Comey was
working in as a president you probably
still think so because now you know that
he actually doesn't like the president
thinks he's immoral calls them names and
talks about his tie in his hands and his
and his eyes and if you think that Jim
Comey did the wrong thing to Hillary
Clinton he justifies why he did it so I
don't I don't think anybody's mind has
changed but it's an interesting read hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
