right yes just days after it was
revealed that he's been under criminal
investigation for months federal
prosecutors are honing in on Cohen's
personal business dealings stating that
the crimes being investigated involved
acts of concealment now this is again
this is not robert muller this is a
Southern District of New York right the
news comes after that raid on Cohen's
home office and hotel room exactly one
week ago attorneys for the President and
Cohen are trying to block investigators
from reviewing the some of the materials
seized in that raid claiming they are
protected by attorney-client privilege
last night the president's new attorney
joanna Hendon asked a federal judge to
give copies of all seized materials to
Cohen to let him identified anything
identify anything involving the
President and then allow the President
to determine what of that material
federal investigators are allowed to see
yeah that's not gonna happen
yesterday the president tweeted this
quote attorney-client privilege is now a
thing of the past
I have many too many lawyers and they're
probably wondering when their offices
and even their homes are going to be
rated with everything including their
phones and the computers taken all the
way lawyers are deflated and concerned
one more thing the president reportedly
called Cohen on Friday
to check in bad yeah moving by the way
do that I think Donald Trump's attorneys
realized that if they're if they were
not committing a crime committed crime
or if they weren't a part of a
conspiracy then the attorney-client
privilege still it goes but John
Holloman yeah you said that by five
o'clock six o'clock seven o'clock
tonight this is probably going to be the
lead because you're a lot of let's just
say a lot of things are coming together
on those courthouse steps you think
Owens going what's happening you think
about that about some of those scenes
from the great Tom Wolf's book bond by
the band yeah this is gonna be one of
those moments down in Kimball woods
court room down in the Southern District
down in right down far downtown New York
you're gonna have Michael Cohen who the
judge last week basically said you can't
do this through your lawyer got to come
in so I go corns gonna go is going to
come in stormy Daniels gonna come in
stormy stories lawyer Michael avenatti
gonna be there right and almost
certainly not guaranteed but but there's
a
likelihood that microphones gonna have
to take the fifth in that courtroom and
so the the spectacle the president's
personal warriors God yes taking the
fifth
Kimball woods is it not really that's
right so you're gonna have that moment
and I think you know the product the
site of the president's personal lawyer
pleading the fifth is gonna make it
clear that this is there's no this not
messing around the Southern District is
one of those serious districts in the
country tonight you know you don't have
to watch billions to know that and they
have and they have and the fact that
they got this these warts this yeah we
saw them reporting over the weekend just
say this last thing the president
clearly is obsessed with this case and
the president and his team think that
this case now poses as much political
and legal threat and jeopardy to the
president and maybe more than the Muller
investigation and that just puts us in a
kind of extraordinary place given these
twin legal and battlements he's facing
and the pressure the president is under
so joining us now MSNBC legal analyst
Danny Cevallos and political reporter
for The Washington Post in the moderator
of Washington week on PBS Robert Kosta
Danny I've heard not only from people
close to the president but we have read
some of the president's staunchest legal
defenders are saying forget about Muller
that's not the threat but what's
happening in the Southern District of
New York is an existential crisis for
the president I agree I think the
Southern District investigation is cause
for great concern not just from Michael
Cohen but for the president because keep
in mind they have now raided an
attorney's office which is a pretty rare
thing although the US Attorney's manual
contemplates it it's something that
happens but not very often censoring
that Rudy Giuliani said is it unusual
yes is extraordinary no no absolutely
not it's not extraordinary but what
we'll see today is that both sides find
that there is really a not a lot of case
law out there on this specific instance
yes sometimes attorneys officers are
rated but the concern there is that you
have a criminal defense attorney and the
government is using it as an end
to get to their clients files this is
different this is a case from Michael
Kona's primarily a civil attorney the
government says he doesn't have a lot of
clients and they're raiding Michael
Cohen as a subject not his tar is actual
clients as targets yeah Bob Kosta
what's the level of concern among not
only Donald Trump people in the Trump
administration but also Republicans on
Capitol Hill that this in fact poses a
far greater threat than any
investigations into collusion there's
concern because they know about the
president's habits and the Michael
Cohen's habits they for decades Cohen
has been known as the post is reported
to record audio conversations with
people he was dealing with legally even
politically at times and those files
were in his office in some capacity
whether on his computer or elsewhere and
so you see the Trump attorneys the
president's attorneys along with Cohen's
attorneys trying to push federal
investigators to allow them to choose
what is allowed to be part of this
investigation or not but that may not
going to may not be under their purview
and so you have a lot of anxiety about
what the Republicans on Capitol Hill
what do people in the White House not
know yeah and what might stormy gonna be
there well I think she's gonna be there
as Michael avenatti has shown himself to
be an extraordinarily effective troll of
the president I mean think this is a
publicity thing he we've to test it on
the show before I mean she doesn't need
to be there she's gonna be are
discussing yes well yes is part of the
case relates to her here her case is
what we really don't need the photos
thank you her case is what triggered a
lot of this investigation in a michael
cohen and the question of whether these
these payments of hush money and and
whether komen was acting on behalf of
the president that's at the core of the
case but she's not on the stand there's
no reason for her to be there other than
forthcoming to send a jolt of
electricity and get Michael Cohen off
his game create more of a spectacle
get inside Donald Trump's head but Danny
I want to ask you this question just
spell it out like what is like the
president's legal jeopardy here is what
why is it exactly that this is more
potentially more of an existential
threat to the president than the Bob
Muller inquiry I think the answer to
that question is why is the president
fighting so hard
avoid review of these privileged
documents by the government because
that's what the fight is about today
it's not about whether the government
ultimately gets to those documents its
whose eyes get to see those sets of
documents and decide whether they're
privileged or not privileged and why
then is President Trump now an
intervener in this case why takes such
an interest why not allow Cohen's
attorneys to fight that battle it must
be so important to the president that
this search warrant the document seized
are reviewed by the president that he is
willing to intervene in a case that is
of such high profile that immediately
it's going to have people wondering why
so concerned mr. president so Clint
obviously if you're a prosecutor you're
going to want they get as much of this
material and have have use of as much of
this material as possible I'm wondering
though wouldn't a judge be looking at
this looking at every piece of every
file every every paragraph every word as
skeptically as possible because because
it is it is again not extraordinary but
unusual to pierce that that veil of an
attorney-client privilege yeah it's
really extraordinary in my opinion
because you're talking about four levels
you're talking about going from Muller
to Rosenstein Rosen signed to the
Southern District Southern District to a
judge that means four people said we
need to move forward on this and that's
pretty damning I think in terms of this
investigation the other part of it which
has always been the biggest
vulnerability for the Trump
administration is other crimes
discovered in the course of
investigation once you start looking
into these documents it can open up
another nest of leads that goes in a lot
of different directions and what's
always remarkable about the president in
his comments is he seems to think
attorney-client privilege means if you
have a lawyer in the room you can do
anything you want and you can't be held
responsible for your actions and that's
not the case if there is a felony or
some sort of conspiring going on this is
this is really damaging stuff and I
think the Southern District New York is
the best place to pursue one of these
kinds of cases
they always do it right okay want to go
to Bob Kosta and then Heidi Bob Kosta on
the president state of mind and then
Heidi on any movement among compliant
Republicans Bob Castille you go first on
the president's state of mind based on
my conversations with White House
officials over the weekend he is someone
who is isolated in the sense that he's
lashing out at former FBI director James
Comey he's going to be manning Twitter
again today looking for possible
opportunities to make different
arguments looking ahead also tomorrow
Lago and the discussions with AH Bay on
trade in North Korea and still has all
the issues facing him with Syria so this
is a White House that feels besieged not
only by Comey but fighting battles on
multiple fronts and that's making a
president who doesn't have all those
confidants around him anymore more in a
position of a fighter he's more more
isolated than ever Bob hey a lot of his
associates from over the years are just
gone and he's surrounded by people in
the administration he somewhat likes but
he's there little things like the vice
president's tapping of John Lerner to be
a national security adviser that was
then spiked over the weekend little
things and big things that have animated
him and irritated him behind the scenes
that make him very unpredictable at this
moment Heidi I spoke to an advisor who's
close to speaker Ryan late last week
when this was all going down and he said
look if anything this almost takes from
their perspective the pressure off some
Republicans because they feel like now
that this case is moving ahead in New
York that no matter what happens with
Bob Miller no matter what happens with
rod Rosenstein this is going to go
forward I don't know if that holds
muster with the American people but I do
know that that is some of the thinking
that's going on right now among
Republican leadership they want to see
this investigation taking to an end and
another thing I wanted to mention guys
was about the dimension the possible
dimension here and the consequences of
why the president is so nervous is that
Michael Cohen is also the gatekeeper to
a lot of the Trump business secrets and
when you tick down the list of shady
things it ranges from everything from
working with a money launderer
close to the Iran's Revolutionary Guard
to the fact that the Trump Taj Mahal was
fined for a minor money-laundering
violations Wow all right Danny Cevallos
Robert Costa Clint Watts Heidi Priss
Bella thank you all very very much
still ahead John Helmand is just back
from Russia we're gonna get his new
reporting for the circus plus more from
Jim Comey's first television interview
since being fired he claims the
president lies constantly treats women
like meat and is morally unfit to be
President Morning Joe is coming right
back thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
