welcome back everybody joining us from
Washington with a look at Axios am the
co-founder of Axios Mike Allen Mike good
morning to you good to talk to you
talking about what axis is a one big
thing is this morning yeah well good
Monday morning as we start Earth Week
and access is one big thing is
counter-programming the Trump show so
the Trump show finally has competition
for airtime this is of course from James
Comey who has begun his five-week book
an interview tour as he goes
coast-to-coast
to talk about his book which is finally
out tomorrow even though it's driven
news for days and two of the interviews
that are out with the fired FBI director
they show what's coming in almost
identical words in the two interviews he
talks about why the president is morally
unfit for president so why is that
important why that matters is that James
Comey is gonna have the discipline of a
political candidate as he goes off on
this trip he's owned a message and he's
gonna repeat it again and again so what
kind of what kind of reaction like are
you and your Axios colleagues hearing
about Kobe's interview last night and
more people thinking is more believable
here president Trump or Jim Comey well
as your viewers saw the president
yesterday we did five times about James
Comey one for each of the weeks that
he's going to be out on his book tour at
the top of it Axios this morning we have
a great drawing of cranium of President
Trump and in it our lots of little
commis because kobe definitely is living
in the president's head at the moment
but keep your eye on the ball and what
matters much more than what James Comey
is saying is what Robert Muller's up to
and perhaps even more what the New York
feds are up to White House officials
tell us that that is what President
Trump is worried about he may vent about
James Comey but what really has umbral
is these twin investigations are we
hearing it all the fact that the Comey
interview in the coming book could could
it all affect the Malheur investigation
so Comey already has affected the Moller
investigation that is the memo that he
wrote after his
important meeting with the president
where the president asked him for
loyalty that very vivid right almost a
novel ask memo that gave us into the
book to come that's important his
testimony is important robert muller
doesn't have the flair for the dramatic
that James Comey has and he'll stick to
facts so what's more important than
what's James Comey saying now is what he
left behind in the form of that memo and
those records yeah and he walks us
through that interaction in his book
when the President does ask him for
loyalty and that in that meeting at the
White House I know that actually this is
looking at how the Comey interview is
sort of part of FBI's revenge following
Trump's previous attacks on the bureau
why could this be bad for the president
yeah so they used to say you know don't
pick a fight with someone who buys ink
by a barrel will also don't pick a fight
with someone whose job it is to find
damaging information on people and the
president has been trolling the FBI
criticizing the FBI throughout this
investigation and now we see on three
fronts the FBI really taking its toll on
him you have James Comey out there the
FBI director that he fired touching off
these other two and that is Robert
Muller former FBI director running the
special counsels investigation and of
course up and there in New York
it was FBI agents who raided the office
of his lawyer Michael Cohen I called
Michael Cohen
the rosetta stone to trump business
dealings aboard a decade he has been the
person that knows what's happening and
as the Washington Post tells us he's
even been taping some of it well
certainly I want to look for this week
that's for sure Mike Allen thank you
we're gonna be reading Axios a.m. in
just a little bit and to all of our
viewers out there you too can sign up
for the newsletter
Axios comm that does it for us on this
Monday morning
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me
or click over on this list to see lots
of other great videos
