new poll numbers out today show some
good news for Democrats as they head
into this year's midterm elections the
latest NBC news/wall Street Journal poll
shows Democrats leading Republicans by
seven points in the generic
congressional preference poll but there
are some signs of shrinking enthusiasm
for Democrats overall not only is this
number down from a 10-point lead last
month but when asked their vote for
Congress this year would send a message
that we need more Democrats to be a
check on President Trump and Republicans
40 percent said yes that's compared to
46 percent who said that back in October
joining me now the chairman of the House
Democratic caucus and New York
Congressman Joe Crowley congressman
thanks so much for your time tonight I
really appreciate you being here Thank
You Casey
always great to be with you let's start
with those midterm numbers clearly we
have some times ago before these fall
elections but what is it that you think
is gonna be the deciding factor for
Democrats in taking back the house why
are those numbers moving now and doesn't
matter in the long run well I still
think balance is a big issue for the
American people I think they see the
government way out of whack and this is
their opportunity these midterm
elections to to set Washington straight
and to bring balance back to Washington
I also think the biggest issue for these
congressional districts is all politics
is local
as Tip O'Neill said and they need to
focus on their districts what Medicare
means to their constituency what Social
Security means their constituency
talking about job creation and economic
growth those are the things I think
they're going to help elect Democrats
throughout this country and as well
Casey I think the caliber of Democrats
that we're putting up are incredible
where we see more scientists running for
elective office more women more veterans
running for elective office as Democrats
very crowded slates in Democratic
primaries are you concerned at all that
some of those primaries might ultimately
cost you seats you know III think that
that has a way of working itself out I
think that people understand what's at
stake Democrats as well as Republicans
understand what's at stake and that is
the future of our country things are so
out of balance Casey that they recognize
this is their only and may be the last
chance to really have an opportunity to
bring that balance back to Washington
and that's why I think they'll focus on
those issues in this general election in
November
House Speaker Paul Ryan announced that
he will not run for re-election this
past week how does that help or hurt
Democrats in the midterm elections do
you think that that is a sign that they
are potentially heading for a blue wave
and do you think it'll hurt fundraising
well I think it certainly says that when
the Paul Ryan's district itself is more
employ now than ever before the
gentleman running against him has
already raised well over five million
dollars and definitely put towards
whoever he will face in November yet to
be determined but I do think it was a
clear signal the clearest single so far
that we've had that Paul Ryan himself
didn't have faith that they would hold
on to the majority and he would no
longer be speaker and that he mic pipes
would possibly be blamed after the
election for that loss and I think
that's why he got out as always it
really was surprising to all of us I
think the speaker had only been in that
job for about two and a half years that
the two men who are talked most about to
replace him Steve Scalise Kevin McCarthy
now it seems to have consolidated
support both much younger than the
members of the Democratic leadership
team are you at all concerned that
Republicans will benefit from having new
blood in their leadership while while
Democrats are in many ways stuck with
this the same team that you guys have
been running with for a good long time
now no I you know you're making me seem
very old at 56 years of age cases I
think that what Democrats are focused on
that includes myself that includes
leader Pelosi and our entire team is
winning back the house that's all that
matters because it's not about personal
aggrandizement or gain it's about
winning back the House of
Representatives for Democrats but more
importantly for the people of our
country that's how we feel about this so
you look I know everyone's you know is
really into the palace intrigue but at
the end of the day first thing first is
to win back the house representatives
and let everything else work its way
after they work until after that if
Nancy Pelosi wants to remain as leader
or potentially become Speaker would you
ever consider challenging her for those
roles or would you rule that out listen
I don't you know I said no I don't
foresee really an opportunity like that
really presenting itself you know so I
would say know what that I really have
said that before and last week I said
and I'll say it again I don't really see
that at this point in the future
let me ask you a policy question the
there has been quite a bit of debate
around the strikes in Syria and the
potential for the need for a new
authorization for use of military forces
that's something that you would support
and do you think that there's any chance
anything like that could potentially
come to the floor of the house not only
do I support it now but like Donald
Trump
I believe we needed a new AUMF during
the Obama administration as well I do
think that we're well into our second
decade of this same AUMF being used for
these military strikes and I certainly
think that a president Trump wants to
carry out additional attacks he needs to
come to Congress first and get the
authorization we need to exert what is
our constitutional duty we may not want
to do it but it's something we already
we're responsible for and we need to
take back control of that and pass a you
a new AUMF the speaker Paul Ryan now of
course leaving in some ways freed from
some of the constraints he may have felt
before and there's been some speculation
he might be willing to bring a bill to
help the daca kids to the floor before
the end of his time as Speaker do you
see yourself supporting something that
is short of the DREAM Act if it would in
fact allow those kids to stay here
legally before the midterm elections I
would have to see the legislation first
I would hope that Paul would use this
opportunity as he's leaving unfettered
to bring decent and good legislation
before the House floor in that meantime
I do think this is a unique opportunity
for him to do that and if it's something
that I believe is in the best interest
of my constituents especially of the
dreamers I would have to consider it but
I can't tell you what I would do without
seeing the legislation itself
Republicans are suggesting that
Democrats might not be willing to
support it because they feel like
they'll get political leverage out of it
how do you respond to that that's
rubbish
I don't believe that at all I believe
that we have said all along that we want
is for the dreamers those who are
brought here at a very early age who are
who are culturally Americans to be given
the opportunity to stay in this country
and contribute continue to contribute
towards our nation so far the courts
have
ruled against the president we think
that's good but it needs a legislative
solution and Democrats have been all
about a legislative solution we've been
holding out in hopes that they would
bring a clean DREAM Act to the floor we
would have to see what that actually
bring up between now and the end the end
of this Congress Congressman Joe Crowley
thanks so much for your time tonight I
really appreciate it on the hill this
week hey there are Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
