Michael Schmidt I'm gonna start with you
because this book that we are we have
been learning about the last few days
the interview set to air tonight James
Comey in many ways this saga was touched
off by your reporting in the New York
Times about Hillary Clinton's Pratt use
of private email when she was Secretary
of State what in this book that Comey
has put out do you feel is going to make
a material difference in how events
unfold with the Muller investigation as
we go forward I'm not sure how much it
really changes the equation there the
one thing is is that if Comey were to
ever be a witness against Trump like in
front of the in front of Congress you're
even at a trial or anything they could
say look and you had a real motivation
to go after the president you wrote this
whole book you made all of this money
you did all these things maybe your
words shouldn't be taken as seriously
maybe they could undermine him that way
in terms of details about the president
or about the email investigation I to
the newest thing is the reaction by
Trump and his folks when they were
briefed in January of twenty twenty
seventeen when they were first told Matt
back and they first respond and say hey
how we gonna deal with this politically
but besides that you had Comey testify
last summer before on Capitol Hill for
many many hours and covered a lot of
these things P Williams what's your take
on that I mean do you think I was
surprised that Comey was cut would be
willing to come out and say so much when
he is potentially a witness in an
investigation it seems like the opposite
of everything whenever you're telling us
talking about these investigations on
television you know we very often hear
that your sources cannot speak about an
ongoing investigation I think the
message that come through it comes
through is that mr. Comey is still upset
about being fired probably rightly so I
think the things that we learn about are
some of the explanations for his
decision and surprisingly some of the
reaction to it especially on the Clinton
email investigation I will say one other
thing Casey there was a race I think to
see which was going to come out first
the Comey book or the inspector
general's report on how the FBI handled
the clean
male investigation which we recall was
started before mr. Trump actually took
the oath of office so it's been over a
year now and we learned on Friday when
the McCabe report came out in a letter
to the hill that now the Inspector
General says that report will come out
sometime in May but what's interesting
is Comey says in his book that after all
the beating he took from Democrats
including in a private meeting from
senator Al Franken the Chuck Schumer
came up to him with tears in his eyes
and sort of grabbed his arms and said
you did what you had to do and he also
said he had a meeting toward the end of
November with President Obama who said I
chose you because I thought you were the
right guy you were full of integrity and
nothing you've done since then nothing
has changed my opinion speaking of
Democrats being angry Phil Rucker and I
think you know as well as I do that some
of the people that seem to dislike Comey
more than anyone else in Washington work
for Hillary Clinton you have this tweet
from former Clinton campaign adviser
Philippe brighness about Jim Comey it
reads quote a higher loyalty to whom
ATCO mean that of course is Twitter's
Comey Twitter handle FBI I know you set
the bureau backed by years DOJ know you
broke every rule USA know blew up a
candidate your oath no didn't quit you
were fired only one thing left money
ding ding ding now Philippe is not
exactly known for subtlety on Twitter I
wouldn't say Twitter whore off Twitter
for that matter yes what is it what is
your take on kind of the way that Comey
has set himself out here from a
political perspective well he's he's
vulnerable with this book he's clearly
got both partisans on the Democratic
side and on the Republican side who
frankly hate his guts and think he made
a lot of bad judgments in his time at
the as the FBI director in his book he
has a few chapters detailing his work on
the Clinton email investigation he
defends his handling of it he says
within a couple stylistic points about
that speech he gave in July he would
have done differently but substantively
he says he would not have done anything
differently and he has what I found
pretty striking is a message of sort of
apology to Hillary Clinton he says I
read in your memoir what happened that
you're angry with me that you blame me
for this loss and it's not a full
apology but he says I'm sorry you're so
angry I'm sorry you feel that way and
I'm sorry I couldn't have explained
better to you and your
supporters and the American people why I
did what I did and he admits in that
sound bite that that was released today
that he was making this decision in the
context of the fact that he believed
that she was going to win the election
and that that may have subconsciously
anyway influenced his thinking yeah
although he also makes that's true he
says he may it may have subconsciously
impacted his thinking but he also says
that he didn't deliberately make a
decision based on the political
environment that to do so would be very
bad for the country mm-hmm so as we've
been talking about just now people on
both sides of the 2016 16 campaign have
questioned James commis motivations
former New Jersey Governor Chris
Christie had this to say about how Comey
handled reopening the Clinton probe days
before the election it is exactly what
they teach you not to do and I think
it's unfortunate that Jim's who's a good
guy a good family man a good person and
was a very good prosecutor but he began
to believe his own press clippings and
it's the biggest danger in public life
and the hubris that he shows in that
interview is extraordinary to me and not
the guy that I worked with or worked for
and it's sad I want to add one more
seemingly unrelated item to this Comey
concludes the book by comparing the
Trump White House to a forest fire that
may bring some destructive good quote
the next president no matter the party
will surely emphasize values truth
integrity respect and tolerance in ways
an American leader hasn't needed to for
more than 40 years the fire will make
something good grow I wrote this book
because I hope it will be useful to
people living among the flames and we're
thinking about what comes next
Clinton Watts I want to go to you on
this as somebody who worked inside the
agency that seems like a remarkably
political statement and I think the
overall picture here of Comey is is of
somebody who is very much a political
operator is that the way people that you
know inside the Bureau view it is that
the way you look at it yeah I didn't
serve there when Comey was in charge but
what I find interesting about his book
is the only bad guys in there aren't mob
bosses or terrorists or criminals it's
all politicians you know it's the first
FBI book I've ever seen where
it is really aimed at other people
inside the beltway and the biggest enemy
also seems to be the swamp ironically
what what I think is notable about this
is how Comey seems to have had to
navigate a nearly impossible path
depending on how you see his situation
he was navigating away from Lynch and
sort of the Democrat side leading it
into it being cheered on by the
Republicans and then having a 180 in a
reversal and it must have been a lonely
path and it also is one that really
speaks to our institutions today under
Trump which is how can you actually do
your job when you're between Capitol
Hill and the White House and you have
these competing pressures going on in
this polarized environment so I like his
quote there at the end but I am very
skeptical that that that will be the
outcome Pete Williams what's your view
you've covered many FBI well a handful
anyway of FBI directors they tend to
come and go less frequently than many
other officials in Washington but do you
view Jim Comey as more political than
your average FBI director or is this par
for the course for a job that this
that's of this significance well when
you're involved in investigating
candidates running for president you
inevitably get sucked into this so I
think in that sense I mean he's forever
gonna have this around his neck in his
legacy but remember Louis Freeh got a
lot of heat as well for the
investigation of whether there was
anything done wrong and Clinton
fundraising so not so much Muller I
think his his he will be remembered as
FBI director for the guy who kept the
FBI glued together after 9/11 when there
was a lot of effort to tear it apart
into two separate things one that would
do intelligence and one that would do
sort of conventional criminal work but I
think I don't I you know the Comey book
here I think the things that surprised
me were how willing he is to you
constantly he talked about the Mafia in
terms of dealings with the President and
then some of the more sort of see me
details about the dossier I was
surprised that he went into that detail
but it really is if you look at the book
as a whole you start at the beginning
and go to the end it's James Comey
explaining why he did what he did and
who he is he says at one point I
think candidly that people criticize him
for perhaps having too much of an ego or
perhaps too much confidence in his own
judgment and that this may be a weak
point for him I think he's quite candid
about that because a lot of people have
said that about it Michael Schmitt do
you agree yeah I mean I think he's gonna
spend a lot of time for the rest of his
life trying to explain this to people
trying to make them see the world
through his eyes the funny thing to
watch here in Washington is that it's
both sides that don't like him but they
also sort of like him for other reasons
I mean for the Democrats
you know without his firing you probably
wouldn't have Muller and you know they
really saw his firing as a huge issue
that unleashed a newer enormous amount
of things about Trump
so it the thing about Kobe's he doesn't
fit into one small things it's like too
complicated you sense remorse from Comey
about how he handled the Clinton
investigation at all I don't know no
none whatsoever the one thing that he
talks about and he goes into great
detail is the decision not so much that
until July news conference where they
said she shouldn't be charged but that
she did bad things is the letter that he
sent to Congress in late October saying
whoops we found some more emails stand
by we'll let you know whether there's
anything good in there or not and that's
the one where he says and he sort of
enlarges on what he said in the Senate
at the time I either had to conceal or
reveal there was no good alternative and
I chose a bad one but the other was
worse I just think when he went out and
does the press conference in July and
people don't appreciate this
he really ratcheted up the rhetoric on
it he did a public issue in a way that
it wasn't before and really turned
things right he was essentially saying
well I'm not gonna prosecute but he
offered kind of his own rhetorical
indictment came a huge political thing
at that point and bigger
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
