still associated with my cocoa NSD
continue to consider my cocoa and
someone wholesome I know that the
president has worked with him as a
personal attorney beyond that I don't
have anything else really really that
artful Dodge came same-day the Justice
Department revealed that the president's
personal lawyer and longtime fixer
Michael Cohen is under criminal
investigation for his business practices
the New York Times reports that on
Friday Donald Trump did the one thing
you should never do when your lawyers
under criminal investigation he called
Cohen just to quote chicken as attorneys
for both men went to court to try and
stop federal prosecutors from using
material seized during Monday's raid of
Cohen's offices and his hotel room and
join me now Urmi Daniel's current
attorney who we know we still hear a
dirty Michael avenatti
and civil rights attorney Lisa bloom ok
there's so much III literally was going
through all of my elements here Michael
trying to figure out where to go first
because so much has happened in the last
just 24 hours so CNN reports that the
FBI has seized recordings between
Michael Cohen and the former attorney
for your client what does that mean to
your case and or the federal case well
it's very disturbing obviously to me and
my client that Michael Cohen would be
making recordings between himself and
mr. Davidson my clients former attorney
and so we're gonna get to the bottom of
whether those recordings actually exist
if they do exist that may give us
grounds to file yet another action
against mr. Cohen yeah for the for those
recordings but you know it's pretty
outrageous that you have an attorney
that is engaged potentially an illegal
recording of conversations not only that
it's stupid yeah it's just flat-out
stupid I mean I am constantly amazed
with each passing day of the lack of
intelligence that has been demonstrated
by this man this attorney Michael Cohen
and I'm even more amazed that this is
the guy that the President of the United
States would pick as his fixer
yeah and mr. Davidson
is he california-based because there's
also the question of whether those call
weather recording those calls was even
legal right yeah it's not even a
question so those of us who are in
California right we have the right not
to be recorded you can't go to another
state and do the recording right
California law is very clear yeah so
this is like a criminal taking a picture
of himself while he's committing a crime
right if you are recording somebody in
California and you're saving those
recordings and the FBI now has them yeah
Michael's absolutely right that is
ridiculously slow let's talk a little
bit about mr. Davidson Keith Davidson
he's represented your client stormy
Daniels Ms Clifford he's represented
Karen McDougal the eighth form a plain
Playboy Playboy Playmate who claims that
she had a month months long affair with
Donald Trump and the unnamed woman
involved in the an affair an alleged
affair and abortion that took place with
a gentleman named mr. Brue Edie who was
a an RNC fundraising Vice Chair he
represented all these women is it your
clients contention that when he was
representing her he was representing her
in a sense on behalf of Donald Trump not
yet okay we don't have enough
information to make that inference and
our focus right now is not necessarily
on mr. Davidson but our focus is on mr.
Cohen okay and mr. Trump and their
conduct as it relates to my client their
efforts to intimidate her strong-arm her
and to cover up the payment to her
that's our focus right now yeah and it's
just for one moment this this
fundraising Elliot broidy which is
nothing to do with your case but who it
seems that Michael Cohen also arranged
payments for and also arranged an NDA
which seemed to be very similar to the
NDA that Miss Clifford signed me it's so
similar that David Dennison the fake
name used for Donald Trump and Peggy
Peterson the fake name used for stormy
Daniels were also used in that other
case if this was a boilerplate NDA that
was just being farmed out to multiple
women does that weaken the NDA that your
client thought well I think it may but
it is unclear as to whether it's
boilerplate from mr. Davidson or if it's
boilerplate from mr. Cohen you know I I
broke that story on Thursday night on
Twitter yeah when I when I announced the
fact that mr. Davidson our mr. Cohen in
fact had negotiated another NDA on
behalf of this GOP donor and then the
Wall Street Journal the next day
printed the article I mean I think
there's a lot of similarities there's a
pattern a practice here yeah at least as
it relates to mr. Cohen and I am
confident that we're not talking about
two or three or five or seven different
women we're gonna get well into the
double digits when it's all said and
done and I'm confident that the
documents that have been obtained by the
FBI right in connection with these raids
are going to show there's a lot of women
and that which brings me back to you
Lisa
if Michael Cohen in his capacity as vice
finance chair of the Republican National
Committee is arranging multiple payoffs
to women and in his capacity as Donald
Trump's we're not sure what because he
he formally became his lawyer after
Trump became president before that he
was a member of the Trump Organization
he was he worked for Trump if he's
arranging multiple payoffs does the
source of the money become a problem for
him legally does the payoff mil if
that's what it is become a problem for
him legally how much trouble is Michael
coenen yes so listen as attorneys we
have very strict rules about handling
money handling client funds and of
course when there's a campaign for
president there's campaign finance rules
that apply you have to be complied with
and I apparently he's being investigated
for that yeah I also want to say that
attorney-client privilege applies only
to conversations between an attorney
one-on-one with a client it doesn't
apply to Michael Cohen talking about
somebody else's case to some third party
it doesn't apply to his phone calls with
third parties I mean that's all
completely discoverable and available to
the FBI and I want to just really
quickly read Elliott broidy statement
mr. Comey he said the following mr.
Cohen reached out to me after being
contacted by this woman's attorney Keith
Davidson although I had not previously
hired mr. Cohen I retained mr. Cohen
after he informed me about his prior
relationship with mr. Davidson it does
seem that they have an alliance or
relationship is that normal for the
adversarial side's attorneys to be
working together well yes and no
certainly not to this degree I mean
these two attorneys appear to have
become very very close and I think it's
a very suspicious situation but this
this broidy situation you know let me
just say this Michael Cohen right now is
radio active anybody that had any
contact with him on anything that was
not a hundred percent aboveboard at this
point in time this morning should be
very very nervous
what we learned in court yesterday joy
was that according to his lawyers we're
talking about documents that may span 30
years that were obtained by the FBI in
connection with these raids they
described the documents as thousands if
not millions of pages of documents
subject to the attorney-client privilege
including audio recorder yeah that's it
this is going to get very very bad for
Michael Cohen Trump called him well I
mean not only that though but I don't
believe that Michael Cohen can remain
the counsel to the president's as of the
date of that FBI raid because I think
it's a non-waivable conflict and
meanwhile at least you now have another
story that was broken by Ronan Farrow
this week that we you know it's not it's
not confirmed but that there's a former
Trump Tower doorman do you know said
Juden I'm pronouncing his name right who
is who said the following and he
confirmed this story that was originally
broken in The New Yorker today I awoke
to learn that a confidential agreement
that I had with AMI which is the
national Enquirer's parent company with
regard to a story about Trump was leaked
Donald Trump was leaked to the press I
can confirm that while serving at Trump
World Tower I was introduced I was
instructed not to criticize president
Trump's former housekeeper due to a
prior relationship she had with
President Trump which produces a child
you know what Joe I'm really angry I
think we have a right to know in the
middle of the me2 movement how many
women have been silenced by Michael
Cohen and by Donald Trump my client Jill
Hart the first woman to speak out about
sexual misconduct by Donald Trump in
2016 she got a phone call from Michael
Cohen in 2016 asking her to lie and deny
the whole thing which she refused to do
right right how many women for how long
I think we have a right to know and I
also want to say God bless stormy
Daniels and Karen McDougal and of course
her fine attorney for speaking out
because I'm sure this is very hard for
them behind the scenes I spent the week
at the Bill Cosby trial watching woman
after woman stand up against that
high-profile guy it's time for these men
to come clean and especially when we're
talking about our president and sexual
misconduct against women and not only
that but it's a question to you Michael
but also physical intimidation I mean
are we are we are you closer to finding
out the identity of the person who
allegedly in addition to all the rest
that stormy Daniels has gone through the
mists Clifford has gone through
threatened her and her child
so last Sunday my client sat down with
Lois Gibson and created this forensic
sketch we've made an enormous amount of
progress joy in the last week not
towards identifying that individuals or
individual I should say and we're
hopeful that we're gonna have an
announcement next week sometime he tell
us what's on the tape no not yet I had
to try not yeah but you know what I
wonder what's on all the other tapes the
FBI sees it's an excellent point I mean
I've never if there's a lot of tapes
there's gonna be a lot of tapes in this
case Wow well you know what when you say
it it's totally breaking news so we're
just gonna write that down and bring you
back to talk about it again Michael
haven't I beat Lisa quick thank you both
for being here
up next Russia's reaction to the bombing
of Syria stay with us hey they're armed
cruisers from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click Subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
