I started tell him about the allegation
was that he had been involved with
prostitutes in a hotel in Moscow in 2013
during a visit for the Miss Universe
pageant and that the Russians had filmed
the episode and he interrupted very
defensively and started talking about it
you know do I look like a guy who needs
hookers and I assumed he was asking that
rhetorically I didn't answer that and I
just moved on and explained sir I'm not
saying that we credit this not saying we
believe it we just thought it very
important you know James Comey talking
about the new book and the dossier he
also says Trump raised the issue more
than once
says he may want me to investigate it to
prove that it didn't happen and then he
says something that distracted me cuz he
said you know if there's even a 1%
chance my wife thinks that's true that's
terrible and I remember thinking how
could your wife think there's a 1%
chance you're with prostitutes peeing on
each other in Moscow I honestly never
thought these words would come out of my
mouth but I don't know whether the
current President United States with
prostitutes peeing on each other in
Moscow in 2013 it's possible but I
well then I'm joined by some friends of
the beat Christina Greer Nicholas
Kristof and ambassador McFaul Christina
there's a saying reporting live from the
gutter James Comey saw a lot of
important things what do you think about
him speaking so bluntly about something
that is probably not as important and is
in the gutter so I think his detractors
will say he's got a book to sell and
he's possibly using hyperbole and this
just further discredit him for some
people you know Trump is like tar right
any interaction with him you you somehow
get pulled down to his level he does he
does not rise to the occasion as we've
seen Comey though is an interesting
character in that you know so many
Democrats remember him releasing certain
things about Hillary Clinton before the
election now we know that he had
information on Trump and did not do that
and so he's unfortunately not the most
credible storyteller right now and it's
frustrating because there are so many
things about the Russia scandals the
pathway also Nick here is James Comey
again talking about the discussion about
the tape and whether to investigate
whether there was any kind of tape and I
said to him sir when you started talking
about it and they order you to
investigate that I said sir that's up to
you but you'd want to be careful about
that because it might create a narrative
that we're investigating you personally
and second it's very difficult to prove
something didn't happen you know I guess
I would make the point that I mean it's
incredible that we're having this
conversation about half the time about
golden showers and half the time about a
second federal criminal investigation of
the president but but I do think that
fundamentally this isn't about golden
showers but about a president who is
trying to use the law enforcement
apparatus to get a pass to impress his
wife and your wife one way to think of
2018 is this is not about golden showers
I mean obviously we were titillated by
the fact that that is the content of
this but the larger constitutional issue
the issue of abuse of power or the issue
of instruction has to do with the
president I mean any president is gonna
try to do things for their family maybe
arrange a trip to the National Gallery
but here we have a president who
according to testimony the FBI chief at
the time is instead trying to use
America's FBI investigation tomorrow
national gallery this is the same
president he's using the presidential
seal to you know sell trinkets so that
he can further enrich himself and his
family this is someone who has refused
to rise to the occasion of the
presidency of the United States so he
sees the FBI in the CIA as entities that
work for him because he fundamentally
never sees himself as someone who works
for the American people which is the
definition of the US president you're
putting the context here that links both
of your points which is this is not your
personal FBI and Wratten that original
sin is hanging over everything
ambassador I have news for you I'm gonna
ask you about a different topic okay let
me play for you James Comey discussing
another important policy part which is
what he viewed as Donald Trump's
complete and total lack of interest in
standing up to a national security
crisis in Russia you also said you were
struck by what they didn't ask very much
no one to my recollection asked so what
what's coming next from the Russians how
might we stop it what's the future look
like it was all what can we say about
what they did and how it affects the
election that we just had ambassador
well very consistent right the president
has never been that interested in this
topic he needs to keep denying it
because I think that undermines his
legitimacy and we have suffered in terms
of our national security as a result we
have not taken elementary measures to
protect ourselves in future elections
nor have we taken in my opinion
elementary Mets measures to protect us
from disinformation in our
elections and I want to underscore that
to get back to your earlier conversation
because I do know the Russians pretty
well and and two things I know well one
is they can record anything that happens
in their country most certainly at the
ritz-carlton but number two they're also
incredibly adept at using disinformation
in all kinds of strange ways and we need
to weigh both of those things as we
think about that first story to secondly
an ambassador to that point that I want
to pin you on this is James Comey as a
former federal official out here over
his skis saying things that might help
their disinformation about a thing
that's not true that has been verified I
thought he was pretty careful I didn't I
haven't heard the whole interview I just
read what you thought legs were careful
that's basically yet well he did not say
that we know that this tape exists it
was alleged man he fanned it and he's
coming from a very sacred place as been
as being involved in the investigation
well again he's reporting on something
that is common knowledge we've been
talking about it for a long time now
whether he should or not that's an
ethical question given his previous job
I take your point there but what we do
not you know I can think of all kinds of
reasons why Russian government officials
including ones that might have spoken to
private investigators might want this
story to be being discussed right now
just as we're doing right now I don't
know the aunt I want to be clear I am
speculating but I can I can I can come
up with that hypothesis and I've seen
that kind of disinformation smear
campaign against other and the US
government officials including myself by
the way of course and that's important
part I'm gonna have more on this next
week James Comey is an honest person
according to the record but he's making
some choices here that bear more
scrutiny ambassador McFaul Christina
Greer Nick Kristof will see you and fall
back stay with me
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
