joining me now is David Wasserman house
editor the cook Political Report all
right it is easy to say mr. Wasserman
that Paul Ryan's exit has to do with
Republicans having no chance at the same
time I spend a lot I've spent a lot of
time with Paul Ryan and I know he hated
the job itself so both things can be
true here that he had no desire to keep
doing this job and the rand he's reading
the writing on the wall I think that's
right I don't believe that
Randy Bryce chased Paul Ryan out of the
house I think Donald Trump chased Paul
Ryan out of the house for the most part
yes although the job sucks but consider
the the chain of events here February
19th a court orders a really friendly
map for Democrats in Pennsylvania
March 13th Republicans lose a district
that Trump won by 20 points and then 18
April 11th Paul Ryan retires how does
this keep getting worse for Republicans
now the reason it's not a perfect mirror
image with 2010 when Democrats lost is
that it was a it's it was apparent early
on given Trump's unpopularity that the
Republican majority was in deep trouble
and we've still got a lot of filing
deadlines left it states well let's look
at omona put him up here we've got from
the big states to New York Michigan
Florida we had a new Florida retirement
on the same day by the way as Paul Ryan
Dennis Ross a district that should be
fine but you never know in in Florida
Washington State has a couple of
vulnerable Republicans potentially up
there Arizona there's a lot of filing
deadlines still left I mean could we see
a dozen more retirements or no I don't
know about a dozen but you could I heard
it made it to me the other day that
there might be a couple more he said
less than 10 though he believed if Chuck
if you were a Republican member why
would you want to run for reelection in
this climate I mean not only is it a
serving Congress not only maybe they
like that I mean I don't I mean there's
some reasons to darn it it's not all
about being in the majority is it yeah
but you're getting mobbed at your town
halls you're having to answer for every
tweet that Trump sends and by the way I
don't think Donald Trump cares whether
Republicans lose their majority I think
he cares first and foremost about
protecting himself and that's a big
problem for Republicans who need to get
the Trump base out to vote
some House members mostly McCarthy
supporters and maybe it's McCarthy
egging him on say hey we want to know
the new team in advance I thought it was
interesting today Paul Ryan decided to
basically endorse McCarthy but be
defiant
I'm not leaving it's that kind of second
of mollify you think the House
Republicans I don't think Republicans
really want a war for leadership during
the election season so what Ryan is
trying to do is exit as exit with as
much certainty as he can leave his party
well look we currently rate 53
Republican held seats in lean toss up or
worse
we only rate six Democratic seats and
lean toss up or worse so that 53 that's
double the number that Democrats need to
pull its net it 47 let's net 47 here
view boost subtract yeah that's
basically twice what they need right so
the seats are in play and every week
we're seeing new polls that throw these
races into more competitive categories
you've seen you know it's interesting
is there any what is the path for the
Republicans to hold their majority you
know we're there's all this doom and
gloom and we've got a new poll coming
out next week and and one of our
Republican polls saying you know it's
like we're asking ourselves that
question so help me out here
what does that look like what how does
things change that suddenly Republicans
could hold the house well I don't know
that that it's in their control except
for making Democrats in these races
unacceptable alternatives by going
negative early which is sort earth what
you're saying is basically that has
lines exit hurts their ability to do
that because the CLF the congressional
leadership fund Ryan's pack they're the
ones who are counting on that money
coming in to define those Democrats
early but look Republicans have to get
the generic congressional ballot I
believe to about a six-point spread
that's kind of the threshold where they
can plausibly hold on to the house and
that's tethered to Trump's approval
rating and the reason I think the gap
may have narrowed in the first three
months of the year and wide Trump's
approval rating ticked up to like 40 or
41 yeah is that we've been talking about
Comey we've been talking about Michael
Cohen Putin Russia we've been talking
about tariffs that's that's actually not
what swing voters in these days you want
to hear health care they want to hear
about health care they see the tax bill
as a giveaway for the rich
quickly on the money front Paul Ryan's
retirement could mean I've heard some
that a bunch of big donors and the that
basically Mitch McConnell is now gonna
court a bunch of big donors say hey guys
the house is over we need your money
over here in Senate races is is that
could be the ultimate fallout here of
the Ryan exit that could well happen and
I think one thing that's really
overlooked in 2018 is just how
historically little overlap we have
between House and Senate right
battlefields right
we could have an election in which
Democrats pick up 40 House seats and
lose 4 Senate seats and it would be
entirely consistent and you could
explain it it would be plausible it's
like yes the environment could actually
make both happen and will they get that
wide in the Senate but you're right
right there could definitely be
something like that
it's amazing David Wasserman only gets
more interesting thanks so much thanks
for being here hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
