tonight Lewis Scooter Libby former top
aide to Vice President Cheney guilty in
the CIA leak trial an administration
official now today is confirming to NBC
News President Trump is actually
planning to pardon now Scooter Libby the
former chief of staff to Dick Cheney and
here's the lens through which to look at
this as a case with a bunch of parallels
to the Special Counsel investigation
happening now you've got claims of a
partisan witch hunt a James Comey
connection the talk of a pardon comes
more than a decade after Libby was found
guilty on four felony counts including
lying to the FBI about how he learned
about the identity of former CIA
operative Valerie Plame the trial
revealed top members of the Bush
administration had blown her cover as
part of an effort to try to discredit
her husband Joe Wilson the former
ambassador who accused the
administration of doctoring intelligence
on Iraq before the war here's another
look back from our archives from the
night of the verdict in our own Kelly
O'Donnell reporting Libby was not
charged with a crime of actually leaking
the classified identity of CIA operative
Valerie Wilson and no one else has ever
been either her name was first exposed
nearly four years ago after her husband
former ambassador Joe Wilson accused the
White House of twisting pre-war
intelligence I think we will sleep
better tonight knowing that the jury has
done its job and knowing that mr. Libby
is a convicted felon so President Bush
later commuted Libby's prison sentence
meaning a pardon now would be mostly
more symbolic right but it might send a
message that if you lie and if you
obstruct justice President Trump will
let you off the hook this morning our
team asked just that to Kelley uncon way
there I can't confirm that
but you know many people think that it's
good Olivia was a victim of a special
counsel on a month know the special
counsel appointed by James Comey as bad
James coming
victim of a Special Counsel gone amuck
sound familiar and then there's this
connection you just heard you know who
appointed that special counsel in the
CIA leak case the Deputy Attorney
General at the time James Comey so we're
joined now by former CIA operative
Valerie Plame and back with me NBC's
Vivian Salama and the Washington
Examiner Sara Westwood
let me start Valerie with you and thank
you for joining us here let me ask you
this what message do you believe Donald
Trump is trying to send by pardoning
Scooter Libby good morning yeah this is
definitely not about me it's absolutely
not about Scooter Libby it's about
Donald Trump and his future it's very
clear that this is a message he is
sending that you can commit crimes
against national security and you will
be pardoned so I think he's got an
audience of three right now that would
be manna fort Flynn and Kushner and
perhaps others you you seem and I
watched some of what you had to say
earlier this morning regarding the
potential of this pardon you seem angry
about it Valerie it doesn't matter what
I feel about it here's what I look at
this from the perspective of my former
career which is a covert CIA ops officer
and I'm looking very carefully at Donald
Trump how he's responding to the
investigation into possible collusion
and Russian interference in our election
and I have to look at it from that
perspective and go what is he hiding and
what is he doing to forestall any really
damaging developments to his presidency
look this was an issue that has long
been settled George W Bush declined to
pardon
Scooter Libby because he he just felt
that the jury had reached a fair verdict
and he pushed back hard against his Vice
President Dick Cheney who really pushed
for this at for part of his own partisan
agenda from your perspective why now
what do you make of the timing of this
the news now that the president is
considering possibly soon imminently
issuing this pardon
mm-hmm well as you noted already the
connection with Comey he was the one who
in fact appointed the special prosecutor
in the leaked case that was Patrick
Fitzgerald the president well Donald
Trump tweeted out this morning that
Comey is a liar and a leaker and it's
really rich considering that a pardon is
in the offing for scooter libby who was
also convicted of being called a liar
and a leaker what message if the
President does go through at this pardon
what message do you think that would
send to the rank and file in the
intelligence community I think already
the morale within the intelligence
community is is very poor look the
president just prior to taking taking
office
he was he denigrated the CIA he's
continued to do so it is there's a lot
of daylight between Donald Trump and the
intelligence community the message being
sent is you can commit perjury and I
will pardon you if it protects me and I
I deem that you are loyal to me I think
the message is very damaging to our
democracy and the rule of law
look the Donald Trump is once again
demonstrating deep disrespect for those
who actually have served their country
when he was eligible to do so during the
Vietnam War he conveniently came up with
some deferments bone heel bone spurs I
think bone spurs yeah so bottom line
then what would you what would your
message be to Donald Trump if in fact
he's listening if in fact you were able
to get him a message it would obviously
be what don't Arden Scooter Libby I'm
not sure that this is a network that he
watches continually but I would simply
say that this is a very bad idea it
sends a message that the
those who commit crimes against national
security can be pardoned and I don't
think anyone in the executive position
wants to do that Valerie Plame I
appreciate you coming on the show and
talking through this with us thank you I
want to go over to Sarah and Ben now
Sarah you were both of you guys actually
sort of nodding in reacting during
Valerie's interview I think you know
regardless of what you think about the
ethics of this move whether you think
it's you know unethical it could be a
politically clever move for the White
House from their purse exactly in that
because I think instead of you know
talking about how potentially
unprecedented Trump's efforts to evade
the Special Counsel are we'll be talking
about the parallels to the Plame affair
will be relitigated whether it was fair
for scooter libby to be like the fall
guy as conservatives described him at
the time and a lot of conservatives came
to the defense of the bush
administration during the plane affair
in a way that they haven't for Trump in
the Russia affair and I think that could
be a conversation he would like us to be
having what do you make of the struck
Vivian by the people that are sort of in
the orbit then that are back in the
orbit now the Jodha Jennifer's for
example am i understanding that he has
been sort of influential on the
president's ear on this John bolt and
Alan Dershowitz these are all names from
then that are coming back now as part of
this it's probably not coincidental and
what's hot what we're seeing kind of
Sarah's point is that they're really
trying to set a precedent here where
it's not just about this president and
this incident now they're trying to say
that in general any pattern of what they
believe is a witch-hunt against people
in the government or anything like that
by the special counsels office is going
to be pushed back on hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click Subscribe just below
me
or click over on this list to see lots
of other great videos
