and then just tweeted a short time ago
your here's what it says James Comey is
a proven liquor and liar virtually
everyone in Washington thought he should
be fired for the terrible job he did
until he was in fact fired he leaked
classified information for which he
should be prosecuted
he lied to Congress under oath he is a
weak and untruthful slimeball away from
this time has proven a terrible director
of the FBI his handling of the crooked
Hillary which actually helped you get
elected president when he put the letter
out ten days before the election yeah
his handling of the crooked Hillary
Clinton case and the events surrounding
it will go down as one of the worst
botch jobs of history it was my great
honor to fire James Comey yeah that's
great honor and that great honor got you
well a guy that now 70% of Americans say
should be investigating collusion into
Russia that's it's almost as if he saw
the daily news this morning
so this is the Daily News it's a New
York newspaper Donald Trump reads it
every morning mica or Donny what does it
say he was obsessed with because I can't
see because you always got to be for the
delicate matters he was obsessed you
know there in the dossier there was in
the supposedly there's a suggestion that
Donald Trump was doing some very twisted
things with prostitutes and Russians I
did their alleged and he why is he
obsessed with something if they've not
been why I don't we know how much he
cares about Lonnie he thought there's a
1% chance Melania could believe it yeah
so he wanted Konya actually do an
investigation to prove there was no tape
very obsessed about something that
supposedly doesn't exist well that's
strange and you know he said oh I would
never be with can you imagine me with
hookers the president oh I couldn't said
since President Trump brings up lying
it's only appropriate to mention that
Robert Muller's investigation has
resulted in multiple convictions for
life
there's former trump foreign policy
advisor george papadapolis guilty of
lying to investigators looking
fabulous in Greece there's a former top
campaign aide Rick Gates who pleaded
guilty to lying to the FBI looking
fabulous in a beard yeah and this lawyer
who wants to look like you Alex been
this guy's a cool looking dude I like
that guy charity of lying to the FBI
Envy pleaded guilty like this and
they're admitting to it
joe scarborough's it and of course
National Security Adviser ugly who lied
that guy's good-looking and who Comey
says Trump asked the FBI to what let the
matter go it's important remember this
Comey thinks that trump puts out the
tweet today this is a concerted effort
Sarah Sanders put out a tweet in a video
that's prepared the same Comey has no
credibility
the RNC has established a website called
lion Comey calm this is an all-out
response to this book that we've been
talking about all morning I'm sure the
president will direct viewers to Fox
News today as he directs people on Fox
News in what they should say about but I
think the biggest news today Donnie if
you're looking at branding if you're
looking at at who Americans trust the
most
who Americans trust the most I mean it's
fascinating last week Fox News showed a
poll that that showed that Americans
trust CNN a lot more than they trust
Donald Trump MSNBC a lot more than they
trust Donald Trump Fox News a little bit
more than they trust Donald Trump
so last week the media wins huge in this
poll against Donald Trump in matters of
trust so all of the you know comparing
them he's saying they're enemies sakes
said this week the other target of his
acrimony robert muller a new poll just
hits seven and ten americans they want
robert muller to continue with a
collusion part of the Russian probe
sixty four percent of Americans want
robert muller to investigate Donald
Trump's shady business dealings fifty
six fifty eight percent of Americans
want Robert Muller's investigation two
to look into payoffs possible payoffs to
these women that could have
most likely violated federal election
laws
you know David although he was a famous
ad guy he had a saying that the customer
is your next-door neighbor the customer
is your wife they're not it's not a
faceless person people at the other day
are not stupid they can be sold and sold
for so long what's interesting is that
now the majority of Republicans want
this investigation to go forward and I
don't think what's happening is people
start to realize the very people that
Donald Trump was gonna help they're kind
of seeing he's neutered and he's not
he's boy what's he doing for me I'm more
that that tax thing I don't know I got
that little check at the beginning so I
think the kind of the up the internal
apology that many people did for Trump
yeah but I know he's a slimeball to use
his term but the backside of that but is
not bringing that much at this point so
the combination of that the combination
of this constant pounding I think it is
finally dawning on maybe even into that
30% that the emperor has no clothes and
that the more he barks at this point I
think that the the more silence it
brings on and I just were seeing them
there's a moment now that in the next
two or three weeks I do think we're
gonna start to see history being made I
do think he's gonna make his moves that
as I said very very vehemently as far as
whatever the definition of a Saturday
night Massacre is and I think the party
is really gonna get started at that
point so some thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
