Monday mornings raid on president
Trump's personal attorney has White
House allies on edge and and and upended
the delicate negotiations with the
Muller probe last night The Washington
Post reported that Trump's allies
worried that federal investigators may
have seized recordings made by Michael
Cohen recordings quote Cohen who served
for a decade as a lawyer at the Trump
Organization and is a close confidant
was known to store the conversations
using digital files and then replay them
for colleagues Cohen's attorney declined
to comment that takes us NBC News
exclusive new reporting on the Muller
investigation cooperation between the
White House and the special counsel is
believed to be damaged beyond repair by
Monday's raid of president Trump's
attorney NBC News reports that months of
talks collapsed this week and Robert
Muller's team is now moving forward
without a presidential interview
according to multiple sources familiar
with the matter
Carolee you were the lead reporter on
the team that broke the story for NBC
take us through what we know and
especially on the obstruction of justice
report that Bob Muller is reportedly
building sure there's a number of ways
in which this raid on Michael Cohen's
kind of is ricocheting through both
obviously the significant elements of
the investigation and what they may find
but also just in the reaction that the
president's legal team is having to this
and the president himself and what we
learned is that he's soured on the idea
of an interview at least for now he's
feeling much more defiant and combative
towards the Muller investigation and
that essentially the raid on Cohen
upended these tot negotiations that they
had were having with Muller's office
about a possible interview so it really
may have sealed the fate of whether or
not that interview happens and we
learned that they were much further
along than we had previously thought in
terms of coming to some sort of possible
agreement about an interview they were
discussing final sticking points just as
this read was unfolding
and this you know so and then there's so
there's that piece and then you know we
also learned that when it comes to the
obstruction parched portion of them all
our investigation that the team Muller's
team is essentially finished with that
piece of the investigation they don't
need Trump's interview do they that is
that's what people we spoke with said
that you know he's done all the
interviews that he talked to everybody
else looked at all of the evidence and
the president in very what the president
was kind of this last step in Institute
finalizing that portion of the
investigation because the one thing that
they don't necessarily get from
interviewing other witnesses and looking
at documents is an explanation from the
president about his intent and
obstruction is obviously all about
intent so Carol we have that we can
leave this graphic up right here for our
people in the car the areas of the
Muller report on obstruction the firing
of former FBI director James Comey we
just talked about the president's
response to the report in the 2016 Trump
Tower meeting remember drafting on Air
Force One that memo that said the
meeting was about adoption of course it
turned out to be about getting dirt on
Hillary Clinton then Trump's dangling of
pardons before witnesses who perhaps
we're going to testify against him and
then finally the pressuring of Attorney
General Jeff Sessions not to recuse
himself from the Russian investigation
which he of course did much to the
frustration we've heard even again this
week of President Trump so what does all
this mean that if their mother's not
waiting for a presidential interview
what does it mean about the pacing of
this and when might we hear the results
of his investigation well we don't know
exactly but what we've been told is that
if the PFE decides to not subpoena the
president and you know just goes without
an interview on this portion of the
investigation that would really speed up
the process for submitting some sort of
report on this of what his findings are
so we were under talking to people who
said that the expectation was that that
would happen within the next few months
the president's legal team was was
asking Muller as a condition for an
interview to set a time frame for that
within three to four months after that
he entered sat down with the president
without an interview that he doesn't hit
and while there's not a
located to do anything like that and he
can move on his own timeframe so it
could actually really speed up the
process for finalizing a report on this
obstruction piece well you know it could
speed up the process but also Donny
Trump could actually help himself by
sitting down with Muller I know that his
lawyers are afraid for him to do that
but at this point all he could provide
since it's about his state of mind I
don't really work in about just hold on
a second I'm serious
Muller right now looks at the facts and
they are there this is state of mind
depends obstruction depends so much on
the state of mind that I'm dead serious
there is I know they're down sights for
him sitting down with Muller as lawyers
think he's too stupid to do that but
they're also up sites where exactly what
were you saying when you did this with
the Russians oh I was just talking about
you can put you can attach a mitigating
factor to every single incident and
instead of allowing prosecutors without
his testimony to put the worst possible
interpretation on every event you put
the best the reality is never gonna
happen cuz she's gonna fire all them and
I you can go to the bank on that I love
when people can he can't he's not if you
know Donald Trump you know anything
about him he is not gonna let this
continue as it's continuing he knows
there are certain things that cannot
come out I will I will take any betters
please call it to 1-800 Morning Joe no
that was a bad line is Marie and there
will be a Saturday or a Sunday or a
Tuesday night massacre so it's not going
to come to this I you can go to the back
on this and why different they do Nate I
don't care that constitute he'll be very
happy to start that Constitution
Jonathan I'm not so sure of that because
the one thing that Donald Trump does
seem to recognize over the first year
and a half is that the most the worst
thing he has done the most damaging
thing he has done the single action that
has caused him all the hell of the past
year was the firing of James Comey yes
and he has told people around and that
he wishes that had content
friendly which is obviously a bit of an
understatement but we also know despite
that that he has had conversations in
the last couple weeks tolling with that
idea about firing rod Rosenstein about
trying to end the Mulder probe that he
feels like it has crossed lines the
rittany of the red line of don't venture
into my business he feels like in this
last week with the raid in the Michael
Cohen's office that it's also you know
richer into his personal life that's
suddenly like if the Access Hollywood
tape isn't right these are things that
like their to him it sort of more than
peers later right now here's the thing
if he fires smaller oh it's worth the
investigation not only continues it gets
worse you have hearings in the Senate
because you have the head of this
Republican Judiciary Committee the
Senate Judiciary Committee saying that
it would be suicidal like so it's it
becomes a meltdown politically but the
Southern District of New York right at
least it's the one investigating the
access Holly right tape the other
payoffs they have all of Cohen's
recordings that's not much that goes on
whether Bob Muller decides to spend the
next ten years in the South of France
tonight
Snyderman he continues with his
investigations and whether whether
Muller's in the South of France for the
next ten years or not there is nothing
Donald Trump can do now to stop this
anybody watching billions this year
guess yes so the Attorney General would
say which the president the horse is out
of the barn he's a great character and
you're not you're not gonna get the
horse back in the bun you can shoot a
lot of ponies but the horse is out right
the Porsche is that's what he'd say
right the portion of it that's in the
southern district is gonna continue
there's good that's gonna happen by the
way Eric Schneiderman he's going well he
and also the in Donald Trump have a
pretty complicated history I mean there
David Longley Kate it's a nice things
adversaries you know and I think that
the shot arrow would happily take the
ball and run with it's gonna be I'm
doing this on behalf of the country I
don't care what happens I don't care
what somebody's got to take a stand
you're not listening it doesn't matter
Mulla is to put roots down from bits of
this investigation in other
jurisdictions and thereby protecting the
investigation for the American people
he's known all along that Donald Trump
wanted to fire him and that the prospect
might come even though this would be
politically catastrophic potentially for
the White House where he would go ahead
and pull the trigger and that's why he's
done with by the way they really got us
all but really the guys that have done
deals right now I think the last person
that wants this to happen is Michael
Flynn because if okay because if Muller
goes away and the investment goes that
was it won't but if it did it have the
Attorney General Pennsylvania bringing
up on kidnapping charges like the
Kushner's would neither man will be on
the Kushner's no matter what and and
once they get rid of Muller and you have
all of these state AG's coming in
pouncing in and Muller sharing the
information with them and you've got the
Southern District of New York doing it
then suddenly other US attorneys decide
they want to do it suddenly it becomes
such an epic nightmare for Donald Trump
here's the problem that's a rational
well-thought-out analysis of what comes
back you've considered the consequences
and why you think it's a bad idea when
Donald Trump's cornered he just punches
the guy in front of him to get him out
of the way just consider his actions
over the last couple of days he knew
exactly what was gonna go on and hand it
got two nights ago with the bulletin
boards and the whole thing he knew who
was going to go on Rachael thinks it's a
great show cuz she beats him all the
time oh he knew he knew who was going on
that show and in fact according to some
reporting yesterday may have spoken and
instructed some of the people who went
on that show and the argument the entire
thesis of that show was that rod
Rosenstein has to go then down from
Senator tweet make sure everybody
watches Hannity tonight he's clearly if
not feeding that narrative at least
supportive ways and and Jonathan this
what he does all the time it's trial
balloons he sees what sticks he's what
doesn't stick this is not sticking
because again talk about the reaction
from the Republicans on the hill
especially as senators when when people
started talking about this this would be
the moment where you'd think that some
Republicans who have been refusing to
stand
to this president no matter what he has
done this would be the line that would
be too far and people have said to him
when the Rosenstein Muller talked a few
days ago popped up suddenly there was an
effort to have a bipartisan support for
legislation on the hill that would
protect Muller something to this point
has not gone forward Mitch McConnell has
not said he'd bring it to the floor just
yet but there seems to be more of an
effort to keep protect this to sanctify
this investigation and I think they're
apt no one around the president thinks
that firing him is a good idea yeah
except for maybe Steve Bannon you know
sort of gives advice from via the
Washington by the way I had people
saying that that was that was a one
source story with Steve Bannon Steve
Madden says talking to White House a
former White House insider who would be
Steve Bannon that's that plot of getting
that war room back together also has the
way of putting not just defending the
president but some like what Steve doing
something again that would destroy his
presidency according to the head of the
the Judiciary Committee Republican mica
but Donald Trump though was obsessed on
something right now oh no what why have
you seen the news have you seen the
front pages of the paper all the paper
that he reads he's obsessed with this
James Comey book and James kid lift that
up please mica Jane yeah right here
James Comey says that when he was FBI
director was for a second and let that
art soak in for that Donald Trump was
absolutely obsessed with what the Daily
News is calling quote the we-we've is
and was going around repeatedly saying
can you imagine me with hookers well of
course now you kind of yeah you know
anyway but anyway so this is the Comey
bug the ebook is coming up next
we're gonna be talking about you'll also
see in the Daily News I just there was
nothing I said something they had
another Kizer like you know Dom DeLuise
memorial on
see similar dom deluise ohori 11 in
queens that guy thought it can hope
about that but if you look at this
mm-hmm there are no teases on this cover
mica the entire thing what's the back
page it's about Red Sox it doesn't
matter so what's coming up next that was
it
so we'll be right back with much more
morning gel thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
