welcome back everybody joining us from
Washington with a look at Axios a.m.
national political reporter for Axios
Jonathan Swan Jonathan good morning to
you talk to us about access is one big
thing today well my colleague Mike Allen
reports about how James Comey felt in
real-time yesterday as the excerpts of
his book we're leaking out and the
Republican National Committee launches
the website branding him Lyon Comey Mike
reports that Comey feels quote a sense
of mission ahead of his coast-to-coast
media tour which kicks off Sunday night
with George Stephanopoulos I think that
phrase a sense of mission should chill
some people in Trump's orbit I have a
feeling this book is gonna dominate
conversation and headlines for a few
days to come look you think probably at
the same level if not a little bit more
because he's a former Trump official
let's it let's hone in on some of those
excerpts if you can for a moment there
John his book obviously describes how he
felt President Trump was sitting on a
throne break down what he meant for us
by that there was that infamous moment
with her in the Oval Office had to go
shake the president's hand he described
that one of the most interesting things
about James commis book from from our
point of view is very unusually for a
public official they're usually very dry
books he has this eye for cinematic
detail and he writes about near the wood
furnishings the White moons under
Trump's are and there's this fascinating
scene where he describes the difference
between how Trump occupies the space in
the Oval Office versus previous
presidents because remember Comey worked
for worked under george w bush and obama
he says Obama and Bush really took an
effort to make people feel comfortable
and casual in the Oval Office they often
sat in the armchair he says Trump by
contrast jacket on very rigid behind the
resolute desk and and Comey interprets
that as a power play to make the person
supplicate versus the more relaxed
setting from the other so again it's
just this quite interesting style of
writing which is very unusual for
like officials and I know you guys have
some reporting on some new details kind
of about that that loyalty dinner that
we all know about that President Trump
was asking Jim Comey for his loyalty at
the time what details do you have on
that Jonathan that you can provide well
again this was just James Comey takes us
really in very microscopic detail inside
that dinner which he interpreted almost
as Trump as a mafia boss saying this is
your chance to be a made man I mean it's
this very interesting way of
interpreting that scene and he says that
I didn't realize in a very memorable
line that that my job security was going
to be on the menu at that dinner he
interpret it the way he saw that meeting
was that Trump had already given him
away the job quote unquote for free and
that someone must have gotten to him and
said you need to extract some sort of a
loyalty promise in exchange for the job
security Jonathan let's switch gears for
a moment cuz I want to ask you about a
policy shift that has got a lot of
people scratching their heads it looks
like the president at least according to
Ben Sasse yesterday has brought the
issue of getting back into the TPP on
the table he said that in a meeting with
several lawmakers including governor's
what's behind the potential pivot for
the president why is he now doing this
and what does it mean yeah a senior
White House official told me late
yesterday that Ben Sasse senator Ben
Sasse may be falling victim to some
wishful thinking president Trump did in
fact it's true Ben Sasse is correct he
did deputize Bob light hyzer and Larry
Kudlow to have a look at reentering
the trans-pacific partnership but Trump
has already poured cosmic cold water on
his own comments that's not on Twitter
by saying that he'll only go back if he
gets a substantially better deal than
Obama did and nobody thinks that that's
particularly likely given how far
advanced those negotiations are so and
until we get more substance I'm inclined
to believe based on my reporting that
this is just a thought bubble more than
something that's actually going to come
to fruition all right Jonathan Swan we
will take your word on that thought
bubble for now thank you very much for
joining us this morning live from
Washington DC all right we'll be reading
actually Sam in just a little while of
course to all of our viewers out there
you two can sign up for the newsletter
at Axios calm hey there are Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me
or click over on this list to see lots
of other great videos
