and Jeremy these these Cohen recordings
we are told that he had the habit over
the years of making we've called them
tapes just as a as a term of art they
actually are apparently digital
recordings that he kept on computers of
phone calls perhaps in-person
conversations we just don't know
is there anything ill-gotten about them
if you're the feds and you come back
from in effect vacuuming Cohen's office
and you look and listen to these and you
can hear knowable voices of known
figures on the other end is there any
problem with that does that just
automatically become part of the case
it's evidence like anything else like
any documentary evidence and he emails
any text messages any records there may
be some violations of the law per se and
actually making the recordings it
depends on the specific jurisdictions
and there are certain laws governing you
know one unique consent of the person
you're recording but by and large I
think this is just gonna be part of the
body of evidence that the feds look at
when they're investigating the full
gamut of Michael Cohen's of business
activities
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
