on any given day of chaos in this
administration on any given day of this
has never happened before and we never
planned for what happens after this
point because we always thought if we
hit this point it would be the end on
any given day of unprecedented insult
and chaos and bewildering error and
offense and confusion which is now a
typical weekday in our political lives
as Americans during this administration
it used to be that we had to decide if
this was one of these days in the Trump
administration that's insane because of
personal failure or is this one of the
days that's insane in the Trump
administration because of scandal I used
to think I mean it was part of the way
that I approach approached my job on a
daily basis I used to think we had to
decide on any given disastrous day if
today's disaster was due to you know
ethics troubles and personnel problems
stemming from who they tried to put in
or who they tried to kick out of this
administration or on the other hand was
today a disaster because of the one big
existential scandal that looms over all
others might because because of the
Russia scandal and the investigation of
that scandal and the freak out about
that investigation which kind of
disastrous day is today that sort of
been the way I start my day most days at
work I think we have now reached a point
where it's fair to say that the answer
to that question I've been asking myself
at the start of every news day the
answer to is it a personal disaster day
or a scandal disaster day I think the
answer is now yes every day it's all of
those things all at once now failure
scandal chaos it's all coming together
people I don't think that's good but I
do think that we are in sort of a new
phase when there's no point in
distinguishing between those two
different types of things going
seriously wrong in our government we
have a bunch of things to get to tonight
it looks like the president may not be
able to confirm his nominee to be
Secretary of State
which means he may have kicked Mike
Pompeo out as director of the CIA with
no new job for him because the Senate
looks like they may not be confirming
him as Secretary of State after his
confirmation hearings today also as you
know the Republican Speaker of the House
unexpectedly quit yesterday that has now
led today to Republicans saying their
party may not even try to hold on to the
house this fall they may just try to
focus on trying to keep the Senate they
may give up on the other house of
Congress the president's nominee for
Veterans Affairs remember him he looks
like he may also not be able to be
confirmed with multiple Republican
senators coming out now and saying they
do not believe he has relevant
experience for the job you only need a
couple of Republicans to say no and he
will not get the job more than a couple
of Republicans are now saying he is not
qualified for the job also the head of
the EPA today facing yet another King
tide of scandal with one of trumps own
political appointees in Scott Pruett
agency blowing about 40 more whistles on
Scott Pruett on ethics and on spending
and on Pruitt lying in his public
remarks so Pruett has been hanging by a
thread for a long time that thread got
even more gossamer today the new
national security adviser had his fourth
day on the job today so far in his four
days on the job he has wiped out the
upper echelons of the National Security
Council and he has not replaced them and
that dynamic now stretching into a
fourth day comes as White House staffers
spent a second day today frankly
freaking reporters out by telling
reporters that nobody had any idea in
the White House that the president was
going to start publicly announcing
missile strikes yesterday that when the
president made that announcement
yesterday online no such strikes were
ready
no no such strikes had been ordered or
even agreed upon when the president
nevertheless made this public statement
where he said the missiles are coming
serving current White House staffers
literally using the word alarming to
describe the president's erratic
behavior in statements specifically
about the use of military force
in other words it's a normal Thursday
and what is happening on top of all that
news what you can think of as the spoon
that is stirring today's particular pot
of crazy is is really two big pieces of
news and the first one is from NBC News
NBC has four reporters on this byline
all women incidentally just so you know
Carol Lee Julie Ainsley Kristin Walker
and Hallie Jackson and you can see their
headline there which is the first part
of this I think very important NBC scoop
tonight the headline there is about the
fact that the president is no longer
expected to sit for an interview with
the prosecutors who are working for
Special Counsel Robert Muller
now that's there the first part of their
scoop that gets the headline what that
news leads to though I think is probably
an even bigger deal because Robert
Muller's team is apparently no longer
expecting an interview with the
president that is speeding up what they
are doing
quote molars team had been aiming to
finalize a report in the coming months
on its findings on whether the president
has tried to obstruct justice in the
Russia investigation their initial
timeline had been as early as May or as
late as July for that obstruction report
that timeline hinged in part on reaching
a decision on a presidential interview
now according to two sources Moeller's
team may be able to close the
obstruction probe more quickly since
they will not need to prepare for the
interview or follow up on what the
president says now when they say they
may be able to close the obstruction
part of their inquiry that is not good
news for the president or for the White
House back to the peace quote three
sources familiar with the investigation
said the findings Muller has collected
on Trump's attempt to obstruct justice
include his intent to fire former FBI
director James Comey
his role in the crafting of a misleading
public statement on the nature of a June
2016 Trump Tower meeting between his son
and Russians Trump's dangling of pardons
before grand jury witnesses who might
testify against him and Trump pressuring
Attorney General Jeff Sessions not to
recuse himself from the Russia
investigation those are the four areas
of findings that Muller is said to have
collected
quote molar would then likely send a
confidential report to Deputy Attorney
General rod Rosen Stein who's overseeing
the Russia investigation Rosenstein
could then decide whether to make the
report public and send its findings to
Congress from there Congress would then
decide whether to begin impeachment
proceedings against the president okay
so we previously had had reports that
Muller was planning on making some kind
of report about his findings on the
President and on criminal obstruction of
justice
well now what NBC News is reporting
tonight is that molar has arrived at at
least four findings on the president and
obstruction the president's intent to
fire former FBI director James Comey the
president's role in crafting a
misleading public statement on the
nature of the Trump Tower meeting during
the campaign the president dangling
pardons before grand jury witnesses who
might testify against him and the
president pressuring Attorney General
Jeff Sessions over his refusal from the
Russia investigation those are four
findings related to the president and
obstruction of justice that Muller and
his team have reportedly arrived at that
is not good for the president and NBC
News is further reporting tonight that
we should expect this report from Muller
soon again you saw the headline the
overall gist of their reporting tonight
is that the FBI raid on the offices of
Trump's longtime lawyer the Trump
Organization executive Michael Cohen a
few days ago that raid has so upset the
president that it's now eliminated or at
least greatly reduced the likelihood
that the president will sit for an
interview with Muller that intern moves
up the timeframe for Muller releasing
these findings on the president and
obstruction of justice again the old
timeline when they still thought they'd
do a presidential interview had been
that this report couldn't be as early as
May as early as next month possibly as
late as July but now if the interviews
off the table they'll be able to release
this more quickly so that is very
significant news broken tonight by NBC
News Carol Lee the lead reporter on that
story now obviously if this reporting is
correct the next questions that come up
immediately are when is this report
coming are these the four findings
will there be more also does learning
that this is his level of risk changed
the president's decision about whether
or not he is going to talk to Muller and
lastly is it in fact a settled matter
that if these obstruction findings are
this serious against the president is it
a settled matter that Muller definitely
wouldn't try to bring them forward as an
indictment I mean we've been having this
discussion over the course of the past
year since it started to become clear
what the president might be up against
with this investigation there is
legitimate legal ambiguity as to whether
a sitting president can be indicted if
the special counsel has arrived at
conclusions that implicate the president
in obstruction of justice on at least
these four grounds
how will it be decided who will decide
whether these findings from Muller will
be brought forward in the form of
criminal charges versus in the form of a
report that goes to Congress for
potential impeachment proceedings would
Moeller and his team make their own
determination on that have they already
made their own determination on that if
NBC News is right in this new report
this evening and Robert Muller is
planning on reporting these findings to
rod Rosen Stein at the Justice
Department would it then be Rosen
Stein's decision whether or not to
actually put forward these findings on
the president and obstruction of justice
in the form of a criminal indictment
like I said normal Thursday hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
