Democrat Randy Bryce is running for
speaker Paul Ryan's seat right of course
announces a retirement yesterday so
things are changing for Randy Randy
thanks for being here
Randy for a moment when the Access
Hollywood tapes came out for a moment
Paul Ryan did what a lot of people think
was the right thing he got on a phone
call with all the Republicans who are
running for congressional seats and say
do what your conscience governs you
should do you are not compelled to
defend the person who is at the helm of
the party at that time the the person
running for the presidency and there
were a number of people in the country
who at that moment thought Paul Ryan had
the backbone to stand up against a man
who would come to be a bully that is
Donald Trump that changed absolutely and
I also gave him credit because they were
supposed to be an event in Racine
Wisconsin close to where I live shortly
after that incident took place and and
Paul Ryan refused to meet that meeting
did not take place right so I I gave
some kind of credit and and I thought
well that's great it's good to see him
stand up but however since that time
Paul Ryan has been nothing but speaker
of the White House he hasn't been
speaking on behalf of the House of
Representatives it's been very
disappointing why do you think that
happen because Paul Ryan's had a more
than 20 year career in the house he has
been chosen reluctantly to be the
Speaker of the House because people felt
this is a man of principle a lot of
Americans don't agree with his
particular principles as an economics
guy I take some issue with some of them
but the fact is he was thought to be
that guy why give it up in the face of
Donald Trump well I think the only time
that you saw him speak out vocally about
Donald Trump was when his daughters were
under attack and other than that it
seemed to be he was going along in order
to get his agenda passed and his agenda
has always been to give tax breaks to
the wealthiest people in the country at
the expense of working-class people like
myself and the majority of people in the
first district so it's been very
disappointing to see that take place
that not only is he as his legislative
agenda to take from us in order to
redistribute upwards but he's not going
to stand up for for the rest of the
country and do the right thing he's not
going to make sure you know and and
insist that kind
as part of the checks and balances that
were this country was set up upon and
just being complicit with allowing the
president to do whatever the president
decides he wants to do hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
