good evening from New York I'm Chris
Hayes another astounding day in the
nation's politics and news breaking news
tonight we have our first look at fired
FBI director james comey 'he's
much-anticipated tell-all book a window
into his interactions with President
Trump and so now as the president sits
in the White House and reportedly plots
with his allies to obstruct the
investigation that keeps getting closer
and closer to himself and his loved ones
and his campaign as he thinks about
potentially firing Deputy Attorney
General rod Rosenstein or special
counsel robert muller tonight as he sits
and watches cable news he's seeing a
barrage of excerpts from commis book
Comey describes the various meetings and
calls he had with the president
including numerous times in which Comey
says Trump confronted him about the most
salacious aspects of course of that
infamous dossier in one section
excerpted by The Washington Post for
about the fourth time he argued that the
golden showers thing wasn't true asking
yet again can you imagine me hookers
Comey rights of their March 30 2017 call
in an apparent play for my sympathy he
added he has a beautiful wife the whole
thing has been very painful for her
he asked what we could do to lift the
cloud in another section call me writes
about the president and his orbit write
writing that interacting with Trump gave
him and this is a remarkable quote
listen to this flashbacks to my earlier
career as a prosecutor against the mob
the silent circle of ascent the boss in
complete control the loyalty oaths the
us-versus-them world view lying about
all things large and small and server to
some code of loyalty that put the
organization above morality and above
the truth Johnny now some of the few
reporters have already read some are all
of James commis book Philip Rucker
Whitehouse bureau chief of the
Washington Post NASA and Supes saying
White House reporter for The Daily Beast
Philip I read your piece today with
excerpts of it what's your sort of
top-line takeaway from this book
well the big picture takeaway here is
that this is a really skating indictment
of Donald Trump's character and his
presidency and conduct in office you
read that mob comparison quote there
Comey goes on to write that this
presidency is a forest
that has to be contained and describes
Trump as a congenital liar as an
unethical leader and as somebody who
inappropriately blurred the lines
between the politics of the White House
and the independence of the FBI and the
Justice Department in terms of specific
new revelations I think the most
interesting new piece of information in
the book pertains to the dossier the the
infamous steel dossier Comey is the one
who briefed then president-elect Trump
on that dossier in early January of 2017
and Trump had an immediate reaction he
interrupted Comey according to commis
account and said it was not true and
went on to explain why it would not
could not be true and then in subsequent
conversations there were phone calls
there were meetings in person
Trump would bring you to bring it up
again unprompted and at one point asked
Comey to have the FBI investigate the
allegation in order to determine that
it's not true so that the public would
be confident that it's not true swen
you've you've you've got really good
sources in the White House you're
reporting there all the time what how is
this gonna what it what is this gonna be
like inside the White House as we get
the full Comey treatment over the next
two weeks
well the way senior aides in the White
House have been telling me that they're
sort preparing for this at the moment
they don't have an official rapid
response or pushback strategy to a team
Comey or the Comey media blitz that's
coming up or the book itself at the
moment they've basically told me that
their strategy will very much be shaped
in real time as the president reacts to
himself publicly if he reacts basically
however mad the President of the United
States gets at James Comey in the book
that's how the White House
communications and political apparatus
will have to wrap itself around it but
in terms of farming out the the rapid
response the White House is leaving that
up to at least right now for this week
primarily the RNC which is already sort
of going to a soft war which will
probably get harder on James Comey you
know suanne I don't know how much of the
book you've been able to read obviously
we're all sort of working our way
through it but to fill this point one of
the most striking part of that
when you talk about what's gonna get
under the president's skin the there's
the excerpt about the tape
the infamous tape and the president
really being quite focused on it and in
fact the first time it's brought up what
I found really interesting in in commis
account that the part that I read was
that the president not only denies that
he goes on to night various allegations
of sexual assault against him in a kind
of uninterrupted string right so the
woman that says that that Donald Trump
groped Ron on an airplane many decades
ago who was covered by the New York
Times he denies that he denies ever
trying to pay a woman to bring her up to
his hotel room there's a kind of sore
spot there that is striking to me right
there was a lot of grievance that goes
into it and there was a lot of feeding
into the narrative of a Trump as a
master serial narcissist and the fact
that he was I felt aggrieved and very
intensely focused on all these personal
items you're talking about
and as Comey points I book in terms of
future threats from Russian officials or
the alleged election meddling in 2016
the president isn't quite concerned
about that as a threaded or nearly as
much as he's concerned
according to commis account of having
the intelligence community come to his
conclusion that it had no effect
whatsoever on the 2016 presidential yeah
I want to read that excerpt and Phil get
your reaction after clapper briefed the
team this is when they're meeting with
the Trump team beat the team in the
intelligence community's findings of
Russian election interference Comey said
he was taken aback by what the Trump
team didn't ask they were about to lead
a country that have been attacked by for
an adversary yet they had no questions
about what the future Russian threat
might be Comey writes instead they
launched into a strategy session about
how to spin what we just told them for
the public yeah that was really striking
to Comey and and what he goes on to
recall in the book is that there was an
effort to put together a PR strategy to
convince the public that the
intelligence community assessment about
Russian interference had found that it
had no result on the election in fact
James clapper the DNI who was briefing
the president-elect and his team that
day told them twice that the
intelligence community may
such assessment they do not assess
politics they obtained facts and
intelligence yeah it's an impossible
counterfactual determination to make in
any definitive sense anyway no matter
who they were but obviously that's not
going to be an intelligence community
assessment and yet despite explicitly
saying that he's watching them spin that
out yeah while he's in the room they
were spinning this out I mean normally
when you have a political strategy
session to figure out what your spins
going to be you do it outside of the
room of the intelligence briefing but he
did this with the Obama appointed
intelligence officials sitting around
the table all right Philip Rucker osman
soup saying many thanks to both of you
gentlemen
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
