breaking news out in Michael Cohen The
Washington Post is now reporting right
now that Trump's allies worried that
federal investigators may have seized
conversations recorded by Michael Cohen
and his associates the post carolyn egg
broke the story and joins us now Carol
what do you got this is hide well we
just posted it so thanks for asking
Chris my colleagues Ashley Parker and
Tom hamburger and Josh Tosi and I've
been working on a story about the fact
that Michael Cohen the president's
personal attorney and and his personal
attorney especially during the campaign
was known for making recordings tape
recordings digital ones of several
conversations and now there is worry
within the Trump ally a world that those
recordings were seized on Monday when
federal agents basically grabbed up
every piece of electronic device that
Michael Cohen owned in his home in his
office and in a hotel room where he had
been staying so let's imagine the you
have to do much imagination here
imagining Trump is talking to Cohen
Cohen says I've quieted down that
MacDougall's story that's a possibility
I think that might be a little
far-fetched but it's possible we're told
that this was not a everyday event for
Michael Cohen multiple sources though
said that during the campaign they were
aware and actually wary of Michael Cohen
because of his reputation for tape
recording conversations some of them on
the phone and they don't believe that he
was tape recording necessarily the
president though it's possible and he
may have been tape recording especially
conversations with people he considered
adversaries or litigants and you could
imagine a situation where he was tape
recording conversations with people he
was negotiating negative stories let me
go to katie Fang on that is there a
one-party approval for tape recording in
New York State you got to have both
parties that are gonna consent to that I
mean if you don't you're gonna have a
Monica Lewinsky situation aren't you I
mean both parties have to be
understanding that they are subject to
in privy to this type of communication
and really with your study I can't I
can't say exactly if it's a New York
State right off the top of my head
Chris but I can tell you this though
what's important about what you're
hearing right now is Trump was never an
emailer by all accounts
so if Cohen is going to do one of two
things if he's gonna hedge to protect
himself and he's going to record
conversations with somebody like Trump
then that's exactly how it's going to
happen it's going to be by way of
telephone conversations or
person-to-person conversations but if
you don't have the consent that you've
committed another crime and if that's
Michael Cohen's problem he's got a big
one at that
let me get back to Karen what you know
about the scope of these up potential
conversations I assume they have
something to do with Trump well again
I'm not going to pretend that we know
which conversations Michael Cohen
tape-recorded we just know that there is
a good deal of concern there was one
Trump advisor who told us earlier today
you know we're trying to figure out
which conversations did he tape when
were these tapings occurring and are
they now all in the possession of the
FBI well in the case of you talked about
the possible adversarial relations he
might have had well clearly he's
negotiating with people like Karen and
Karen and mcdougald and and stormy
Daniels because those are the people
pressing them for money at one point and
being satisfied with money at one point
and negotiating those questions would
involve you know it would seem to be
making the case of what they know what
they're able to establish them through
their own evidence and avenatti would
obviously be able to would like to know
what these conversations about this
point but anyway you've got this story
you believe the New York the wife's
opposed to reporting the fact that that
among the materials gathered in that
rate if you will on Monday of Michael
Cohen's of office apartment in hotel
room and on his phone and in this
computer are tapes of conversations that
might be relevant to this prosecution
Joe it's definitely the belief of
multiple people that if these recordings
were made by Michael and many palete
people believe he made them that all of
those have been swept up by the FBI
because they were on his electronic
devices in these three places yes now I
got I have to say earlier you all were
talking about the consent I don't know
the rule in New York State but I know
from our sources that Michael Cohen had
often told other campaign folks that
the he was comfortable because he
believed it was a one-party consent
state I see well it's interesting at
Carroll because of all this and
everybody on right now
it's so fast day because What did he say
afterwards John he said I want to thank
the ages for being so
finesse --fill as they raided my
apartment my office my phone my computer
they were so nice about it I'm sorry
someone in deep trouble maybe that's
what you're hoping for a little bit of
the mercy anyway Thank You Caroline
great reporting what a headline Thank
You Katie Frank for your reporting
annexed in your your political knowledge
and Jonathan on because you know so much
and especially human nature hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
