tired Colonel Jack Jacobs is a member of
the Council on Foreign Relations and of
course is a military analyst for us here
at NBC News Colonel Jacobs good to see
you sir good have to do so I guess I
want to break it down this way it seems
as if before we can figure out what the
military strategy should be you have to
decide what is the objective so one
would assume the objective is some form
of deterrence from using chemical
weapons last year didn't work this year
what what could change what is the
deterrence if you assume that that that
the minimal objective for the president
is to deter this action in the future
what do you do well I I think you've hit
it right that the first order question
is what is the objective you always
start at the end and work backwards
otherwise you're throwing assets that's
something without any idea where you're
going I think that the the objective
last time was deterrence but it didn't
work I think the objective this time is
merely punishment there are lots of
things we could do but all of them that
would have some really positive effect
on what happens in the future are gonna
have a very negative effect on a
relationship inside Syria and we're
liable to wind up killing Russians and
libel to wind up killing Iranians and
there'll be collateral damage if we work
on it
really good targets collateral damage
among civilians in Syria as a result I
think what we're going to see is merely
punishment a little bit more the same as
we saw in April maybe more airfields
maybe two days worth the strikes instead
of one maybe more missiles but I don't
think deterrence is in the cards we know
that we can't deter them Assad has
effectively won the war the attack by
chemicals just this week was on probably
the last significant bastion of rebel of
rebel Holdings near Damascus I think
that we're not going to deter them
awhile at all I think it's just gonna be
punishment you speak as if it's
checkmate and Putin in Iran of one eye I
think if you talk to anybody who's
taking a close look at it for a long
long time they'll say exactly that not
the least significant component
is the fact that we don't have the
political will to go in there and fight
not only Syria but also Russia and Iran
we're not gonna do it
Daniel pleco who's on the roundtable
today on the show of a she's written an
op-ed and she's called for that you can
do this if you got rid of it basically
you bombed all of the airfields in Syria
and that you could actually have a
significant deterrence impact do you buy
that yeah you would have a deterrent
impact on that maybe even for a while
but don't forget that the collateral
damage is going to include people we
don't want a bomb and that is Iran and
Russia and we certainly would like to
but we're not going to be able to get
away with it no I think we're gonna
we're likely to focus our attention on
insignificant airfields they'll be
ineffective or ineffectual it's just a
demonstration that we can punish them
we're not going to be able to change
these well then what is our policy on
Syria it's lost if this is the new
reality what you're describing which is
sort of Assad appeasement of some form
or acceptance appeasement a bad word
there may be acceptance that Assad's
gonna be there for a while yeah i think
that i think president trump telegraphed
it just recently when he said i want to
get out and i want to get out right now
I know I think that's the objective here
it's more or less than all we can do
with Isis Audis and the Israelis don't
want us to leave no they don't but
certainly though the Israelis have
struck I think the Saudis are not
willing to step up the plate up to the
plate there I don't forget the salaries
of fighting a proxy war with Iran there
the Saudis are not willing to put the
people on the ground that are necessary
they have a good air force but not
willing to do anything else
no nobody wants us to leave but we do
want to leave and I don't think that we
think we can be much more effective than
we've already been what would it take
for America to be back in the lead role
of this versus basically Turkey Russia
and Iran dictating the dictating this
outcome well I can't think of anything
reasonable in the real world that's
going to motivate us to have the kind of
political will as necessary for us to
commit the kind of forces the number of
forces and for the duration that's
necessary in order to prosecute the war
in Syria we just we
literally do not have the political will
to do it what's the fallout from that
yeah in your opinion oh well I think
that it's gonna be much more difficult
there for the for the for the forces of
right don't forget that both Iran and
Russia are there for different but
complimentary reasons both of them want
to have influence Russia would love to
have much more influence there but what
they really like to have is the warm
water ports that are available to them
in Syria and having Assad on their side
supporting Assad makes them makes it
possible for them to do that don't
forget that their warm water fleet is in
the is in the in the Black Sea they
can't go through the gift to the
Mediterranean without the concurrence of
Turkey and though Turkey in the United
States are currently on the outs
there's no guarantee Turkey's gonna not
keep them bottled up in the Black Sea
Iran well Iran's got a different motive
altogether they're expanding their
influence just to expand their influence
right they want to be the controlling
factors in the region and they're doing
a very good job of getting that way Karl
Jack Jacobs as always sir thanks for
sharing your intelligence with us thanks
trapeze with us as well hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
