joining us now democratic senator
patrick leahy a member of the Judiciary
Committee senator thank you very much
we've been through some Supreme Court
confirmation battles before this you
certainly and I've been a correspondent
covering you and the Judiciary Committee
I have never seen anything like this not
even the Thomas Hill hearings you know
I've been here for 19 Supreme Court
justices ironically beginning with John
Paul Stevens a Republican nominee by a
Republican president seen as a
relatively conservative domini and I was
very struck by what he said about
judicial temperament is a I had voted
for him as I did for most Republicans
but I was struck by what he sipped I
thought is very accurate this is not
just whether you know the law a lot of
people know law very well it's what kind
of temperament you have as a judge and
the American people look at you and say
I trust that Judge to do the right thing
no matter what side I'm on center right
now we understand that Jeff Flake has
signaled to Alex Moe our colleague on
the hill as he was getting in the car
that right now he would be a yes unless
something else happens in the next 24
hours and we know we're gonna hear from
Senator Collins this afternoon Lisa
Murkowski made her big decision a
last-minute decision she says as she was
heading to the floor so this all now
really rests right now on what senator
Collins is going to say at 3 o'clock I
think a lot of rests on how the American
people feel are you going to have
somebody you could have confidence for
the supreme court a judge Kavanagh has
misled the Senate Judiciary Committee at
numerous times long before this there
were the emails that were stolen from
the Democrats years ago in the Judiciary
Committee he said he knew nothing about
it well now it turns out yes he was
involved he was consulting with the
stolen and there's one one occasion
after another and then of course in this
case we had this last-minute FBI
investigation I have a lot of respect
for the FBI but they were told by the
White House what they could look at and
basically told don't look at anything
that's going to incriminate judge
Cavanaugh I wanted to play a little bit
of what Senator Murkowski said we have
some audio from her in the corridor
they're coming off the floor and explain
or show how she made her decision at the
last moment I believe that Brett
Kavanaugh is a good man I believe he is
a good man it just may be that in my
view he's not the right man for the
court at this time so we don't know how
Senator Collins is going to vote we
don't know how Joe Manchin would vote
depending on what Senator Collins does
but right now it is teetering on a
knife's edge it is it is and I think
they should step back and think about
this they're trying to rush it through
before anything new comes out and
they're afraid of what might come out
I think they should look at the nominee
and say fine
he might know the log well he's not
somebody who should be on the US Supreme
Court we're at this difficult time where
President Trump has demonized our
federal courts our law-enforcement our
intelligence he's been very clear he
wants a Supreme Court to be an arm of
his partisan White House that's not what
the American people want step back there
are a number of people that could get a
great deal votes from both Republicans
and Democrats put one of them on I think
the country would breathe a sigh of
relief but no matter which way the vote
goes with judge Kavanagh there's been
damage to the US Senate there's been
damage to the Supreme Court and
certainly it shows
President Trump does not care about the
independence of the federal judiciary I
want to also play in case you hadn't
heard it what the president said in
Minnesota last night at a rally about
one of your former colleagues Al Franken
we're also joined by the next United
States Senator from Minnesota
Karen house Lee so Karen is running
against a far left Democrat Tina Smith
who nobody knows who the hell she is
she was appointed she took a wacky guy's
place that guy was they was rocky what
did he fold up like a wet rag huh man he
was gone so fast I don't want to mention
Al Franken's name okay so I woman he was
gone he was gone so fast it was like oh
he did something all I resigned I quit I
quit I don't know what your reaction to
that is but is this the alarm and he
seems to be criticizing him for doing
something that Donald Trump would not do
which was to Justin fight against that
goons accusation he first has to attack
Tina Smith he has an ability to desire
to attack women more anybody house he
attacks a wonderful Center senator Smith
has worked extraordinarily hard she had
a good reputation as an office holder in
Minnesota before now he wants to go and
attack people I'm not going to repeat
what he said and they have the
recordings of what what he said about
the way he wanted to grab women and
certainly everything else we know about
Donald Trump this is not a man who
should talk about how men
comport themselves or what they should
do he can't he can't talk - he is not an
example for our children or our
grandchildren senator Lee thanks for
being with us on a very important day
thank you thanks for your help today
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
