breaking news in the Muller
investigation and to trunk Russia
collusion and potential obstruction of
justice
NBC News breaking the story this hour
that talks over a presidential interview
with Muller's investigators which were
much further along than have been
previously reported have now largely
broken down with both sides proceeding
as though a presidential interview is no
longer in the cards the other big
headline and potentially more
consequential one for this White House
NBC News breaking the news that the
timetable for delivering a report on
obstruction of justice may now be sped
up absent a presidential interview by
the Muller team that report will likely
include Muller's findings on
now-familiar White House flashpoints the
Comey firing the president's role in
responding to news of Donald Trump Jr's
meeting with Russians in Trump Tower
the president's lawyer John Dowd
floating those pardons for Mike Flynn
and Paul Manafort and Jeff Sessions the
Attorney General being pressured not to
recuse himself from the Russia probe NBC
News also reporting quote Muller would
then likely send a confidential report
to Deputy Attorney General Rod
Rosenstein who is overseeing the Russia
investigation Rosen Stein could decide
whether to make the report public and
send its findings to Congress from there
Congress would then decide whether to
begin impeachment proceedings against
the president that's according to two
sources this is the president sent out a
rare midday tweet today quote I have
agreed with the historically cooperative
disciplined approach that we have
engaged in with Robert Muller unlike the
Clintons I have full confidence in Ty
Cobb my special counsel and have been
fully advised throughout each phase of
the process the team of reporters
breaking the big news for us today joins
us right now at the White House NBC's
Kristen Welker and from Washington NBC's
Cara Lee and Julia Ainsley also Barbara
McQuade former US Attorney now an MSNBC
contributor is also here Kristen let's
start with you take us through what
you're reporting in any response you're
hearing at this hour from the White
House no response yet from the White
House Nicole but sources familiar with
this
discussions this process tell us that
those negotiations between the
president's legal team and the team of
Special Counsel Robert Muller have
largely broken down at this point in the
wake of that dramatic reign of the
president's personal attorney Michael
Cohen now we determined based on these
conversations that the negotiations were
actually further along than initially
suspected that they had started talking
about final sticking points everything
from the scope to the breadth of a
potential interview that timing how
quickly Robert Muller could write that
report and submit it to rob Rosen's and
that you just talked about
ultimately the president's legal team
didn't want that process to drag out
wanted it to be expeditious one source
defining expeditious is a few months
three to four months perhaps but all of
that Nicole all of that has now come to
a standstill we've seen the president
erupt publicly and privately obviously
he has been as we've reported out
throughout the week talking about the
possibility of not only getting rid of
the Special Counsel but also the Deputy
Attorney General who oversees the
investigation rod Rosenstein important
to copy out all of this reporting with
one thing one source telling me look
this is Washington and anything could
happen so not completely putting the
final lid on a potential interview but
this has certainly been a major setback
for the legal team let me let me just
underscore this part of the reporting
before the president described the raid
of his attorney Michael Cohen's office
as an attack on the country your
understanding of where the talks between
the president's lawyers and the Muller
team to be on a potential interview with
the president to be some sort of final
negotiation about the duration somewhere
around I think he report two to three
hours is that right a few hours they
didn't want it to extend into several
days for example that was one of the
acts but these were the things that were
being negotiated Nicole and they had
begun the very very preliminary
preparations of actually talking to the
president about how they might prepare
him for this potential interview nothing
had been decided again they were in the
final stages of these negotiations but
again all of that was derailed on Monday
after that very dramatic rate of the
president's personal attorney Nicole and
Cara Lee bring us inside the consequence
of a presidential interview now
potentially being off the table in terms
of how the Muller team concludes and
presents the obstruction of justice
investigation into those specific flash
points we named the firing of Jim Comey
the crafting of a statement in an
account after news organizations started
asking about Don juniors meeting with
Russians in Trump Tower the pressure to
placed upon Jeff Sessions not to recuse
himself in the Russia probe as well as a
newer revelation the dangling of pardons
in front of Paul Manafort and Mike Flynn
well it's essentially people that we
spoke with said that it leaves Robert
Muller in this position of you know he
could just wrap this up without speaking
to the president and that was always a
possibility there were a number of
people who thought that the president
and still think the president is never
going to sit down with Robert Muller and
actually do an interview but you know we
spoke to one person who said that it
Ramona it essentially you know spoken
with everybody else that he needed to
and reviewed all of the evidence and in
the obstruction portion of this
investigation and was just really
waiting on this interview and so if the
interview doesn't happen and isn't going
to happen as it seems increasingly less
likely to happen to do then that means
he can move up the timing of this report
and he's not he doesn't have to cut a
deal with the president's legal team and
say you know he'll hold off or do it
within a certain amount of time you can
kind of pretty much do do what he wants
if the interview is off the table and
let me let me keep going on this this
question about what we understand to be
happening inside the Muller
investigation because that's one of the
more opaque parts of this Julianne's Lee
you have some reporting on and I've
heard this myself that that this part
could could pretty handily be concluded
without the presidential interview if
you take a single one of those flash
points the firing of Jim Comey you've
got Jim
me you've got whoever he briefed
contemporaneously you've got his memos
you've got Andy McCabe who corroborates
his account as Rachel Maddow's reported
this week Dana benta is like I mean
there's so many corroborating witnesses
who have now been through the offices
where Bob Muller is conducting this
investigation that it seemed at some
level in terms of ascertaining the fact
patterns around these flashpoints Bob
Muller didn't really need an interview
with the president that's right Nicole I
mean as a source is explaining to me
when I was asking these same questions
he was trying to put it in terms I could
understand as a journalist and said
think about if you're writing a story
you have all of the information you need
but you're waiting on one key interview
and that person just keeps putting you
off and then all of a sudden sort of
looks like they're not going to talk to
you at all well you would go forward
with your story and just say that that
person decided not to give their piece
of this and the reason why there were
negotiations in the first place we're to
be able to be able to allow the
President to set some of these standards
to be able to say I want to come in with
my lawyers I want to talk for this
amount of time this is what I'll talk
about this is what I won't talk about he
would lose those things if he ended up
being subpoenaed by a grand jury to get
before a grand jury a lot of that is up
in the air there's a lot of legal
questions about whether or not you can
subpoena a president if a sitting
president cannot be indicted but the
idea of this negotiation was actually to
give the president more of the ability
to be able to call his own shots and so
by throwing all of this up in the air
because he's so upset about the Cohen
raid he could actually be doing a
disservice to his own defense kristen
welker I had heard from a former senior
Justice Department official who was very
familiar with a Special Counsel process
that what this would have looked like
for the president would have been Bob
Muller and several deputies with binders
and binders of transcripts from
testimony from his closest aides people
like kopecks Don McGann and some of his
friend amis if you will from the Justice
Department who have also testified to
these four flash points that you've
decided in your report just the
president's legal team view it as good
or bad for their legal strategy the
talks have broken down
around an interview well that's a good
question and it probably depends on who
you ask because there were some
divisions within the legal team we know
that
Ty Cobb has been very vocal about has
talked about the fact that he wants to
move forward with the potential
interview with a president now important
to underscore that neither Ty Cobb
nor Jay Sekulow the other member of the
president's legal team were really
leaving the legal response spoke to us
for this report they declined to comment
but based on previous conversations I
can tell you that they wanted to move
forward with an interview if they felt
as though the terms were right and so
that would mean that again it would fit
within a specific time frame that there
would be specific boundaries around what
topics would be open to discussion and a
whole host of other details that needed
to be drilled down on in terms of how
they are viewing this very moment look I
think that they're going to have to wait
and see how this all plays out because
what could happen of course and the
question that remains unanswered
what will Bob Muller do if in fact he
determines that an interview becomes
impossible will he try to subpoena the
president or will he write that report
now okay hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
