then he thought this story was going
away not EPA Administrator Scott Pruett
faces a new backlash this morning over
his report has reported ideas for the
redesign of agency wait for it
memorabilia according to the New York
Times Pruitt wanted leather-bound
notebooks fountain pens and even
commemorative coins to feature symbols
that represent him him Scott Pruett and
the agency more or less his proposals
included featuring his name were
prominently on the items and adding
symbols of personal relevance like a
buffalo for his home state of Oklahoma
Pruitt is also proposed to be removing
the agency's seal from memorabilia
claiming it looked too much like a
marijuana leaf said it looked like weed
Bret Stephens been white back with me
okeydoke
so Pruitt requests were shot down by
agency officials who said it's not only
too expensive but it's a breach of
protocol as these things pile up when
Republicans start to take notice because
I talked to people inside the EPA Brett
and they've said there's three camps
inside the EPA they're sort of the EPA
lifers we're holding on saying let's
just wait until this term is over then
there are actual real Republicans in
there working on policy and then there's
the Oklahoma mafia they've got big
raises that Scott Pruett brought in
people who may not even be qualified for
the job and it's not Scott who's leading
policy it's Scott who's the figurehead
tell me when did you hear scott pruett
uh doing the media rounds talking about
what they're doing in that office
selling their mission I don't remember
ever seeing him well you know every
every EPA Administrator has a Martha
Stewart inside of him just waiting to
come out I see you have a challenge coin
I do have a challenge with this is from
the intrepid the intrepid sea-air-space
Neal Jones yeah I get that it's just
unclear to me what is it that why would
Scott Scott Pruett have one to talk
about his trip to Italy this is remind
it's my favorite quote it's worse than a
crime it's a mistake I mean we're not
even talking about EPA policy what what
the administrator ought to be doing it's
just such a basic political mistake to
care about this kind of stuff and it
already has gotten so many cabinet
secretaries they've got Tom Price fired
it's gotten Ben Carson into into trouble
the same with the same with Ryan's Enki
so you have to ask yourself where's just
the political mind never mind the
questions of taste and priorities it's
not a mistake a mistake is I screwed up
I didn't know better we're seeing time
and again the things that Scott Pruett
fights for were said this guy's a
fighter he's fighting with policy he's
fighting for raises he's fighting for
bigger security detail he's fighting for
travel all for himself
yeah I mean is it okay if I just bang my
head on the desk on your show am I
allowed to just sit here and slam my own
on the desk because how are we talking
about this how are we talking about him
putting his name on a challenge coin a
who cares about a challenge going
leather-bound books I mean really
leather-bound books we're talking about
his putting his name on there does his
office smell of mahogany I mean this is
what I can't believe I'm sitting here
talking about this it's so ridiculous
every time I'm here it's Scott Pruett is
making up reasons to fly first-class he
needs to have a secret phone booth in
his office now he needs his name and the
Buffalo on the challenge coin and he
needs these books I mean I'm amazed that
he hasn't been fired yet by President
Trump I don't understand why he hasn't
he's such a constant embarrassment and
distraction obviously there are
conservatives who like what the EPA is
doing rolling back someone else could do
the job that hole and those who make the
argument we need Scott to do the job
well how about a week ago when the
president thought Scott Pruett could be
Jeff Sessions take out then what would
have happened at that you know that's
exactly the people who dislike Scott
Pruett for policy reasons aren't gonna
get any relief if he's if he's fired
because someone else would the same sort
of deregulation of deregulatory agenda
is gonna is going to take it take his
place but this is just a political
headache for the president it's exactly
what you said you want to ask yourself
well why on earth would we want to be
talking about this why does she want
this political headache he got rid of VA
secretary Shulkin he got rid of Tom
Price for less than that somebody has to
look worse than he does I suppose or he
just doesn't want to look like he's
caving in to the lids you know and that
do you want to own the lids by keeping
prove it in there and it would be
embarrassing somehow but this is like
constant day after day after
day of negative headlines drives the
White House staff crazy they want to
prove it out for a while it is a mystery
to me why Trump is wedded to this guy
keeps remember well you know we're gonna
get the best people that's clear it's
not just people like the house who wants
got food out how do you think these
stories are coming out people inside the
epa's are letting these stories out just
talk me through one second why is it
that the president seems so dug in no it
can't simply be he wants somebody worse
than he is look I think a couple of
reasons first of all Scott Pruett
appeals to a large segment of his base
particularly out out west where the sort
of anti EPA feeling is is extremely is
extremely strong and I think the second
reason is we've gone through a lot of
cabinet secretaries that maybe there's
just some thought in in Trump's mind
that he can only fire so many people in
a single month yeah but it's not just
the Democrats who are criticizing him
and we know Democrats have but the EPA
released a statement and it's saying a
part quote administrator Pruitt is
focused on advancing president Trump's
agenda of regulatory certainty and
environmental stewardship sure fine
great but at this point it's not just
Democrats for going after Pruitt we've
seen Republican congressman trey Gowdy
he has now sent a letter to the EPA
because it failed to provide all the
documents related to this guy spending
on travel his lease agreement and
remember there's people he's given these
raises to raises money that was only
supposed to be allotted for scientists
he's given to his Oklahoma Posse now you
got the Trey Gowdy's of the world asking
yeah I mean obviously when you've got
people like trey Gowdy turning turning
on you a little bit on the hill but I
have to be honest and say I thought
Pruitt would be out by now I'm surprised
that he's not so it's hard for me to
predict when this guy is gonna leave but
it doesn't feel like there will ever be
an end to these stories about how much
he kind of abuses this office and uses
it for his personal aggrandizement and
at some point it's gonna get so much the
Trump just says look get rid of the guy
he's gone we can't deal with this
anymore I don't know when that mobility
is another Republican who's leaving
Congress
one of the big reasons is this is you're
having Trump's party and not not your
former Republican Party hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
