in fact a person's individual race for
Congress I really don't think a person's
race for Congress is gonna hinge on
whether Paul Ryan's speaker or not
join us now founder of the house freedom
caucus and its first chairman Republican
Congressman Jim Jordan of Ohio he's also
a member of the Senate Judiciary
Committee the House Judiciary Committee
yeah congressman very good to see this
morning thanks for being with us yeah
first question were you surprised by
speaker Ryan's announcement yesterday
morning I guess that it came yesterday
but we've been hearing rumors like
everybody else so I guess we weren't we
weren't shocked but we appreciate Paul's
20 years of service to the country is a
good man with a good family we wish him
the best but he's gonna be here for the
next six months so we got to get back to
work what does that mean exactly what
would you do differently now if there's
new leadership we I know he's not out
until next January but you started after
thinking about life after Paul Ryan how
will it be different well I'm much more
concerned about what the next speaker
does then then who the next speaker is
and what we got to get focused on doing
is back to what the American people sent
us here to do what did we tell them we
were gonna do and for example that the
hill we passed three weeks ago was in no
way consistent with what the mandate of
the 2016 election was all about that
omnibus bill was the worst bill I've
seen in my 10 years in Congress
something we should not have passed so
we got to get refocused on on building
the border security while making those
tax cuts permanent doing welfare reform
the kind of things the American people
sent us here to do yeah let's queue the
same question I put to congressman Cole
about an hour ago you also like
congressman call a small government
conservative we got a CBO report out
just the other day that says the deficit
in this country the budget deficit will
exceed a trillion dollars by 2020 how
bothered are you by that and by the fact
that the tax cut and spending raises
that you all passed contributed so
greatly to that I'm very bothered by as
are the American people in particular
people who voted for Republicans and put
it they didn't put us in power to pass a
1.3 trillion dollar bill three weeks ago
that increased the deficit to as you
said a trillion dollars coming in just a
couple years eight hundred some billion
this year that's not what they put us in
office to do and we had a chance after
what schumer had done with the shutdown
we had a chance to actually achieve some
savings and not grow discretionary
spending
particularly the non-defense area like
we did and yet we did the thing that
Washington always does the thing the
swamp always does we just said let's
just spend more money on everything and
push the bill off to someone else in the
future so yeah we concerned about it
every member should be concerned about
it but unfortunately we didn't take
action three weeks ago like we should
have so why did so many Republicans vote
for that omnibus bill because as bad as
you say it is why do they all vote for
it you know I think part of it was
driven by the military funding I was in
it but we were so poised to win in light
of the Schumer's shutdown just a few
weeks before that bill we had a chance
where he he said oh no no more important
than funding the military and holding
line on everything else he shut the
government down because he wanted this
amnesty provision and the American
people said no no that's a that's a
terrible idea so we were we were in such
a good position public relations-wise
politically to win on this debate and
increase money for defense do what needs
to be done for our troops but hold the
line on everything else and yet right at
the end right on the cusp of victory we
said nope let's do the same old same old
let's spend more money right daddy
congressman congressman Jordan I noticed
you're wearing a coat and tie this point
is it cold in Washington DC I was
running for speaker outside it's
freezing the questions so what did Paul
Ryan give you an indication of the
timing I mean Tom Cole acknowledged and
as we say an hour ago that it was gonna
make it difficult for Republicans to
maintain the majority when your biggest
fundraiser is now gone why did he
consult with you on the timing and why
shouldn't he have waited perhaps until
they got a little reelected then dinner
one per speaker you'd have to talk to
Paul about that and he did not consult
with with me but like I said before I
think much more important than who the
speaker is or winning winner if and when
he might be leaving is what we're doing
and when you pass things like that
omnibus bill that's what that what is
what makes it tough politically and I
think we're going to make it difficult
for us to maintain the majority I think
we can but that's the that's the thing
we got to focus on so it's not so much
about the person to win or when they win
or when not they may be leaving it's
about what we're doing and frankly what
we're not doing mm-hmm hi congressman
it's Heidi
you spoke about the debt
the Omni bill let's talk about the debt
in the tax cut bill because in that CBO
report it says that the tax bill itself
will add one point nine trillion to the
debt over the next decade we were made a
lot of specific promises on this tax cut
bill that it would pay for itself and it
would generate more revenue that it
would generate a four thousand dollar
pay raise per worker and now we're
seeing that a lot of the money is just
going to corporate buybacks I mean a lot
of it is going to employees too we have
all kinds of employers in our district
you've given raise to their employees
and letting families keep more of their
money as a darn good thing so I don't
buy into this idea that letting the
American keep people keep their money
somehow is the cost to the government I
think it is just good policy letting you
keep what you've earned
letting the economy grow which in fact
it is growing much faster than in the
previous ten years the four thousand
dollars a person congressman and in it
the bill would pay for itself those
those were specific promises but the
problem with the deficit and the debt is
spending it's not letting people keep
their money it's not tax cuts it's
spending those tax cuts are good they
are gonna produce better economic growth
we know that and people are getting to
keep more of their money corporations
are talking about what they've given to
their employees all those are positive
things the problem is spending and the
bill that we passed three weeks ago was
a big problem because we increased
discretionary spending higher than any
bill in the last ten years with the
exception of the Obama stimulus package
all right congressman Jim Jordan thanks
for being on this morning that thank you
up next the president's mixed messaging
on Syria yesterday he claimed missiles
are coming today he says maybe not that
soon Admiral James to read us joins us
next thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
