joining us now from Capitol Hill a
member of the House Appropriations
budget and Rules Committee Republican
Congressman Tom Cole of Oklahoma
representative Cole just announced his
bid for re-election so you're staying in
my leader was leaving I might have
changed my mind but you know I I'm
tending to run again so tell us what you
think about Paul Ryan deciding to leave
it's gonna be an enormous loss there's
no question look I think he's been a
brilliant speaker just the guy that by
the time is 48 been a vice presidential
nominee the chairman of the Budget
Committee the chairman of ways and means
committee and the Speaker of the House
that's a pretty extraordinary set of
achievements and it tells you what his
colleagues thought about him so we're
gonna miss him but look at the Paul is
typically Paul he tells you what he's
going to do and why he's gonna do it he
told us this is about his family I have
no doubt that's true I've known them for
many years actually his wife is from my
district and so I think he's putting
kids and family first but hopefully
after he has a chance to recharge his
batteries when he's done and he won't be
done until January of next year you know
we'll see him again at some point in
public life I'm a huge admirer of Paul
Ryan congressman Cole it's willie Geist
it's good to see this morning you said
sort of half joking that you might have
changed your mind if you'd known speaker
Ryan was gonna leave is there any truth
in that I mean if you'd waited a day
might your decision have been different
no no no look I made this decision some
time ago and but again look Paul has
been he's been here my entire career I
mean he got here at you know in his
twenties I got here my 50 so he's a guy
that I've really admired and had a
chance to be on this committee for four
years when he chaired budget so I
consider him a really close friend and
Ally and again I think somebody who
represents what's best in the House of
Representatives best in public life in
America Speaker Ryan said all the right
things yesterday about what may or may
not happen come November a lot of
predictions about Democrats taking over
the house so many retirements in your
caucus what do you see coming in the
fall are you concerned as many
Republicans are yeah absolutely look
nobody's had a good midterm election
since 2002
it didn't matter if you're a Republican
or Democrat so anybody thinks we're not
facing the challenge in the environment
you know it's just miss stating the
facts or just done to understand them
but morality is you know we've got about
a 50/50 shot and my view of hanging on
the majority the things we can control
we're in pretty good shape the
candidates in the difficult district
where you're really going to win or lose
this thing aren't really good the
committee Campaign Committee is
excellent it's going to be very
well-funded we've got a lot to run on
having gotten a tax bill through the
repealed the individual mandate a lot of
deregulation and a rebuilding of the
American military under way so you got a
case to make and you've got the tools to
make it but no question the other side
is energized in the environment it's
going to be challenging congressman you
of course are a small government
conservative the CBO put out a report a
couple of days ago that showed the tax
bill that you just referenced is the tax
law and spending increases will send the
deficit in this country to approach one
trillion dollars in 2019 and to exceed
one trillion dollars in 2020 how do you
explain that to your supporters back
home who share your small government
philosophy blowing such a big hole in
the deficit with that tax bill I think
that's a good point I think the the real
question is when somebody gonna get
serious about entitlement reform around
here I've got legislation it would
actually start us down that road on
Social Security carry it with my friend
a Democrat john delaney I mean that's
where you get serious I look I'm not too
worried about Democrats who didn't
bother to worry about a 1.4 trillion
dollar deficit under Obama but I am
worried that we've got a Republican
administration has put forward nothing
serious in the way of Medicare Medicaid
Social Security that's 60 percent of all
federal spending of those three programs
so until you get serious about that
you're not gonna give them anywhere
close to balancing the budget you will
be those congressmen criticizing your
campaign for voting for a bill that
added to the deficit and brought it up
to a trillion dollars next year how you
answer that criticism pretty easily
almost all that in additional spending
the majority of it is
you throw in veterans and homeland
security you're up to about 60 or 70
percent of the total package
so those are easy things to defend and
fortunately in my case I've been on
record and in terms of entitlement
reform for a long time I've had
legislation for a long time so again
didn't get the last president to work on
that haven't gotten this president to
work on it
I've actually sort of pleased Paul Ryan
has been the touting this bill recently
to the president that this is a
commission idea it modeled after the
Greenspan Commission that puts Social
Security you know in the black back in
the 1980s and we need to do that again
so you deal with this one step at a time
but you don't sacrifice the defense of
the country and frankly you know
Democrats got their pound of flesh too
they got a lot of domestic spending
because we needed their votes to get
defense where it needs to be all right
david ignatius Congressman Cole I I
wanted to ask you what are you hearing
from your Republican colleagues this
week if anything about whether it's
appropriate to take steps to protect
special counsel Muller on the Senate
side there's Sapir to be some movement
by Republicans in that direction what
about the house side what do you think
well I think members have pretty
uniformly not not universally but the
vast majority have said they think mr.
Muller needs to stay you know in his job
and complete his investigation that's
the advice that's been offered both
publicly and privately to the president
and I think that's where the majority of
our conference stands look there's
nothing there then in the end the
president will be vindicated and I don't
think there is we you know this has been
going on a long time haven't seen any
evidence of any sort of collusion so
let's let the investigation go through
Acosta congressman let's talk about what
everybody up at the Capitol is talking
about the leadership race I'm looking
for one name if you had to vote for one
name today to be the next Speaker of the
House who would it be
I don't have
to do that today and I don't know who's
right yeah
what's the secret well let's wait and
see who decides to run look we've part
the early lead they're both great people
but you know there's a Texas delegation
out there with 25 members somebody could
emerge from who from the Texas
delegation could emerge look there's 25
of them I'll let them speak for
themselves but look I think this is I
don't think we're gonna have any problem
finding a leader we've got a deep bench
I think as a leadership team that's
performed really well and we've got a
lot of talented people to conference so
this long time between now and November
let's wait and see who decided to run
all right Congressman Tom Cole thank you
very much thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more 4 Morning
Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
