do have Paul Ryan doing something that
speakers just don't do he's he's
abandoning ship as after the ship has
hit an iceberg and the Republican Party
appears to be going down to defeat so
that's big news one other thing mica
that we should talk about and consider
this morning robert muller did not get
involved in his investigation in this
investigation to end up like ken starr
starting with a failed Landale and
ending up with a relationship with an
intern we've been hearing a lot of
things over the past 24 hours that the
raid against Michael Cohen was about
stormy Daniels or was about a Playboy
bunny or was about the Access Hollywood
tape that is that is highly unlikely
it's more about Michael Cohen it's more
about what Michael Cohen knows and it's
more about what Michael Cohen will lead
this investigation to and what leads the
prosecutors in the Southern District of
New York to but you know I I Chris Hayes
had it right last night I think we're
going to look back on yesterday as one
of the more pivotal days in the trump
presidency things happened that are
going to impact us and we haven't even
talked about Syria for for some time
really we'll really talk about let's go
to the tweet desk and talk about the
tweet yeah the president while you've
been talking here Joe just tweeted this
quote if I wanted a fire robert muller
in december as reported by the failing
New York Times I would have fired him
just more fake news from a biased
newspaper that's wonderful you know in
there if you let's break that down in
there is I would have fired him sandy
Kent which I can fire him I have the
right to fire him which echoes with
Sarah Sanders said from the podium
of the briefing room two days ago which
said is that the president and the White
House believe he has the legal ground
they've been told by some unknown
unnamed legal expert that he has the
legal ground to fire the special counsel
well as I said Joe hold on one second go
ahead
second I think I think the the Cohen
probe at this point in terms of the
rating of his office and the Access
Hollywood stuff we can't get sidetracked
by that right now they have access to
everything Donald Trump has done for
decades and the questions I think
they're looking at is whether or not
information was suppressed and perhaps
in an unlawful way and so he's angry
he's lashing out he's promoting Hannity
and then I think the tragedy of this is
watching Paul Ryan leave after doing a
pretty poor job of standing up for
what's right against a president who
does not follow the rule of law and is
trying to undermine our democracy and I
urge everybody KC hunt to read Madeleine
Albright's new book fascism because as
we have been saying for well over a year
this is how it starts this is how all
this type of thing starts and I'm still
confused as to why Paul Ryan is leaving
almost with his tail between his legs
what happened during his tenure as
Speaker of the House that made him
incapable of standing up for what is
right Mika that's an interesting way of
framing it I partly because I think that
the sense behind the scenes is that
well no it's that they believe that
they're doing more privately than if he
was out there publicly saying all of
these things about the president and
criticizing him then he would be unable
to help try and actually make a real
difference behind the scenes and like I
think in the context I think in the
context of what you mentioned about
Madeleine Albright history is
potentially going to be a harsh judge of
that decision you know we'll have to see
over time but the reality is Paul Ryan
was a man without a country he was you
know once the rising star in a
Republican Party that embraced his ideas
his young family when he was the vice
presidential nominee and then the base
of the party elected Donald Trump and
while yes Ryan has forged a working
relationship with President Trump these
two men could not be more fundamental
from a values perspective if you think
about it Paul Ryan is leaving in part
because of his family he wants to spend
some time with his young family and and
there's truth in that he is not you know
somebody who's just saying that because
there are other reasons yes there are
obviously additional reasons why he
might leave but that is a real real
thing from him Casey Casey everybody
everybody would love to spend more time
with their family but while he was not
while he was speaker the question is why
why every step of the way and what
exactly did they accomplish that was so
worth it tax cuts package I don't think
so that's what he would I mean that's
what Paul Ryan would tell you he would
say tax cuts but what I was gonna say is
that this president is somebody who's
cavorting with porn stars and Playboy
Bunnies and that is just not something
that you know Paul Ryan understands at
all and at the end of the day they're
the the frustrations and misery of doing
that job as speaker where you are
confronted with this day after day he
just decided it was too much and and you
may be absolutely right that history
will judge him harshly for that I mean
the the thing that you know privately
people would say is that he believed he
needed to be the ballast in the ship of
state and he's deciding he doesn't want
to do that anymore I'm not sure who's
gonna step up and do it instead you know
and the other things are not good that's
early stepping up anyway Joe what are
the options well I I don't see anybody
that's going to do much more than Paul
Ryan and unfortunately Paul Ryan's
legacy is going it's it's not going to
be tax cuts Paul Ryan's lasting legacy
among historians is is going to show him
to be a man who was who is always a
policy guy who was more comfortable as
chairman of the Ways and Means Committee
uncomfortable as Speaker of the House
especially in these most trying times
when where there was a storm gathering
he had an opportunity after Charlotte to
speak out not only for those offended by
Donald Trump and by the neo-nazi
protests but also for the Republican
Party for the party of Lincoln for the
party of reconstruction for the party of
the 13th and the 14th amendment for the
party
that was suppose that Paul Ryan believed
should expand its horizons and start
reaching out to others but he didn't do
that he didn't speak out after Donald
Trump tweeted out neo-nazi videos he
didn't speak out after Donald Trump
attacked the entire continent of Africa
and other countries for being
predominantly black time and time again
Paul Ryan had the opportunity to speak
out and time and time again Paul Ryan
decided that it was not his
responsibility to do that
that somebody that's known Paul and like
him very much since he was 22 and wanted
very much for him to be the Speaker of
the House that remains a mystery to me
and always will remain a history a
mystery to me and I think the historians
you know Edmund Burke what did Edmund
Burke say David Ignatius that all that
is required for evil to prevail is for
good men to do nothing and too often
Paul Ryan did not answer the call of
history Paul Ryan's story is is a
painful one I was on Capitol Hill
yesterday morning when the news came
over people's phones that the
announcement was was coming Republicans
even people who've been with Paul Ryan
that morning in the house Jim said they
were surprised that it was coming now in
this way as I look at Paul Ryan you know
him better than most people Joe it just
seems to me this was somebody who never
really wanted to be Speaker he was
reluctant he'd seen what had happened to
John Boehner he'd seen the basic
impossibility of controlling and
containing a party that was imploding he
wasn't able to do it he could never deal
with the pressures in his own party he
likes to say as legacy is the tax bill
really his legacy I think will be the
trillion dollar deficit that we're gonna
have by 2020 according to the latest
projections what a strange thing for a
fiscal conservative to have presided
over this ballooning of spending and
and and and fiscal policy that most
conservatives would reject but from the
beginning this was the reluctant speaker
he couldn't deal with his president he
couldn't deal with his caucus
it's a sad ending I just a final thought
in these remaining months if he stays as
Speaker will it be easier for him to
speak out against efforts by Trump to to
fire Muller for example Willie Willie
now be able to act more in conscience
I would I would assume so but we'll
watch that Willie well you know David
David as a conservative I was deeply
disturbed by george w bush's spending
habits i was deeply disturbed by the
massive expansion of Medicare Part D
without funding that by the record
deficits by the record debts and people
like Paul Ryan said for years if you put
us in charge again we won't make the
same mistakes but for for again for
small government conservatives like
myself who believe Paul Ryan would be
different it's extraordinary to see the
record spending and the record deficits
that just the complete lack of fiscal
responsibility that Paul Ryan and Mitch
McConnell and Donald Trump have shown
over the past year and a half an
insurgency has taken over the Republican
Party Joe and Paul Ryan is the latest
victim of that insurgency and I don't
see the the party being able to come
back together for a good long while I
think these these midterm elections are
gonna be very tough for Republicans
so Heidi the you know the the reason
that Paul Ryan gave yesterday was to be
with his family and I believe that's
true the more cynical view is that he
sees a tidal wave coming this fall and
he wants to get out of the way we've
seen right now the most congressional
retirements since World War two saved
for 1992 Republicans out to defend 39
open seats and that's obviously with a
long time until November do you think
that factored into his decision he says
that's absolute not true he believes the
Republicans will hold those seats and
still control the house
come November do you believe he said you
know what I went out of the way this
thing Willie I got a bridge to sell you
if you believe option 1 so let's talk
about option 2 because I talked to
someone who is a Ryan confidante last
night and he said they are absolutely
devastated by the timing of this it is
not that they don't understand why Ryan
would want to bail out but they don't
understand why now why because this is
going to devastate their chances in the
house for two reasons one fund raising
Paul Ryan is the cash cow 54 million
already in this cycle he was hitting it
payment hard every night this person
said now what are these donors going to
say in the corporate impact world when a
lame duck speaker calls them up his pack
the CLF pack was the pack that was
bringing in all of the money for the
house and as a matter of fact this
person said he thinks this is so
devastating that some of these corporate
donors could just cut their losses and
say you know what the Senate should be
our priority that's where we should put
our money right now and then to the
issue that you mentioned which is the
retirements already at a record number
you said 41 right you know what that
number was in 2010 with the Democrats 17
so we're talking about not just a way
but a potential tsunami here if you're
just looking at the retirements this is
assigned to additional vulnerable
members who may be quivering in their
boots that this was a bailout
he was bailing out yeah you know if you
want to spend more time with his family
he could have waited another six months
to say you know what guys I'll be home
to watch football with you but this was
he saw a tidal wave coming so I'm
sympathetic I understand there may be
something a lot of times people have to
leave for family reasons I'm not trying
to be blind to it but he didn't want
this job talked about his family from
the get-go and how the job would be
tough but he took the job and then when
he had the job he said nothing and Rick
it wasn't you know policy disagreements
that perhaps involved some give or take
behind the scenes we're talking about
blatant racism we're talking about a
president undermining our the balance of
our democracy and he had the podium he
had the position he had the voice to
speak
out against some basic things and never
did and now leaves saying nothing I
don't get it and I'm really disappointed
and I think he will continue to say
nothing because I think with Paul Ryan's
attitude is despite it whatever thing
Heidi said is true it will it will hurt
Republicans reelection chances and it
doesn't I believe Paul Ryan did it that
is his family that's I believe and I
believe that's what he totally fine
doesn't matter the perception will be
that there's a blue wave coming in and
he's not going to be speaker in the next
time and the it sort of represents the
death of intellectual conservatism but
I'll get to your point of not speaking
out yeah I think the alternative to that
is in Ryan's world he sees it as he
watched Donald Trump take down 16
Republican opponents and Hillary Clinton
right everybody who engaged with Donald
Trump publicly starting with Rick Perry
who's now find his cabinet ironically
got shredded publicly yeah so the
alternative is if Ryan was were to take
on and I'm not saying he shouldn't have
but it is it is a decisive strategy that
he would have to take on the President
to write the course of the Republican
Party it's ideology and it's war but at
the same time I think he would have got
shredded he wouldn't be able to lead his
own caucus yeah and he would leave today
with dignity Joe yeah Amica that just
wasn't who Paul Ryan was I I can tell
you now that I to him a couple of times
and I said Paul you're dealing with a
guy that only understands strength
you're dealing with a guy that only
understands when you get in his face
you're dealing with a guy that does not
respect the the the the positive
qualities that you have you've got to
fight and his attitude was that's not
who I am
I came here to pass legislation I'm
going to keep my head down and I'm gonna
pass that legislation again it's it's a
model that was ill-fitting for this time
and again he just his personality was a
personality that again was unmatched by
the challenges to our Constitution to
constitutional norms to the rule of law
to the defending of the F
I to the defending of the CIA to the
defending of our men and went are a liar
cause the world he just did not see that
for whatever reason as his job or his
responsibilities I had again it's it
remains a mystery to me and I know that
you're very very frustrated by it as
well well just while you're there then
while you're there at all why are any of
them there if they can't do this it's
pretty simple it's right and wrong
Willie and a lot of this also is just
people who are miserable frankly you
know Republicans in Congress because the
job is not about legislating and coming
and getting things done for the people
in your district it's about answering
for Donald Trump's every tweet having a
position on everything Donald Trump says
trying to stay by the side of the
Republican president while maintaining
your dignity has been a very and I call
thing for people that gets to the heart
of who Ryan so Ryan is a policy wonk
right he had this idea he was happy
being chairman of the Budget Committee
that's what he wanted to work with the
numbers he had this idea I think that
over time if you could sell the American
people on conservative economic
solutions for prosperity that let's give
that a try that's what he wanted to do I
remember his roadmap you know it was a
60 year plan about poverty tour that's
what he wanted to do okay thanks for
nothing I mean God thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more for morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
