God will they go ahead one more tweet
here guys as we go to a commercial break
remember yesterday the tweet around this
time yesterday morning where the
president said get ready Russia missiles
will be on the way he says now this
morning quote never said when an attack
on Syria would took place could be very
soon or not so soon at all in any event
the United States under my
administration has done a great job of
ridding the region of Isis where is our
thank you America by the way i i i i
that is such a hey let's keep that up on
let's keep that up on the screen for a
minute this is a guy who responds to
cable news who responds to hearing that
he has made the same mistake that barack
obama made he immediately tweets
something out and the commander in chief
is saying where is our thank you America
instead of the commander-in-chief
thanking the men and the women who put
their lives on the line every day across
the world who have done an extraordinary
job with the help of commanders in the
field and generals helping fight Isis
but David Ignatius I know that has to be
particularly frustrating to you
considering that you have been on the
front lines of those men and women that
were fighting Isis and David the
president is a fool if he believes that
Isis has been cleared out of that region
and the president is a fool if he
believes Isis won't come right back if
he keeps announcing future military
troop movements it's it's good for him
to recognize that the fight against Isis
is one that has been waged courageously
by the US military and its allies and in
a sense to take credit for that rather
than walking away from it as he
sometimes has seem to be doing the
question that I'm looking at this
morning is whether in this delay we were
all
backing up by this morning we would be
talking about a missile strike on Syria
in this away is secretary mattis talking
with his Russian counterparts or other
US Russian conversations taking place
that will put a kind of discipline on
Assad that some cruise missiles clearly
can't that going forward will have some
different understanding about about
what's permitted and what isn't in Syria
if that's the outcome then III think
that the delay is is worthwhile this
whole episode does remind us of the
truth of what Teddy Roosevelt said
speaks softly and carry a big stick
don't don't drop the bluster everybody
knows we're powerful when you advertise
it in the way that the Trump did you
just end up looking silly if you decide
perhaps for good reasons to wait well
and and myka the the fact that the
president keeps making a fool of himself
one twitter by first of all talking
about our big beautiful missiles or
whatever he said yesterday and then this
morning is saying hey world thank me a
guy sitting at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue
for the work that the men and the women
in the field did I mean I I was reading
your father's book yesterday book
written about your father yesterday and
it is extraordinary when you look at the
leaders that he was surrounded by from
the time he started studying in the
1950s going to school teaching advising
presidents this sort of language nobody
none of the great men of history of his
day none of the great women of their day
ever spoke like that saying what why
where is your where is your thank you to
me he it's it's really it's deplorable
it is and on the world stage this
president is humiliating America no
question he's been doing it for months
but we're headed into a situation where
he has humiliated this country in the
world stage and he's going to hurt us
still ahead on Morning Joe who needs TV
Guide when they have POTUS will show you
exactly what President Trump was
promoting through his Twitter page last
night it was one of his Stooges doing a
show that really helps the president
it's incredible
staggering plus Russia reacts to the
president's tweets about Syria we'll
show you that former dissent a Defense
Secretary Leon Panetta and four-star
Admiral James stavridis break down this
very tense standoff
you're watching Morning Joe we'll be
right back thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more 4 Morning
Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
