Jeff sessions tomorrow morning should
fire rod Rosenstein it is not up to the
President to fire mr. Rosen Stein it is
mr. sessions job and he has a duty to
fire rod Rosen I think rod Rosenstein is
recused I don't think he can serve on an
investigation in which he will end up
being the key witness those are two
Trump confidants tonight on Fox News
offering their thoughts on how the
president should handle the special
counsels Russia investigation they are
two attorneys whose opinions we know the
president values in fact Trump had
dinner at the White House with Alan
Dershowitz
just last night and he tried to hire the
guy in the right Joe digenova for his
own legal team we can assume the
president was watching because he
tweeted quote big show tonight on Sean
Hannity about ten minutes before it
started Trump spent a good deal of time
attacking the Russia investigation today
tweeting this morning that Muller is
most conflicted of all except Rosenstein
who signed FISA and Comey letter no
collusion so they go crazy
and tonight the Washington Post in their
story with 21 sources reports quote the
president has been particularly livid in
the wake of Monday's FBI raids on the
home office and hotel room of Michael
Cohen in the days after he has seriously
contemplated a shake-up at the Justice
Department in the hopes of curbing the
expanding probe by Special Counsel
Robert Muller whose referral led to the
Cohen raids Trump is considering firing
Deputy Attorney General rod Jay
Rosenstein who is overseeing the probe
well joining me now for more's Los
Angeles Times reporter Chris Megerian
who covers the Special Counsel
investigation and former RNC Chairman
and my friend Michael Steele also an
MSNBC political analyst gentlemen good
to see you both Chris let me start with
you we know we now know everybody knows
that the president takes his cues in
many cases from things he hears on on
Fox News do we have a sense of how he'll
react to two lawyers
obviously lawyers he likes and respects
giving him advice to either fire rod
Rosenstein or get him recused or get rid
of Muller well I think one of our key
is that he wanted us to watch the show
the president tweeted before you make
sure you tune in the Sean Hannity so you
know maybe he already kind of had a
sense of what they're gonna say he had
already been talking to Alan Dershowitz
you know he almost hired Joe to Geneva
as one of his lawyers and there is this
you know feedback loop he has these
people who go on TV he they they give
him they give him advice through the TV
and then he kind of repeats that back
and he's clearly looking for a much more
combative approach than what he's
getting perhaps from his own counsel
what's interesting Michael because one
of the more combative guys out there is
Rush Limbaugh and he's got a different
view of this listen to what Rush had to
say today the worst thing Trump could do
is start firing people that's what he's
being goaded into doing many of you
think that's what Trump should do many
of you think this is the just and proper
thing but this is more than just and
proper right now this is about survival
Michael's tricky because there are
Republicans and Democrats warning
against the president firing Robert
Muller or rod Rosen Stein and they don't
normally find themselves on the same
side as Rush Limbaugh so what do you
make of this I I agree with Rush I think
Rush is offering very wise counsel
because Rush is a student enough to know
that it's not about the the act of the
firing it's not about your peak with
with the subjects here it's about what
happens afterwards it's about what it
will mean to the party it's about what
will it will mean this November and it's
about what it means when the Democrats
take over the house and if you create a
landscape where they can actually slip
in and wind up taking the Senate as well
that puts this presidency in jeopardy so
Rush
despite the wise counsel from from the
two lawyers is offering wise sage
political counsel which actually Trump's
the legal counsel here because it is
about the survival of an administration
that has already put itself in perilous
footing to begin with Chris this is
interesting because we had Barbara
McQuade on I'm gonna have Bob Bennett on
but the fact is while there are all
sorts of Americans asking whether or not
can fire Muller or whether he can fire
Rosenstein I guess he can't fire Rosen
sign that's a little clearer the the
political calculus here is a little
trickier because at some point the
congressional Republicans may have to
act well right I mean also it's kind of
a risk/reward situation and we saw this
last year when the president thought was
a good idea to fire James Comey that
created the special counsel's office
that is currently investigating him so
you kind of have this sense of well you
you kind of get that he may want to take
a step he may want to fire somebody but
is he gonna think that's the best way
forward is that gonna get him the result
that he really wants Michael what
happens next
we had a litany of Republican senators
today making comments about why the
president shouldn't touch robert muller
why he should let this continue
in fact Lindsey Graham had this to say
about it so mr. president car watching I
think you're gonna be fine unless you
screw this up let the process play out
are these warnings meant to say will
actually do something if you take action
to fire
Robert Muller are they hoping that
that's gonna work I know their
Republican leaders at the White House
tonight meeting with the president we
don't know what they're talking about
what one might hopes they're sending a
collective message to say don't do this
they may be I doubt they are there's
been nothing indicated and there
certainly hasn't been any public
inclination that the leadership or
caucus members and the whole are
prepared to actually go and press back
against the president on his desire to
fire rod roses Dean or Robert Muller we
hope that that counsel is being given to
him tonight but I doubt it is and and
the reason is they still looking you
know to their right and their left and
they're in their districts and seeing
themselves surrounded by those avid
supporters for Donald Trump and they
don't want that to blow back on them
they don't want those those voters not
to turn out this fall because they're
ticked off but again I go back to the
first point Ali there's a greater danger
here if you don't check
president's impulses that could damage
the party irreparably electoral II and
make the last couple of years of this
administration the toughest so I think
that there's a wise counsel all around
for the president tonight certainly from
a Rush Limbaugh and on the conservative
side and from members in leadership from
the political side that the president
should be paying attention to
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me
or click over on this list to see lots
of other great videos
