joining discussion now joy reid MSNBC
national correspondent in the host of a
enjoyed weekends here on MSNBC and also
with us jennifer rubin conservative
opinion writer for The Washington Post
and an MSNBC contributor and David Fromm
senior editor for the Atlantic and the
author of Trump Achra see the corruption
of the American Republic and so joy
there is this widely made observation
that if you get near Donald Trump if you
allow Donald Trump to have anything to
do with your future your future is
destroyed and there we see the the end
of paul ryan's congressional career yeah
Rick Wilson puts it everything Trump
touches dies I think that's is a sort of
all-purpose thing for look the reality
is is that I think you laid it out
perfectly there Lawrence because Paul
Ryan has been the ultimate triumph of
form over substance the Beltway media
adored Paul Ryan even though you know at
least eight years ago Paul Krugman
called him the flim-flam man his numbers
never add up it's all these I'd Randi
and ideas about ending a social safety
net he thinks it's some sort of moral
hazard to help the poor II will stay in
food stamps wants to privatize Medicare
I guess get rid of Medicaid privatize
part of Social Security has all these
ideas that are incredibly unpopular with
the American people but that have been
very popular with both political
journalists and Republicans elected
Republicans they saw him as sort of a
savior who could decouple
the average Americans devotion to the
New Deal in the Great Society this has
been the great project of Republicans at
least on the economic front is to
somehow get people to break from this
devotion to these New Deal era programs
Paul Ryan as soon as this young
wunderkind who can make that happen who
can sell a sort of chic new Alex peak
Heaton version of the American Life
where people would just break from it
and realize those things should go away
or they should at least be sharply
curtailed he never really knew how to do
that he was never actually a skilled
speaker and when it came to Donald Trump
he essentially behaved with nothing I
can't describe it with any other word
other than cowardice he wanted what he
wanted so badly his tax cuts for the
rich his tax cuts for corporations that
he was willing to let Donald Trump do
anything and he forgot that he he's
fourth in line to the presidency he runs
a co-equal branch of government people
who've been speaker have immense power
and wield it he always seemed like he
was Donald Trump's kid brother who
didn't know how to stand up to him in a
fight Jennifer Rubin
explain the Republicans in the House of
Representatives to me please let me tell
you what I mean when I worked in the
Senate on the Democratic side all of the
Democratic Chairman relished their power
they relished their power over the
president the president wanted to
something in their committee they always
made the president
bend the knee a little bit they also
relish their power over each other and
they fought for their jurisdictions and
so forth and so so was the case with
Democratic speakers of the House
Democratic Senate Majority Leader's all
that and so when I watched Paul Ryan
operate as Speaker I've just been amazed
that he seems to have not for one moment
considered using his powers over the
president but and instead just served
the president exactly I think he first
of all made a calculation that turned
out to be horribly wrong and that was
that he would get what he wanted while
he was supporting an unfit erratic
completely you know frankly unqualified
president that Donald Trump would have
enough discipline would have enough
sense of responsibility that he would
help Paul Ryan get what Paul Ryan wanted
and that was ridiculous because of
course Donald Trump is so unfit and so
erratic that he can't really see any
policy and there shoots through but the
second part I think more seriously is
this issue you know joy was saying that
his big dream was to decouple the
American people from the New Deal one of
his other great projects was to
recapture power for the Congress as
bizarre as that sounds yes he made all
kinds of white papers and announcements
about taking back power from the
executive branch which had been
delegated out by Congress Congress had
not stepped up to the plate had its
responsibilities and what did he do he
essentially assigned his entire job over
to the White House and that if anything
else I think will be the long-term
legacy of someone who came with the idea
that there was an imbalance in our
system presidents were too powerful the
people's house was the most responsible
the most democratic of our
branches of government and he frittered
it away and that is the great tragedy of
Paul Ryan and I think that plus of
course the enormous debt is what he's
going to be known for and I think he
leaves with not even apparently the guts
to do some important things on the way
out the door he's not even running for
reelection why does he get rid of Devin
Nunez now wouldn't that be fabulous but
he's too afraid even to do that so he
leaves
I think disrespected by people who used
to respect him and friendly with a fair
amount of contempt by Democrats David
Frum with Republican senators who have
announced like Jeff Flake that they're
not going to run free election they seem
free to say things that they otherwise
would not is there any chance of that
with Paul Ryan now well but why why
should he I mean you said early on that
Donald Trump has destroyed Paul Ryan and
of course there's a lot of truth that
it's also true that Paul Ryan has
destroyed Donald Trump
imagine if Donald Trump had as the 2017
version of Donald Trump had been the
same as the 2015 version and he had
joined to his nationalist program on
trade and immigration the big
infrastructure program he had sustained
the social Naif safety net as he said he
would he had opposed upper income tax
cuts all of which were not only demanded
by the country as a whole but by
actually most Republican primary voters
Donald Trump would today be in my
opinion I think a much more popular it
may be more dangerous president than he
is instead Donald Trump signed on to the
Ryan program he signed on to this
massively unpopular tax cut pretty hard
to be unpopular while cutting taxes but
that's happened he signed on to the
attempts to repeal to spend the first
half of his most powerful year in office
attempting to repeal Obamacare I'm Paul
it's a funny thing to think about but
Steve bannon's political instincts may
have been sharper than Paul Ryan's and
that it may be that if the Trump ship
goes down Paul Ryan will be the person
to put a hole in the bottom of it sure I
read a Republican source said today an
Axios this is going to make every
Republican donor believe the house can't
held absolutely I mean first of all for
a Speaker of the House to make himself a
lame duck with this much time left in
the year and then for you know Mitchell
Connell say we have much to do no you
have nothing to do you you are a lame
duck you have nothing more to do and if
you think about the fact that not only
is he abandoning ship he's abandoning
his seat right now the only real
challenger for his seat is an avowed
white nationalist named Paul nailing who
he would you know presumably want to do
something about but he's not even doing
anything about that he's probably also
lost the first District in Wisconsin to
the Democrats meaning Derek guys don't
need 23 seats they need 22 thanks to the
current Republican Speaker of the House
I mean I think that you know there's
nothing more you know I think it's
cowardly for any of them that say Paul
Donald wrote was terrible I'm leaving
I'm leaving instead of fighting him Paul
Ryan is essentially said Don Trump is
wonderful and I'm leaving and he is
signal to every Republican donor we are
definitely losing the house as I said in
December Paul Ryan needed to get out now
so that he could be cleansed of the
Trump stink and in his mid-50s in 2024
he can come back after the age of Trump
and run for president
not having been associated with the
final years of Trump we're gonna have to
squeeze in a break here everyone's gonna
stay in place
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
