an unusual story leading the news
tonight the Access Hollywood tape is
back because the FBI is probing at all
this putting pressure on Michael Cohen
and that pressure could be getting to
him I'll show you an AP report that says
Cohen's afraid he'll be the fall guy for
Donald Trump that's quite a quite a
phrase and Cohen's not alone in thinking
that there may be legal exposure I have
something new for you that we're
reporting right now for the first time
the lawyer who was his predecessor who
spent 15 years as the exclusive
litigator for Donald Trump his personal
attorney agrees we just caught up with
Jay Goldberg he did this until 2005
Cohen of course came in at 2006
and he represented Trump in some of the
most personal and important cases to him
real estate his own divorce matters and
I asked him about Michael Cohen he
believes that Muller's deputy Andrew
Weitzman is pursuing a bank fraud case
here and what they did here is is
probably Weitzman thought that the money
that Cohen had was secured for the banks
who alone in which he represented he was
using it for a different purpose now
that would be bank fraud that's how it's
the darling of the prosecutors nursery
youth do you think there's a case
against Michael Cohen for bank fraud
well I haven't seen the proof but I
think that the statute is so
all-inclusive that anybody who takes
money from the bank claiming that
they're going to use it for purpose a
and the in fact use it for purpose B is
a candidate for prosecution Michael
Cohen a candidate for prosecution the
statement from the man who was his
predecessor that's something else
entirely I want to bring in two former
federal prosecutors or not Omari
audience Seth Waxman as well as Hank
Shankar he's a New York political
strategist he knows Cohen and Trump and
do business consulting for Trump many
years ago Hank has a lot of what we call
juice so I'm gonna go to you in a second
but on the bank fraud question Renato
that's Jay Goldberg Donald Trump's
personal attorney talking about the man
who effectively replaced him and he said
I'm gonna read it to you quote that
would be bank fraud your reaction
well you know I prosecuted many bank
fraud cases and he's right that if you
make a false statement to a bank about
why you want to obtain money that is
that that looks a lot like bank fraud
what you also have to have of course is
the intent to defraud the bank you can't
just it's not just by mistake you you
check the wrong thing on the form or you
you write the wrong thing but it's you
actually you have to want omit you want
to mislead the bank and I will tell you
that was the first thing that came to
mind when I saw the reports
I think the Washington Post reported
yesterday re that bank fraud was one of
the crimes that was sought in the in the
search warrant and what it suggested to
me is you know garden-variety bank fraud
is where you attempt to obtain a loan
for an in for a purpose that's different
than you you stated to the bank so you
say for example to the bank I want that
I'm doing some home improvements I need
a home improvement loan and instead the
money's going to a former porn star for
example for example Seth let me play a
little more from J Goldberg because it's
it's really rare to hear someone who
held the job Michael Cohen did and
Donald Trump keeps the loyal is pretty
close but he also in his own way and a
careful I would say loyally way alluded
to the reputation of Michael Cohen in in
New York and legal circles
take a listen well I don't think that
Michael Cohen comes to trumps office
with some sterling record with a
background that's would be attractive to
me so I don't know whether he's ever
handled the litigation for Trump do you
think that Donald Trump made a mistake
in putting so much faith in Michael
Cohen well that remains to be seen Seth
does that remain to be seen well I think
it does I mean look Michael Cohen holds
himself out not really as a lawyer but
as he claims and what we know takes
pride in the fact that when people call
him ray Donovan that he is president
Trump's fixer that he's out there taking
care of problems whatever it needs to be
taking a bullet for him and you know
it's yet to be seen when he faces the
full pressure of the US Attorney's
Office as we're talking about now
possible bank fraud charges which have a
30-year
no penalty whether he will still stand
tall for mr. Trump take that bullet for
him or instead of being coming ray
Donovan turn into Henry hill and flip
and work with mr. Muller and put the
stones to the president in a way that
the president would clearly be
uncomfortable with Hank you know both
these men so you know them individually
and you know something of their
relationship to each other the
allegation here in what is a high bar to
raid the lawyer's office for the sitting
president is that there were federal
crimes do you think that Michael Cohen
could have crossed a line there in 2016
Michael Cohen is and this is not a
partisan vein that I'm saying this he's
a very loyal fellow he serves his
principle well I'm not competent to
judge about whether they were crimes
committed or not if you're saying will
he stand up he's going to stand up as
long as he can and that's his nature and
that's the nature of their relationship
what is the nature of their relationship
I mean is it a business relationship or
something more well Michael Cohen and I
briefly talked about this some years
back he has a very strong connection to
mr. Trump it's one that he doesn't walk
away from and one that he's not on proud
of and what do you think it comes from
there are people in this world in New
York who say that Michael feels that he
went so much farther in life than he
then he thought he would because of one
man Donald Trump that's the case it's
very much a New York story look I've
worked all over the world but there's
one thing that holds true when you get
out of New York people don't view
loyalty in the same way as they do here
it is a quality that people expect and
demand and from which you could rise
from the lowest point to the highest how
about that Seth you're our Washington
prosecutor there ain't no loyalty in
your town no no it's I think it's the
same I mean I will tell you having
flipped dozens and dozens of people when
I was a federal prosecutor when those
kinds of crimes are put in front of a
potential defendant or a defendant where
there are 30-year offenses and someone
could be joined to jail for the better
part of ten or twelve years missing
their kids upbringing you know being
taken away from their families your life
Joe :
yeah loyalty is good to only a certain
extent I've had mothers flip against
daughters CEOs flip against CFOs I mean
it you know it is a different situation
and when
Seth I would say the mother-daughter
link is a little stronger than the CEO
CFO link well that's seen at all I've
seen it all I can't believe my
accountant wants to go home and see his
kid I can't Renato I turned to you
though and go to the point about
flipping Andrew Weissman who is not a
household name but is one of the key
aggressive prosecutors that worked under
Muller and the Enron task force now
works for him again in this case did
flip people did go after family did go
after spouses it was striking to me that
Jay Goldberg who told me he still speaks
to Donald Trump by phone went right to
the Andrew Weissman card what does that
tell you well I will tell you there is a
lot of speculation that Weitzman's gonna
flip : I I gotta tell you I'm a skeptic
I'll believe it when I see it just
because Donald Trump has the pardon
power uh-huh and I imagine that Cohen
feels pretty confident he's going to get
that unless there's a state offense
involved that Trump can't can't can't
pardon but I do think Trump needs to be
concerned about something else which is
that communications between him and
Cohen war retrieved in this search
warrant and that means that whatever him
and Cohen were talking about potentially
about the access hollywood tape or
something else was that is the part of
the subject of this federal
investigation and that has to be make
Trump and his camp yeah and I raised
that with a member of Congress this week
Hank because if you care about these
rules in the Constitution you care about
them whether they help or hurt your the
people you happen to like and there's
certainly an issue around the potential
violation of anyone's protected rights
let alone the president so I think
that's a big question hanging over the
FBI in New York I think it's pretty
serious I suspect they're gonna gonna
feel they need to be pretty careful when
you look at the road ahead as if your
political whiz as you are is this
politics as usual and everything Cohen
did in 2016 or does this feel like what
happens when people who are used to as
you put it to new york way come in and
try to apply that and what is a
regulated field which is the pursuit of
federal power in America
anybody can predict what's going to
happen here and it could predict
politics really needs to have be
hospitalized right away because it's not
clear what is clear is Michael
who rose and by your own words firing
just a few months ago who rose from
nothing to be something is he going to
give that up to prosecutors or he's
gonna walk that line and say drop dead
strong let her to follow his previous
behavior has been dropped dead strong
letter to follow there's an argument he
made that that's a very personal
decision he's gonna have to make what
does it mean about our politics it means
that guys who want to stand up may be
more reluctant the future means more
maybe it means that people who do that
I'm gonna do that even more so yeah well
maybe people should run campaigns in a
way that doesn't have the FBI probing
what you did in October 2016
absolutely Acula to get a judge to
approve this again I don't I don't
presuppose where the case goes I just
report on it but I can tell you if a
judge approved this this raid there's
some stuff they found into that relate
stock to over 2016 hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
