but China is lashing out at the US this
morning in direct response to some
scathing comments by Vice President Mike
Pence the vice president blasted the
Asian nation Thursday during a speech at
Washington's Hudson Institute doubling
down on president Trump's accusations
last week of Chinese interference in
America's political system including in
the upcoming midterms watch this Beijing
is employing a whole-of-government
approach to advance its influence and
benefit its interests it's employing
this power in more proactive and
coercive ways to interfere in the
domestic policies of this country and
interfere in the politics of the United
States all right so the comments come
ahead of a new Pentagon led report set
to be released today calling China a
quote growing risk to the US defense
industry joining me now is David
Rothkopf visiting scholar at the
Carnegie Endowment for international
peace great to have you with with us
David let me first off by getting your
reaction to China's response they're
obviously calling the vice president's
comments quote unwarranted and creating
something out of thin air how do you
explain the sudden pivot and shift in
this administration's policy towards
China well I you know I think there's a
couple of reasons first of all the
administration is ratcheting up pressure
on China on trade and I think they're
looking for cover for that and you know
it's been a bad week for the us-china
relationship we've been rightly
attending to the cabin eye issue because
it's a big issue here at home but in the
most important bilateral relationship in
the world the United States has seen
u.s. naval vessels have problems with
Chinese naval vessels in the South China
Sea this week secretary mattis has had
to cancel meetings with the Chinese this
week because they weren't going to meet
with him Larry Kudlow yesterday at the
Washington Economic Club said we are
going to be turning up the heat in terms
of trade I think the administration for
a variety of reasons including the
election want to make China bogeymen but
I think there's another reason and I
think we shouldn't lose sight of it by
saying that China is meddling in the
election they're distracting from the
fact that the real country that
meddling in the election the one that
the intelligence community thinks is
meddling in the election is Russia and
of course Russian meddling in the
election is a big problem for Trump with
Muller out there and they're doing
everything they can to distract from it
if I may say one more thing on this
while the vice president Pence is making
these assertions the day before his
Secretary of Homeland Security said no
China's not really meddling in the
election and the intelligence community
doesn't seem to think they're doing it
and there doesn't seem to be much
evidence that they're doing anything
like what Russia has been doing so I see
this as a bit of a distraction
so David vice president Penn says that
China wants a different u.s. president
here's why when it comes to influencing
the midterms you need only look at
Beijing's tariffs in response to ours
the tariffs imposed by China to date
specifically targeted industries and
states that would play an important role
in the 2018 elections by one estimate
more than eighty percent of US counties
targeted by China voted for President
Trump and I in 2016
now China wants to turn these voters
against our administration all right so
you heard him there he's saying China
wants to turn these voters against the
administration how do you interpret this
in terms of what he in terms of the
accusation that he was making that China
wants to essentially for more or less
vote this president out of office well
you know I mean I think the the
professional foreign policy response to
that is duh I mean that's the way
government's actually work right the
Europeans when we were imposing trade
pressure on them said okay we're gonna
go after bourbon and we're gonna go
after Harley Davidsons because they know
that that's pressure on Mitch McConnell
and it's pressure on Paul Ryan the
Chinese are doing exactly what any other
country would do and after all it's not
just Chinese tariffs on us it's us
launching a trade war against them
their defense is somewhat stronger since
we simultaneously have done that with
the Europeans we did it with our North
American partners we've done it with
steel industry we've done it with the
aluminum industry we are the ones that
are on the offensive right now on the
trade war front yes oh it always makes
sense from their perspective to want a
different administration let me switch
gears for a moment Dave and ask you
about this Reuters report they have seen
a copy of a hundred fifty page Pentagon
led report that is due out later today
it says that China represents a quote
significant and growing risk to the
supply of materials vital to the US
military what is your reaction to that
are we as an American government and by
extension the military vulnerable to
Chinese supplies especially in you know
information technology that could really
impact how the military operates and
more importantly the relationship
between the US and China well of course
there's different parts of the world
develop capabilities particularly in the
areas of technology and they become
leaders in that area that does create
vulnerabilities for us it's not just
China you know a lot of chips are
produced in Taiwan certain other
technologies are produced elsewhere but
having said that as the Chinese economy
grows we are going to have to be careful
that they don't corner the market and
any technology or that they don't embed
devices within their own technologies
that may enable them to have an
advantage later on there was a story
yesterday about an allegation that tiny
chips were placed in American Apple
products and other products now I'm not
so sure whether that story is going to
bear out but it's certainly the kind of
thing that we need to keep an eye on
yeah what a departure from the president
referring to President Xi of China as
you know close friend and somebody that
he really enjoyed his time with to now
seeing this administration accusing
China of trying to undermine this very
administration Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
