I want you to ask you about the
president and your concerns about his
state of mind he has a lawyer's office
now with a who can imagine what's coming
out of that gates of hell everything
involved the women have made claims
complaints against him he's that legal
action with everything to do with Access
Hollywood
apparently the connection that Michael
Cohen had with his Russian dealings for
the Russians and paying back the
Russians
it looks like Cohen's getting squeezed
and once again Trump is the target let's
understand first the magnitude of this
in effect nuclear strike on Michael
Cohen it's the equivalent of a nuclear
strike with multiple warheads against
him and now the length possibly to the
present in those conversations that may
have occurred there had to be evidence
of a crime and the danger of destruction
of that evidence by Michael Cohen
in other words obstruction of justice
what is Robert Muller investigating with
respect to Donald Trump obstruction of
justice as well as the Russian collusion
and so the link between these two
investigations is becoming more apparent
leading to the president's internal
upheaval clearly he is in inner turmoil
and these rants and diatribes
denunciations of the Department of
Justice and the special counsel and rod
Rosenstein indicate a growing threat to
the Special Counsel do you believe the
president will act in fire Rosenstein
and or more is a growing chance that the
president will again tragically for his
presidency obstruct justice by firing
rod Rosenstein and clearly the firing of
robert muller would be obstruction of
justice I think that that growing threat
is what's leading my Republican
colleagues now to support legislation
that would protect this better it takes
two-thirds of the United States Senate
of which you are a member to remove a
president from office would that put if
the president would fire these
individuals especially moer would that
jeopardize his situation remaining
president it would certainly jeopardize
his presence he would put it in grave
danger but more to the immediate point
it would put our democracy in turmoil
and potentially in danger it just as the
Saturday night Mac massacre under Nixon
did so and that's the reason that we
want to forestall that threat which
would be a constitutional conflagration
and certainly damaging to our image
abroad as well as well the situation is
clearly precarious for our countries as
well because Trump is president nine
states and he is our commander in chief
a Peter Baker you've written many times
for the front page of the New York Times
putting the big picture together what is
the big picture tonight that combines
trumps vulnerability his possible
explosion where you could just erupt and
say I'm going to fire all these people
Constitution we're not at the same time
he's facing a very tricky situation how
to respond to the use of chemical
weapons by Syria and how to respond to
the threat from Russia's a serious
partner in ally Russia that they would
take their side if we go to retaliate
yeah exactly now Chris you remember in
1998 when President Bill Clinton was in
a somewhat similar position he was under
pressure from the Independent Counsel
investigating whether he had lied under
oath about Monica Lewinsky at the same
time he launched strikes against
al-qaida in Afghanistan and Sudan later
in the year he launched strikes against
Iraq so presidents have to be able to
still conduct foreign policy sometimes
even launch military operations at the
same time they're under pressure
domestically at home sometimes over
scandals that have them pretty upset but
you see here a situation where President
is in fact you know pretty volatile in
his reactions and whether he's able to
compartmentalize whether he's able to
sort of separate these events and treat
them with the seriousness that they
deserve that's the open question well
Bill Clinton was whatever what people
can think of him and he's he's obviously
like most political figures in recent
history a mixed bag he was able to
compartmentalize he could give a speech
on health care without the prompter
containing the speech it would be in
fact he's able to do it with the wrong
speech and the teleprompter that that
shows a certain amount of amazing
statement state-of-the-art mental
equipment does this president have
evidence shown evidence to you Peter
Baker that he's capable of that kind of
separation of his true duties as
commander in chief
his political situation well he seems to
marinate in his frustrations and his
aggravation over this particular
investigation and at any lets it it lets
it come out in a way that Bill Clinton
tried not to and other presidents who
were under pressure from investigations
tried not to president up isn't mine in
fact sharing his outrage over what he
sees as a witch-hunt
willed the world and he and he lashes
out he's flailing to some extent and
heats and he's thinking about taking
action that previous presidents wouldn't
have taken in this circumstance since
Nixon anyway most presidents would have
thought it almost unthinkable to
consider firing either a Deputy Attorney
General much less a Special Counsel in a
similar circumstance because of the
reasons the senator just outlined it
would be a political eruption in the
hill it would it would in fact
jeopardize his presidency in a lot of
ways so we've seen over the last 15
months or so a president who's willing
to do things that other presidents
haven't done and this is a real test
he's come up several times before and
suggested to aides he was ready to dump
Robert mole or push him out and his
investigation only to be talked out of
it the question is whether or not he
goes forward at this point actually your
paper and you especially with a few
other people have been amazing and
getting close to the president figuring
out what he's up to does he know that
every move he makes right now especially
with the use of military weaponry those
missiles he talks about being nice and
smart and all that if he uses them that
will be suspect that he does does he
know that he's under suspicion that he
might be wagging the dog I will say that
people in the White House sort of
outright dismissed the wag the dog
theory and and their argument is that on
something as serious as what to do with
Syria and launching possible airstrikes
that there has been a very deliberative
process in place you know from the
National Security Council principals
committee meetings this week to smaller
briefings for the president and I will
say my reporting shows that the White
House has largely been focused on an
orderly methodical process at least in
perhaps only when it comes to Syria that
said the president tweet this morning
sort of threatening Russia and talking
about the u.s. smart missiles that may
reign
down caught everyone the Pentagon has Oh
needs his own advisors totally by
surprise and they sort of had to
scramble to figure out how to respond so
even within something as serious as this
and a process they are really working to
be disciplined on because they do
understand the stakes
especially those around the president
something like an impulsive early
morning tweet will still occur as we saw
and can sort of throw everything into
chaos or doubt at least for several
hours this is a strange time and you
cannot satirize it you're my age pretty
much I have to say I've never see
anything like this a couple of things
you got the Access Hollywood thing which
networks and us included love to play it
over and over again it's a it's fun to
air it is it's such an amazing where
he's saying these horrible things
embarrassing things that cost Billy
Bush's job but not him doing the whole
thing here for the show and at the same
time you've got in talking an almost a
caressing language about my nice smart
missiles
I mean it's strange senator to here well
you see the whole thing it's all on
television except the words the
president used he's talking back to the
Russians who if nothing else our
Marshall in their use of weapon that's
all they got is a gas station in an
arsenal and he's saying well we've got
nicer smarter missiles than you and he
is in effect telegraphing in a way that
he said he never would criticize other
presidents for doing what the military
moves maybe he is sitting with his
generals and using that time which
should be devoted to talk about the
Syrian threat to denounce the Department
of Justice and call a raid in New York
on its lawyer a disgrace to the nation
it is beyond strange and embarrassing it
actually undermines the credibility of
the United States of America abroad and
the office of presidency is so
diminished as a result hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
