from the New York Times when FBI agents
raided the hotel room and office of
Michael Cohen Donald Trump's personal
lawyer they were looking for records
related to the Access Hollywood tapes
the ones on which Donald Trump is heard
uttering vulgarities I want to bring
Michael Schmidt in from the New York
Times who has just written this piece
with Maggie Haberman and Michael and
Matt Apuzzo Michael thanks for joining
us on this what is this news all about
why were they apparently looking for
these things related to this tape
what they were looking for were efforts
by Michael Cohen to suppress negative
stories on President Trump in the run-up
to the campaign obviously the Access
Hollywood video was one of those things
up until this point I don't believe we
had known anything related to whether
Trump folks knew about this video but
this seems to lead leads us to believe
that there is some reasonable cause to
think that Michael Cohen knew about it
was trying to do something to suppress
it tell me the connection that the the
FBI or the the the Southern District of
New York the US Attorney for the
Southern District of New York would make
between what Michael Cole was trying to
do if he was trying to suppress
information and what federal laws might
be broken
well it would be he would be there be
lots of legal questions if Michael Kahn
was out there with cash trying to pay
people to be quiet before the election
that is problematic and that would get
into campaign finance laws and graze all
sorts a question to how money outside
the campaign finance system was being
used to benefit Donald Trump now the
other thing that I wanted to point out
about our story is that they were also
looking for other non-disclosure
agreements these secret arrangements
that that Michael Cohen is said to have
made for these women whom alleged
relationship adoption with other women
so this was a very broad demand that was
in a search warrant we have to remember
to get a search warrant you need a judge
to approve it that's a pretty high bar
and for the Justice Department to go to
such a level on the president's lawyer
certain
shows that they had some real reason to
believe there was some there there so
it's not just because the president will
obviously not be happy about the fact
that this has to do with his personal
life this is well beyond the idea of an
allegation of an affair with the
president this has got more to do with
the fact that were monies paid that
would have otherwise had they not been
paid the stories released would have had
an influence on the electorate
correct correct this is money being used
in a fitted candidate by his personal
lawyer / fixer in the run-up to the
election what were these payments what
were they about what was he trying to do
the surprising thing here is that and
then the narrative of the Access
Hollywood video I believe that Donald
Trump did not even remember this and it
caught the whole Trump organization by
surprise so why is it that these
prosecutors are now looking for those
documents interesting line at the end of
the story that you've written it says
although he has said for months that he
wanted to be questioned by mr. Muller
his stance this is the president his
stance has changed since Monday and the
prospect of him willingly being
questioned is far less likely according
to two people briefed on the matter is
that because of these new developments
because of the raid on his personal
lawyer's office that the president
somehow feels that his cooperation with
Muller is now not appropriate the
president has believed for several
months and he had said he wants to sit
down with smaller but his feelings on
that have changed I deeply skeptical of
what Hilary's up to he is now listening
to his lawyers who think nothing could
to come out of it this is a change in
stance from Trump before who had gone
out publicly and said oh yeah I want to
sit down with Muller
I think he's going to treat me fairly
we're entering a new phase of that
relationship Michael is an interesting
question here because if Michael Cohen
is thought by federal authorities to
have had some role as Donald Trump's
personal lawyer as his fixer in
suppressing information that would be
damaging to Donald Trump while running
for president from a from the
perspective of the Russia investigation
none of that may have anything to do
with Russia correct
and that is why Lee says everyone's
reporting has shown that this was not
done by the
this was done by prosecutors in New York
rod Rosen signed the Deputy Attorney
General who's overseeing all this farm
this out to that prosecutor's office to
do keeping it away from Muller's we
don't know of any connection at this
point between the two of them this is a
separate matter a separate investigation
Michael thanks for your reporting on
this this is breaking news from the New
York Times that the FBI was looking for
records related to among other things
this Access Hollywood tape and whether
Michael Cohen may have any had any role
in trying to suppress the release of
that tape Michael Schmitt one of the
authors of this breaking news story from
the New York Times
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
