and broadly speaking we have heard most
Republicans say they didn't think they
needed to have some legislation here to
protect robert muller but that appears
to be changing let's put up on the
screen if we can how there's a merging
of a to sort of proposals that exist
right now in fact their bipartisan one
of them between Cory Booker and Thom
Tillis of North Carolina Tillis being
the Republican separately Chris Coons
and Lindsey Graham these bills being
merged what would be called the special
council independence and integrity act
the special council / this effort would
only be fired for good cause could only
be fired for good cause in writing by a
senior Justice Department official not
by the president right of course the
president could fire the people like rod
Rosenstein at the DOJ right now
separately it would create this ten day
window for the special council to seek
expedited judicial review of removal to
determine good cause basically you can't
just say it's good cause you gotta be
able to prove that this was done for
good cause and finally staffing
documents and materials of investigation
would be preserved while that review is
pending the reason that's important is
because if the president has any sense
that hey if I just fire Moeller this
whole thing ends and we all go home then
he's wrong this would be a way to sort
of calcify some of that information some
of the investigatory work that's already
happened into a place that it doesn't
just disappear hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
