I believe he has the power of fire
special counsel robert muller as he
believed that's within his power
certainly believes he has the power to
do so they told me I've asked they said
that his garage was assigned overseas
special counseling only he has the power
to fire the special counsel again we've
been advised that the president
certainly has the power to make that
decision I can't go anything beyond that
the press secretary saying the White
House has been advised that Donald Trump
has the power to fire Bob Muller and the
president is no longer denying that he's
considered doing just that but the
question remains can he and what would
the fallout look like from Republicans
who have been reluctant to stand up to
the President on anything joining the
conversation now is Mimi Roca former
assistant US attorney for the Southern
District of New York
now with pace University School of Law
Jeremy Bash is also still with us Jeremy
I'm gonna start with you because you and
I started this conversation at four
o'clock you do not think that the
regulations permit for the President to
fire a special counsel well the
regulations make clear that the removal
of the special counsel can only be
accomplished by the Attorney General in
this case the Attorney General is rot
Rosenstein acting in the in the shoes of
Jeff Sessions however since four o'clock
I've been talking with some legal work I
did there is there is some school of
thought that says that because it's a
regulation and not a statute the
president could actually overturn a
regulation he could set in motion
basically a way to deregulate that
regulation overturning it an issue using
his executive authorities a new
regulation that essentially says that
the president and only the president can
remove any special counsel so this could
be litigated this could be tossed around
ultimately I think it could go to the
course and maybe even Congress let me
ask you a broader question about the
blow that it might represent to our
understanding of the rule of law and to
the norms of the Justice Department it
is no secret to anyone who follows the
President on Twitter that he is in a hot
war against his own political appointees
at the Justice Department his own
political appointees at the FBI and now
you know the US Attorney's Office in the
Southern District where me used to work
at least its interim US attorney the
person he's selected to be confirmed to
run that office is also someone
handpicked by this president Thank You
Nicole it's a great point and we should
never lose sight of the fact that this
isn't merely a president trying to test
the limits of his power under the
Constitution to issue regulations he's
trying to shut down an investigation of
his own illegal conduct he wants to get
rid of somebody who he believes is gonna
call him on the carpet for doing the
worst thing a president can do which is
work with an adversary to undermine
American democracy so this is no mere
deregulation effort by a president I'm
looking to limit government this is much
much bigger probably the biggest thing
we've seen in our history with the
second worst thing the obstruction of
justice could it also be viewed as
obstructing justice it could be and
again it's question is whether it's in
within the president's power to actually
fire someone in the Justice Department
investigating a matter but I think
there's no question that if obstruction
is part of the thing that Congress
ultimately considers on articles of
impeachment or removal from office this
whole episode is gonna be right at the
hot molten core of that inquiry so we
are talking about the president talking
about firing Bob Muller based on
something that Muller didn't do Bob
Muller in my view to protect the
integrity of his investigation and to I
think illustrate that its scope is
focused on what Jeremy just talked about
collusion with Russia and potential
obstruction of justice
simply did what you do with evidence
right you refer it to a US Attorney's
Office can you speak to how vast the
amount of possible crimes or sort of the
the legal liabilities are for all of the
people in the president's orbit that you
know have not just a special counsels
investigation that enrages the president
but you now have the US Attorney's
Office in the Southern District with a
completely separate set of issues and
potential crimes they're investigating
yeah this is a big deal to call as
you're alluding to you have the Southern
District in Southern District of New
York which is one of the you know
preeminent and I'm not saying that just
because I work there preeminent US
Attorneys offices in the country
it's known for bringing very complicated
comparison case aggressive in all cases
against exactly all sorts of people
whether it be terrorism drug dealers
organized crime cases and public
corruption cases and guess what those
public corruption cases have been
brought against Democrats having brought
against Republicans it's not about whose
party they're in it's about what crimes
they've committed and it's not just the
US Attorney's Office my understanding
from the reporting and this makes sense
given what I know about the US
Attorney's Office is that the public
corruption squad from the FBI in New
York is working on this case with the US
Attorney's Office as they they would
normally what does that mean about what
they seized and what they were looking
for in Michael Cohen's home in his
offices well that's a very perceptive
question because you know for most
lawyers cases against I mean I did
several cases against lawyers and worked
on investigations of lawyers who were
not the president's lawyer who were not
affiliated with any public officials and
we most often would not have had the
public corruption squad working on those
cases it would have been a separate like
white-collar type of squad more
generally so you know is is is this
designated in the public corruption area
because this is a lawyer who is part of
you know affiliated with a very public
figure namely the president or is it in
the public corruption squad because they
think this might ultimately lead to the
president probably both could be both
could be that the answer to your other
question about the range of crimes and
what this means I mean I think we don't
know yet obviously what we do know is
that to get the search warrant they
would have had to list specific crimes
you can't just say I'm looking for
evidence of any crime you have to say
I'm looking for evidence of these
specific crimes these statutes and
here's why I think there's evidence of
those crimes in these places once you go
in and you get the evidence though it's
not like you can only look for evidence
of those crimes if it's right in front
of your face you know your investigation
expands that way kind of naturally and
my guess is that's what would happen
is whatever the enumerated crimes are
once they start looking there's going to
be evidence of other crimes
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
