so our big news tonight is that we have
obtained what we believe is a copy of
the handwritten notes that Justice
Department official Dana Bente took on
March 30th 2017 when he got a phone call
that day from FBI director James Comey
on that date
Dana Bente was the Acting Deputy
Attorney General of the United States
Attorney General jeff Sessions was
recused from overseeing the Russia
investigation and so Dana Bente on that
date was in charge of overseeing all
strands of the FBI investigation into
the Russia matter now Special Counsel
Robert Muller had not yet been appointed
that wouldn't happen until several weeks
later after FBI director James Comey was
fired so on the occasion of this call
from which we have photocopies of the
handwritten notes you should know that
Comey was still FBI director and he was
phoning Bente to report what had just
happened between him and the president
Comey would later explain to Congress
that he took notes himself on this
interaction with the President and
others and he briefed other senior
officials senior law enforcement
officials about this interaction with
the President and others because he
believed those interactions were for
lack of a better turn a lock or better
turn of phrase sort of important and
unusual he wanted to make sure there was
a record of those interactions now the
president would later denounce James
Comey as a liar saying that his accounts
of his interactions with the president
were not true but now for the first time
we can compare commis public statements
about what he says the President did we
can compare those public statements with
the notes taken by someone who Comey
briefed about it that same day all right
you can see the heading here first its
marked top secret and then that is
crossed out and the cross out is
initialed by the head of the
counterintelligence division at the FBI
who also provided what amounts to a
cover letter to these notes explaining
that this top-secret stamp was basically
a fixed in error and that these notes
are not in fact classified then here's
the top line of the notes Comey
March 30th 2017 813 a.m. the handwriting
here is a little sketchy we believe this
to be dana bent
handwriting and then it says here in the
notes cloud as a result of Russia
business this makes running the country
difficult that's in been tazed
handwritten notes as what Comey
described the President as saying to him
to James Comey compare that with what
James Comey himself describes publicly
about that interaction with the
president you described two phone calls
that you received from President Trump
one on March 30 and one on April 11
where he quote described the Russia
investigation as a cloud that was
impairing his ability end quote as
president and asked you quote to lift
the cloud end quote
what how did you interpret that and what
did you believe he wanted you to do I
interpreted that as he was frustrated
that the Russia investigation was taking
up so much time and energy I think he
meant of the executive branch but in the
in the public square in general and it
was making it difficult for him to focus
on other priorities of his so Comey
tells Congress that the Russia business
was a cloud that the president believed
was impairing his ability as president
that's what he said to Congress out loud
Comey explains that the same way to Dana
Bente according to these notes quote
cloud as a result of Russia business
this makes running the country difficult
so that very closely tracks is public
testimony with what he apparently told
Dana Bente that day here's more from
commis written testimony to Congress
that day on the morning of March 30th
the president called me at the FBI he
described the Russian investigation as a
cloud that was impairing his ability to
act on behalf of the country he said he
had nothing to do with Russia he had not
been involved with hookers in Russia he
had always assumed he was being recorded
when in Russia he asked what he could do
to lift the cloud I responded that we
were investigating the matter as quickly
as we could and that there would be a
great there would be great benefit if we
didn't find anything to our having done
the work
the president agreed but then re
emphasize the problems this was causing
him that is what James Comey testified
in his written testimony to Congress
from these notes we have just obtained
it appears that is exactly what he told
Dana Bente the president said to from
ventes notes quote what can I do to
relieve the cloud kept coming back to it
making it hard to do business for the
country we will do the work well again
commis testimony to Congress about the
president's called him on March 30th
about the Russia investigation closely
tracking including exact phrases closely
tracking what these notes say he told
Dana Bente about the president's call
I've got two more actually and for this
this second to last one let's let's go
back to that Comey exchange with
Feinstein so there'll be a little
overlap here and the tape II just saw
but watch this to the end you described
two phone calls that you received from
President Trump one on March 30 and one
on April 11 where he quote described the
Russia investigation as a cloud that was
impairing his ability end quote as
president and asked you quote to lift
the cloud end quote
what how did you interpret that and what
did you believe he wanted you to do I
interpreted that as he was frustrated
that the Russia investigation was taking
up so much time and energy I think he
meant of the executive branch but in the
in the public square in general and it
was making it difficult for him to focus
on other priorities of his but what he
asked me was actually narrower than that
so I think what he meant by the cloud
and again I could be wrong but what I
think he meant by the cloud was the
entire investigation is is taking up
oxygen and making it hard for me to
focus on the things I want to focus on
the ask was to get it out that I the
president of not personally under
investigation
the ask was to get it out that I the
president am NOT personally under
investigation
that's what Comey told Congress
about the president specific request to
him and that call on March 30th 2017
here's what Comey apparently told Bente
that same day so there would be a
corroborating witness to this ask from
the president from been tazed notes
quote reminded him
we are not investigating you that would
be great to get out so Comey tells
Congress what the president asked him to
do was make a public statement
announcing the president wasn't wasn't
under investigation Comey apparently
used that same description when he
called Dana Bente that day to brief him
on the president's behavior all right
last one part of the obstruction of
justice concern here is that the
president shouldn't have been calling
James Comey anyway shouldn't have been
making this direct call to the FBI
director about an ongoing investigation
the president shouldn't be having
one-on-one solo communication with the
FBI director about matters actively
under investigation now Comey explained
to Congress that according to the rules
he shouldn't be talking to the president
about this stuff alone at all did you go
to anyone at the Department of Justice
and ask them to call the White House
counsel's office and explain that the
president had to have a far better
understanding and appreciation of his
role visa be the FBI in general I did I
spoke to the Attorney General and I
spoke to the new Deputy Attorney General
mr. Rosenstein when he took office and
explained my serious concern about the
way in which the president is
interacting especially with the FBI and
I specifically as I said in my testimony
I asked the told the Attorney General it
can't happen that you get kicked out of
the room and the president talks to me
told the Attorney General it can't
happen that you get tucked kicked out of
the room and the president talks to me
and I can't be having these
conversations with the president alone
so that's that's what Comey told
Congress he says he left the Justice
Department no he left the Attorney
General no it can't be that the Attorney
General gets kicked out of the room and
the president talks to the FBI director
alone can't happen
that's what Comey says to Congress about
what his conversations were like on this
subject
well it turns out the notes we have
obtained indicate that he told Dana
Bente that same thing quote told AG
before his recusal I cannot be speaking
with the president alone so the FBI
director James Comey told Congress about
his basically strange interactions with
the President on the Russia
investigation he says he had these
interactions with the president that
about we're about the Russia
investigation that were strange and then
the president fired him president later
told visiting Russian officials in the
Oval Office and he told Lester Holt on
NBC News that the firing of James Comey
did have to do with the Russia
investigation the president just
yesterday made public claims that firing
James Comey was the right thing to do
the president has spent the last year
denouncing James Comey as a liar saying
he's somebody who lied publicly about
his interactions with the president
before he was fired by the president
well these notes which we believe are
Dana been tazed first-hand handwritten
notes from his conversation with Comey
after that March thirtieth call this is
the first contemporaneous evidence that
we the public have seen of what James
Comey told other public officials at the
time about the president's behavior and
as best as we can tell it absolutely
matches his public statements about the
president's behavior now we have a few
other documents that we have obtained
that we are still reporting out this is
what we've got so far I should tell you
we have reached out to the Justice
Department no comment we've reached out
to the FBI no comment we've reached up
to James Comey no comment Dana Ben Tate
no comment but we're working on changing
as much of those as we can stay with us
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
