the person in Washington who's perhaps
happiest that President Trump's personal
lawyer was rated by the FBI is the
astoundingly corrupt head of the EPA oil
and gas industry favorite Scott Pruett
who has seen his string of cartoonishly
over-the-top ethical violations fade
from the headlines so let me bring you
up to speed
we'll begin with Pruitt's first-class
travel in the public dime which Pruett
justifies by saying he can't fly coach
because he gets too many security
threats the same defense he uses for his
24/7 security detail which is composed
of at least 18 18 full-time agents today
two Senate Democrats said the Secret
Service has not identified a single
threat to justify Pruitt's lavish travel
and security detail and additionally
that an internal EPA report disputes the
administrators claims that the nature of
the threats against him justify his
expenditures that of course totally
undermines Pruitt's justification for
all his spending but instead of
addressing the issue the EPA responded
by reportedly removing the career
staffer who had okayed that report and
this fits a pattern last week New York
Times reported that at least five EPA
officials were sidelined over the past
year after questioning Pruitt in another
corner of the Pruitt scandal universes
the news that Pruitt bypassed the White
House to give big raises to two of his
favorite aids aids that Pruitt brought
with him from Oklahoma where he'd
repeatedly sued the EPA as Attorney
General and in a frankly disastrous
interview on Trump TV last week Pruitt
claimed he'd known nothing about those
raises if you're committed to the
trumpeters agenda why did you go around
the president in the White House to give
pay raises to two staffers I did not my
staff did and I found out about that
yesterday and I changed it to be fired
from that it should not have been done
in a minute maybe there would be some
accountability career person or
political person I don't know I don't
know you don't know who does find out
about this yesterday and I corrected the
action okay so I didn't do it staff did
it and I found out about yesterday
well sure looks like that was live and
Pruitt has been caught red-handed
because yesterday the Atlantic reported
that one of those aides the one who got
the Ray is one of the two had written an
email to HR in which he quote
definitively stated that Pruitt approves
and was supportive of her getting a
raise and despite these ballooning scam
and we didn't even get into the
sweetheart deal the pro got to live in a
lobbyists condo which could pretty
continue to play out
Trump has stood by his EPA chief who one
imagines is now hoping everyone gets
distracted by today's headlines and
forget all about his cascade of ethical
lapses but those ethical lapses are not
going anywhere and something tells me
there will be more stories about Scott
Pruett to come
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
