the other top story tonight our special
report on the FBI striking farther
inside Donald Trump's inner circle than
it ever has before
raiding the offices of Trump's longtime
personal lawyer Michael Cohen and
setting the White House on edge with
Donald Trump casting the lawful raid as
some kind of break-in so I just heard
that they broke into the office of one
of my personal attorneys good man and
it's a disgraceful situation it's a
total witch hunt if there's a hunt here
we know who's leading it under Justice
Department Rules searching a lawyer's
office is such a big deal it has to be
signed off at the highest levels and
that's not all in addition to that there
are those special rules we've talked
about for Bob Muller and they provide
that his boss rod Rosen sign has to
approve anything that goes beyond
Mulder's original portfolio and after
all that then prosecutors have to of
course convince a judge that the whole
thing is a reasonable search so each of
those boxes were checked before anyone
kicked in Michael Cohen's door if there
is a hunt that means it's a hunt led by
a Republican Trump appointee and
approved by an independent judge now to
the context of just how aggressive this
move is consider that in the entire
Muller probe you see here they've been
all these interviews and evidence
requests or subpoenas for dozens of
peoples and company people and companies
but then you look on the right and that
is the only raids we've seen the only
two raids we know about are on Michael
Cohen yesterday and Paul Manafort while
Cohen is of course presumed innocent he
hasn't been charged this kind of raid is
both scary and typically a bad legal
sign it was a surprise pre-dawn raid on
Paul Manafort portably waking him up
knocking on his bedroom door does the
first FBI raid we've learned of in the
Trump Russia investigation a federal
judge had to find cause that there was
evidence of a crime in Manafort Hall
they didn't trust man afford not to
destroy materials trust than criminal
evidence remember those are the reasons
that the FBI resorts to this kind of
raid so this news that we're all still
processing just one day
do it it's all about suspicions against
Cohen the target of the raid it's not
about whether the feds are being mean or
unfair although that is how Trump has
cast any raids on his aides I thought
that was a very pretty tough stuff mr.
president to wake him up perhaps his
family was there I think that's pretty
tough stuff they do that very seldom so
I was surprised to see it I was very
very surprised to see it now it is
seldom done because the FBI has
generally found that even the companies
or people who have some kind of criminal
exposure when they get caught up in a
probe they tend to comply with evidence
requests now when the FBI has evidence
of an ongoing conspiracy say a
corporation that runs on fraud or a
politician continually abusing his
office or a mob boss on the run then and
only then is when the tougher tactics
come out now do the Enron collapse the
FBI is in the building tonight the Enron
headquarters in Houston where a former
executive says she saw box after box of
shredded evidence and 6 o'clock this
morning while his children slept in
their bedrooms the governor of the state
of Illinois was arrested like a common
criminal
according to the FBI Governor
Blagojevich expected a lot in exchange
for his selection to fill Barack Obama's
seat John Gotti America's most powerful
godfather was picked up on the FBI this
time the FBI had a bug a microphone
hidden upstairs above the storefront
Club the ravenite used by gaud√≠ Aziz
headquarters everything we just showed
you is tough but lawful you can't make
those kind of moves or those kind of
searches without a warrant and you have
to show the judge your target deserves
that treatment that's the kind of heat
on Michael Cohen tonight the warrant
executed by the office of the US
Attorney for the Southern District of
New York and there are signs this is
exactly the kind of heat in New York
that Trump tried to avoid let me show
you because it is so important the top
DOJ prosecutor in New York right now is
Jeffrey Berman now there are some
reports he might not be involved in this
probe but
that's the same post that Trump got so
personally involved in as a first order
of business when he was still in the
transition he asked the prosecutor at
the time Preet Bharara to stay on the
job
attorney I agreed to stay on presumably
because he was a New Yorker that would
be the innocuous reason that Donald
Trump wanted to have the New York
prosecutor in to Trump Tower to talk
about what he was going to do but why
would a president-elect want to keep a
particular prosecutor on the job why
such an interest in the person with
jurisdiction over Trump Tower what we
now know makes it look worse James Comey
testified that Trump tried to keep him
on the job in exchange for inappropriate
loyalty and pressure to drop probes into
Trump aides have now pled guilty and
Bharara who I just showed you there he'd
soon find himself out of his prosecutor
job fired after guess what yes after he
refused to talk to Donald Trump in
private phone calls that Jeff Sessions
own DOJ advised against Ferrara is now
saying this week he's not 100% convinced
this is a full on referral to his old
office he writes I could be completely
wrong but such a referral seems peculiar
the key question is whether this is a
separate referral for issues with
Michael Cohen that maybe have nothing to
do with Bob Miller or whether it's still
a way to gather evidence that could go
back to Muller we don't know yet what we
do know is that after Trump got rid of
Barrera the New York prosecutor he
returned to his odd interest in
personally vetting prosecutors in just a
couple places in the country the places
Trump lives or headquarters his business
it's a weird thing for a president to
meet with potential nominees to be
federal prosecutors to be US Attorney's
but when you look at the ones we know
that President Trump has met with they'd
be the ones in charge of prosecuting
crimes in Washington DC and in
and hatton in Brooklyn very much the
president's home turf both in politics
and business places where he might
conceivably have skin in the game skin
in the game well the game changed last
night until last night the only people
in the world who knew what Michael
Cohen's secret attorney Trump file said
where Michael Cohen and Donald Trump
tonight
the feds are learning what's in them I
cannot underscore that enough
the feds are learning the things that
only Michael Cohen and Donald Trump know
is there something in there that Trump
already knows about that drove him to
these lengths to try to grab control of
the DOJ at the top and its agents
specifically in New York making those
things meet would that explain Donald
Trump's laser-focused pressure on again
not only the top of the DOJ and the FBI
where he fired a director and got a
deputy director fired and blasted his
own attorney general repeatedly but also
this pressure that we may have forgotten
about on the line prosecutors in New
York and Washington people who would you
know people who typically sign off on
well high level unusual moves like
raiding the office of a lawyer to the
president in New York we've talked about
this on the show before the combination
of power and cunning can be dangerous
you take cunning power and you add a
misplaced perception of ignorance or
stupidity which is what a lot of people
assume about Donald Trump you may have a
new level of stealth danger now these
efforts might have worked if it wasn't
for the prosecutor that at this hour
Donald Trump can't seem to pressure or
control that's Bob Muller and he's
already proven very willing to
aggressively take on lawyers if he
thinks they're acting like criminals
Muller will go after lawyers and we'll
go after them regardless of how small
the the violation may appear when we
know mother is not afraid to get tough
with lawyers I think they have to be
concerned and you know it's unclear
exactly what's going on and one
possibility is that now doubt himself is
part of the criminal investigation well
also got a judge to approve a very
special request to force one of Paul
Manta Ford's former lawyers to testify
so Michael Cohen clearly has a big
problem tonight is he all alone or is
this Trump's problem too if you know
anybody at the Trump organization that
spends any amount of time with him like
I do we all feel the same way than just
the boss he's a mentor he's a sage when
you have a problem mr. Trump feels like
he has a problem before we prejudge
every person in this entire play and we
don't know how it ends let's remember
mr. Cohen may have believed that when he
said that he may believe that tonight
when he has a problem mr. Trump has a
problem but will he believe that when
this is all over
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
