well today the president spokesperson
said he was canceling a trip to Latin
America this week Sarah Huckabee Sanders
said the president will remain the
United States to oversee the American
response to Syria and to monitor
developments around the world from where
I'm throwing now by Jonathan Swan
national political reporter for Axios
and mica
o yang vice president the national
security program at the think-tank Third
Way well here's the tricky question is
this a wag the dog situation as he'd
likely to be more militant more hawkish
to shift the headlines I noticed the
headlines today are about two-thirds
Syria despite the incredible news story
yesterday that the FBI is broken in or
entered the offices of his attorney and
yet it is the main story the main story
in the major papers right now is right
now not Syria it's the it's the going
into the offices of michael cohen to
look for stuff on trunk is he gonna try
to rejigger those headlines if trump was
strategically trying to distract from
that I don't know that he would have
opened up that session yesterday and
talked about the mauler thing in the
Kohen thing and made it the you know
blanket news coverage for that evening I
also think the other data point is look
Trump is very contradictory on Syria
he has very contradictory impulses he's
wanted to withdraw for months he's been
telling them we need to get out we're
wasting no state awards stupid Wars
wasting our money wasting our lives but
every time he sees the images it has a
different effect on him these images of
is shortened and he this is what
happened last year with the strike and I
don't remember there being something wag
the dog ish at that moment what do you
see as the connection between until we
know this president is impulsive he
accent but he looks boom pause he talks
it he talks like this is really bugging
him hanging on me at the time I should
be talking to you guys with the brass I
should be talking the generals and
admirals instead I'm talking to lawyers
somes got to give here right so I think
that Jonathan's right he is very
contradictory in this right he wants to
get out of Syria but at the same time he
wants to lash out and now he's got this
new national security adviser John
Bolton who was very hawkish and who has
never met a military intervention that
he doesn't like though who's going to be
whispering in his ear encouraging him to
go so he's more likely to go against
Syria that he is to go against more but
at the same time why don't you answer
that question I thought you
likely to strike Easter West I mean I
think that that's the real question I
think he he feels Muller is the really
the bigger threat to him so if he's
going to do something he try and fight
Syria but he's still got marred coming
out right and fighting Sharia law
fighting Syria is gonna piss off Putin
no I did that he that brings him into
direct conflict with the Russians
because they're the ones backing Assad
who's the one who may have set off these
chemical weapons well I think it's awful
because I think there's a suspicion I
think Loren said on talked about it last
night a wag the dog we know it wag the
dog means this means shift attention
overseas to cover up a domestic personal
embarrassment or scandal I think that's
in John it's absurd because he's putting
attention on the mullah stuff like
explicitly I just don't understand that
argument well let's talk about how he
does business tell me you're the expert
chuckling here you are the expert I was
trying to deal with him he can partner
realized the way Bill Clinton could no
he's got no capacity to do that and this
has been preoccupying him I spoke to
people last night they said they were
very worried they hadn't seen him this
angry in the whole time that they've
been working for him this every time
mullah crosses a line that it tends to
encroach on his business affairs it does
escalate businessmen how can he defend
all that by the way when he puts his
head on the pillow tonight and last
night what was dreaming what was he
worrying about was he worrying about
moer specialist Innes I have no idea
what was in his head going on the pillow
but all I know is before he hit the
pillow he was incredibly agitated making
phone calls and talking about this guy
crossed a line hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
