my ear this how it works through the air
here Michael Schmidt you've got a story
running in tomorrow's Times that the
president tried to fire mower in
December break it well there was a story
in December about a subpoena that had
gone to Deutsche Bank that said that
that was the initial report said it was
directed at the president and his
business dealings the president did not
like this idea and this is gets at this
issue of the red line the looking into
his finances and seriously considered
firing Muller than one point he didn't
get to that point because they were able
to figure out the president's lawyers
that this story was wrong there was some
discussion with mother's office they
were able to come down to it but it just
shows how when the president thought
that Muller had gone beyond that line he
was willing to do this or certainly
willing to seriously consider it now you
have to understand though the president
has talked a lot in the past year about
firing Muller and sometimes his aides
have ignored him sometimes they have
slowed walked him in the case of how a
firearm whose he fired first
well that's the Chuck on that how can he
do this is you have to get rid of
sessions and put it in a recess
appointment does he have to get someone
else in the agency who's passed muster
with the Senate here's how I think it
would work Chris the president as head
of the executive branch has enormous
powers one of his powers arguably would
be to repeal the special counsel
regulations once they are repealed he
could either fire Mahler or fire order
someone to fire Mahler it's not entirely
clear what statute does your appeal say
it's not a statute it's a regulation and
as the head of the executive branch he
has authority to repeal or promulgate
regulations that's the argument can he
do it I think the answer is yes Wow you
know Chris opponents say that it would
be people say that it would be a
constitutional crisis if he does that it
wouldn't be a constitutional crisis
because the remedy is clearly spelled
out it peach meant it would be a
political crisis however because it will
be up to the Republicans who control the
house to act and if I'm advising Trump
as his
lawyer I might say call their bluff well
what do they ask you Paul that you're on
here let's talk this in terms of the
smart move for Trump let's assume you're
his lawyer right now it looks to me like
this iceberg coming at his Titanic is
gonna get him eventually because it just
keeps looking and looking and looking
for ways in which he may have broken the
law it just is like that and maybe it's
all legitimate within the prosecutorial
discretion that within the mandate of
the special counsel to find any place
that later on could turn up as a
criminal violation of this president the
odds are having come out of New York
real estate and being Donald Trump they
will find something if you're Trump what
do you do knowing that I mean you have
your lawyer first of all you get a
lawyer you get a good criminal defense
lawyer and you have him make the case to
Muller that this investigation centers
around collusion and unless Muller comes
up with evidence that Trump himself
conspired to steal the election than
anything else is off the table or some
kind of clear allegations of obstruction
of justice but frankly I don't even
think we'd see obstruction charges
without really clear evidence of
collusion against the president that's
the president's best case to make that
he wasn't involved with the Russians
directly in trying to steal the election
again if Mulder has evidence of that
then all bets are off for the president
Chuck I still agree with Paul on that i
stinking to win this case with the
american people that means the center
not the heart right but the center and
the left which already had much of the
left on an impeachment to win the case
you have to show he involved themself
with the Russians because that's the
heart of this case you can't just find
oh we couldn't find anything in Cluj we
find this other stuff I don't think
they'll pass muster politically what's
your belief right so I think you're
right politically but moreover I'm gonna
defer to you politically Kris because I
don't know politics the way you do
legally that's not the case legally if
they find a bank well first of all I ask
the court acquitted the political
question is because the house for every
sentence needs 218 or to impeach you
need 67 senators or 68 to convict and
remove from office that's a high we're
talking about a high back
it's a very high barrier and if the only
resolution would be impeachment meaning
if we decide you cannot charge a sitting
president and I think by the way that's
probably true then politically you're
absolutely right if you can charge a
sitting president then in my mind the
question is a legal one and not a
political one
Heidi is really what this what this
mower need to win to put it lightly here
put it bluntly what does he need to win
in history that this whole thing was
purposeful look at his history in
prosecuting previous cases like Enron
there were waves of charges and the
first wave of charges and the Enron case
were obstruction of justice I think all
along we've all said that that is the
low-hanging fruit especially when he's
bringing in people like hope Hicks were
on that plane drafting inaccurate
statements that is the easiest that the
the collusion that could go on for many
many more months and maybe years do you
think I'm Michael we're gonna hear the
end of this segment are you thinking the
fact that Trump was thinking of fire him
in December that's near reporting for
tomorrow morning do you think that
possibly mower is somewhat gaming this
and I mean it negatively pushing Trump
because he thinks he's a bad customer
pushing up as hard as he can think he
might spring loose and fire him and
therefore make the case for obstruction
big-time no I don't think he needs to
the president seems to inflict himself
in different ways without the help of
others if you look at all of these
questions
why was Muller appointed what is Muller
looking at much of it including the
president's bone political problems
outside of Muller comeback two things he
did himself and were not existential
things that came at him hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
