Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg is still
testifying before a joint Senate Senate
Committee hearing where he's facing a
grilling on user privacy senators want
to know how Cambridge analytic a data
firm hired by the Trump campaign
obtained the data from as many as 87
million Facebook users for political
targeting but here is what this all
comes down to targeted advertising is
how Facebook makes its money your first
visit to Capitol Hill back in 2010 you
spoke to the Senate Republican high-tech
Task Force which I chair you said back
then that Facebook would always be free
is that still your objective senator yes
there will always be a version of
Facebook that is free well if so how do
you sustain a business model in which
users don't pay for your service senator
we run ads there it is right there
Zuckerberg defended the business model
saying that Facebook hears from users
who would prefer content that's relevant
to their lives but now the price of that
user privacy is in the spotlight the
question now is whether regulation of
social media companies like Facebook
could come next joining me now is
Minnesota Democratic senator Amy
Klobuchar who was in the room with
Zuckerberg today senator thank you so
much for walking out into and joining us
what is your impression of mr.
Zuckerberg and and the answer is he's
giving the Senate right now well I think
first of all he has said this was a
major breach of trust which is
significant and different from what they
said initially and then he has also
focused on privacy rules and blatantly
said yeah we may have to have some
privacy regulation in place and I just
figure we have a product now not just
Facebook but all of these social media
platforms that are paid platforms that
are making a lot of money and we have to
make sure that the laws are as
sophisticated as these products and then
the people that are trying to violate
people's privacy and steal information
so you know that part where he said yeah
we make money off of ads that is true
but that doesn't mean that people should
involuntarily have their personal data
given to political
Consultants for use in political
campaign you know there was a striking
moment when Senator Graham held up the
extraordinarily thick paperwork that you
have to go through the basically the yes
the sign-on for users to go through when
they say they want to use Facebook it's
something that Mark Zuckerberg even
acknowledged that nobody reads so given
that is there any talk among amongst
senators or lawmakers of having
something akin to a users Bill of Rights
something like you did for for
passengers something that says you can
opt-in or here's how your data will be
used it can only be collected for a
short period of time etc exactly we did
that with cell phones we did it as you
point out with Airlines and that's
exactly the kind of thing that needs to
happen here not only should you be able
to have some rules of the road for how
you can protect your data you also
should have if there is a breach some
rules and I specifically asked him well
how about 72 hours shouldn't there be
requirement that you have to notify a
user of a breach and he said that was
something that he was open to and I
think it's just the example and remember
he's not he's just one CEO and we've got
to talk to consumer groups and we have
to talk to other companies and figure
out what works here across all platforms
but we clearly need to protect people's
privacy the other significant thing was
the political ads and he has endorsed my
on its ads act that I was Senator McCain
and Warner and today Twitter came on
board after we've seen a lot of feet
dragging from the tech companies in
terms of making sure that the political
ads are disclosed and that there's
disclaimers made your problem in the
last aware the same way they are when
they play on television so you have the
endorsement in the support of Facebook
and Twitter what about the endorsement
and support of your colleagues in the
Senate is this something it's going to
get passed I'm not worried about the
Democratic side and I know that Senator
McCain's on there senator Graham and
Kennedy are not but they've expressed
interest in the bill and have said good
things about the idea I just hope that
it doesn't get stopped by the fact that
people want to continue to run slimy
sleazy ads and
figure their best way to do it is
targeted internet ads in Facebook's case
are actually going to show those ads so
if you're in the suburbs and think that
you don't want to have sleazy ads run
against a candidate based on things like
immigration or based on issues like st.
gun-safety you're finally going to be
able to see those ads and I think that's
going to be very helpful for candidates
and political campaigns as well as the
press and that is the only way we can
have free and open elections because
otherwise they're hiding the sleazy ads
do you use Facebook yes oh I do I just
put up my dad's 90th birthday wishing
him happy birthday with a photo tammy
duckworth baby and then of course plenty
of posts about facebook and twitter and
what we need to do to pass this bill I
think it's a helpful way to talk to
constituents why were you not inclined
to delete your account after all of us
because I believe that you can do better
I believe that we need we can't cut
ourselves off from social media whether
it is Twitter or Instagram or Facebook
or YouTube and that what we need here is
not to stop these brilliant companies
from their operations but instead put in
common-sense regulations that protect
our privacy and also with the elections
ahead protect their democracy and
nothing was happening until this breach
was exposed the tech industry is young
it is innovative it is very fast-moving
it's hard to keep up with Congress on
the other hand is slow-moving it's not
it's not young and I don't mean that to
be an either but exactly does that make
it difficult and trying to find a way to
regulate a company like this it did I
appreciated some of the tweets that said
I appeared to understand how this work
compared to some of my colleagues but I
think that sure it is but that's I think
you can craft good legislation I'm
working on some things now I think you
can do that and make it work I think
doing nothing and just putting your
heads in the sand and say well we have a
bunch of people that have been around a
while so we can't get it done that's
just no answer to give to the American
people
senator Clovis sure happy birthday to
your dad Thank You Katie
thank you you hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
