yeah and Susan Dell / CEO you know you
just think about this Wall Street
Journal editorial he is wrote saying he
was emotional that he said some things
he shouldn't have said obviously he made
a mention of the Clintons and brought a
partisan angle to the hearings he says
he raised his voice are you you when you
watch the hearing you can see him raise
his voice and make blanket statements in
defense of himself like I like beer and
it just flies in the face of his own
words back in 2015 when he talks about
what the temperament of a federal judge
should be listen to Brett Kavanaugh in
his own words to be a good judge and a
good umpire it's important to have the
proper demeanor really important I think
to walk in the other's shoes whether it
be the other litigants the litigants in
the case the other judges to understand
them to keep our emotions in check to be
calm amidst the storm on the bench to to
put it in the vernacular don't be a jerk
I think that's important to be a good
umpire and a good judge don't be a jerk
let me run through what I think and a
judge as umpire means first and probably
most obviously not being a political
partisan you have to check those
political allegiances at the door when
you become a judge you have to shed them
it's very important the outset for a
judge who wants to be an umpire to avoid
any semblance of that partisanship of
that political background of that
background they might have had in a
particular line of work that's the first
probably most fundamental thing for a
judge who wants to be an umpire I mean
it isn't this part of what they're
looking for what the senators who have
to make this decision are looking for
temperament whether he has it I mean
when he asked claimed Amy Klobuchar
senator Amy Klobuchar who was very
politely and very respectfully asking
him if he ever drank to the point where
he blacked out obviously getting to the
point as to whether or not maybe there
was a situation he did not remember he
was defensive he didn't sound like he
was telling the truth it's not me to say
it just sounded very weak his answer his
no and then he throws it back at her so
rudely saying to you and again he says
you're not supposed to be a jerk
what was he like at that hearing he was
a jerk he was a jerk at that hearing and
I have no problem that he was angry and
when he noted none whatsoever and I
realized what he was accused of but you
have to also look at what he used for
his defense and that was that idea of a
conspiracy theory that was something
that showed and he also used the word I
am damaged you know is he so damaged
that can he not go forward and be a
responsible jurist and that's my biggest
concern is is he so damaged from this
process that he in the bitterness that
must go along with it which is
understandable you know means that he
should not be the one who's going to be
you know making the swing decision in in
this court he's representative what's
now dividing our
tre when he was nominated I said he's a
typical conservative nominee and whether
you know and elections have consequences
so we saw it going forward it is solely
his words that concern me and really
made me second-guess his his fitness for
the for the directness and you know Nina
as you go down the list of attributes
that Judge Cavanaugh said that any judge
should have you have to have a proper
demeanor
walk in the other shoes keep your
emotions in check if you remain remain
calm in the storm don't be a jerk don't
be a political partisan avoid any
semblance of political partisanship
I'm sure Nina are there not most likely
people like Chief Justice John Roberts
yeah there has to be very concerned they
in fact Cavanaugh Cavanaugh basically
blew through every one of his
instructions to those students yeah he
did and the Chief Justice I assume the
other members of the court are sitting
there in there not very they are truly
not very political people they have
ideologies that are conservative and
more liberal but they are not political
people when you have a conversation with
them you're struck by how unpolitical
they are almost foolishly unpolitical
but that's not a bad thing and the
Supreme Court still up until now has far
exceeded any other institution in that
in terms of confidence of the public
this performance I think injected a kind
of partisanship and rage not just anger
but rage into the system that has to be
enormous ly concerning to the people
that judge Cavanaugh would be serving
with and I am sure that they are going a
little nuts privately I've seen a couple
of them and when they look at me they
get sort of what I call Long Island
lockjaw
how long that is so true I can't die it
is good if this is so hard to talk about
and for Ashley Parker you know for
senators making this decision and the
White House pressure they might be
feeling but the pressure from their home
states as well but it's not a question
as to whether or not he did it at this
point only I think it's a question of
fitness of temperament and of some of
the other answers that he gave on the
record in terms of how he perceives the
Constitution in questions he wouldn't
answer there's a lot of reasons why
somebody might want to vote against him
even if they're a Republican you're
right it's all of those things and as
sort of it became clear that what
happened again thirty years ago between
him and dr. Ford was likely not going to
be adjudicated with any clarity to
anyone's satisfaction the Democrats
began trying to paint him sort of as an
angry drunk someone who was
temperamentally unfit and those
questions did again turn to temperament
and fitness and other answers he did or
did not give and so in that Wall Street
Journal op-ed where he he didn't to be
clear it's not it's less that he's
apologizing and it's more that he's sort
of trying to explain away what has now
become a very problematic performance by
him he is trying to alleviate some of
those very real concerns that are coming
up in the final hours and very briefly
there's a central irony here which is
that performance raised concerns for
voters for her former justices for
senators who have to vote but the person
who loved that most of all and this
points to the danger of performing for
that audience of one was President Trump
the president thinks that was a high
point in judge Cavanaugh's nomination
process that he was fighting for himself
and he loved that angry emotional
combative partisan tone that said these
three keys
senators I did not so know as you know
well this conversation and a lot of the
criticism that's come since Cavanaugh's
testimony sounds to conservatives and
republicans like goalposts shifting
which is to say that if in the absence
of corroborating evidence against with
dr ford's compelling testimony we're
gonna say he's a jerk who threw ice at
people in 1985 maybe it's being a jerk
there's his temperament enough to keep
him off the court if that's what you
believe but certainly valid and I agree
with mica that the constitutional
questions the notion that maybe he
stretched the Ginsburg rule a la Ruth
Bader about not answering his do you
know his judicial philosophy necessarily
and and weighing in on cases that had
not yet been brought and arguments that
had not yet been made I think those are
valid questions although it doesn't
necessarily agree with them I do have to
disagree with my friend Susan the notion
that these allegations are sufficient to
have damaged him alone to the point
where he is no longer confirmable is
Kafka no no no allow you to finish the
idea however that he has been accused of
uncorroborated sex crimes and whether
they are prosecutable is a question but
they are crimes and they will damage him
forever and the notion that they alone
are sufficient to to disqualify him from
taking a seat on the court as a
precedent we should resist because it
will be used again your your misstating
what i said earlier i believe actually
and one thing we haven't talked about it
was mark Judd was supposed to fix this
all remember he was supposed to be
interviewed this was going to be the the
witness that was going to take down
Cavanaugh obviously that didn't happen
I think he was right that I understand
the judge judge Cavanaugh's frustration
in that testimony it wasn't that he was
angry that bothered me it's what he
chose and took the political angle to
really - double down in it and he is and
to be so angry and to get so into the
political fray on it and then on top of
that the temperament he showed in the
hearing when he was answering questions
he should be above that and I think that
that anger
and I think that this whole process is
something that really destroyed a part
of him that and it's a part that I think
will haunt him for a long time and it
could be a big problem for him on the
bench and no I agree with you that uncor
corroborated allegations oven by
themselves can't be disqualifying for a
Republican or for a Democrat I certainly
certainly agree with you there
but if you just let's just look at what
the judge said in that speech that we
played in 2015 the guidelines to be an
effective judge I could go down every
one of them again he felled every one of
those tests and they're two that really
keep really stick out to me one keep
your emotions in check one and to remain
calm and the storm yes he was in a storm
and he will most likely if he goes on
the court and serves for 30 years being
several other storms but did you find
his response lacking didn't you find at
least in that character test Brett
Kavanaugh failing his own test in such a
way that should cause all of us great
concern
I thought the invocation of partisan
Asst partisan ranker the invocation of
the idea that people are opposing him to
seek some form of revenge for the
Clintons unseemly and untoward and also
something that has imperiled his
nomination I also as I said earlier
believe that if he had not taken that
course that the audience of one for whom
we say this has been a perilous process
would have pulled his nomination I don't
think Republicans would have rallied to
him as we have seen and the Republicans
who have rallied to him include never
Trump Republicans Magha hat-wearing
Republicans it's across the political
spectrum we have not seen this kind of
engagement and it's genuine it is not
partisan it is a real perception that
there has been a wrong here the the
protestations of the chief
notwithstanding the American Bar
Association has recommended him highly
he has a paper trail mile long he has
demonstrated his fitness for the bench
and his recommendation comes reportedly
from Justice Kennedy
himself so we have to weigh this
statement one statement against a career
that has been otherwise exemplary thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay up to
date on the day's biggest stories and
you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
