let me start with you Michael Schmidt
they're on the phone if I can tell us
about this new reporting I NBC News can
confirm it now but I know the Times
broke it first what more do we know just
getting a better idea of what federal
authorities were looking for when they
went into Michael Cohen's residences and
office yesterday they were looking for
documents related to payments that were
given to women that had reached these
agreements with Michael Cohen they were
looking for stuff related to the
National Enquirer
and this was part of this court approved
warrant that they had been given by a
judge in New York to go into Michael
Cohen's office it's an extraordinary
thing for her agents for FBI agents in
this case to be going into the lawyer of
the president's office to get this is a
very highly unusual thing we know one of
the women was stormy Daniels the the
adult film star who's the other woman
the the other woman then it was another
woman that had reached a deal with the
president former Playboy model who had
reached a deal with the president who
had spoken publicly about this and they
were cheap they were looking for
documents about payments that had been
paid to her as well and this is what's
in this larger trove of information that
the FBI will now sift through as they
see what is responsive to to these
warrants that they have and Michael you
indicated that they were also searching
for some some stuff related to the
National Enquirer what more do we know
about that we don't know a ton more
about that we do know that there was
also requests in there for medallions
that taxi medallion that Michael Cohen
had these are the you know the ways of
having a taxi in New York City Michael
Cohen I've been involved in that
business pleased to be a cash business
that he'd operated and this was in the
request for documents as well when they
went and Google look for that as well
all right Michael spent here from the
New York Times with some breaking news
here top the one o'clock hour Michael
thanks and as always do come back if
there's more news to share
tom we've also learned that the Deputy
Attorney General Robert Stein
signed off on this raid himself what
does that tell us
well that tell us that frankly he's
there following along with the
guidelines that that he's been given if
you want to look at this from a sports
analogy Craig rod Rosenstein is the
president and GM of this investigation
and Robert Muller is the coach he's the
one that's kind of calling the
day-to-day plays he's the one that look
that's looking at the strategy but rod
Rosen Stein's role here is oversight and
so the fact that we know that this
investigation came out of the special
counsel's office that they're doing it
in coordination with prosecutors here in
federal prosecutors here in Manhattan
that tells us that in this case rod
Rosen Stein is saying you know what it's
a little bit better if we have and it's
more appropriate given what Robert
Muller has been charged with looking
into versus other crimes that have
arisen out of this it's more appropriate
to have federal prosecutors in New York
on board with this actively involved in
this particular component of the
investigation we understand the heart of
this is tied to possibly a payment that
was made to to stormy Daniels so in this
case it's rod Rosenstein saying who are
gonna be the best players who's the
what's the best team there and the most
appropriate team to handle this is the
rate itself what does it tell us about
the do Jay's reach into the Trump empire
well it tells us that they've been
accumulating a lot of information over
the year Plus that they've been working
on this investigation it tells me that
they are being extremely thorough that
they're going step by step as far as
what they're learning
okay we've uncovered this bit of
evidence now we can move forward with
this particular evidence or this
particular avenue of inquiry this type
of stuff goes back and forth all the
time but you're looking at a you're
looking at investigation here that is
HUGE because you're looking into a
campaign you're looking to into a
foreign governments efforts to influence
an election here in the United States
the amount of people that are involved
in this the the the overall scope of
this is very large so it makes sense
that over time we're hearing about
different avenues that they're starting
to take obviously
search more particularly one involving
an attorney particularly one involving
the president's personal attorney is a
tremendous I would say Avenue or leap
forward that we're hearing about but it
but it all fits the the way that an
investigation would typically go this
one is just obviously very high profile
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
