get some breaking news about president
canceling a scheduled trip that was
planned later this week let's go back to
the White House NBC's Jeff Bennett what
are you hearing hey Chris president
Trump was set to make his first visit of
his presidency to Latin America later
this week but we've just learned from
White House press secretary Sarah
Sanders that that trip is now called off
here's the statement she sent out
moments ago President Trump will not
attend the 8th summit of the Americas in
Lima Peru or travel to Bogota Colombia
as originally scheduled at the
president's request the vice president
will travel in his stead the president
will remain in the United States to
oversee the American response to Syria
and to monitor developments around the
world now you remember yesterday the
president sent out that set set out a
timeline of 24 to 48 hours as to when he
would make his decision known as it
relates to the US response to the crisis
in Syria so we could get some more
clarity on that today but Sarah Sanders
is now hitting the fact that this trip
is canceled on some of that
decision-making Chris
