to a little bit of breaking news back
over at the White House because the
revolving door is spinning again inside
the West Wing president Trump's Homeland
Security Advisor Tom Bossert is stepping
down we have just confirmed this in the
last couple of minutes and I want to get
over to NBC White House correspondent
Peter Alexander Peter explained a little
bit who Tom Bossard is and explain a
little bit about what we know regarding
his departure well let's start with the
statement that we just received from the
press secretary Sarah Sanders within the
last five minutes now confirming this
news halle Tom Bossard well-respected
here viewed by many within the West Wing
is a bastion of competence in a West
Wing that has obviously been riven by
feuding by investigations and frankly by
the president's temper let me read for
you the statement from Sarah Sanders
provided us just moments ago it's titled
on the resignation of Tom Bossert it
reads the president is grateful for
Tom's commitment to the safety and
security of our great country
Tom led the White House's efforts to
protect the homeland from terrorist
threats strengthen our cyber defenses
and respond to an unprecedented series
of natural disasters president Trump
thanks him for his patriotic service and
wishes him well again those the words of
the press secretary Sarah Sanders about
Tom Bossert the homeland security
adviser to the president
just moments ago he has been as you've
witnessed in the briefing room with me
really one of the most effective
communicators on behalf of this
president speaking out over the course
of the last year in defense of the
administration's response following the
hurricanes most notably what took place
in Puerto Rico he's obviously spoken out
strongly about cybersecurity and just
this last weekend he was on one of the
Sunday morning shows speaking out in
effect on behalf of this administration
as Americans anticipated what President
Trump's response might be to the
chemical weapons attack in Syria saying
that all options are on the table as for
the timing of this it's not entirely
clear what led up to this decision we
need to try to report out some of those
details I exchanged messages with
posture within the last several days and
he didn't have any indication that he
would be leaving just a couple of days
ago he was speaking I think even within
the last 48 hours yeah yeah yeah in
Sunday
again yesterday he was in Georgia as
part of a national security conference
and among other things one thing that he
said that I'm sure president Trump would
have liked hearing as he said that
despite all of what you hear about the
sort of chaos within the West Wing he
said that this administration was no
different than the past administrations
he'd worked in most notably he worked as
a deputy homeland security adviser for
George W Bush Ally
