that doesn't for us tonight we will see
you again tomorrow now it's time for the
last word with lawrence O'Donnell good
evening Lawrence good evening Rachel and
like you I had a few things in mind that
I plan to talk about tonight which I
won't be talking about tonight because
the news has once again hit us with
another tidal wave and Michael avenatti
is going to be my first guest tonight to
react to what may be the hystory may see
as the moment when stormy Daniels pushed
the special prosecutor closer to getting
fired than anyone before her has done it
is it this has been a remarkable saga
all along obviously the news sort of
blew up in the face of this today it I
felt like the thing that this really
brought home for me is that the
president has really not put together an
actual legal team on the Russia scandal
he actually does have some real lawyers
on the stormy Daniel scandal I mean he
has Michael Cohen but he has additional
lawyers working with him on these
scandals related to these women who have
supposedly been paid off that's where he
has really lawyer DUP and maybe the
president saw this this coming before we
did in terms of the severity at a legal
jeopardy that he's in here yeah and and
the the moving this case the this
today's investigation to the Southern
District of New York is truly
fascinating because as you know they do
not have a confirmed US attorney working
there the US attorney who's in place
there temporarily his appointment is a
hundred and twenty day appointment that
runs out on May 5th so the president
doesn't have a prosecutor there to fire
and replace because the next the people
who replace this one are the judges who
run the district they get to decide
because the president hasn't chosen
anyone you know the Moller investigation
has taken some interesting turns one of
them was to spread a little bit of the
workaround we got that filing from
Moeller last week that said you know
what when we charge manna for it we had
the National Security Division of the
Justice Department sign off on those
charges and we had the tax division at
the Justice Department sign off on those
charges and by the way the lead
prosecutors who are taking man afford to
court are duly in
powered to pursue this prosecution even
if the special counsels office goes away
now we've got this action by Southern
District of New York with the
president's personal lawyer you are
getting the sense that they are putting
roots wide so that if anybody tries to
chop down that tree they won't be able
to get all of it that's the way it's
looking tonight thanks lights Thank You
Rachel well Donald Trump had a
conversation with himself today in
public in which some of the words said
by reporters at the time appeared to be
part of that conversation but they
really weren't when President Trump
asked himself aloud today why don't I
just fire Mahler it seemed like he was
repeating a question he just heard from
a reporter but when you listen to what
he had just heard you will hear two
questions one of which the president
completely ignored that was the louder
of the two questions the one that he
ignored so let's listen now to the two
questions that the president was asked
at the same time well did you have an
affair with stormy Daniels that came
through loud and clear president heard
it but that wasn't part of the
conversation that the president was
already having with himself why do i why
don't i just fire muller
was right there in the conversation that
the president was already having with
himself and that is a conversation that
the president is probably having with
himself every day and all day today
after the president was among the first
to discover hours before the news media
knew it that the FBI raided the New York
City office the New York City hotel room
and the New York City home of Michael
Cohen today and here is what the
president said about Michael Cohen late
Thursday afternoon on Air Force One
you'll have to ask Michael Cohen well it
sounds like the FBI and the Justice
Department got that message loud and
clear
Steven Ryan a lawyer representing
Michael Cohen today issued a written
statement saying quote today the US
Attorney's Office for the Southern
District of New York executed a series
of search warrants and seized the
privileged communications between my
client Michael Cohen and his clients I
have been advised by federal prosecutors
that the New York action is in part a
referral by the Office of Special
Counsel Robert Muller the decision by
the US Attorney's Office in New York to
conduct their investigation using search
warrants is completely inappropriate and
unnecessary it resulted in the
unnecessary seizure of protected a clerk
attorney-client communications between a
lawyer and his clients these government
tactics are also wrong because mr. Cohen
has cooperated completely with all
government entities including providing
thousands of non privileged documents to
the Congress and sitting for depositions
under oath NBC News has confirmed
something first reported by the New York
Times today that in their raids today
FBI agents were seeking records related
to the hundred thirty thousand dollar
hush money payment to stormy Daniels
that Michael Cohen claims he made
without president Trump's knowledge
leading off our discussion now is
Michael avenatti the attorney for stormy
Daniels also with us tonight for this
first round Jill wine banks former
assistant Marty gates special prosecutor
and MSNBC contributor and of course ari
Melbourne chief legal correspondent here
at MSNBC and host of the beat weeknights
6 p.m. Eastern and Michael I know you
already had some of this conversation by
phone with Ari earlier tonight
but I want to get your reaction to to
the the simple chronological fact here
that we heard Donald Trump say on
Thursday late Thursday you have to ask
Michael Cohen and here it is basically
the first order of business today for
the FBI in New York City is asking
Michael Cohen in the harshest possible
way well Lawrence on third
day the president made those statements
on Air Force One and you had me on
Thursday night and we spoke at length
about this and I told you my thoughts at
the time relating to the fact that I
thought the noose was tightening around
Michael Cohen and I also foreshadowed
what might happen if in fact that noose
tightened significantly and I'm gonna
stand by those comments this was a very
very serious development today the FBI
raid occurred about 36 business hours
after the president made those comments
on Air Force One it sounds like they've
seized documents and emails and
communications and Michael Cohen and the
president better hope that they've been
a hundred percent honest and aboveboard
relating to the agreement what the
president knew about the agreement and
this 130 thousand dollar payment because
if they have not been a hundred percent
aboveboard I will tell you this crimes
associated with that conduct if they
occurred are far easier to prove than
Russian collusion period far easier from
a legal perspective it's not that
complicated at the end of the day this
is a very serious development for
Michael Cohen it is putting him in the
crosshairs it is going to put him under
a tremendous amount of pressure and I
don't think he has the metal to hold up
as I've told Ari and others and I've
been saying this for a while I just
don't think that he's built that way
and if I was the president of the United
States or others I would not have many
sleep full nights from here on out if I
knew that my fate rided on his ability
to withstand the heat Michael I want to
talk to you about how this affects your
case a big development last week was the
president saying I had no idea
that's his gonna be his position I had
no idea that this agreement was being
arranged with stormy Daniels so that was
a big step in this case the big
development for you what you considered
very positive for your case how can
there be an agreement if Donald Trump
doesn't even know he's a party to
agreement so that let's put that aside
for the moment and go to what happened
today because now you have Michael Cohen
in a
criminal and FBI investigation it seems
absolutely mandatory that if your civil
litigation is going to go forward and
Michael Cohen for example is going to be
deposed to try to determine the validity
of the confidentiality agreement that he
will have to take the Fifth Amendment
for virtually every question after his
name and address and so I want to know
in your civil case if Michael Cohen
takes the Fifth Amendment in that case
it does that pretty much close the case
I mean the would be that would I can't
quite see what this testimony would be
on the Michael Cohen side of the case
that could lead to a finding in favor of
Michael Cohen if there is in the end
virtually no testimony well Lawrence I
agree you know we've heard from weeks
from David Schwartz Michael Cohen's
spokesperson and others all this
chest-thumping about how they were going
to sue my client for twenty million
dollars and take her for everything
she's worth if Michael Cohen takes the
Fifth Amendment that's never gonna
happen and I agree with you and I
mentioned this earlier on re-show I
think the likelihood of him being able
to testify and not take the Fifth
Amendment is very very slim however
regardless of whether he takes the Fifth
Amendment whether the president takes
the Fifth Amendment if we get his
deposition is a completely different
story Michael can you he now get is he
likely to get continuances in this civil
case because there is a criminal case
that has entered into the same arena
well that's an interesting question they
may go in and seek a stay of the
proceedings and when it surprised me
they've done everything in their power
to slow this case down delay it have it
decided in a private arbitration etc
from the very moment that we filed it
but you know Lawrence I want to go back
to something when we filed this case
about four or five weeks ago you know a
lot of people mocked us a lot of people
mocked my client said that she wasn't in
it for the right reasons that it was a
money grab etc that's been blown out of
the water she hasn't accepted a dime
she's shown incredible courage and
fortitude over the last five weeks and
I wonder if some of those people are
laughing now the FBI just raided the
personal attorney for the president's
offices over the exact matter that we
have brought to the forefront and
brought to the attention of the American
people I don't think Michael Cohen's
laughing tonight I don't think the
president's laughing tonight and for a
lot of the people that thought that this
was something other than it was and it's
always been a search for the truth I
hope they're not laughing tonight either
Michael have and I would Michael Cohen
be a subject of a criminal investigation
by the FBI tonight if stormy Daniels had
not come forward this year I don't think
so I don't think the raid would have
happened I don't think the scrutiny
would have happened I don't think any of
this would have happened
Juwan banks I want to go to the the
issue that jumps out immediately in this
situation because Michael Cohen has a
law degree and I say that I phrased this
somewhat differently for most people
because it is questionable to me whether
we can really call Michael Cohen Donald
Trump's lawyer he has never filed an
appearance in any of the endless streams
of litigation that Donald Trump has been
involved in so he's never appeared in
court for him he's never been engaged
hired by Donald Trump for a particular
matter he was sitting in from tower in
an office in the Trump Organization
doing a variety of things for which you
don't need a law degree he himself says
that Donald Trump never specifically
engaged him in this stormy Daniels
matter so can there be an
attorney-client privilege between
Michael Cohen and Donald Trump over
anything involving stormy Daniels if
both of them have said publicly that
Donald Trump did not engage Michael
Cohen as an attorney in that case I
think the evidence may be to the
contrary because in negotiating the NDA
the hush agreement with stormy Daniels
he certainly was acting as an attorney
he also formed as an attorney a an
organization to pay the money and I
think that he did hold himself out as
the president's lawyer the president
always has referred to him as
his attorney so there is some confusion
in them now saying oh I never hired him
for a specific matter I'm sure that mr.
Davidson who was storming Daniels
original lawyer thought that he was
dealing with an attorney in this matter
and I'm sure that stormy Daniels thought
that he was the legal representative and
in terms of the attorney-client
privilege however you can't have a
privilege if you haven't talked to your
client about it you can't have a
privilege if you're engaged in criminal
conduct the privilege simply does not
apply in those cases so I think that
there's arguments in both directions but
I think it'd be hard to say he didn't
act as the attorney just because he
didn't appear in court for Donald Trump
I remember I watched every minute of
your coverage at six o'clock today and
you were basically in live coverage
because this story was breaking on you
as you were as you were getting through
the hour and you got Mike 1192 jr. by
phone but one of the comments that
really struck me was Paul Butler and
you're our re when he said to you that
what happened today was like a subpoena
on steroids yeah Lawrence there's so
much going on it's easy to forget the
context of what just happened
FBI agents busted down the door of
Donald Trump the sitting presidents
longtime lawyer and an executive at the
Trump Organization there's an old saying
kick in the door waiving the four-four
you don't want to be on the other side
of that door it's only happened twice in
this entire probe when it happened to
Paul manna for 96 days later he was
indicted every other individual the
people we've seen our TV screens from
Sean Spicer Sam Nunn Berg who've had
subpoenas or cooperate with a special
counsel they get requests hey give us
some documents emails or even a grand
jury subpoena which is more serious no
one else except for a man afford who's
indicted and now today Michael Cohen has
had their door kicked in it is a huge
deal
period then you add to that the the
extra bar that is generally understood
when you're dealing with a lawyer as
opposed to a civilian RA your
interpretation of what the president
said today when he
got down to that conversation which was
really a conversation with himself about
should I fire Robert mark well the
phrasing is wrong because Donald Trump
as it so often is working not off
knowledge of the situation but off his
own ignorance it might be willful
ignorance it might be strategic
ignorance but the question is not
whether Donald Trump can fire Robert
Miller he cannot under our laws and
rules and the question is not even
whether Rod Rosenstein can fire Robert
Miller sort of out of the blue the
Administrative Procedures Act treats the
DOJ rules as law and they state that a
special counsel duly appointed can only
be removed for cause in writing by the
acting Attorney General so what Trump
was doing was imagining a kind of a
fanfiction where he is king but he is
not now whether there is increasing
pressure as we saw today which struck me
about his comments during a supposed
serial war cabinet meeting was that he
kept returning to Jeff Sessions and Rod
Rosenstein so he knows where the
leverage is and he may pressure them to
try to remove or even unlawfully remove
Muller he can't do it alone Lawrence
Jill Weinberg so I always flashback to
your experience of Watergate on days
like this and and the special prosecutor
one after the president's attorney
general I you people your team went
after John Dean the White House Counsel
but I don't think you ever won after any
of Richard Nixon's private lawyers we
never went after any of his lawyers they
all acted in I would say with great
integrity although that's not true for
one of the lawyers for the committee to
re-elect the president
first of all Liddy was also counsel to
them but so was Ken Parkinson who ended
up a defendant in the case I also want
to add to two things that Ari mentioned
one is that Muller is not the person who
executed this warrant so if Donald Trump
has a complaint it's against the US
Attorney a Republican approved by a
federal judge and approved by higher-ups
in the Department of Justice all
Republicans it is not Muller and
secondly there was no break-in at his
offices at Michael cones offices
this was the execution of a lawful
search warrant so when the president
says they broke into my lawyer's office
and again he called him his lawyer which
sort of undercuts any argument that he
isn't a lawyer they didn't they used a
search warrant and did it in a valid way
with approval of a judge once and I just
to be clear it's certainly lawful but it
is a physical act and as Jill and all
the lawyers in the panel know it is far
more aggressive a move then a
court-ordered request it is a physical
intervention because there's either a
time limit on the evidence there's a
belief of a potential conspiracy or
destruction of evidence or some other
reason approved by a judge so it's a
biggie yeah I mean you've gone through
it
go ahead go ahead Mike yeah Lawrence
there's two points that I wanted to make
in light of this search warrant today in
the action by the FBI there is no
question that from this point forward
Michael Cohen cannot represent Donald
Trump that is a non-waivable conflict of
interest at this point so to the extent
that Michael Cohen was Donald Trump's
attorney as of this morning moments
before the FBI raided his office that
ceased to be the case as soon as the FBI
came through that door that is a
absolute conflict of interest it doesn't
matter what the disclosure level is it's
non-waivable so the days of Michael
Cohen being mr. Trump's lawyer at least
for the foreseeable future are over so
that's number one and I think it's a
very important point because what it
means is that their level of
communication is going to have to end or
be drastically reduced because otherwise
that would be discoverable likely in
connection with our case or in
connection with this potential criminal
investigation so that's the first point
that I wanted to make and then the
second point that I want to make is this
if the president wants to fire mr.
Muller or others that's between him and
Congress but he can't fire me and we're
not going anywhere that is the perfect
last word to go into our first
commercial break here Michael Levin on
it could you please stay with us for to
extend this discussion just a bit longer
we're gonna be right back
hey they're armed Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
