the Attorney General made a terrible
mistake when he did this and when he
recused himself or he should have
certainly let us know if he was going to
recuse himself and we would have used
they put a different Attorney General in
so he made what I consider to be a very
terrible mistake for the country but
you'll figure that out
welcome back thanks for staying up with
us joining our conversation now is
Franklin Toya he's a former FBI Special
Agent in Charge for the agency's Seattle
division served under FBI director Jim
Comey and reported to Andrew McCabe the
panel's also still here Frank let me get
your thoughts first on the president's
ongoing assault on the Justice
Department on his own appointees at the
Justice Department his own appointees at
the FBI and now it would seem he is
displeased with the actions of his own
appointee for an Acting US Attorney for
the Southern District of New York your
reaction well after today it's gone from
outrage to extraordinary I it's just
incredible the kinds of things that
we're seeing in this American tragedy
you know one of the things that that was
that stood out to me in his comments
earlier today where the fact that there
was no mention whatsoever of the rule of
law it was just about attacking people
on the basis of politics on the basis of
you know what he perceived his character
flaws on the basis of what he calls a
witch-hunt
but none of it had to do with the fact
that this is a not just a legitimate
investigation but a very serious one
that involves a lot of people in our
legal process including federal judges
high-ranking officials at the Department
of Justice the FBI all the way down to
the investigators on the ground who you
know are putting in the hours and and
actually putting their their credibility
on the line to to make sure that this is
an unbiased objective investigation
Frank let me read you something the
Washington Post is reporting tonight
this is from Mark from a Washington
lawyer who says the seizure of Cohen's
records should be the most concerning
for the president it might help explain
his freakout he says quote you can't get
much worse than this other than
arresting someone's wife or putting
pressure on a family member this strikes
at the inner sanctum your lawyer your
CPA your
for your therapist your bartender all
the people who would know the worst
about you I'm thinking Sopranos and dr.
Melfi getting hauled in I mean talk
about the significance both of Michael
Cohen now being of enough interest and
if enough questionable con conduct or
responsiveness or lack thereof to have
justified a search and seizure like what
we saw today of his residence in his
office as well as the president's
response to that as you said no regard
for the rule of law no contemplation in
the president's mind that perhaps his
lawyer had violated any laws and that
perhaps his own pick at the US
Attorney's Office was simply following
the evidence well well that's why it is
extraordinary I spent 25 years in the
FBI and I can count on one hand the
number of times that I was involved with
searches of you know the offices or even
more significantly the residences of
lawyers this is something that just
doesn't happen and then for them to
execute in the Southern District of New
York today to execute search warrants
and multiple places against the
president's personal lawyer I mean
that's huge that's why it is
extraordinary it's it's it's beyond
anything we have seen I think in so many
stin my experience but even in the
history of this country it's just
something that doesn't happen and again
it's not like we we you know the FBI or
the Department of Justice pulled this
out of thin air or the you know the
Special Counsel has some kind of you
know vendetta against the president in
United States or anybody that works for
him this is all based on on facts on
evidence on information that they're
getting from sources on probable cause
and and frankly I would say that in in
the case of the president's personal
lawyers probably information beyond
probable cause just because of what
we're talking about here and how close
it is getting to not just the office of
the presidency but to the President
himself and so yeah it you know on the
one on the one hand it is extraordinary
the other part of this is just how
frustrating it must be that that we are
in this place right now especially for
the investigators that
that they have to look at you know the
the leader of the executive branch in
the way that they are doing it it's just
it's unprecedented it's frustrating and
you know the question now is where does
it go how does this thing and and you
know I also served under Bob Muller and
I can tell you that what you're seeing
is a direct reflection of his pursuit of
truth and justice it's undeviating it's
specific it's focused it's targeted and
it's about making the case and he's you
know on a track it seems to to make some
pretty significant advances in that case
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
