caryl Enoch is an investigative reporter
for the Washington Post who broke the
story the cone is being investigated for
bank fraud and other possible crimes and
what have you learned today about how we
got to this point so we've been burning
up the phones talking to everyone that
we know with some knowledge about this
search this raid this unusual seizure of
pretty much everything that michael
cohen had in in his office and in two
residences a hotel in a home we have
learned a lot one that the search
warrant that sought these records
indicated that prosecutors and
investigators are examining michael
cohen the president's personal lawyer
and confidant for possible bank fraud
wire fraud and campaign finance
violations we know that the search
warrant asked specifically for
information that had to do with payments
to stormy Daniels an adult film or porn
star that was about to during the
campaign allege that the President and
she had had an affair in a public
interview we understand that the search
also sought records that had to do with
Michael Cohen's personal finances his
bank records his tax information and
there's more we're also learning that
investigators have been working on this
for many many many many weeks and that
while this may look very dramatic and
like the start of something it may
actually be the culmination of something
much deeper looking at Michael Cohen I
want to add one more thing which is
Michael Cohen's lawyer Stephen ryan told
us today that he found this raid
inappropriate because it gathered up
materials that were attorney-client
communications and privileged and that
this was not necessary because Michael
Cohen was totally cooperative with
investigators and would have shared
information with them if requested do we
know the the point you just made on the
timing seems crucial to me when you say
this is something investigators have
been looking at for many weeks I guess
the reason that seems crucial me is a
lot of what's happened publicly with
astronomy Daniel's back and forth seems
like it's happened last
weeks it sounds like there was stuff in
the works prior to that I can't give you
an exact date Chris but I'm told that
this is something that has been looming
for a while and also you know a raid is
not typically if we just go on
experience a raid of this kind three
different homes does not happen
overnight or over the course of a week
investigators are gathering information
they have to show some evidence to a
judge and in this case they have to show
some evidence to their own bosses of the
Department of Justice to suggest that
what they find inside these premises
will be evidence of a crime so they had
to do a lot of homework and a lot of
reporting and infer give me a lot of
investigating before they got to this
point you know one crucial aspect here
we watched the president talk about
Robert Muller this was not a Robert
Muller operation correct absolutely
correct the information from mr. Ryan
again Michael Cohen's lawyer in this
case is that Mahler's office referred
this to the Southern District of New
York you know the premier US Attorney's
Office in the country and that they are
proceeding with this investigation
Muller's office follows some pretty
strict rules in that if they come across
information that is not within their
mandate they go to the Deputy Attorney
General and they refer it to the
relevant US Attorney and that appears to
be what happened here I should note that
US Attorney if I'm not mistaken for the
southern districts a gentleman by the
name of Jeffrey Berman who I believe is
a appointee of President Trump correct
yes
so I mean did the president I just want
to put that in context because we played
a lot of that tape of the president
talking about the Muller the
Constitution of the Moller office and
Democrats I mean that individual you're
seeing right there a former Rudy
Giuliani law partner or someone who
donated the president campaign that is
the individual that signed off and on
his office signed off on this raid right
I would have to think that he would be
aware of the raid yes as the US Attorney
you know what's interesting to me about
the
is keep in mind the context of the
president's ire and frustration for more
than a year he has believed that this
probe which were you know Muller
inherited an FBI investigation that was
looking at Russian interference and the
president's view is I'm not involved in
any collusion I didn't collude with any
Russians
why is my presidency forever under this
cloud well now his view is the
provenance of this Michael Cohen probe
it began with Muller he believes that
this is sort of the fruit of this poison
tree so to speak to you of course I'm
butchering that right no matter for your
right I mean I will I will just
interject the president's stated feeling
about this is that he didn't collude
with Russia and because if he's innocent
I just have to interject that amazing
reporting today Carole amazing reporting
really I just learned a ton from that
interview Thank You Carole Enoch of The
Washington Post
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
