Michael the the panel was just
discussing whether or not Donald Trump
looks rattled and whether he appears
nervous given what he knows Michael
Cohen knows my question for you is while
this raises obviously heat and criminal
pressure on Michael Cohen your adversary
in the civil case it doesn't you know of
itself make your victory for stormy
Daniels more likely indeed it would
appear to be a separate case or do you
disagree well are you may disagree
because I think the likelihood of
Michael Cohen doing what they call
taking five which is pleading the fifth
amendment in the event that we are
successful in our efforts to get an
order allowing his deposition just went
up exponentially and of course in
federal court let's just pause on that
so we can break it out you are saying
that although this is a separate matter
involving federal prosecutors if it
continues against Michael Cohen and he
invokes his Fifth Amendment right not to
testify against himself there you're
saying that will then affect a lot of
the overlapping issues in your stormy
Daniels NDA case well I think there's no
question about that and because we're in
a civil matter in federal court there
can be what's called a negative
inference which means that the court or
the jury can draw a negative inference
or negative beliefs as a result of a
witness pleading the Fifth Amendment
when asked questions under oath so I
think it could have a dramatic impact on
our case negative inference here in your
case if this goes forward against Cohen
Trump's personal lawyer who had his
office raided by the FBI today the
inference would be that Cohen is a liar
is guilty or that there is no NDA well I
think the negative the opposed quite
honestly or it could be it could be that
he's not being honest it could be that
there's no NDA it could be that he
engaged in campaign finance violations
with the knowledge and assistance
conspired with the president it could be
a whole host of things that any other
questions and depending on which
questions he invokes does that amendment
on I think it's very likely that he's
gonna that he would take five in
connection with a civil deposition at
this point in light of the FBI raid or
today but I want to comment on something
that one of the panelists mentioned
moments ago and and when discussing what
the President had said about the FBI and
how conflicted they are etc you know re
where I come from if there's a federal
investigation into people that are
around you or close to you the last
thing you want to be doing is upsetting
them or taking shots at them publicly
that's not very smart I don't care what
your position is I don't care how strong
you think you are or how arrogant you
are that's not smart period when I last
spoke to you on this program Thursday
night you made a bit of news with your
reaction to the president's news on Air
Force One you also described yourself
that night in a legal capacity as elated
because of the heat that the president
put on Michael Cohen you said on
Thursday night he threw him under the
bus there's a lot of public evidence
that's true was Thursday a better day
for your case or is tonight an even
better day well Ari that's tough to say
I mean let me let me say this I take
criminal investigations and criminal
charges very very seriously and they can
have dramatic impacts on people and
their lives and their families etc and
you know if Michael Cohen has put
himself in this position or if the
president has put him in this position
you know part of me feels sorry for him
quite frankly a lot of people will be
surprised hear me say that but it's true
too
you feel sorry you feel sorry for
Michael Koh and why Michael well I mean
part of me does just because of the
seriousness of this matter you know this
guy I think he's been put in a position
where he's gonna be but he's gonna be
expected to be the fall guy the
scapegoat I don't think he's gonna hold
up in my experience any guy that has to
constantly tell you how tough he is
really isn't that tough and this is a
guy that has consistently made it a
point to refer to himself as Ray Donovan
and the ultimate fixer and the tough guy
and I think when push comes to shove
he's going to fold like a cheap deck of
cards I really do but you know with that
said I don't I'm not applauding or
high-fiving anybody's office is being
rated by the FBI it's very very serious
matter
and I think that this is the first
significant domino so salt and I think
that history is going to look back upon
this day and this is going to be a
monumental day well the president on a
Thursday refers everyone to his personal
attorney and on Monday that attorney's
offices are raided by the FBI that's
pretty remarkable the next big moment
will probably be when he takes this
amendment and and before I let you go
your statement about him taking the
Fifth Amendment is based on your
experience in legal practice that that
would be a safe route for him or your
knowledge of something about this case
well I'm going to say that it's both I
think that any attorney that would
represent him at a civil deposition
relating to the NDA the payment of
$130,000 etc I think it would be legal
malpractice to allow him to testify and
not take the Fifth Amendment
quite honestly I would fully expect that
I think that an attorney that would
allow him to answer those questions
without that advice would be absolutely
out of their mind
before I let you go is there anything
else that you wanted to convey on this
very unusual legal evening no I mean not
at this time it's a very dynamic case re
and you know who would have imagined
after my comments on Thursday that we
would only have to wait two business
days to see a number of those comments
come true for which and that's not the
truth I'm particularly smart I think
perhaps I'm just lucky perhaps you're
lucky perhaps your case has been boosted
by events some of which I think it's
fair to say you and your client have
engineered some of which we've observed
have happened completely unpredictably
certainly the air force one comments mr.
avenatti I want to thank you for your
your time tonight and I appreciate the
points you raised that there's a
humanity to all this when real people
are caught up in a criminal probe as
well as a constitutional dimension when
we think about what the president just
said Michael avenatti
adjoining us for his first response to
that news on the beat hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
