the FBI today rated the office of the
lawyer to the President of the United
States who knows what will be found
there a presence so secretive he's
refused to let the public see his tax
returns now stands naked to his
prosecutors all matter a paper could be
in what the FBI agents grabbed today
payments to whomever fixes of whatever
relations payments to politicians or
whatever dark figures the New York Times
was the first to report the story
meanwhile Vanity Fair first report the
FBI also rated Michael Cohen's hotel
room according to NBC several law
enforcement officials confirmed that the
search of Cohen's office was not the
work of most prosecutors that involves a
matter that the moer team came across
concluded did fall did not fall under
their mandate and passed on to the US
Attorney's Office in New York illegal
source or legal sources familiar with
the nature of the search said it
involved one hundred and thirty thousand
dollar payment to adult film actress
stormy Daniels Cohen said he used his
personal funds to pay Daniels President
Tom told reporters last week he didn't
know about the payment Cohen's lawyer
confirmed the news today in a statement
saying the US Attorney's Office for the
Southern District of New York executed a
series of search warrants and seized the
privileged communications between my
client Michael Cohen and his clients I
have been advised by federal prosecutors
that the New York action is in part a
referral by the Office of Special
Counsel robert mower he called the
action the lawyer did completely
inappropriate and unnecessary Trump
might have reason to be nervous however
according to The Times the seized
records include communications between
mr. Trump and mr. Cohen just moments ago
President Trump addressed today's raid
they broke into the office of one of my
personal attorneys good man and it's a
disgraceful situation it's a total witch
hunt I've been saying it for a long time
when I saw this and when I heard it I
heard it like you did I said that is
really now at a whole new level of
unfairness they raid an office of a
personal attorney early in the morning
and I think it's a disgrace
we're joined now by New York Times chief
White House correspondent Peter Baker
Peter the president seems to be doing
all out defense right now saying he's
been wickedly attacked at a witch-hunt
there's no fairness to it this guy Rosa
Stein who authorized this kind of line
of investigation obviously Bob Bauer
they're all the bad guys there's no
right doing with you doing this was an
all-out attack on those who raided his
office today yeah you could see his
anger he's obviously very upset about
this he feels like he's being closed in
on by all sorts of sides now suddenly a
whole new front in this legal case
against him by the Southern District of
New York US Attorney and the FBI there
so the frustration is very clear but
he's lashing out and he's leaving open
the idea that he's going to take action
about he did not dispute the idea that
he might fire Robert Mullah the special
counsel even though of course Muller is
actually not involved in this he
specifically passed this off to the
Justice Department he specifically
repeated his criticism of the Attorney
General jeff sessions for recusing
himself and he went after rod Rosenstein
as you said who has authorized the
special counsel so where he goes from
here is hard to say he left open the
door to all sorts of possible options
well he traced this all the way back to
the hurricane itself the very naming of
more to be the special counsel here he
talked about Rosen Stein who gave him
the job he talked about roadsign who
wrote the mandate for for moer it seems
to me he also talked about this being a
totally partisan operation all Democrats
or Republicans who served under
President Obama he's basically to me I'm
asking you as a reporter he's he's
setting it up for what we've all been
considered the Saturday night Massacre
to come when he starts firing everybody
well he's certainly presenting the idea
that this investigation is tainted and
corrupt and partisan of course it
ignores the fact that Robert Muller is a
lifelong Republican he is not known to
be a partisan figure but the president
dismissed him today as somebody who
Republican who used to work for Obama
and therefore in his mind obviously
suspect never mind he was originally
appointed by George W Bush you know he
is trying to suggest to the public or at
least to his base that there's no merits
to any of this investigation that it's
all a twitch hunt in effect to get him
and you're right that that could create
a predicate for him to try to make some
sort of an action along the lines you
described the Nick Sounion Saturday
night Massacre comes to mind as the
historical reference point hey there
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
