the New York Times breaking the news in
the last few minutes that the FBI has
raided the office of Donald Trump's
longtime lawyer Michael Cohen Cohen has
been in the news on two fronts in the
last week one for his payment to porn
star stormy Daniels and two because he
is of interest to special counsel Bob
Muller let me read a little bit from
this story that just crossed our desks
the FBI on Monday raided the offices of
president Trump's longtime personal
lawyer Michael Cohen seizing records
related to several topics including
payments to pornographic film actress
federal prosecutors in Manhattan
obtained a search warrant after
receiving a referral from the special
counsel Robert asked Muller
according to mr. Cohen's lawyer who
called the search quote completely
inappropriate and unnecessary the search
does not appear to be directly related
to mr. Miller's investigation but likely
resulted from information he had
uncovered and gave to prosecutors in New
York
let me read one more quote from from the
piece from Cohen's lawyer who says quote
today the US Attorney's Office for the
Southern District of New York executed a
series of search warrants and seized the
privileged communications between my
client Michael Cohen and his clients
said Stephen Ryan his lawyer I've been
advised by federal prosecutors that the
New York action is in part a referral by
the Office of Special Counsel Robert
Muller let's just remind our viewers
again as we said at the top Cohen at the
center of two political and legal storms
for Donald Trump both the payment to
pornstars stormy Daniels and he is said
to be of interest to Special Counsel
Robert Muller for his dealings for Trump
organization and questions around any
ties to Russia Peter Baker white chief
White House correspondent for The New
York Times is with us Peter I know this
is your colleagues story but any sense
of from the White House that something
like this could have been imminent after
all of the headlines and after the
President himself going to the back of
Air Force One at the end of last week
and when asked about payments to that
porn star said you're gonna have to ask
Michael Cohen a lot of
people saw that is throwing his longtime
personal attorney under the bus yeah I
did sound like that at the time of
course he's trying to distance himself
from all of this as if he had nothing to
do with it and that's you know obviously
in his interest but it's not it's both
surprising and not surprising that we
see this action happening today this
this this case has raised all sorts of
legal issues now for weeks what kind of
you know legal basis is there for this
kind of payment does it violate campaign
finance laws as an example are there
other laws that might be an issue and
that sense you know prosecutors
obviously have decided that they're
going to look at these questions and
it's interesting that robert muller is
the one who referred them there it's a
it also shows that he has decided that
there are limits to his jurisdiction and
his mandate he's going to stick to
things that are closer related to the
Russia probe and tried out to go out
color outside the lines in effect but
that doesn't mean that things he finds
out are just going to go wasted or left
on the cutting room floor he's going to
find other avenues to make sure
authorities look at them and Peter Baker
you bring up the central argument that
people who are philosophically opposed
to special counsel investigations in
general always raised that that they can
become derailed
the Special Counsel investigation that
you covered of the white house in which
I worked was about the leaking of
Valerie Plame a CIA operative the person
who was indicted was scooter libby for
leaking or for perjury this seems to be
the kind of thing that may reignite the
critics of Special Counsel Robert
Muller's investigation but your
colleague makes clear that this was
referred that this was executed by their
Southern District of New York and that
that you know a crimes a crime and if
crimes were committed in the in the
payment or the hush money and I think
stormy Daniels lawyer has raised a lot
of questions about possible intimidation
of ms daniels who was she described in
that 60 minutes interview that was
viewed by millions and millions of
Americans being followed and sort of
jumped when she was getting in her car
at a parking lot at a fitness center
with her young infant so that this this
could be related to any one of those
things is that right yeah there are
certainly different aspects to this
story that raise legal issues that you
could see being of interest to a
prosecutor
and I think to your point about Robert
MOA imagine if it had been the other way
around
imagine if he were the one conducting
this raid or conducting a new
investigation that looked into the
stormy Daniels case everybody would say
well this is an example of mission creep
of a special prosecutor just going you
know anywhere without any boundaries
instead what he's chosen to do here is
say look this is not within my mandate
this is not related to the things that
I'm supposed to be looking at so I'm
going to turn it over to the regular
Justice Department the regular US
Attorney who is supposed to look at
things in this in the city of New York
and he or she can decide on you have to
know that is we can decide whether or
not there is a case here to be
investigated and so in that sense he's
probably saved himself a little bit of
political grief
