look we want to warn you you are about
to see extremely disturbing images
showing dead children dead children
piled on the floor mothers clinging to
their infants trying to protect them in
their very last moments but it is
important that you see this so here's
the video
all right it we don't typically show
this kind of thing on TV but it is
crucial to see the horror that any
school-aged Syrian child has known all
their lives the fate that Syrian parents
know could come for them or their
children today or tomorrow or any day
under the onslaught of the Assad
government more than 70 civilians
including children including children
were killed in this attack
according to humanitarian group the
International Rescue Committee the
Syrian government has denied using
chemical weapons other video shows shot
shots show children being treated for
chemical inhalation as people know
Killingly now chillingly familiar with
the response to chemical strikes worked
to save lives if you're a seven-year-old
Syrian child you don't know any other
world eleven million Syrians have been
displaced four to five hundred thousand
people have died in a series of tweets
president Trump called the alleged use
of poison gas mindless and an atrocity
and blamed and this is noteworthy
President Vladimir Putin for backing
Syrian dictator Bashar al-assad saying
big price to pay seeming to imply a
military response and we have to note
Ally earlier today HR McMaster said
anything is on the table and you've got
John Bolton in that position right now
John Bolton is a guy right who is not
one who says we should pull out he says
we left Iraq too soon yeah let's let's
talk about the scope and the horror of
the civil Syrian civil war as it has
unfolded over the last several years it
does sometimes seem to fade into the
background of news here at home but we
want to show you just how devastating
this has been for the people of Syria
and for the world the conflict started
in March of 2011 it was riding the
so-called Arab Spring wave that had
spread swept North Africa and the Middle
East demonstrations against President
Bashar al-assad's rule were met with
violence from security forces snipers
fired into peaceful crowds of
demonstrators as Stephanie just said
more than four hundred and sixty-five
thousand people have died over the past
seven years now this is according to the
Syrian Observatory for Human Rights
it's a watchdog group
the UN refugee organization reports that
more than 5.6 million Syrians have fled
the country the majority more than 3
million being hosted by neighboring
turkey many are in Jordan others are
seeking relief across the Middle East
and into Europe and North America
they're becoming a nationalist boogeyman
in many far-right campaigns in recent
years more than 6 million people still
in the country
have left their homes they are
considered internally displaced the
Assad regime is accused of using
chemical weapons at least 30 times since
these uprisings began in 2011 according
to us the UN investigators in recent
news reports sowhat's the Assad regime
actually accused of using while the
chemical alleged to be involved in the
most recent attack that we just showed
you video of is not known yet the regime
has previously used chlorine gas that
was developed in World War one it causes
a burning sensation in the throat and
the nose the eyes vomiting coughing skin
blisters and other symptoms people
exposed are in danger of developing
fluid in their lungs even a day later
and that of course can kill you in the
attack last year that prompted a missile
strike from the Trump administration
sarin gas was used now sarin is a nerve
agent it prevents the body from
switching muscles off so it causes
violent convulsions and then paralysis
in high doses and eventually it causes
death it's a painful and slow death even
in low doses it results in coughing
muscle weakness heart rate and blood
pressure fluctuations and vomiting
responding to critics in 2013 who call
him a butcher for these and other
alleged war crimes to pacify the
population President Assad gave this
cold assessment when you have doctors
who got the link to
the patient from the gangrene if you
have to we don't call him but sure we
call him a doctor and I thank you for
having delight Wow now of course he's
referring to the idea that he's cutting
off a limb that limb being terrorism
being Isis but somehow a whole lot of
innocent Syrians have become involved in
this hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
