or in the course of campaigns that may
or may not be fully informed
back in January chief of staff John
Kelly made news by trying to rationalize
Donald Trump's positions on immigration
The Washington Post is now reporting
that in the aftermath of that Fox News
interview Trump berated Kelly in the
Oval Office his shout so loud they could
be heard through the doors it all plays
into the current state of affairs in the
White House the chain of command is
reportedly broken down in the West Wing
the post depicts an increasingly
powerless John Kelly after eight months
his White House chief of staff quote
Kelly neither lurks around the Oval
Office nor listens in on many of the
president's calls even with foreign
leaders he has not been fully consulted
on several key personnel decisions and
he's lost a trust in support of some of
the staff as well as anchored First Lady
Melania Trump over his sudden dismissal
of Gianni McEntee the president's
personal aide according to the post
Kelly's threatened to resign on multiple
occasions quote it's sort of a weekly
event said one senior White House
official Kelly allegedly grew so
frustrated the day that Trump fired
Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin
that Homeland secretary Nilson and
defense secretary mattis both reached
out to calm him down with us now the
author of one of that piece White House
bureau chief of the Washington Post and
political analyst for MSNBC and NBC News
Philip Rucker also joining the table
MSNBC contributor Mike Barnicle Mike I
have to begin with you with the most
difficult most important question how
Xander Bogaerts doing this morning well
we're still awaiting returns of the MRI
on his ankle but we'll find out about
Xander Bogaerts later after we find out
about Kelly's oh yeah the Red Sox of
course for those of you at home who
aren't keeping up with this the Red Sox
are 8 and 1 and the New York team is
doing just as well as everybody it's
expected the Mets just haven't had
lately tearing it up while Richard Haass
is hostes New York Yankees not doing
quite so well but at least you have
Stanton how about those uh how about the
Masters jealous then how many strikeouts
for this year a lot more than he has
homeruns winning I think all right all
right Philip Rucker now to the other
nose how long how long will this
continue did is it Donald Trump feel
like he has to keep general Kelly on for
the foreseeable future is he keeping him
on because general mattis wants him on
wait wait what's going on here why why
hasn't even fired already well Joe are
reporting indicates things are sort of
at a status quo law for a little while
Kelly has a very clear decline in his
power and influence and credibility
inside the White House but there's no
indication that he's actually going to
resign and certainly no indication that
Trump is going to fire him that could of
course change any day now but our
reporting indicates that the president
is content to sort of let this right out
for a little bit he feels like Kelly can
be a useful function airy at sort of a
staff level in running the paper flow
and the operation of the White House
even as he's lost influence and actually
advising the president and doing the
sorts of things that a chief of staff
ordinarily would do so Phil they in your
post piece it would after reading it it
would give you the sense that general
Kelly given who he is and who he has
been his entire life he's not going to
quit
it would seem but what does he do all
day every day now that he has a
president United States who I don't know
the last time that he released a public
schedule was something on it well I you
know I think he spends every day trying
to get through to the next day it's a
genuine crisis in that White House it
has been for some time now
a rather chaotic atmosphere and I think
Kelly is sort of spending his time
putting out brush fires as best he can
but he's increasingly out of the loop
with the president in those early months
Kelly would be in the Oval Office
literally all day almost babysitting
what the president did who we talked to
listening in on phone calls now the
president's making decisions on his own
he hired Larry Kudlow and John Bolton
without much consultation with John
Kelly he's reshaping this administration
and the chief of staff is sort of
watching from
room hey Phil its Steve Rattner let me
ask you a related subject which is Scott
Pruett and we obviously all know what's
going on there but what struck me over
the weekend was that what Scott Pruett
is accused of doing is multiple times
anything that Tom price did and had to
leave for the $50 a night condo the
first-class travel the security this
stuff in his office of the list is very
very long so why is Scott Pruett still
there when Tom price was gone well I
think the only person in the
administration who wants scott pruett
still and his job as president Trump and
that's why he still has his job the
White House has just completely lost its
patience and tolerance for the the
ethical blunders coming out of Pruitt's
office and not just that but but for
sort of the very strange political
strategic decisions that Pruett seems to
be making in how he manages this scandal
but the president is unwilling as of now
to fire him he feels like he's an
ideological warrior for the Trump cause
he's disentangling all of these
regulations he's accomplishing what
Trump wants accomplished in that agency
and you know Pruett met with the
president last week and has defended
himself and so for now he stays in the
job despite all of these blunders but
part of the cause was to drain the swamp
right stale president Trump's standing
by EPA Administrator Scott Pruett amid
these growing scandals according to the
Associated Press the EPA spent millions
for a 20 member full-time security
detail for Pruett unbelievable more than
three times the size of his predecessors
part-time security contingent and EPA
spokesmen cited unprecedented threats
against Pruett and his family as
justification for all this though the
EPA did not provide any specific threats
the EPA also cited threats to Pruit to
justify his first-class travel
coach can be dangerous right they
actually passed right by you in first
class however an anonymous EPA officials
said that Pruett flew coach when
taxpayers were not paying for his ticket
so it wasn't this guy it wasn't as
dangerous then he's
you know I mean abusing privileges right
and left
well the condo is the worst of it the
condo is $50 a condo from owned by a
lobby won't even pay for and then the
lobbyist said to lock the door because
he wouldn't behave the $50 but the idea
somehow release it you can't find other
people who agree with Donald Trump
ideologically on the EPA is ridiculous I
have no idea why I mean this guy keeps
humiliating him he he Trump gives him
direct orders he ignores them it gives
people raises when Trump says don't
don't give him raises and again there's
all these little autocrats and in
Waiting whether you're talking about
what he's doing are Zinke with his
buckingham palace flag and Menten
committing gold coins understand if
you're a fiscal conservative who cares
what he's doing at the EPA if he cannot
manage his own office and his own and
his own sense of entitlement is so great
that he needs a 20-person security did
not none of them are fiscal
conservatives that one's dangerous
little and harming him who's casting
he's good bulletproof cars I think you
probably as a bulletproof talk about
megalomania the sirens see trendy place
that I sure have never been able to get
a reservation at and then firing your
security detail when they go notice a
week we don't do that we can they could
become the poster child for exactly the
sort of things to people who supported
Trump we're against this kind of abuse
of public position here it sir let me
just tell you even though Donald Trump
can't see it coming the 30-second ads oh
yeah 30-second ads combining what he's
done with what zinc he's doing with what
tom is doing with why they may think
they can yell fake news those 30-second
ads are going to be so devastating that
Republicans are gonna bleed support and
the fall and they're not
be able to do anything about it because
Donald Trump won't move and fire a
corrupt head of the EPA Donald Trump is
allowing people to put Buckingham Palace
flags on top of their bureaus and meant
gold want coins with their noses on it
or whatever zinc he's putting on his
girlfriend of interior I don't think
I'll be getting people caring for kids
if you if you get these positions good
way to keep your head down
yeah and it's worth it somebody get
somebody that that like they that will
tell you how to spend your money and how
not to spend your money and you know if
you're fiscal conservative which none of
nobody in in Trump's administration's a
fiscal conservative and I don't think
they're any fiscal conservatives left on
the hill or they won't have passed the
largest spending bill ever without
reading it
right okay still I have wait how do you
defend that I happen to fall mica I'm a
conservative oh wait a second
I just signed I just voted for the
largest spending bill in the history of
the American Republic and I didn't even
read it now cold times no that doesn't
work
us doc thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
