we're gonna begin back in Syria where
opposition activists and groups eight
groups say at least 40 people were
killed in a suspected chemical weapons
attack over the weekend the alleged
attack took place late Saturday in Duma
the last rebel-held enclave in eastern
Ghouta near the capital damascus video
coming out of the region shows people
being hosed off with water local
activists tell NBC News they saw dozens
of dead bodies many of whom were
children in underground shelters across
the city according to a statement from
Syrian civil defense and the Syrian
American Medical Society
the reported symptoms indicate that the
victims suffocated from exposure to
toxic chemicals both the Syrian and
Russian government's are denying
involvement the Syrian government called
the allegations of a chemical attack
fabrications today the UN Security
Council is expected to hold an emergency
meeting to discuss the reported chemical
attack meanwhile a pre-dawn missile
strike hit an airbase in central Syria
overnight according to the Associated
Press Russia and the Syrian military are
blaming Israel for the strike saying
Israeli fighter jets launched the
missiles from Lebanon's airspace a war
monitoring group said the airstrikes
killed 14 people Israel's foreign
ministry had no comment when asked about
the atmosphere vitas obviously the
United States has much to answer for
in the lead up to the Iraq war in 2003
and for for much of the chaos that was
let loose in that region but the further
we get away from the United States in
the Obama administration encouraging
resistance against Assad and then the
United States sitting back and doing
little to nothing while five hundred six
hundred thousand people die and and
watching one redline after
another be run-through and now having
another president wanting to abandon
that region
how how are historians going to look
back on the United States involvement
and lack thereof in Syria and the the
international refugee crisis that it let
loose and the chaos in the hell that we
just absolutely refused to step up and
and and assist in in bringing to
resolution Joe I think future historians
will look back and unload a great deal
of shame on all of us and they should I
mean this is beginning to feel like
Rwanda for example where we watched this
train wreck almost in slow-motion go on
and on and on let me tell you what's
happening in the Pentagon today all
night the j-3 the Director of Operations
has been building options for the
president that j5 the director for plans
and policies is working on the
connectivity internationally and what we
got to do is kind of get the interagency
together Joe so this is John Bolton's
big day and he his job as the National
Security Advisor is to bring state and
and defense together along with the
national security team to make decisions
about are we going to move the carrier
as our carriers are mispositioned right
now for example we're gonna have to look
at are we going to give the president's
options for land-based strikes are we
going to use special forces well cyber
be incorporated will Israel be part of
this France has already indicated to
desire to help the bottom line is we
have to take action this is
unconscionable what is unfolding in
front of us and Richard the United
States policy has been so erratic it's
been schizophrenic we go into Iraq in
2003 in an unjustifiable war we stay
there we stay the course we finally
bring some semblance of order to the
region by 2008-2009 we then abandon it
in 2011
allow the rise of Isis in 2012-2013 we
belatedly start going in there crush
Isis and now we have another United
States president that once again in a
schizophrenic move now that we have
created a successful and a sustainable
model to actually keep peace in that
region we now have a president a
commander-in-chief that says to the
generals good job but I'm gonna do just
what Barack Obama did in 2011 we're
bringing everybody home because it feels
good to me it feels good to Donald Trump
to say I'm gonna bring the troops home
and yet chaos is loosened upon the world
so here's that what Donald Trump has to
think about one is going to exactly your
point joke does he find a way to walk
away from this quasi isolationist desire
to quote unquote bring the troops back
home and to move away from the one group
that has worked with us and fought
valiantly and effectively against Isis
which are the Syrian Kurds
so that's issue one do we keep a modest
presence there open-ended obviously we
should issue - do we respond to Syrian
use of chemical weapons which flouts an
international norm I would say we have
to issue and we have to do it bigger
than last time shooting off a couple of
cruise missiles may make us feel good it
doesn't accomplish any good thirdly do
we commit ourselves to getting rid of
Assad and there I think you could argue
that's still a bridge too far
that's far right now that's I do do we
commit ourselves to taking the eastern
part of Syria and doing what many people
have suggested for some time and create
a no-fly zone and a safe zone for
refugees to return home that's the sort
of thing that we need to think we've got
the Syrian Kurds were working with do we
create some kind of a humanitarian zone
do we basically say okay for now Assad
where is the mayor of Greater Damascus
right we don't like it we can't stop it
he's there but but but we are gonna
create a part of Syria that the Syrian
people can leave safe live safely and
even some can return to people you're
right more than what more than 60% of
this country is now displaced either
internally it's been turned into
refugees the question is do we begin to
take
Richard explained it's important
yesterday front page of the New York
Times and then if you look at Fred hi
it's editorial in the Washington Post
you see the same themes there is a
battle against democracy what has caused
that battle in Europe for democracy a
refugee crisis that these countries have
been unable to confront and that in part
was let loose again by the lack of
action in Syria if there is still a
United Nations and if that United
Nations has any teeth and any purpose
for existing would it not be to create a
safe zone a no-fly zone in eastern Syria
to allow these refugees to return home
the UN I do not believe will greenlight
that because people countries like
Russia have vetoes so this is a little
bit like Bosnia if there's getting Jim
sorry Admiral stavridis knows this
better than anybody if there's going to
be some type of concerted international
action my guess is you'll have to do an
end run around the United Nations
possibly do it through NATO in the
United States and some like-minded
countries in Europe and in the region
will have to work together because there
isn't the United Nations Joe there isn't
an international consensus about what
should be done and why do we have it but
still it can be a useful talk shop and
as you saw for example after Saddam
invaded Kuwait in certain limited areas
the world is able and willing to come
together but great powers increasingly
are disagreeing we are returning to an
era of international relations where the
idea that the major powers line up is
increasingly not happening and that's
what we're seeing on Syria so thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up to date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
