go you mentioned Cavanaugh's new op-ed
in the Wall Street Journal Cavanaugh
looks to overcome the perception that he
has after last week's hearing that he is
too political it's titled I am an
independent impartial judge in it
Cavanaugh writes I was very emotional
last Thursday more so than I have ever
been
I met have been too emotional at times I
know my tone was sharp and I said a few
things I should not have said I hope
everyone can understand that I was there
as a son husband and dad I testified
with five people foremost in my mind my
mom my dad my wife and most of all my
daughter's going forward he writes you
can count on me to be the same kind of
judge in person I've been for my entire
28 year legal career hard-working
even-keeled open-minded independent and
dedicated to the Constitution and the
public good so Joe obviously he's doing
a little mop up work there the other
concern that he didn't quite address in
this op-ed is that he sounded partisan
that he talked about effectively a
Clinton conspiracy against them to take
down his nomination and again you could
if it were in real time if you were just
ticking off a list of things that he
felt the left had had done against him
and their motivations and just off the
top of his head and just thrown out
there the the Clinton conspiracy that
would be one thing that would be
troubling enough but the fact that he
wrote it himself it reminds me of when
Ross Perot went and spoke to the
n-double-a-cp convention he said I wrote
this myself and then he went on to keep
talking about you people you people and
they were booing him and insulting him
and didn't really help him that he wrote
it himself and it's the same thing as
Brett Kavanaugh wrote it himself tore up
what the others wrote for him and that's
where you had the Clinton conspiracy
theories thrown in there and here's
here's a clip just for those who don't
remember what happened one week ago mr.
chairman ranking member Feinstein
members of the committee thank you for
allowing me to make my statement I wrote
it myself yesterday afternoon and he
no one is seen a draft or it except for
one of my former law clerks this is my
statement
this whole two-week effort has been a
calculated and orchestrated political
hit fueled with a parent pent-up anger
about President Trump and the 2016
election fear that has been unfairly
stoked about my judicial record revenge
on behalf of the Clintons and millions
of dollars in money from outside
left-wing opposition groups this is a
circus and as we all know in the United
States political system of the early
2000s what goes around comes around well
you know mica that is though it doesn't
matter where you stand whether you're
conservative or liberal whether you
support the judge or you don't support
the judge it's so problematic to think
about somebody like that sitting on the
Supreme Court where where there's never
going to be a decision that he makes
that isn't tainted by partisanship and
yes the federal judges can be partisan
they do have their own beliefs and their
own opinions but my god every federal
judge I've ever known has certainly
shown I've been fortunate I guess a lot
of dignity and you can't get them
talking about politics because they find
it unbelievers Sharpe and I might have
said a few things that I shouldn't have
said and I hope everyone can understand
no no we don't understand that at all
actually you're not sitting here
defending your name your this is a job
interview for the highest court in the
land and everyone is trying to
understand whether or not you are fit
for the job so I don't take his
highly emotional raging reaction makes
him guilty we have no idea whether he's
guilty of innocent of what he's accused
of but it does show something Susan Dell
/ CEO about his fitness and I really
hope susan collins and lisa murkowski
jeff Flake and outspend joe manchin
think about the display that he put
forward and whether or not he's truly
fit let alone what he said about
presidential pardons and whether or not
certain people from certain backgrounds
should have access to this country and
how he couldn't answer a lot of basic
questions about the foundation of this
democracy Susan and especially look at
how he handled the the senators who
asked him questions especially senator
Klobuchar he is a federal judge he is
used to high-stress situations he was
flip it flip it and really disrespectful
yes he apologized for it after but he
should be better than that he had been
practicing for a week he did the Fox
News interview as prep work that is
inexcusable on top of the partisanship
that we saw what's also just really
disturbing to me is seeing how President
Trump spoke about dr. Ford at the rally
and then a seeing senator Grassley and
Majority Leader McConnell their behavior
yesterday as if the president gave them
an OK to just kind of destroy any
goodwill that they were trying to put as
far as dr. Ford way and I think that
alone if forgetting even just using
Cavanaugh's words and looking at at the
president I don't think that Susan
Collins or Lisa Murkowski or senator
flake should reward this president with
this nomination he is now he present
from seeks to always divide us this
nomination will further divide us I
think about Joe leaders like Ronald
Reagan and how they handled adversity or
John McCain when that woman at the rally
said something very disparaging about
Obama right and you know there's a
a moment where you can really show what
you're made of Brett Kavanaugh had two
opportunities one in that hearing where
he raged defendant himself cried like a
baby and basically couldn't told that
said it was everyone else's fault but
his own what was going on and and
secondly in this op-ed where he could
have called out the president he could
have called out people who were mocking
Christine Blasi verdun afford and said
don't don't and said don't mock her
don't mock her leave her alone well you
know we have actually first of all you
want to be really clear I if he is an
innocent man and so for if you look at
corroborating witnesses nobody doesn't
appear that there's a crowd rule writing
witness so let's let's let's give him
the the the the presumption of innocence
just for this argument right here I can
understand him being extraordinarily
emotional I think many of us would be
extraordinary emotional if we were
wrongly accused of those claims but you
have a decision to make you can go out
and rail against partisans you can rail
against the Democratic senators and they
certainly had a lot to be attacked for
you could rail against the partisanship
that all the ads that run against you
but if you're going to do that you know
what be a politician run for office if
you want to be a federal judge you don't
do that you just don't I and and people
that are on Twitter saying well he was
attacked inside of it yeah yeah you know
what yeah save it save it for
politicians I get it it's a bloodsport
but if you want to be a federal judge if
you want to be one of nine people
shaping the laws of this country and
interpreting the Constitution you have
to rise above that and we saw an example
Jane this isn't pie in the sky thinking
by Mikah about how he should actually
have defended doctor Ford against Donald
Trump's attacks and said no you know
what that's over the line I
didn't do what she said I did but she's
been a hurt I my family's been hurt you
know what that's over the line you
should have he would have gained a lot
of points by doing that you know who did
that
Neil Gorsuch when Donald Trump was
attacking federal judges and Gorsuch was
up for a vote great point he went out
and he attacked Donald Trump for being
disrespectful to federal judges that's
the sort of leadership that Kavanagh
could have shown and in every turn he
never showed any leadership at all you
know that would that would have shown a
certain generosity and grandness of
spirit that we saw none of from Kavanagh
that that op ed is is all me me me and
they made me do it the you know the the
dastardly liberals made me turned me
into that that creature that you saw
yelling and and frothing at that hearing
you know to me I I don't I don't think
we should forget dr. Ford in in this
whole equation when senator heitkamp
made her announcement yesterday that
she's gonna vote against judge Cavanaugh
she said it was because she believed dr.
Ford and and you know we do have she did
give hours worth a very credible
evidence sworn testimony is evidence
against judge Cavanaugh and you're right
that that that there have not been
corroborating witnesses who who can who
can attest to her her virtually count
but it was it was it was compelling and
she really put she opened herself up to
to what has come at her including from
the president
and I don't think she did that with any
ulterior motive she did that because she
thought it was important and because
something happened
that she thought the American people
needed to know about thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
