all right joining us now from Washington
DC with a look at axiom national
political reporter for Axios co-founder
and CEO of Axius Jim VandeHei Jim good
to have you with us on this Monday
morning so what's the one big thing you
guys are tracking for us it's one of
those mornings where we probably have
three or four big things but the big
thing is what you're talking about our
Morning Joe
after what are the options for the
president in responding to this chemical
attack in Syria he is under tremendous
pressure now from Republicans in
Congress John McCain John Cornyn from
Texas just tweeted out that there there
should be a response to what happened
there the Israelis are putting pressure
on him his own Pentagon is going to put
pressure on the President to respond so
the big question is does he respond
aggressively and do a wide scale attack
on Syria or something more precise like
he did last time when we had a similar
incident and the other question is does
he do it alone or does he wait as he
tried to work with the French does he
try to work with with Great Britain to
try to get a coalition to have a
response to Syria I think we'll know in
the next a couple of days which way the
president wants to go because deep in
his heart he just wants out of there he
does not want anything to do with Syria
he fought his own Pentagon last week on
his own impulse to just get out get the
troops out right away yeah not to
mention that John Bolton's first day on
the job is gonna be today so he'll be
tester as well absolutely I know that
you spoke with Richard Haass was joining
morning Joe he's actually sitting here
waiting to join the show Richard he also
spoke you'd also spoke with Ian Bremmer
about some of the options that the
president has on the ground in Syria
what were they suggesting could be some
of these options yeah I think what
Richard has said and to us and what
he'll say on the show today is that
basically there's like a moral
imperative and a strategic imperative
that the United States does respond that
when you have these red lines when a
country like Syria uses chemical weapons
on its people that there has to be an
aggressive response to it and the
question is how aggressive and on what
timing and whether or not we have
partners in that fight and I think
that's what you're gonna hear from
almost the entire military and
Republican establishment over the next
48 hours as they try to put pressure on
them the Israelis are trying to put
pressure on them there's
courts in the last five or 10 minutes
that there's already been an airstrike
in Syria and Syria's claiming that it
sees Raley's that carried it out that
wouldn't be a shocker if in fact that
did happen and I think you're gonna see
more and more pressure on this president
to act Jim let's switch gears for a
moment I want to ask you about something
that access has been reporting on
exclusively and that is President
Trump's decision I'm launching tariffs
on China looking at how Trump world if
you will is whinging is waging this
trade war what are your sources telling
you
Jonathan Swan went up with a scoop late
last night we have will level more
details this morning this is crazy the
president in terms of how he escalated
the trade war with China where he said
there's going to be even more tariffs
remember this decision tanked the
markets and really I think shook a lot
of global confidence that this could be
easily resolved he did it with no policy
process he did not talk to barely talk
to his incoming economic adviser he
largely froze out his own chief of staff
and he kind of did this on a whim he
started winging our way into a trade war
and yes we were kind of accustomed to
that with this being president Trump
style but you're talking about a
potential trade war with really
unpredictable consequences that's
already rattled the market and eaten
away at a lot of the gains that the
president had bragged about for so many
months so the consequences of this are
huge it's arguably one of the biggest
strategic decisions he's made as
president and he did it
almost on a whim but it seems like
Treasury secretary Steve minuchin he's
also kind of being blamed in addition to
President Trump for the rollout of these
tariffs what kind of scrutiny is
minuchin facing now
yeah minuchin who's the Treasury
Secretary was involved in the process it
did help the president come up with how
he'd articulate the retaliation and he
did not share it with many of his
colleagues normally when you have a big
decision like this you've got a policy
process you have your chief of staff
involved you have your economic team
involved so you can understand what will
unfold and you can explain what will
unfold both to the markets but also to
your supporters out to your critics to
the world the people are upset that
minuchin did not do that that it just
sort of kept it between a few
individuals in the White House which
again
causes more and more chaos lots of
stories over the weekend between that we
had in the Washington Post head about
how John Kelly has been so furious that
these on many occasions threatened to
quit and that's just not good news when
you're trying to run a massive
organization like the government alright
Jim VandeHei live for us in Washington
DC this morning will be reading ax a
salmon just a little bit of course to
all of our viewers out there you too can
sign up for the newsletter at Axios calm
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
