Russia is calling a chemical attack on
Syrian soil fake news and China is
locked in the opening rounds of what may
become a full-blown trade war and for
real this time the president is acting
out a riff he used throughout his
campaign determining who's a friend and
who's a foe said friend or foe said
friend friend or foe friend or foe he
sees friend okay I think he's friend are
you friend or foe are they friends
friend or foe friend or foe friend it's
a choice the president has been
disinclined to make where two men in
particular are concerned Russian
President Vladimir Putin and Chinese
President Xi Jinping in a tweet Sunday
President Trump actually criticized
Vladimir Putin in this case slamming
Putin's backing of Syrian dictator
Bashar al-assad that's on top of the
toughest sanctions yet of Russian
oligarchs as for China in spite of
proposing 150 billion in tariffs and the
opening shots of a trade war the
president tweeted quote President Xi and
I will always be friends
no matter what happens with our dispute
on trade and somewhere in all of this
our people in the United States
uncertainty for thousands of farmers
workers and investors in a stock market
which just saw its worst quarter since
2015 and in Syria people dying and
struggling to breathe after an alleged
chemical attack for which both Russia
and Syria deny culpability joining me
now to talk about all of this Washington
bureau chief for the New York Times
Elizabeth you Miller former RNC Chairman
and MSNBC political analyst Michael
Steele Washington correspondent for BBC
World News America MSNBC contributor and
author of a new book out this week the
confidence code for girls caddy K plus
Washington correspondent for CNBC Kayla
Thao she thank you all for joining us on
this Sunday night caddy I want to start
with you to put this all in a global
perspective particularly in light of we
learned of this alleged attack in Syria
this morning now
no the President Trump last time he was
confronted with something like this
launched strikes against Syria a move
that the Obama administration declined
to make what is your sense of the
significance of what we've learned this
morning and how intensely the US should
respond well I think the president
suites were significant partly because
he took on Vladimir Putin in name for
pretty much the first time ever but it
also raises questions about what
American strategy is the president
launched an attack last time against an
airfield the Syrians have responded a
year later with more chemical attacks so
clearly that didn't work I think the
question for the president who seems to
want to his instinct is to want to
withdraw from the Middle East to bring
American troops back home to have a more
isolationist nationalist foreign policy
and yet at the same time seems to want
to play the strong man when there's
something like this and retaliate and it
throws into question what's his strategy
and there's a lot of confusion about
what President Trump wants to do is
going to do in the Middle East and
whether there will be if there is
another strike any more concrete follow
through in terms of strategy in Syria
than there has been
Elizabeth there was there's been some
some statements coming out early
statements from Republicans members of
Congress who are you know putting blame
with Iran and with Russia it did seem
noteworthy as Cadi pointed out that the
president in this case blamed Vladimir
Putin for this what do you make of his
decision to do that and you know for
folks who are tuning back in to this
story how important is Russia's role in
Syria right now quite important the
Assad would not be there with that with
that with that Putin and I think it's
very interesting we know that Trump will
not blame Putin when it comes to Russian
interference in the election in 2016
because by blaming Putin that sort of
calls into question the legitimacy of
his win this is very different Assad has
put Trump in a box right now a few days
ago as we all know Trump said he wanted
to pull out the generals talked him down
said you can't do it precipitously and
now it looks like this is a response
that the president wanted to get out of
Syria he has to blame somebody Putin is
a good one to blame as his Assad but I
just want to say also the fact that we
the this is a political problem for the
president we are not the u.s. is not in
the areas where the attack occurred
the u.s. is fighting Isis in Syria we're
not fighting the government of Assad
however it's hard to separate that out
right now
people here Trump wants out Assad
attacks you you mentioned the generals
and Jim mattis has essentially said we
need to stay in Syria is your sense that
this could potentially sway the
president to make a change in this
regard well he did say he wanted to stay
after there was a meeting at the White
House and he'd the generals talked him
into saying was Friday right and so so
for now the USB US is staying and again
it's 2,000 largely Special Operations
troops this is at keeping those troops
there is not going to prevent another
chemical attack yeah Michael Steele
what's your sense of what's different
here for a president Trump time we saw
last time this is a president as we know
who spends a lot of time watching the
news and images like these devastating
ones out of Syria tend to affect his
decision-making it does and I think he
was probably moved more by those images
than anything someone said to him you
know in the first instance because he
does have mental blocks that he puts up
at times but I think the images for him
just sort of recounted and recalled for
him just how sticky this is how
difficult it will be to pull out and
probably for now it's going to be easier
to stay given everything else because in
the long run
pulling it well just in the short run
pulling out now just opens up more
opportunities for Assad to do a lot more
harm so I think the president wants to
draw a line to the extent we use that
term in the sand that has boxed Trump
into a corner here but also Lindsey
Graham saying on television he has to
respond now or do something but
otherwise he's gonna look weak in the
eyes of Iran and Russia that's the kind
of language that Trump responds to right
he never wants to look weak and I think
that you know Lindsey Graham is also
slightly edging Trump into a corner here
too but the problem with that language
given Trump's propensity to be
challenged in that regard
you don't want him to come out and say
show how much of a man he is you know
more president than we may need in the
moment it needs to be a sober thought
through process and I think that's where
Madison not
we'll play an important role but Trump's
approach has always been that actions
speak louder than words that was his
criticism of President Obama that was
why last year almost a year to the day
ago why he chose to launch those 59
Tomahawk missiles before tweeting about
it we should mention and why in June of
last year when the u.s. got so much as a
whiff of intelligence that Syria might
be planning another chemical attack the
White House put out a preemptive
statement saying that there would be a
heavy price to pay this is almost as if
the US has fallen asleep at the switch
you had the president just a few days
ago saying that he wanted to pull out
you have Senator McCain saying that that
statement emboldened Assad to actually
do what it did and now the president has
to figure out whether he will act or
whether that tweet will stand alone
Kenny how much does how much blame does
the Obama administration deserve for a
situation I mean they said that these
weapons were supposed to been destroyed
yeah and and the excuse the Obama
administration gave for not crossing
that red line and doing something
militarily in Syria was that they got a
better deal this is what the Obama
administration said look we don't need
to use military forces we got the
chemical weapons out of Syria that has
clearly become a myth I mean we've seen
it not just on this occasion but we've
seen previous chemical X attacks too not
enough of those chemical weapons were
taken out of Syria and not all of them
by any me but don't forget when Obama
was about to strike Syria he turned
around and said okay I want approval
from Congress in Congress then we don't
think so so did the British Parliament
so let's not forget the history here
yeah no absolutely let's let's expand
this conversation a little bit Kayla I
want to turn back to you because this
prospect of a trade war with China it
seems as though and this seems to be a
like another classic case the president
says one thing one day another thing
another day his advisors say one thing
on one channel and another thing on
another Channel we've got some sound of
that we can play in a second but how
much of the decline in the stock market
at this point you think can be chalked
up to uncertainty around this particular
question well I think it's uncertainty
around not knowing what the president
will actually do because on one hand you
had it has his advisors saying that you
know this could be an opening volley in
negotiations which is how we hope this
ends up but then Kevin Hassett on
Friday said don't call the president's
bluff this is something that he wants to
do and the president is emboldened by
being the first mover in a lot of these
situations doing something that no prior
president has ever done before that is
something that really gives him arise
and that is a situation that advisors to
presidents Clinton Bush and Obama are
looking at this and say you know we all
agree that China needed to be held to
account for its trade transgressions but
this isn't the way that we would have
gone about it because of the
consequences and here's the president
saying you know I'm going to go there
right well you touched on this idea that
it's unclear exactly where everybody
seems to stand in this we had two of the
president's advisors on television this
morning talking about whether or not
this was a threat or a real trade war
and if you can figure out what exactly
is happening here then you're smarter
than I am take a look those tariffs will
be imposed in those investment
restrictions will be imposed
we're clear-eyed about this we're moving
forward on a measured way with tariffs
with investment restrictions no tariffs
have been implemented yet you have to
take certain risks as you go in we're
taking them we're making our case
nothing's happened so far so regardless
of who is right on that score and you
can be the judge it still could be the
president's own political base that
foots the lion's share of the bill from
any potential trade war that might
emerge on Wednesday China responded to
Trump's tariff threat by proposing some
of its own on us goods those include soy
beans airplanes cars corn cotton wheat
and tobacco just to name a few
China currently buys 60 percent of all
US soybean exports of the top ten soy
soybean producing states Trump won eight
of them in 2016 and according to the
Washington Post 82 percent of those
living in counties most directly
impacted by these tariffs voted for
Trump here's what Larry Kudlow had to
say on Friday about the pain that those
farmers might feel in China for not
playing ball don't blame the president
he stands enough for
American companies in business
technologies at the root of this now
that doesn't exclude our manufacturers
who get hurt or even our farmers who
might get hurt but we kill how China
which is a first world country now to
play by the rules they're big but we
can't allow them to steal our technology
Michael Steele the politics of this I
mean this is unlike the aluminum and
steel tariffs which spoke directly to a
population of people in the Rust Belt
this is something that you know
Republican senators are opposing that
could really have major impact in some
of these places where you know Trump won
well absolutely
the president throughout the campaign in
2016 never told its us that all this
winning would cause such pain and so
here we are now in this new environment
where there is going to be painting
there is going to be an impact on those
very communities that have stood behind
him the question becomes how they feel
about that and how they sort of
translate this the president's team
Larry Kudlow notwithstanding is is
hell-bent on moving forward on this
that's very clear I think Navarro's more
the key player here then then Kudlow but
cut loads out there sort of softening
for the markets Kudlow doesn't want
these big spikes the way we've seen
happen over the last few days so his
whole role is less about that base
that's best Navarro his whole role is
about the market about markets in the
Wall Street Kalen
that's why members of Congress are
trying to take matters into their own
hands during recess you had about half a
dozen GOP senators who actually went to
China and went to Korea to try to
protect the foreign direct investment
into their states because they know that
that's responsible for billions of
dollars and hundreds of thousands of
jobs and they know that that's at risk
those investment restrictions that you
just heard Peter Navarro talking about I
mean those could go after that very
investment directly into the states at a
local level
he had the federal reserve saying that
business leaders regionally are already
citing potential tariffs as reasons why
they're not investing in their business
they're not creating jobs and they're
very uncertain they're not talking about
the growth aspects of tax reform anymore
which they just we're a couple weeks ago
it was interesting so president Trump
tweeting that he was going to stay
friends with President Xi because the
one thing that is going to push the
Chinese to take action is when the
Americans or the American president
forces President Xi into a position
where he has to respond he cannot look
weak at home so when the when President
Trump criticizes President Xi on Twitter
that is disastrous in terms of any
potential Chinese retaliation I just
want to say I think that the obviously
the president president's advisers are
split on this I think there are some we
know who they are minuchin and Wilbur
Ross who want to negotiate with China
Navarro wants to hold tight be tough I
think we have to watch the stock market
this coming week and see how long Trump
can stand these massive losses in the
stock market and see if he can hold firm
because he is there's a lot of anxiety
with the president about the stock
market and we will be watching you
Kayla Tashi for all of the information
of that on CNBC thank you so much for
your time tonight I really appreciate it
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
