welcome back to KCDC some life lessons
from John Kennedy there joining me this
hour president and CEO of voto Latino
and MSNBC contributor Maria Theresa
Kumar White House reporter for The
Associated Press and MSNBC political
analyst Jonathan Lemire and Washington
bureau chief for USA Today Susan page
thank you all for being here tonight I
really appreciate it so I want to start
off by talking about the sheer number of
negative headlines surrounding epa chief
scott pruett it has been something to
behold
we have seen reports on everything from
lavish first-class travel to a $43,000
soundproof phone booth a bulletproof
desk questionable pay raises for
staffers and then there are details like
this one from the New York Times quote
mr. Pruit who often ran late wanted to
use the lights and sirens in his
motorcade to expedite local trips in
Washington to the airport or to dinner
including at least one trip to the
diplomat a trendy French restaurant that
he frequented and just this weekend The
Associated Press reported that Pruitt's
round-the-clock security detail has cost
taxpayers nearly three million dollars
in total here is how Pruitt defended
himself against just one of these
stories in an interview this week with
Edie Henry of Fox News President Trump
said he would drain the swamp I don't
it's draining the swamp renting an
apartment from the wife of a Washington
lobbyist I don't think that that's even
remotely fair to ask that question okay
so why did you then accept $50 a night
to rent a condo from the wife of a
Washington well let's talk about that
that is something that again has been
reviewed by ethics officials here
they've said that its market rate you
all night you rent you were there that's
exactly right
but that's that's kind of a sweetheart
deal because like our house in Oklahoma
you pay a mortgage on that and when you
don't sleep fitfully yeah yeah when you
don't sleep there you still pay the
mortgage right not when I'm not used
I mean yes but this is a tremendous
different I wasn't using the facility go
ahead go
this morning the president posted on
Twitter quote while security spending
was somewhat more than his predecessor
Scott Pruett has received death threats
because of his bold actions
EPA record clean air and water while
saving us a billions of dollars rent was
about market rate travel expenses okay
Scott is doing a great job
Jonathan Lemire is Scott Pruett part of
the swamp perhaps first of all let's
just point out that there's been no
evidence producer have been any death
threats that he that they're DPA has not
been able to respond a request saying
that has happened
Scott Pruett certainly has a tenuous
hold on his job but he is at least now
in there and despite chief of staff John
Kelly's urging to have the president
dispose of him
the president is inclined to let him
hang around at least for a little while
we saw from that tweet that he's at
least seems to be digging in his heels
for the time being and one thing that
Pruitt has that perhaps say let's say
David Shelton did not have is a lot of
help from the outside the Pruitts lost a
lot of West Wing advisors there very
very little support in the building
anymore there is a team of industry
leaders and Republicans a number on the
hill who have said to the president said
look he's getting stuff done
he's ancing your conservative agenda at
the EPA you know you should be able to
remain in his post the president himself
is personally fond of him
thinks he is doing good work with the
regulations but but if there is another
avalanche of bad headlines one wonders
if he can survive no really yes yes
understatement Susan page one aspect of
this that John Boehner didn't touch on
it seems to be also that Scott Pruett
has become something of an unlikely hero
for the right for people like Rush
Limbaugh who have defended him yeah it's
true I would just like to say that who
among us would not like to run lights
and sirens when we're running late oh
man to a restaurant reservation and I do
love the little diplomat
but it's it I think it is he has become
a hero to the right we I think all of us
get a lot of emails from conservative
activists and organizations defending
him I think the president's decision to
defend him today is is remarkable
because in any administration he would
been out the door by now even in this
administration he'd be out the door
right now how is his hours as offenses
less bad than than what pushed Tillerson
out or I mean it you know very Gary
Cohen and other people who have left
voluntarily are not so voluntarily but I
think that must be why the two things
that Jonathan mentioned one that that
Trump likes him which holds him into
good steam that's the negatives are
defending yeah but I think it's it's
actually exploring why does Trump like
him and the reason that Trump likes him
and it was in Rachel did originally I
did a really beautiful piece earlier
this week and it was the connection that
he has Pruett has two icon the
shareholder activists so basically
rather like a car like yes so right
after the president interviewed Pruitt
he said go March up two blocks and go
talk to icon icon unfortunate is the
same lobby actually talks to the exact
same lobbyist as the person that he who
surprisingly was renting a place room so
it all goes and it all starts coming
together you're like why does the
president like him oh it could be
because one of his supporters who
basically has been really close to the
president explaining to him not only
Washington but also has his hand in the
cookie jar saying you know keep Pruett
alone because he's actually doing the
service that we would like him to do
joining me now to talk more about this
is former EPA Administrator Gina
McCarthy she is now a professor of
public health at Harvard University and
director of the Center for Health and
the global environment thank you so much
for joining me a professor former
administrator I pick him pick your
appropriate title I really appreciate
your time thanks Casey it's good to be
here first of all how much money did you
spend on security in your first year do
you happen to know off the top of your
head no actually I don't but I know I
had many fewer security people with me I
knew I flew coach and I know that he's
comparing what I spent in for eight
years with what he's already spent in
one
how did you ever do what he's accused of
in in turning on lights and sirens to
try and go around a traffic jam in in
the instance of a personal issue look
let me just make something very clear
and the Obama administration it wasn't
just the work you did but how you did it
it was all about the dignity of the
office being a public servant guiding
the public trust I never did anything
that would would cause people to have
concern that I wasn't acting with the
dignity of the office I want to show you
a little bit more of the interview that
Pruett did with ed Henry of Fox News
where your name was mentioned take a
look in terms of draining the swamp do
you think it's a bomber cabinet official
rented an apartment here in Washington
it's from the wife of a Washington
lobbyist you don't think Donald Trump in
you know what I think about it you don't
think about it they won't even look at
those issues back then there are members
of Congress that have four years rented
rooms on Capitol Hill just the the C
Street is a swamp you know but you're
not you know you're doing the same thing
they did you're saying Edie
okay for you now I didn't say that
congressmen have been doing it you said
if the Obama people did it the media
wouldn't cover it so if it happened
before why aren't you changing so add
here's here's what the point I'm trying
to make you asked me whether they're
being criticism would have been
criticism with respect to previous
cabinet officials and Obama the fact the
matter is nobody's even asking the
questions back then here's why they
weren't because they weren't getting
things done like this administration
that's why those questions are being
asked so I will put this question to you
former Obama administration official
they were talking specifically about his
living arrangements what were your
arrangements when you lived in the
Capitol and did you have a deal with a
lobbyist or or similarly that you took
advantage of I rented an apartment and
paid for it with my own money it was
certainly not glamorous but look I was
there to do a job and I think we don't
just have to look at whether Scott
Pruett is becoming the swamp
he was really supposed to be draining
but also look at his lack of
transparency within the agency he's
hiding in his own office and he's
separating himself from the employees so
he doesn't learn anything he's not
following the science he's attacking it
he's not following the law so I know
that the president is interested in
keeping him doing his job because he's
being so effective but in truth he isn't
being affected when he's been challenged
in court because of taking shortcuts in
the law in the process that he has had
his actions turned back by the courts
and found to be illegal so he's making a
lot of headlines making a lot of
announcements about rollbacks but in
effect every law that was in effect in
when we left office is still on the
books today so the president may be
impressed with his announcements just
like he gets impressed with his own but
that doesn't mean that things are
getting rolled back but what it does
mean is you have an administrator who
isn't focused on the mission of the
agency who's solely looking at it costs
to industry rather than public health
and lives saved that's what we need in
this country is folks who understand
their public servants they have a job to
do for the public not for their own
benefit and gratification you referenced
and I there was a story this morning in
the New York Times about the possibility
that many of these regulations that as
you point out he is trying to overturn
he may be doing in such a way that opens
himself up to legal challenges do you
think then that he is not doing real
damage in your view to environmental
policy well the damage is that things
are not getting done you know this is
the first administration that I know of
whose sole vision for the future is to
turn everything back that the prior
administration did so I don't want to
say that there shouldn't be federal
leadership we need it at this time we
have real challenges to public health we
have real challenges to our own public
health and safety with the challenge of
Klein
it change it's embarrassing to look at
how the international world is looking
at us it's embarrassing that was ceding
economic vitality and jobs that relate
to clean energy to China why aren't we
wanting to lead the world both
economically and in terms of protecting
families you know they just announced a
car rule that they're beginning to
relook at they're already putting a
check mark next to getting rid of that
rule but that rule wasn't just about
costing business money it was actually
providing a a certainty years in the
future about what kind of cars should be
produced that will not just reduce
greenhouse gases at a fuel and climate
change but actually save families money
up to eight thousand dollars over the
life of the vehicle so we did our jobs
well and in this administration in
trying to get rid of what we did we'll
have to do their job well they'll have
to do the science they'll have to base
it on fact they'll have to reach out to
the public and they'll have to talk not
just about savings to industry but what
the cost of those rules out of public
health if we don't move forward Gina
McCarthy thank you very much for time
tonight I really appreciate it great to
be here thanks let's talk a little bit
about about this in a slightly broader
context the president has said that he's
close to having the cabinet than he
wants but not quite it seems clear based
on this slew of negative headlines that
Scott Pruett is somebody he wants in his
cabinet and I think we have actually
seen the effect of the changes in the
cabinet in the White House staff with
the president in recent months I think
he is more comfortable with the powers
of the presidency he is less patient
with those who say you don't really
understand you need to take it slow
don't say that you need to peel it back
he is he is and that's why we see him
for instance making the statements he
did on Syria which now he is having to
walk back in the face of these terrible
chemical he's bringing in people a
number of them from Fox News but he's
bringing in people who are supportive
largely of his agenda as you said he's
definitely has less
patience for being managed or handled
which is also why the chief of staff is
still his chief of staff I think there's
a sense in the West Wing that John
Kelly's days are numbered but the
president is is retired of Kelly trying
to box him in tried tired of trying to
control him and restrict his access to
his advisors after hours or people
coming into the Oval Office and then he
started cutting the chief of staff out
of a number of key decisions and who did
he talk about wanting to replace Kelly
with as chief of staff Scott Pruitt
Attorney General writes good I think
that's Attorney General there's a
policeman that Pruitt himself and his
team sort of is believed to be the
source and a lot of those challenged
right now and I think that you you you
know that the challenge right now is
that the people he's surrounding with
now with him is not there not only yes
people but they also know how to spin
the media so these are they're Rumple he
sees on television exactly so they know
that he knows that he can go ahead and
trout them on they he already knows what
they're going to say and he also knows
how to spend the rest of the American
public to his position and that is
really I think that we should be
concerned to many folks because they're
not gonna be able to actually basically
say oh my gosh is he really telling the
truth no they've already they already
know the talking points and they've
internalized them to this place that's
gonna be really difficult for us to
actually identify the real nuance with
this policies hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
