here's the bottom line I am proud to be
the chief political analyst at Sinclair
my goal with every segment is to tell
you facts which you may not already know
and then my take on those facts I'm a
thrill to keep sharing the truth and my
perspective with you day in and day out
thank you for tuning in
well good morning and welcome back to am
joy former Trump campaign spokesman
turned Sinclair Broadcast Group
political frontman Boris Epstein wasn't
the only Sinclair higher spinning
conservative propaganda on the ones and
twos while Sinclair usually leaves it up
to the corporate picked Talking Heads
like Morris to blanket its 193 local
stations with right-wing talking points
this week thanks to a mash-up by the
folks at Deadspin we learned Sinclair
has forced its local anchors to join in
the sharing of biased and false news has
come all too common
this is extremely dangerous to our
democracy this is extremely dangerous to
our democracy this is extremely
dangerous to our democracy extremely
dangerous to our democracy that was just
one of the latest must run segments and
clear Media Group requires all of the
local news stations it owns or operates
to air during their regular programming
to the thirty nine percent of Americans
who live within Sinclairs broadcasting
reach some of those anchors feel that
Sinclair's crossed the line by requiring
them to trumpet anti media talking
points in an anonymous op-ed posted on
voxcom
they explain we're disturbed by the
editorial direction our leadership is
taking and we want people to know that
many of us at Sinclair reject what our
company is doing we're writing this
anonymously because if we spoke out
under our names we could lose our jobs
and potentially owe money to Sinclair
those threats to the journalists careers
and livelihoods might explain the
hostage video quality of the must air
reads soon enough Sinclair may increase
its reach from 39% of Americans to 72
percent if Sinclair is able to complete
its purchase of Tribune media and
circumvent an FCC rule that at least on
paper caps of broadcast companies reach
at 39% of television owning homes
joining me now is Kirk quiet former
anchor for a Sinclair Broadcast Group
station in Baltimore
Erin White's former news director for
Sinclair in Sioux City Iowa and joining
me by phone is Chuck Plunkett editorial
page editor for The Denver Post thank
you all for being here and I'm gonna
start with you Aaron Aaron because a lot
of people you know went after these
these anchors who read these must read
statements and sort of you know made
them out to be puppets but can you just
explain the situation that they are in
because it's not as if they could say no
can you just explain why that is the
short version is that they're all under
contract and they're all expected to do
what corporate asks of them
and if they had refused that would have
been insubordination just like in any
job but working for Sinclair those
contracts have specific what are called
liquidated damages and so they might
have been liable for tens of thousands
of dollars if they end up terminating
those contracts early and you know
Donald Trump of course loved what he was
seeing there and no hit out against the
criticism that it that it received after
the Deadspin post the fake news networks
he posted those that knowingly have a
sick and biased all-caps agenda are
worried about the competition and
quality of syncher broadcast the fakers
at CNN NBC ABC and CBS have done so much
decided supporting as you'd only be
allowed to get award for fiction blah
blah blah blah meanwhile a little bit
more of this Vox article where
journalists at st. Claire news station
were pissed here's a little bit of it
most of the time we don't feel like we
work for Sinclair we feel like local
journalists who cover what's going on in
our communities our corporate leaders
don't influence our local stories they
do feed us a stream of
conservative-leaning national nationally
focused content and Kirk can you just
sort of give us
I mean local news anchors are very
trusted they're still the most trusted
journalists in the country talk a little
bit about what it's like to work for a
company that is so openly ideological
well it's been a few years since I've
been at Sinclair but I've got some
communication from a producer who was
there until recently I just want to give
you a couple of lines of what she wrote
to give you an idea says the must run
content was always not balanced and
working the most recent election she
means back in 2016 I knew it was time to
make a change I didn't feel like we were
journalists anymore I felt like we were
being told what to do and what to say
enjoy this is a company that always
wanted to centralize things I pulled an
article from David feau conflict' when
he was the media critic for a media
columnist for the Baltimore Sun back in
2001 talking about whether central
weather is one of the most important
things that you need to have local but
what they were proposing to do and did
do for a while is have remote weather
cast said they'd have one weather anchor
but beyond 10-12 stations they also for
a while
had a situation where they had news
central where they'd have all these
national must run stories that are swung
the way they want them with a certain
perspective fed out
to many many stations across the nation
and then just have some local content
put in and you were mentioning Vox
earlier joy Apple do they've got a very
interesting interactive chart showing
you if this Tribune merger takes place
which is a 3.9 billion dollar deal you
got to realize the market capitalization
of Sinclair is only it sounds like a big
number but it's only three billion
dollars so this takeover is larger than
the current market capitalization of
Sinclair and it would involve some very
major cities which they don't have a
presence and now Sinclair a presence in
many smaller and secondary markets but
to give you an idea here in Las Vegas
eight stations even a tiny market like
Missoula Montana they would control
virtually almost all the airwaves there
was six station Salt Lake City ten
stations Portland eleven stations this
is such a far cry from the way it was
back in the day when I was a kid
in 1975 starting in the industry when
you had the 777 rule which was later
expanded to the 12/12/12 which means you
could own 7 am-7 FM and 7 televisions
that's when you had local control that's
when the owners are really basically
family businesses yeah and Erin you you
were nodding there and you know part of
the the challenge here is because when
we say own stations what people need to
understand as we're talking about they
own CBS ABC and NBC affiliates so to the
viewer they're watching NBC or ABC or
CBS the same people that the president
was attacking but you know just tell us
how it feels as a news director to know
that that this really trusted medium put
up the stats here on the trust that
people have in local news you know local
news 60 percent say they have some at 25
percent a lot that is 85 percent of
people saying they have some or a lot of
trust in their local news the idea that
accompanied it to the outside world just
seems to be CBS ABC or NBC is feeding
you an ideological line how does that
feel to be as a former insider for a
news director both as a former insider
as someone who literally grew up in a
newsroom buy it my mother was an anchor
in Tucson for 30 years so I grew up
knowing about that trust that folks have
in their local community and if there's
any good that has come out of this it's
the the awareness of the difference that
ownership groups can make and folks are
now aware and looking up which stations
in my market are
by Sinclair am I getting fed the slanted
national content so the fact that people
are now being aware and looking for it I
think is a great thing and and Erin do
you think I mean there are a lot of
people who are talking about boycotting
there is one candidate so far who said
she will not allow her ads to be bought
on Sinclair stations would that work I
don't know at the end of the day I don't
think the the upper management at
Sinclair is in this for the money I
think they're they're in it for their
political band so if all the advertisers
even in a Portland or a Seattle
disappeared would it really get their
attention I don't know I think you'd
have to ask David Smith the CEO that
yeah I want to bring in Chuck Plunkett
because this is not just an issue of TV
ownership which is you know the idea
they could get in 72% of markets is
something people should pay attention to
but you also have this happening at a
time when newspapers I mean I grew up in
Denver Colorado I grew up reading the
Denver Post we had a weekly subscription
to it I was got the crossword first
sorry to my brother and sister I grabbed
that and the comics my sister would get
those but we read the new The Denver
Post it was our regular reading and now
you have this rebellion taking place
against the hedge fund that owns that
paper and here's a little bit from the
op-ed unprecedented written by members
of the editorial staff at the Denver
Post on Monday more than two dozen
reporters editors photographers
videographers page designers digital
producers an opinion staff will walk out
the door our marching orders are to cut
a full 30 percent of the sturdy by the
start of July consider this editorial in
the Sunday's perspective offerings a
plea to Alden an owner of digital first
medium one of the largest newspaper
chains in the country to rethink its
business strategy across all newspaper
holdings truck tell us what what brought
about that iPad thanks for having me joy
and thanks for reading The Denver Post
you know we've been through a lot of
cuts since 2010 when Alden took over and
we've had a newsroom of greater than
when I joined back in 2003 more than 300
and when Alden took the reins in 2010
about 250 and we've we've shrunk down
now to less than 100 and after Monday
we'll be getting into the 60 range and
this is in a city of 700,000 folks and
that
nearly three million 100,000 people have
moved to Denver since Alden took control
and so we don't see that we are serving
the readers anywhere close to what we're
supposed to do to retain and continue to
keep that trust the readers have in the
Denver Post and we felt like this recent
round of cuts went way too far and we
had to step in and say some people and
then one of the things that it seems
that on the members of the editorial
team are calling for is for some other
person to come in and by the Denver Post
from its hedge fund owners that did
happen in Los Angeles a billionaire
doctor took on the LA Times one of the
concerns chuck is that if you have these
billionaires taking over these what were
local papers that their ideology could
then become the dominant factor in the
way that the news is reported at what
our vital news organs to local
communities do have a concern about that
one thing that I can say about Alden is
that it hasn't been interested in
directing news coverage I just left the
newsroom alone the the problem that I
see is that you have where a swing state
we have a very competitive governor's
race unprecedented and in decades in
Colorado with a very wide field we have
a very divided Statehouse on any given
day it can be as contentious as as
Congress an active City Hall all kinds
of things going on in the political
world that a good newspaper it meets
needs to be performing a watchdog role
and you know vetting the candidates
vetting the political claims epic
looking into the political messaging
seeing whose interests are being served
and that's not being done anywhere close
to the degree that it should be because
of the huge reductions in staff which
can't help but how the chilling effect
yeah and Aaron you're in Denver as well
I mean I think the concern here is that
just on a wide scale it's one thing for
people to choose ideological media
online or you know if you have a
conservative bent to watch Fox News sort
of self-select that kind of media but
when you're talking about local
newspapers and local TV stations also
becoming ideological organs or just
becoming non local you know what is the
risk in that for for American democracy
in your view the risk I think of not
having trusted down
middle unbiased news sources is that it
makes it hard to get a sense of of where
the baseline is I read everything I read
liberal commentary I read conservative
commentary but I trust outlets like The
Denver Post to give me straight up
what's going on and the risk of the
Denver Post getting as small as it is
when just a few years ago when you had
the post and the Rocky Mountain Daily
News who had more than 500 print
journalists working in Denver now as
Chuck said we're getting down to 60
which means TV and broadcast has to pick
up the slack and if if that broadcast is
now coming from Sinclair where we know
there's directions toward biased news
coverage even in in local stations
that's that is a threat to our democracy
and Kirk it's also a threat a threat to
sort of the you know most people who go
into particularly in local news who stay
in it that the folks that I know the
anchors that I worked with in Miami they
really do have a mission in their mind
to cover the news without fear or favor
and to really make sure that the local
issues that are of importance of that
market are heard because that's not what
we do here in national cable news I mean
are you worried about the medium at this
point if people very wealthy people even
see local TV news as just another
vehicle for ideological these sort of
salesmanship well joy you've got a
situation here where every newsroom
meeting every time you get together in
that conference room to discuss what's
going to be on the show that evening
that's a form of advocacy journalism
because what is the story that is going
to make your newscast that night and
this is one way that subtly you may not
even notice it watching his show these
stories can be turned to a right-leaning
commentary one gentleman who put out a
commentary in the orlando paper recently
Orlando weekly he was a Jonathan I
believe was his name he was a reporter
and he basically talked a lot about that
because at his station WP II see in West
Palm Beach
he said that they basically couldn't do
any LGBT stories and everything a lot of
the stories especially the feature
stories had kind of a religious slant to
it and one thing that's been missed in
all of this is Sinclair had promised to
donate to the npp a which is the
national press photographers
Association $25,000 for their legal
advocacy but once the NPP a which once
upon a time their flagship in Baltimore
was the national press photographers as
the station of the year Scott Livingston
who is now their executive VP of News
was an amazing photographer but the
bottom line sinclair pulled that
donation because the NPP a didn't have
much good to say about these news promos
that have coming out of news time not
commercial time yeah indeed and they
used to know a lot of stations used to
try to bury them at odd hours and
Sinclair said no no we want these to be
airing with your traffic and weather
together we want these in your five
o'clock news category it's a scary world
we're in it's good to have the three of
you here to try and at least warn folks
that this is happening Kirk quiet Erinn
Weiss and Chuck Plunkett thank you so
much for your time this morning thank
you joy thank you and coming out thank
you and coming up a police involved
shooting in Brooklyn that deserves some
national attention that sex
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
