thank you to secretary Shulkin general
HR McMaster I wish to listen well Gary
Cohn the president of Goldman Sachs Oh
pics director Comey the greatest
businessman in the world
Carl Icahn Tom Rose is actually a very
nice person general Mike Flynn Sean
spike yeah he is a wonderful human being
I like mr. Bennett the Wrights is really
a star
Wow the White House has been rocked by
firing after dramatic firing meanwhile
Donald Trump continues to defend those
maybe should be fired like Scott Pruett
Trump defends the embattled EPA
Administrator again on Saturday saying
Pruett is doing a great job exclamation
point great and quote while security
spending was somewhat more than his
predecessor Scott Pruett has received
death threats because of his bold
actions at EPA record clean air and
water while saving us a billions of
dollars rent was about market rate
travel expenses okay
joining me now is Tara Dowdell of the
debt of Tara Dowdell group Jennifer
Rubin MSNBC political analyst and Frank
fig luzie former assistant director for
counterintelligence at the FBI Terry you
have worked with Donald Trump you've
dealt with them from his management
style clearly is about chaos but now you
have his chief of staff
what is this his second chief of staff
or maybe third and a half two and a half
th staff threatening to resign allegedly
on multiple occasions just sort of
weekly as his management style his style
of dealing with Donald Trump apparently
is to repeatedly threatened to resign
now there's a lot of worry that if he
were to resign the other general in the
cabinet general mattis the Secretary of
Defense would also resign the cabinet is
getting smaller and smaller he isn't
really replacing people just moving
people around is this classic Trump or
is heavy deteriorated since you dealt
with him I think he's definitely
deteriorated since I've had my
experience with him and I think it's
clear that he's deteriorated look when
it comes to Scott Pruett I don't think
that Trump actually cares that he's a
grifter right right he doesn't care that
he's literally
the EPA yep but what he does care about
is the fact that he's gotten caught
looting the EPA but he does not want to
fire him he doesn't want to get rid of
any of the grifters because Trump
himself is a grifter
trumpets carved out for his daughter no
tariffs for her and what and her and her
her exports to China right you know you
know no tariffs were her company no
tariffs for people who are close to
Trump there's a knockoff shoes our
finger-safe exactly so this is this is
how he operates but I do think though
nonetheless at some point scott pruett
dominating the headlines in the way that
he has and the fact that Scott Pruett
has been revealed earlier right stories
came out despite stories coming out
about him being a grifter a looter all
this extravagant spending on the
taxpayer dime he proceeded to continue
to grift and loot him and he's shown
that he does not care and that's what's
going to be his undoing and not only
that Frank but actually we go to
Jennifer on this one first cuz I have
another one for Frank but Jennifer not
only that but he also is thinking of not
just not getting rid of Scott Pruett but
maybe giving him a new job just moving
him over to Attorney General he was the
former attorney general of Oklahoma so
technically he's been an Ag apparently
came from a spectacular Lee sort of
corrupt state where there was all sorts
of spending issues even there but the
idea that he's thinking of actually just
putting him in a job where he'd be the
chief law enforcement officer in the
United States I mean that's where we're
at right now it is unbelievable the only
thing worse than having Scott Pruett at
EPA would having Scott Pruett at the
Justice Department
whatever you say about Jeff Sessions it
doesn't appear that he's looting as was
correctly pointed out the taxpayers
money his department's money I do think
however that there is a natural tendency
for Trump to get rid because that's his
personality to get rid of people who
have any spine any background in any
expertise in the field in which they
were appointed so it's not only that
he's deteriorating on the quality of his
advisors which was never very high is
going lower and lower and you're going
to wind up with people who are
essentially the same as the Fox News
people that he pays attention to this
very distressing situation I would point
out to my Republican friends who have
been apologists for Trump all the way
remember they said don't worry about it
he'll have the best advisors around him
I never bought it and by the way the
best advisers don't want to work with
them on Trump
yeah and Frank you know to that very
point at a certain point the most senior
the most experienced person in the White
House is John Bolton right if all of the
people that everyone has been saying no
no don't worry
maddis is the one he'll tackle him and
take the nuclear football oh no no don't
worry
Kelley is the one who'll calm him down
oh no no don't worry there have been a
series of these people if Donald Trump
gets down to the bare minimum we're all
he's got left our yes-men and people
from TV we end up with john bolton
having extraordinary power in the White
House and that I don't think comforts
anyone there are deep concerns with john
bolton being that person first of all
the role is supposed to be national
security adviser not national security
advocate you're not supposed to take one
position on all foreign policy which by
the way for bolton is very aggressive
and keep hammering that into your
president you're supposed to present him
options and all sides Bolton's not
reflecting that capability but even more
deeply disturbing are some current
revelations coming out about bolton and
cambridge analytical and Bolton's pack
and super pack which he's still tied to
he spent about a million dollars on
cambridge at analytical psychographic
targeting of americans and their data
this is our national security adviser
who's supposed to advise on risk and
national security risk to the president
and he now appears to be wrapped up in
that very risk that we're concerned
about and tara that you know donald
trump is obviously not experienced in
anything to do with governance right he
doesn't know his own mind because he
changes his mind depending on what's on
fox and friends that morning he just
says whatever they say or whatever
hannity says that that's what he thinks
in the moment and he's being
increasingly surrounded by people who
themselves don't know or just are there
apparently or maybe not just there but
while they're there they're scooping up
as much of the federal treasury as they
can taking luxury vacations they're sort
of viewing the job as an opportunity to
live well right while
slashing away at their departments and
gutting whatever their function is for
the American people I wonder what kind
of government at this point are we left
with because we are talking about Bolton
who to frank's point is all tied up in
the manipulation of Americans data as
the guy with the most policy knowledge
and John Kelly who's supposed to be
helping keep things together he seems to
be just as much of a disaster as Trump
right and that's that's the problem
Eugene you just laid it out and also
remember government at those high levels
under any circumstance attracts the most
ambitious people right and so now you
have a president that they know is not
someone who is a strong and talented
leader it's a strong leader then they
wouldn't feel so comfortable leaking
every single thing he did right so they
know that so you're gonna have basically
the only people that are going to want
to come into this administration it's
people who only solely want to set
themselves up for later and pull the
most that they can add to the federal
government for them their friends their
family and their cronies
yeah and that's what's happening Trump's
own presidential personnel office we
forgot about that that's riddled with
political appointees hacks and criminals
literally people with criminal records
are picking cabinet secretaries and
undersecretaries
that's what's happening right now people
with literal records are doing that in
this office of prep the presidential
personnel office which is understaffed
and its staff with incompetent people
yeah I mean I do feel in a sense
Jennifer like the government of the
United States sort of carry on being
picked apart by vultures who who are
just attacking the body at every point
and just picking it up picking up pieces
of it and and the people who are
supposed to guard against this at least
in the United States Constitution are
Congress here's Susan Collins of Maine
who every so often seems like she kind
of wants to stand up to trump and then
generally backs away but here she is on
the talking about the state of the world
today and the spending of Pruitt this
daily drip of accusations of excessive
spending and ethical violations served
to further distract the agency from
accomplishing its very important mission
I think Congress needs to do some
oversight after all we don't know the
extent of the recommendations made by
mr. Pruitt's security team but a policy
grounds alone
I think Scott Pruett is the wrong person
to head the EPA
so Jennifer keeping in mind that Senator
Collins did vote against Scott Pruitt's
nomination to the EPA she said she's
gonna vote no I don't know do you feel
that you do that any spine is sort of
being generated in the in the in the
backs and bodies of any Republicans
anyone on Capitol Health excuse me are
the Republicans not in charge of
Congress and both houses of Congress do
the Republicans not have oversight
Authority now I don't remember hmm no
not a single one
not a single hearing on Trump's
emoluments not a single hearing on his
conflicts of interest not a single
hearing and whence they pull up scott
pruett make them sit in the chair and
answer questions none of it they have
completely obliterated their oath of
office and it's absolutely true this is
on Congress as much as it on the end the
president first of all they rubber
stamped all these people who are
incompetent under-qualified had ethical
issues before going through in some
cases very now early because all the
Democrats voted against them and now
they're refusing to provide any
oversight I will say for the Democrats
this is a wonderful opportunity to point
out to the American people why it's
important to change the control of both
houses of Congress we want to stop this
you're apparently gonna have to have
Democrats because Republicans won't do
it won't do it in Franco that's not you
the only time we are hearing the word
oversight thrown around is when the Fox
News Republicans say that they want rod
Rosenstein to disgorge everything he
knows about FISA warrants like that's
that's it that's all they want is to
protect Donald Trump from Robert Muller
that's it
yeah this is an oversight by Congress
when they're digging into something like
this this is a desire to expose for
partisan purposes so we've got
situational ethics on steroids here it's
okay for Pruett to do what he's doing
but
let's let's micromanage the FBI and
let's expose everything to the public
that secret classified in helps protect
the nation yeah it's it is it isn't it
is a sad state of affairs we don't have
good news feeds on this on a Sunday
morning Taradale Jennifer Rubin Frank
Frank fig loozy thank you all
and coming up Stephanie ruhle joins me
to talk about Trump's latest effort to
destroy the world the world economy or a
world economy same thing but in the
means that we here at am joy we do want
to do our part to boost the GDP which is
why you can now purchase brand new am
joy merch yay
head over to the MSNBC store MSNBC store
calm where you can buy tons of amazing
am joy swag more am too I have to break
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
