good morning and welcome back to am joy
after months of silence and endless
tweeting about any and everything but
Donald Trump finally broke his silence
on stormy Daniels at this week in an
apparent attempt to distance himself
from alleged hush money paid to the
adult film star just days before the
2016 election Trump denied any knowledge
of the payment made by his lawyer
Michael Cohen Trump's comments raised
more questions than answered and may
have even made things worse for himself
at least our next guest seems to think
so
we waited patiently and lo and behold
christmas has arrived the president's
comments on Air Force One have are
serious for him serious for Michael
Cohen how can you have an agreement when
one party claims that they don't know
anything about the agreement I mean
these guys are making it up as they go
along they don't know what to say from
day in and day out and our case just got
a whole lot better and joining me now is
Michael empanada the attorney
representing stormy Daniels thanks so
much for being here
good morning so ok walk us through
people who are not in a legal profession
why is it that Donald Trump simply
denying that he knew about the payment
something that his you know team has
been saying why did that change the case
and how did it change the case well joy
our position has been consistent for the
last month or more and that is that
there is no NDA there is no agreement
and one of the reasons is because Donald
Trump did not sign it he didn't know
about it according to his claims which
we don't necessarily believe and
therefore you can't have an agreement
between my client and Donald Trump if he
never even knew about the agreement so
up until a few days ago he showed great
restraint and he showed discipline and
we knew that was never gonna last and lo
and behold he cracked yeah on Thursday
and made the statements on Air Force One
and as a result we don't think there's
any question at this
there is no agreement yeah yeah the NDA
is thrown out the window
you're pretty good a lawyer I think most
people would agree just watching you
work how long have you been practicing
law 18 years okay so I just want to ask
you some questions just in the way that
it works between an attorney and a
client would you or have you ever as an
attorney out of your own funds paid a
claim from one of your clients no and in
fact there's Bar rules that prohibit
exactly that you're not allowed to do
that as a lawyer as an attorney for a
client and the the explanation that
we've heard from Michael Cohen through
his spokesperson David Schwartz and
otherwise it's absurd it's just not
believable attorneys don't do that for
clients they're not allowed to do it for
clients well this is what he said this
is his statement in February he said in
a private transaction in 2016 I used my
own personal fund this is Michael Cohen
to facilitate a payment of one hundred
and thirty thousand dollars to miss
Stephanie Clifford neither the Trump
Organization nor the Trump campaign was
a party to the transaction with miss
Clifford and neither reimbursed me for
the payment either directly or
indirectly just because something isn't
true doesn't mean that it can't cause
you harm or damage I'll always protect
mr. Trump this is the part that I find
interesting about that it's all weird
but not reimbursed for the payment if
you do work for a client you build them
right correct so you have you ever
create an LLC for client a client says I
need an LLC if you create it for them do
you build for that absolutely
would you ever create an LLC for a
client on your own without being asked
to no and I certainly want to do that
without telling the client and let me
let me tell you a couple things that's
interesting about this statement that
Michael Cohen made you know I I think
this statement is full of what we call
lawyer speed right right
first of all it talks about facilitating
a payment well why not just say he made
the payment as opposed to facilitate
facilitate makes it sound like he did it
for someone else
that's number one number two what he
says is he wasn't reimbursed directly
from the Trump Organization or mr. Trump
he does not say that he wasn't
reimbursed by some other third party
where there was some other mechanism for
reimbursement and let me touch on this
point because I think it's an important
one and I don't think it's been made
lately or at least maybe even at all
let's assume that Michael Cohen for the
sake of argument actually
did this out of his own pocket and he
never was reimbursed for it at a minimum
he would have told Donald Trump that he
had done it now why would he have done
that because he would have wanted the
chips joy he wanted wanted the chips
with Donald Trump he would have wanted
Donald Trump to know you know what I did
you this solid yeah in connection with
the campaign and therefore you know you
owe me a little bit well so the idea
that he didn't get reimbursed yeah and
that Donald Trump wasn't even made aware
of it yeah is absurd
well in then there's the other part
that's weird is the making up of a a
fake name but fictitious name David
Dennison if the lawyer had created on
his own a fake name for his client can
that fake name bind his client and the
person he has the NDA with if Donald
Trump doesn't even know David Dennison
exists no it's not even close it's not
even close right so it doesn't make
sense because what they're trying to
argue is that the fake person David
Dennison is Donald Trump but Donald
Trump doesn't know David Dennison exists
and yet Stephanie Clifford is bound to
David Dennison somehow there's no
question joy that at some point in time
Donald Trump knew about this Agreement
knew about the negotiation and knew
about the payment and I believe that it
was prior to the election it was
contemporaneous with all of this conduct
occurring and if it wasn't
contemporaneous it was most certainly
shortly thereafter an either scenario
there are significant issues that arise
from that from a campaign finance
perspective and Donald Trump's comments
on Air Force One created huge liability
for Michael Cohen he threw him under the
bus he put him in the crosshairs
whatever metaphor you want to use but
this situation got far more complicated
for Michael Cohen and Donald Trump on
Thursday
can you two pose Michael Cohen well
we're gonna make a motion on Monday
we're gonna renew our motion that we
filed previously to take the deposition
of Michael Cohen and mr. Trump our prior
motion was denied on a procedural basis
the judge found that it was premature
because they had not filed what's called
a motion to compel arbitration first
they've now done so so we're gonna renew
our motion on Monday I'm highly
confident that that motion is going to
be granted we're asking for a two hour
deposition of Michael Cohen and a two
hour deposition of the president were
entitled to seven hours under the
Federal Rules
we think we only need two and I am
highly confident that if we get
depositions of michael cohen and donald
trump that we're gonna get to the bottom
of this and the prior statements that
have been made to the american public
are not going to hold up if you are able
to depose particularly of a president
united states under the precedent that
we saw with the monica lewinsky
depositions or the the paula jones erat
depositions with bill clinton would
those be made public or could those end
up being sealed well they could end up
being sealed if the other side made an
application and the judge found that
there was good grounds for that but i
mean i think in this case because of the
intense public interest in the case i
mean we would fight that we believe that
this should be an open process the
people should learn all of the facts on
both sides and they can judge for
themselves as to who's covered up or not
who's told them the truth or not and
they should be able to get to the bottom
of this you tweeted this morning
something very intriguing we're gonna
talk about you tweeted i expect a major
announcement in the coming days
regarding our efforts to identify the
thug who threatened ms Clifford in Las
Vegas in 2011 to leave Trump alone while
making reference to her little girl you
can run but you can't hide and of course
this is one of the bombshell revelations
in the sixty minutes interview what can
you tell us about that are you do you
know the name well I'm not at liberty to
get into the details quite yet but what
I will say is this we have worked
diligently over the last two to three
weeks or longer actually to identify
this individual we're continuing that
process as I sit here right now it was a
significant threat it was a physical
threat and involved her young daughter
at the time in her car she described it
in great detail it was not some minor
thing and that threat could have only
come from a handful of places and we're
pretty certain that we know where it
came from and again we're gonna get to
the bottom of that we're gonna be making
an announcement in the coming days
relating to that and we are not going to
stop joy not next week not next month
not next year until we get to the bottom
of exactly what happened here
what's definite Clifford Afraid of
Donald Trump at the time that she signed
that NDA
oh I there's no question she was I mean
she was I think she was intimidated I
think she was fearful for her safety for
the safety of her her little girl and I
think that she had tested to that during
the 60 minutes piece why does she seem
so unafraid of him now well I mean I
think that that she reached a point of
where a number of things were said about
her earlier this year and I think that
she feels empowered now she feels like
she can talk openly she's not going to
continue to be intimidated and you know
I think she's found a lot of courage and
I don't think that's going away anytime
soon this is a very dedicated woman
she's dedicated to the truth period yeah
she has now been she's also been she
told her story I mean the 60 Minutes
interview was pretty comprehensive
pretty detailed the Trump side has said
that you of your side that miss Clifford
now owes Donald Trump 20 million dollars
what's the status of that case well they
haven't yet made the formal claim for
the 20 million dollars but what I'll say
is this it's a little difficult to
enforce a million dollar liquidated
damage clause which by the way we don't
think would ever hold up but how do you
enforce a million dollar liquidated
damage clause in an agreement that you
claim you basically didn't know anything
about yeah I mean these guys are making
it up as they go along yeah so all of
these threats about they're gonna take
my clients house they're gonna take
everything she's worth they're gonna go
on an extended vacation with the money I
mean this is how these individuals
conduct themselves yeah they're
threatening the American citizen that if
she comes out and tells the truth
they're gonna bury her financially yeah
well I've got news for them that's not
gonna happen anytime soon
and Michael avenatti as an attorney
would you ever have a client enter an
agreement but not have them sign it no
it's it's never happened in my career I
can't even I can't imagine it makes no
sense this explanation that we've heard
from David Schwartz speaking on behalf
of Michael Cohen that Michael Cohen only
included the president's name because he
later wanted to have an option of
telling him it makes no sense it it
makes absolutely no sense
this explanation that Michael Cohen
entered in the agreement to protect
family business and reputation of Donald
Trump I mean this is in the this is in
the weeks following the tape from the
Access Hollywood okay I mean how much
business reputation and family was there
left to protect the whole thing makes no
sense it's gonna fall apart it's already
started to fall apart
absolutely well we look forward to
seeing we wonder what's on that tape you
you have you have definitely intrigue
people with that we will look for this
coming announcement lastly before I let
you go these other women that have come
forward where are you on vetting those
stories we are continuing to vet them I
mean we are going to be very
very careful before we agree to
represent anyone beyond miss Clifford
and there's a whole reason there's a
whole host of reasons as to why we're
gonna be careful with that any time you
have a story of this magnitude people
come out of the woodwork we're gonna
cross every T and dot every I before we
vouch for these folks just like we did
with miss Clifford I think what everyone
can agree on michael avenatti is that
miss Clifford is well represented thank
you very much for making it really
appreciation thank you and next up the
never again movement is coming to a
congressional district near you stay
with us
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
