this week we saw the first sentencing in
the rush of probe Alex van der Swann an
attorney who worked with former Trump
campaign officials Paul Manafort and
Rick Gates was sentenced to 30 days in
prison and fined $20,000 for lying to
investigators
we also learned from court documents
that a search warrant was issued that
was tied to Paul Manafort as recently as
March 9th that makes the 7th search
warrant against him and as we mentioned
we also saw reports about the
president's status as a subject in that
investigation Trump and his legal team
have been discussing the possibility of
a sit-down with Robert Muller but this
week we heard a chorus of opposition to
such a move from key Trump allies on TV
as a former US Attorney and somebody who
would be sitting on the other side of
that table I've said this all along
George you're sitting here before he
should never walk into that room with
Robert Muller because in the end one of
the things that makes the president who
he is is that he's a Salesman and
salesman at times tend to be hyperbolic
now we are told that Muller wants to
wants to interview the President of the
United States who knows nothing who has
been a witness to nothing who is not a
target of the investigation but the
president should not agree to an
interview the president should act the
most and sir written questions in a very
limited area and he should never ever be
interviewed there is a theory that this
statement was made by Bob Muller in an
offhanded way so that people like the
rest of us would talk about it and the
president would have a false sense of
security and going into the interview
stay away from that mr. president that
interview environment is extremely
dangerous if he's the subject and not
yet a target and they want him to become
a target they're gonna ask him questions
the answers to which will move him into
that target category back with me is
Carol Lee and joining the conversation
Julia Ainsley NBC News national security
and justice reporter and Daniel Goldman
former assistant US attorney for the
Southern District of New York Julia I
want to start with you you're new to the
the table this block at least from afar
how far along is the investigation
what's the sense that you're getting
look Katie I mean that's that's the
question we're always asking every week
and that seems
there are a lot of really a lot of
different indicators remember we were
talking around the holidays about the
fact that trumps legal team was talking
to Muller's team about trying to get out
of this kind of interview about doing
written questions we thought that that
meant they might be wrapping up and in
fact that was the advice that Trump was
getting from his legal team but we know
from things like how vast these probes
are going like the sentencing of
Alexander vanderzwaan
like the fact that the man of for trial
isn't beginning until later I mean these
are all sort of reminders of how many
probes this investigation has we know
that molar wants to look into the
foreign business dealings of Jared
Kushner
but it could be that something could be
wrapped up more discreetly concerning
the president and that is why the
president might already be under
preparations for an interview like CNN
reported tonight we will also want to
look at whether or not he is being
prepared as sort of a just in case I
mean we know that his advice that he has
been given is absolutely mr. president
do not sit down with Robert Muller but
it may be that there have been
negotiations KT between the legal team
of the president and Robert Muller's
team that have already moved closer to
an interview than we know and perhaps
those preparations are getting ready for
very real possibility even though the
president has been told that is not a
place he wants to put himself in Carroll
who is he listening to the legal team
that works with him behind closed doors
off camera or the legal team the
unofficial legal team that talks to him
on camera mostly on Fox News you know I
think it depends on the moment the day
what channel the TV is on I just you
know he is also of his own mind on this
and we've seen that he has a legal team
there are people even all of those clips
you saw where people say do not do this
interview this interview is a trap you
shouldn't do this and we know the
president has said that he wants to do
the interview and there's some growing
sense that he he feels like you know the
idea that he can't do it is some sort of
sort of questioning his abilities that
he can't handle Robert Muller and so we
see him kind of pushing back and saying
he he thinks he could do this and why
shouldn't you do this and that is going
to be the fight that he has with his
legal team and we just don't know who's
going to
out there I want to question the
characterization of an interview with
robert muller as some sort of trap
why would folks on television be
screaming for him not to do it because
robert muller would trap him if he walks
in there and tells the truth how could
that possibly be a trap well that
obviously wouldn't be a trap there is a
technical term which is called a perjury
trap but that is only when you subpoena
a witness to a grand jury for the sole
purpose of getting them to lie you have
no investigative reason to have them in
the grand jury that's obviously not what
we have here there's no whether you talk
about a voluntary interview or a grand
jury subpoena we're not talking at all
we're not in perjury trap world they're
just using the term they're completely
misusing the term there there's nothing
remotely close to a perjury trap here
there's an active investigation on
multiple fronts that relates to Donald
Trump he's a subject once you're a
subject of an investigation there can be
no way that there's a perjury trap so
that's just completely fallacious and
but what's interesting about what this
news that came out this week about the
subject is and and the fact that John
Dowd is no longer on the team is that
Trump is needs a very experienced and
qualified white-collar defense lawyer to
parse what that means the land of
subject is vast and you can be a subject
that's much closer to a witness you
could be a subject that's much closer to
a target and I think the president
really needs someone who can understand
that and parse that smaller doesn't have
that so far five top-notch legal firms
have turned him down I don't think right
now after John Dowd has left and given
the Ty Cobb is really representing the
White House's interest in this
investigation
my understanding is he does not have a
very Jay Sekulow is more of a
constitutional lawyer and my
understanding is that he does not have
someone with with a lot of white-collar
chops
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
