there are many things that I've done and
not only the 60 diplomats Germany did
for France did for we did 60 there's
nobody been tougher on Russia that was
President Trump on Tuesday reiterating
his administration's tough stance on
Russia and today they struck again
the Treasury Department imposed new
sanctions on seven Russian oligarchs 17
Russian officials and 12 Russian
companies the list takes direct aim at
Russian President Vladimir Putin's inner
circle and is considered the strongest
movie yet by the u.s. among those
included Oleg Deripaska a known
associate a former Trump campaign
manager Paul Manafort also targeted
Alexander tortion who's under
investigation by the FBI amid
allegations he may have funneled money
into Trump's campaign through the NRA
senior administration officials said the
sanctions were not a response to
specific actions but to hit back at the
Kremlin for quote ongoing and
increasingly brazen patterns of behavior
the action freezes all US assets
restricts travel and bans business with
American companies and individuals with
us for more Michael McFaul former US
ambassador to Russia and MSNBC
International Affairs analysts also
author of the upcoming book from Cold
War to hot Pease an American ambassador
in putin's russia also with us josh
letterman national security and foreign
policy reporter for The Associated Press
gentlemen thank you very much Michael I
feel like I asked you this all the time
but let's ask again more sanctions yet
again today are they enough well first
thanks for mentioning the book I
appreciate that one author I know it's
you always I really appreciate that are
they enough of course not and let's be
clear sanctions always take a long time
to have an effect in terms of changing
another country's behavior that was most
certainly true with the sanctions that
we put in place when I was in the Obama
administration on Iran it took years to
have enough
fact and those sanctions were much
broader than this against a much smaller
target the country and the economy of
Iran compared to Russia but it was the
right thing to do I support the
administration there has to be a
response and this this was an
interesting list but a serious list that
they put together and announced today is
what I'm rebooting gonna feel this not
only that the folks we mentioned but his
son-in-law is also on that list
well Vladimir Putin's going to say that
we are encircling him we are escalating
we are trying to destroy Russia and so
he's gonna rally his base his electoral
base and the people around him to say
that we got to push back so I really
don't think these kinds of actions in
the short term with Vladimir Putin will
change his behavior Josh let's talk
about timing the administration really
dragged its feet initially on sanctions
Congress passed them the president was
reluctant to sign that bill and then or
sign those sanctions and then he signed
it then the administration was reluctant
to enact them now we're seeing more and
more in a what feels like a much faster
stream why why is why have things
changed well I think this was a turning
point Katie in that the administration
seems to have finally grasped that
they're just getting creamed over this
Russia issue in the court of public
opinion they're losing Republican
lawmakers and that doing the bare
minimum was not really going to cut it
to a deal with that all of those
previous steps that this administration
had taken against Russia seemed like
forced responses to really specific
Russian actions ok Congress said you
have to sanction people will sanction
some people okay they allegedly poison
an ex-spy in Britain we'll kick out some
diplomats whereas this seemed like
something they didn't have to do but was
a pretty concerted effort to show what
administration officials described as a
reckless brazen pattern of activity by
Russia was going to merit a response by
the US and I think that their
understanding that they have to go
beyond what they've done in the past if
they want to put to bed this notion that
President Trump simply cannot stand up
to Moscow Josh earlier in the week we
heard that the president extended
an offer to come to the White House and
end of invitation to come to the White
House to Vladimir Putin are you hearing
anything more on that is that actually
gonna happen
well we're hearing that it's certainly
not off that despite the actions that
were taken today there is no end to the
the offer from President Trump to have
such a summit with President Putin still
the White House a possibility for the
location for that so you see this dual
track on the one hand we're trying to
show that we're tough on them through
administration actions and on the other
hand on the leader-to-leader level the
president is still offering some olive
branches in the form of a potential
meeting refusing to actually criticize
Putin directly you didn't hear the
president talk at all about those
sanctions today I think that's pretty
notable there's also another piece to
this puzzle and that is two new
administration officials Josh bolt John
Bolton coming in Michael and then
there's also Mike Pompeo moving from the
C F from the CIA over to the State
Department eventually once he gets
confirmed what signal is that sending to
Russia and what could what could that
mean for a policy going forward well
both of those gentlemen are have been
tough on Russia before at least
rhetorically with respect to ambassador
Bolton if somebody I've talked to and
debated about Russia with him before and
I think it will reaffirm the Trump
administration's policy towards Russia
and and the conversation you were just
having this this dual track I would call
it somewhat different it's everybody's
on one track and the president's on
another and so far that creates some
space and and what's interesting to note
if you watch the Kremlin media Kremlin
controlled media or media close to
President Putin they also keep open that
space they say we have the goods are
right that against the bad boyars
so the goods are President Trump he
wants to do the right thing the deep
state is doing the wrong thing and they
still want to keep open the idea that
that Trump and Putin could get together
and try to reverse this very bad track
that we're on right now interesting to
hear Russia use some of the same
rhetoric that's used here in this
state that Donald Trump is the person
and everybody else is out to get him
this vast government conspiracy this
deep state to take down the president
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
