today Axios wrote trump governs by
bluffing he has lived his whole life
promising big things and creating on the
edge apprentice style drama then
changing his mind the word trump uses
all the time privately and sometimes
publicly is flexible everything is up
for negotiation everything is zero sum
and the latest zero-sum game for Donald
Trump is bringing the United States to
the brink of a trade war but the stock
market doesn't think he's bluffing the
Dow Jones Industrial Average fell more
than 760 points at one point on fears of
that very trade war it was down 2.3
percent at the closing bell 2.3 percent
if you make six or seven percent in a
year on the market you've had a good
year to lose 2.3 percent in a day is the
thing
China threatened quote fierce counter
strikes in response to the Trump tariff
meanwhile Donald Trump and his advisers
are all saying completely different
things about a potential trade war with
China
well fellas we've already lost a trade
war we don't have a trade war we've lost
a trade war we're not running a trade
war so nothing's happened there is the
potential of a trade war and let me just
be clear it's not it's not a trade war
I'm not saying there won't be a little
pain I don't want to talk pain but the
markets gone up 40% 42% so we might lose
a little bit of it I don't want to
disrupt the economy president doesn't
want to disrupt the economy we need not
disrupt the economy we may take a hit
and you know what ultimately we're going
to be much stronger for it but it's
something we had to do and ultimately we
take a look it's not only trade with
China it's everybody don't blame Japan
don't blame Europe blame China truly we
didn't make that up joining me now is
John Harwood the editor at large for
CNBC John good to see you my friend you
and I talk business a lot but this is
there's some politics to talk here
president Trump said we've lost the
trade war Larry Kudlow says there's no
trade war Steve minuchin says there's
potential for a trade war President
Trump has said it's easy to win a trade
war it's just it doesn't make sense if
you're going into any sort of war to
have your jet
not have the same message that you have
well to some extent the conflicts that
you just described reflect the conflict
within the Republican Party the
pro-business wing the wall street wing
the wing that Paul Ryan the House
Speaker subscribes to
they don't want tariffs they don't want
the chaos of tariffs they don't want to
see the market going down but some
elements of trumps white working-class
base thrill to the idea of a fight with
China a fight with other countries over
trade and Donald Trump is speaking to
that particular visceral instinct the
question is how does it net out
politically in the campaign and I was
kind of surprised today to talk to some
Republicans and some outside analysts
who say well this tariff issue is not
such a bad one because it's going to
rouse some elements of the Trump base we
saw him invoking it yesterday in West
Virginia when he was going after Joe
Manchin the Democratic senator he's
trying to knock off and when I talked to
David Wasserman of the cook Political
Report who's a nonpartisan analyst of
House races he said tariffs are not a
bad subject for Republicans if it gets
them off of their tax cut because that
tax cut is so unpopular it's better to
focus on other things so the problem
with this one is it may have a very
direct result in in higher prices on a
lot of goods that the degree to which we
are all enamored of Chinese products is
is something that maybe we don't all
realize no question about it and and
that gets to the issue that you brought
up at the beginning is this just sound
and fury just a bluff to make noise and
then he'll back off remember what he did
on the steel and aluminum tariffs he
announced those with big fanfare they
said there would be no exceptions there
were objections then the exceptions were
carved out for US allies and you have a
much less stringent policy than he
advertised is he going to announce that
he's fighting with China and then sort
of slink out of the ring and not
actually imposed those kind of tariffs
that would be the difference that kind
of approach would be the difference
between noise without consequence if we
get the
then we're going to find out in farm
States that hurt from exports and from
consumers everywhere else who face
higher prices we're gonna see whether
they blame that on Trump or sort
themselves out politically given their
you know pre-existing alignments well
from the farm state of Nebraska
Republican senator Ben Sasse said this
about the Trump tariffs today he said if
he's even half serious this is nuts
the president has no actual plan to win
right now he's threatening to light
American agriculture on fire this is the
dumbest possible way to do this we've
heard this from Nebraska we've heard it
from Iowa we've heard it from Kansas
we've heard it from Illinois we sell a
lot of soybeans to China were one of the
biggest providers of soybeans in the
world China is one of the biggest buyers
so these farmers want to know that if
we're going to get into this fight
there's something for them that they can
look to as a win and it'll be worth it
right well if we get into this fight
it's not going to be worth it for them
until a lot of financial blood has been
shed so this is a difficult situation
remember there was a strategy on the
table when President Trump took office
of dealing with China and trying to put
pressure on China that was the
trans-pacific partnership that was
negotiated by President Obama deal with
11 other countries then we created a
treaty right exactly and it was designed
to put pressure on them
president Trump withdrew from that now
the trans-pacific partnership also had
new terms for NAFTA the modernization of
NAFTA was embedded within that deal that
was also thrown overboard now the
president separately is trying to go
renegotiate and after with Canada and
Mexico there is no sign that those
negotiations are getting closer to
resolution and so the president says if
we don't get a new deal I'm going to
pull out of NAFTA if that happens he
pulls out of NAFTA and goes to trade war
against China you could have serious
economic consequences throughout the
American economy and a significantly
higher risk of recession in 2019
as he's preparing to run for re-election
John going to talk to you as always
we're joining us tonight and to the
politicians that believe that their
right to own a gun comes before our
lives get ready to get voted out by us
joining me now is Lena Taylor she's a
state senator for Wisconsin's 4th
district representing part of the great
City of Milwaukee and near Tannen is
back with us
Lena good to have you with us thank you
for being here you're in a state that is
purple that Donald Trump risks losing
the next time around what are you seeing
in Wisconsin in terms of groundswell
movements and protestors and people who
have decided that they are not going to
sit by the sidelines as as Donald Trump
leads this country well the first I'd
like to say is I'd like to say that
we're a blue stay with red polka dot but
I will say in the last election that
it's very clear that we had just on
Tuesday that there is as the governor
tweeted a potential blue wave that will
come I know that justice dalit was able
to flip several districts several
counties that had gone for Trump she
flipped those and those districts went
to her in all areas of the state the
west the north the southeast only one
flipped in the southeast as well as
there have been many rallies around the
issues of women the women's march in
Madison in Milwaukee and so there really
has been a huge movement and then the
youth they even march to Paul Ryan's
district to tell him that they need to
do something about gun control in
particular saying that universal
background checks should be you know
done and they said they are not going to
take no for an answer and they're going
to be involved not only in marching but
in registering people to vote and going
to vote and that really is what's most
important people must vote near a couple
weeks ago I was out there on the mall in
Washington for the March for our lives
and I will say a lot of the groups that
we've talked about in the causes for
which people march are people who have
had some experience or at least they've
known other people
they've been part of a constituent group
that has marched the March for our lives
introduced yet another constituency into
politics a constituency in many cases
too young to vote or not yet able to
vote that tells me that this is this is
multi-generational generational yeah I
guess I would just say yeah you know I
just say that that there are so many
dark spots to the current moment the one
silver lining is that in the United
States Donald Trump has at least created
a counter response a large-scale
resistance that started with women that
is moving across the country it's
reaching Millennials it's me me reaching
out to college students as that as the
polls show that you indicated we're
seeing people who've never been in
politics take political action and and
83% of them will vote and more
importantly if they get stay engaged in
politics in the future they will
transform this country not in 2018 or
2020 or not just in those two times but
for for decades to come just as the
generation of civil rights activists and
activists against the Vietnam War
change the country as well and so that
is one thing I am incredibly optimistic
about in these special elections you're
seeing Democratic turnout much higher
than Republic internet that happened in
the Wisconsin Supreme Court Justice race
that happened in Conor lamb in North
Omaha just Democrats are just voting at
higher levels than Republicans Lena I
remember back to the day when public
service workers were were staging
protests in the Wisconsin State House
back then that was a big deal we covered
it for days and days and days but here
we the Washington Post Kaiser Family
Foundation poll indicated that 40% of
adults polled had contacted their
officials their elected officials in the
last two years so there's a there's a
sense of citizen responsibility here a
sense of movement amongst people who are
the most active but the idea that
they'll just call or email or or let
their elected officials know what they
think that alone is a development for
for America where our voter turnouts are
not all that great that is very true as
a matter of fact if nothing else you can
say that the 45th president has inspired
individuals who normally have not been
engaged in politics to be in politics
and I even see individuals from you know
senators like Pat Spearman in Vegas that
is running for Congress to citizens like
Kim Hill Knotts who is running for
Congress you have all types of
individuals who normally had not been
engaged to people who have been engaged
who are not only running for office
they're engaging in talking to their
elected official young people are
engaged people that I had not heard from
are asking to volunteer and to be
involved and now it's also showing that
people are doing it by going to vote so
if we can keep that momentum I really
believe if nothing else the 45th
president has truly encouraged people to
be engaged to be the change that they
want to see well we talk about being the
change that you want to see we talk
about Michelle Obama's admonition that
people should get involved Neera do you
see the Obamas getting more involved I
hope so I think you know they are
uniquely inspiring and not just to
Democrats but to the whole country and I
think the contrast between the demeanor
and adulthood I think Michelle Obama
would call it President Obama and what
we're experiencing every day with Donald
Trump is really important I appreciate
President Obama's interest in not being
in the news every day and not being the
foil for Donald Trump I think you'll see
as he did for Ralph Northam and in other
races I think you'll see more in the
summer in the fall of him campaigning
for Democrats I think the Obamas
recognized that the 2018 election is the
most important midterm we've ever been
through every day we know Republicans
will not hold this president accountable
if we care about
can ability rule of law democracy we
need people to vote on Election Day and
the president mrs. Obama can both
inspire that kind of action
Neera tanden is the president of the
Center for American Progress Lena Taylor
Wisconsin State Senator thanks to both
of you for joining us tonight
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
