it's Friday on the beat and you know
what that means it's time to fall back
this is our first Hollywood edition to
fall back Friday and it wouldn't be
complete without Hollywood royalty
comedian Joe Mande currently writes for
NBC's the good place you probably seen
his stand-up on Comedy Central vh1 and
even coda yeah and look I'll be honest I
am NOT a political comedian really but I
do watch a lot of news on television and
I've noticed lately that President Obama
looks very sad you know he looks
depressed I feel like every morning when
Obama wakes up he goes to his bathroom
mirror and says to himself you know no
matter what I do no matter what I try to
accomplish Will Smith's just gonna play
me in my stupid movie so Joe also has a
new Netflix special it was like yeah I
thought you were like a light-skinned
black guy and I looked her I was like
Ayesha for real that's the nicest thing
anyone
I'm saying I'm a 33 year old Jewish man
that's all I've ever wanted in my life
and comedian Andy Kindler is here you
might recognize him from his role as
Andy and Everybody Loves Raymond sounds
dated now after his current stuff you
may remember him from please don't eat
the daisies 50 years ago I think your
haircut and accent are also dated so at
least you're consistent hi our weekly
Jews control the media
Wow Wow let me play a little more of you
being funny oh he's so insane
he started Trump University but it's not
even the University it's just a website
how would you recruit students for that
excellent hair son you're on your way
did you care to see a brochure from
Trump University the best university in
the country that was in 2008 I was
nothing if not what seeing and today
you're nothing if not Boca Boca ratone
yeah well the words of vanilla ice ice
baby Joe Howe needs to fall back this
week I think it's pretty obvious you
were talking about him before it Scott
Pruett I mean this guy is he's spending
the government's money like a soundcloud
rapper who's just gotten a record deal I
mean he like he's got chartered planes
and flying first-class and he has a
$40,000 soundproof phone booth which was
like what is that it's like something
from Birdman's cribs episode or
something like so extravagant and then
it's on the news that he has this like
room situation where he's renting a room
from a lobbyist it's $50 a night which
is absurd he's trying to play it off
like no that's like the going rate in
Washington DC for example I think like
my dogs when I take my dogs to daycare
it's $55 a night her dog
like that can't be real yeah you
actually raise so what we love about
comedians is you guys are smart but you
pick up on certain things you're picking
up on the $50 part like we've been
coming to the news that we've been
covering more just the ethics skin
lawfulness of it yeah but you're making
the point that like at 50 why not 10 why
not 1 like what a fake price yeah and
also his adult daughter is living with
him which seems to be a theme in the
administration who needs to fall back
his tim scott and trey gowdy with their
horrible for first of all fall back with
that horrible book cover unified they
should have maybe had a meeting before
they gonna fight on that i think we have
that yeah and also also that's the cover
that's the nah maybe no there's a cover
and this was like what happens to
regular book titles how could this like
how we overcame article ii friendship
gives us hope for a divided country
how could you be against that nice
whatever happened to jaws something
simple that was a novel I checked it out
okay so and now the book is I'm almost
to the joke re wait when it comes it's
gonna be I hope you have tell people
about the left how they overcame their
differences how to right wing deep south
reach across the aisle and stay on the
same side that I bought was it their
love for Benghazi right okay number one
I get your point out that yeah like
they're not divided they out
together number two I would love to work
out with you because when I see how much
effort you put in the hood John joke yes
yes you know the level of real labor
that goes into it you just think well I
get laughs Joe anyone else on your list
this week I mean we could talk about the
hats that the GOP are selling yeah
freedom hats $35 I just have a lot of
problems with their look at that
it's garish it's jingoist I have a lot
problems with the the Trump just their
graphic design in general there's a
that's what is that graphic that's an
eagle a decapitated eagle it couldn't be
more symbolic of what is going it's like
the alright it's like they they go do
are you prejudiced and you like bad
graphics yeah
oh yeah why is it why is it missing
ahead why is the Eagle missing ahead I
mean asking the hard questions that is a
hard question and they're selling like
Republican hotcakes
I know that wasn't gonna be fun I think
stopping sometimes I can't stop it Ari
sometimes I feel like you are you're
secretly trolling all of us and you
wrote for The Simpsons right
no I didn't write you know I did write
for the city no guys I like to just miss
that was so funny he he knows anything
right for the Simpsons and then he says
on the air that as you know if anyone
knows and the killer you know his jokes
are not supposed to be funny what he
said I said that once cuz I and that you
know in my household when we do that it
comes from a place of love well you know
I love you I'm DMing you and the whole
thing well you know what uh you know
what they say it's going down to the
beyond idea it is vanilla ice you got oh
who is that let's see oh god II we go
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
