Scott Pruett the White House is still
saying that the president is standing by
him it sounds like they're not denying
that Wall Street Journal report though
that said that John Kelly was telling
the president that it's time for Scott
Pruett to go well let you hear from Sara
Sanders in her own words in just a
moment but I should tell you while that
briefing was going on it confirmed with
a White House official that earlier
today President Trump did meet with
Scott Pruett the circumstances the terms
of the conversation between the two men
we don't yet have those details but
again to let you know that the President
did meet with Scott Pruett on this day
obviously it comes amid a lot of
questions about the future of Pruett in
this administration the president has
been one who is felt very strongly in
support of Pruett just yesterday he
described him as a fantastic man doing a
fantastic job on Twitter today he said
that he is doing a great job that he is
totally under siege but obviously there
have been a lot of questions about how
long he could stay in this position
given all these questions all the
reporting about his expensive travel
habits about the money he spent just $50
a day staying at a condominium that was
owned by the spouse of an energy firm
lobbyist and more broadly beyond that
about his management style at the EPA
here's what Sarah Sanders said a short
time ago when pressed about Scott Pruett
and his status within this
administration even advised you know
this is a no one other than the
president has the authority to hire and
fire members of his cabinet it's a
decision that he'll make and right now I
don't have any personnel announcements
the president feels that the
administrator has done a good job he PA
he's restored it back to its original
purpose of protecting the environment
it's gotten unnecessary regulations out
of the way and we're continuing to
review any of the concerns that we have
and I'll keep you posted if there's
anything
anything further on that front as for
the various controversies that proved is
facing right now the president yesterday
aboard Air Force One told reporters I
have to look at them I'll make that
determination about his future but you
know it's become familiar around here we
call Friday's farewell Fridays for the
moment at least it sounds like if that
decision is to be made the president
hasn't made it yet
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
