Facebook chief operating officer shell
Sandberg admits the company failed to
properly handle user data in the
Cambridge analytical scandal in an
exclusive interview with NBC News this
morning she told Savannah Guthrie that
she was short on options for users who
don't want their information shared with
advertisers could you come up with a
tool that said I do not want Facebook to
use my personal profile data to target
me for advertising did you have an
opt-out button please don't use my
profile data for advertising we have
different forms of opt-out we don't have
an opt-out at the highest level that
would be a paid product that does not
exist yet by the way Derek Thompson
senior editor for the Atlantic is with
me what is and this is perhaps a bigger
question than we usually ask on an
afternoon what's what's Facebook's
responsibility for its users privacy
look it's a huge question but it is the
question so I think it's important to
talk about both the news here and the
story behind the news the news is that
Facebook is essentially saying we knew
that the Cambridge analytical crisis was
breaking in December 2015 we didn't do
an investigation we didn't do an audit
and that's on us we're gonna have to fix
that right now but the bigger story that
you're alluding to right here is that
Facebook became a five hundred billion
dollar behemoth not by being a world
leader in data privacy but by being the
world leader in data promiscuity that is
why developers used it that is why
advertisers love it and that's why a lot
of users liked it too because it was
free and what she's essentially saying
now is that this social contract that
Facebook thought it had with its
developers with its users is suddenly
coming undone not just because of the
Cambridge analytical crisis but also
because of this gathering storm of
crises that is greeting Facebook with
fake news and data promiscuity that
makes it look like this tacit agreement
we had with this social media behemoth
is finally unraveling I think you've
introduced a new terms of the lexicon as
well data promiscuity this is this is
Sandberg talking about Facebook's
relationship with its advertisers I'm
gonna play this and I want to talk about
this on the other side as well here it
is
Facebook selling we're selling the
opportunity to connect with people but
it's not for sale and this is what's
important it's free we have an ad based
business model and that is something
that I know people have a lot of
questions about so I'm really glad to
have the chance to answer those
questions we feel very strongly that an
ad based product which is free for
people the same way TV is the same way
radio is is really important good that
was telling the same way TV is the same
way radio is two industries that are
largely regulated do you get the sense
that Facebook is has accepted the fact
that the regulation is coming the
existential paradox of Facebook is right
there it's right there and what she said
she said what Facebook is selling is the
ability to connect with people but it's
not for sale and the thing is that what
Facebook is is itself kind of difficult
to figure out you're like Jeremy Bentham
and the 1800s thought about the
panopticon a prison in which one guard
could watch all of the prisoners all at
once a surveillance state essentially
what Facebook has built is a
surveillance state in which the inmates
want to be in the prison that was that
was the genius of Facebook all this time
and all of these new stories
particularly because they are tied to
Donald Trump to this crisis that we're
having about veracity and news and
democracy in the Western world it's
suddenly making us wonder whether this
is a prison that we want to be willing
inmates in Zuckerberg testifying next
week what are you looking for what are
you listening for I'm listening for a
how regulators how government officials
are going to propose possible regulation
for Facebook are they going to say you
need to be more like Google you need to
keep all this data in-house are they
going to make certain proposals for
rules regarding political advertising on
Facebook saying that when bonobos or Jay
Cruz tries to sell you an ad that's one
standard but when it's a political that
that's a different standard and then I'm
interested in maybe some people from the
far left or maybe even some people from
the right asking the big question on the
table which is is it time to break
Facebook up is it time for there to be a
Facebook and an Instagram and a whatsapp
and for us to disaggregate that which
has become an incredible aggregator of
social media power there Thompson we
always enjoy having youth
you're you on Facebook by the way I am
on Facebook indeed okay what's curious
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
