I'd be petty for just one moment quick
moment I I realized this is small I
realize if I were a bigger better person
I wouldn't let this like slide under my
fingernails like a very painful splinter
yeah I am but human though and so I just
I can't even like I just can't let it go
I know I should you know how President
Trump already has a reelection campaign
the Trump re-election campaign has
weighed in at all this mishegoss tonight
and according to them the time has come
America to put Judge Brett Kavanaugh in
the United States Senate what we've put
in where the Trump campaign writing
tonight quote no more games no more
excuses all caps lock the Senate must
confirm judge Cavanaugh to the US Senate
now judge Cavanaugh for Senate make
America proofread again I mean I know I
shouldn't care but Holy Mother of
word-processing right you represent a
person who happens to be the president
of the United States
this reflects poorly on all of us just
like higher sixth grader to write this
stuff just get back to the news I'm
sorry excuse me
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
