portes CNBC's Brian Sullivan joins us
now with the number is Brian what do you
got Brian what's it look like I mean
usually we want to be around 200,000
it's been even higher than that what do
we look like this month one hundred and
two thousand Joe and make one hundred
and two thousand the expectation was one
hundred and seventy eight thousand so a
little weaker than expected and lower
than we thought what isn't that it was
lower than we thought I mean average
hourly earnings came in a bow old we
expected unemployment rate unchanged at
4.1 February's numbers revised up but
January revised down you combine
everything January and February we
revised our numbers down by 50,000 and
March was a bit of a miss labor force
participation it's sixty two point nine
percent so a little bit of a softer
number Manufacturing added about 22,000
jobs that's good retail guys retail just
continues to can't get out of its own
way as Toys R Us as bankruptcy is
probably going to cloud some of these
numbers retail lost a few thousand jobs
remember when every Toys R Us store in
America shutting down a lot of people
are gonna be put out of work there so
retail was weak manufacturing good
overall the number though guys a little
bit on the soft side so Brian weights a
little on the south side so what do you
think caused the softening of Trump's
economy could you repeat the question
Joe why what you say the economy soft
why why we were expecting more than this
I think I think is the economy soft I
don't know the jobs number came in a
little softer than expected we still
added jobs which is a positive I think
the concern is going to be this we guys
have been talk about this trade stuff
and the tariff stuff a lot here's the
thing
retail okay we've had bunch of twenty
some major retailers go bankrupt I
believe it is in the last six months
thereabouts we are over stored probably
by five times the number of retail
stores we need in this in this fine
country of ours so I think that if we
talk about jobs and the economy we can
we can diddle around the margins as it
were and we could talk about trade wars
I think that when you look at the retail
component five and a half million
Americans the biggest single employer of
everybody in the u.s. is retail stores
retail is in trouble and I think that we
talked about a softening the economy if
we don't get maybe some retail help
then perhaps we will have a softening
its throat what's driving that
you could point to a lot of different
things some people point to Amazon some
people will point to I know the
president's got some views on that
company some people would point to
Walmart some people would point to the
fact that private equity has bought too
many retailers saddled them with debt
and they simply cannot exist with
weakening sales and a bunch of debt
slapped on by private equity most of the
bankruptcies by the way in retail have
been retailers that at one point were
bought by private equity firms loaded up
with a pile of debt and simply couldn't
get out from under that either way the
United States has a multiple times more
square footage space to go to the retail
then the next highest nation I mean
there's a Starbucks inside of a
Starbucks on many town corners you know
that so weakening I think retail but
overall the number a little bit soft Joe
in what you said was the the Trump
economy all right I was repeating you
the NBC's Brian Sullivan thank you very
much still ahead you think it's the
Amazon effect no Sheryl Sandberg
is speaking exclusively with NBC about
Facebook's major data mining scandal
what she said about the company's plan
to address the problem and as we go to
break a look at how President Trump
wrapped up his gaggle with reporters
before Air Force One touched down in
Washington thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
