Donald Trump did something today that we
have never seen him do before not before
his political career not during his
presidential campaign and not during his
presidency we have never seen President
Trump do this before Donald Trump
actually answered a yes or no question
now he gets yes-or-no questions thrown
at him all the time from reporters and
he often says words in response to those
questions but it's always a fast and
furious barrage of words that usually
does not include a yes or no and usually
has nothing to do with the question it's
never one word I mean never it's never
yes or no until today Donald Trump
answered a yes or no question today with
one word that was it just one word and
no big rush of words following that one
word Donald Trump for once answered a
yes or no question with one word and
stormy Daniels lawyer Michael avenatti
who's gonna be with us called that one
word quote a gift from the heavens
that's what he told I remember it was a
gift from the heavens and that one word
was know here is the question
and that as future historians will
record is the very first word that
President Trump has publicly spoken
about storming Daniels until that moment
Donald Trump has done a shockingly good
job for Donald Trump of doing exactly
what his lawyer in the stormy Daniels
case wants him to do which is the same
thing that his lawyers in Robert waters
investigation want him to do which is to
say absolutely nothing say nothing all
the time nothing that is the hardest
thing in the world to get Donald Trump
to do but Donald Trump didn't check with
his lawyers before following a common
tradition set by previous presidents of
stepping back into the press section on
Air Force pun
today and taking a few questions from
the traveling reporters what could
possibly go wrong
reports indicate the president Trump has
been feeling very very confident lately
the more White House advisors he loses
from firings or resignations the more
confident he seems to feel he felt very
confident today in West Virginia where
he went to speak about the Trump tax
cuts and then forgot to speak about the
Trump tax cuts because he so confidently
literally threw away his prepared
remarks you know this was going to be my
remarks it would have taken about two
minutes but
a little boring little boring now I'm
reading off the first paragraph I said
this is boring
wow that's confidence
real presidential confidence that was
the same confidence that led him back to
the press section of Air Force One today
there was no one on that plane who might
have been able to successfully advise
him against talking to reporters today
standing behind him is deputy press
secretary Hogan ghibli who is so many
steps down from the press secretary that
he is not allowed to appear at the
podium in the White House press briefing
room even when the press secretary has
decided to hand it off that day to a
deputy Donald Trump has obviously made
the judgment that nobody in America
wants to listen to Hogan Gidley and that
no doubt includes Donald Trump and so
you can see in the background all the
heavy homework and policy preparation
that the president was doing before he
stepped back to talk to the reporters
there on the TV screen you can see how
confident the president was today on Air
Force One he wasn't even bothering to
watch Fox News to find out what he
should say to the reporters it was a
golf day on Air Force One today the only
questions Donald Trump was confident to
answer on Air Force One today were
questions like how was Tiger Woods doing
at the Masters instead he got the first
few questions that stormy Daniels lawyer
Michael avenatti who will join us in a
moment wants to ask the president under
oath in a deposition
earlier
so the president answers three quick
questions about stormy Daniels before he
finds his way back to the safer ground
of refusing to answer any more questions
about stormy Daniels to question one he
says no I didn't know Michael Cohen made
a deal with stormy Daniels - question -
why did Michael Cohen make the payment
the president says I don't know you'd
have to ask Michael Cohen - question
three do you know where he got the money
to make the payment the president says I
don't know imagine imagine how stunned
Donald Trump was by that first stormy
Daniels question so stunned that he gave
a one-word answer so flattened by it if
he did he didn't overwhelm the question
with a barrage of words and immediately
changed the subject
he was so stunned that it took him three
whole questions to crawl back into
position to take control of the
interview and the question he refuses to
answer is did you ever set up a fund of
money that he could draw from did Donald
Trump ever set up a fund of money for
silencing women like stormy Daniels the
president of the United States refused
to answer that question today and unlike
every other time the president has been
asked about a woman who has made an
allegation against him the president was
still very very careful to not say a
word about stormy Daniels herself now
just think about how terrified Donald
Trump has to be of stormy Daniels to not
dare contradict her publicly to not dare
say one negative word about her publicly
- not dare say anything anything about
her publicly reporters on the next trip
on Air Force One can keep doing whatever
they were doing before the president
came back to talk to them today because
he won't be coming back to talk to them
again as long as stormy Daniels is still
in his life leading off our discussion
now is Michael avenatti the attorney for
stormy Daniels and joining the
discussion is joy Reed and MSNBC
national correspondent and the host of
am joy weekends on MSNBC and Ron Klain
is whether she's the former chief of
staff to Vice
Joe Budden Al Gore and a former senior
aide to President Obama
Michael I want to go first of all to
this breaking news tonight about the
special prosecutor who's very interested
in Michael Cohen's dealings for Donald
Trump involving all sorts of activity
including possibly foreign businesses
how does your litigation interact if it
does at all in terms of pressure on
Michael Cohen
with the special prosecutor's
investigation well I think what we're
seeing Lawrence over the last two weeks
is a concentrated effort by the
president and his surrogates and Michael
Cohen is playing along to really put the
focus as it relates to our case on
Michael Cohen he is being placed in the
crosshairs he is being placed in a
position where he's going to be expected
to take the fall he's going to be the
one that is going to be expected to say
that President Trump knew nothing about
this he was off on his own he was
negotiating the agreement on his own he
paid it on his own and if that's a
violation of the New York Bar rules and
if that means that he has to lose his
license to practice law well then he's
willing to take that hit on behalf of
the president I think that due to the
report that you mentioned relating the
special prosecutor the noose is
tightening on that front as well
and let me just say this there seems to
be a lot of confidence by the president
in Michael Cohen's ability to take this
much heat and this much weight and we're
talking about a lot of heat potentially
and a lot of weight you mean both
weights you mean the weight of the
storming Daniels case and you mean the
simultaneous weight of the special
prosecutor that's exactly what I mean
and let me just say this that's a lot of
weight and a lot of heat for any one
person to take and the level of
confidence that they appear to have in
Michael Cohen in my view is likely
misplaced because in the event that he
folds under that pressure whether it's
next week or next month or next year and
whether it's the pressure of the
pressure we bring to bear by way the
depositions and what we're doing in our
case
or the pressure that the special
prosecutor brings to bear in the event
that he folds and rolls over on mr.
Trump president Trump that's going to be
a very very bad day for the president
because there's no question that Michael
Cohen knows where a lot of bodies are
buried
he was been with this man for a long
long time
he's been entrusted with a lot of
information and the special prosecutor
for instance will be able to get to
communications potentially between
President Trump and Michael Cohen even
though there was an attorney-client
privileged relationship there by way of
what's called the crime fraud exception
and in the event that that happens
that's gonna be a very very bad day but
you know Michael Cohen today was was was
not one a stellar day for him by any
stretch of the imagination first the
president threw him under the bus on Air
Force One by claiming that Michael Cohen
just did this all on his own relating to
astronomy Daniel's which by the way I
don't I don't believe for one minute
that that's accurate but even taking the
president at face value that's the first
thing and then we have this special
prosecutor report relating to them
starting to knock on doors of associates
and asking questions about Michael Cohen
no question Michael Cohen's in the
crosshairs did the confidentiality
agreement in effect evaporate today on
Air Force One the party one of the
parties to the confidentiality agreement
said on Air Force One today I knew
nothing about it well we think it did I
mean we think this is basically game
over as a relates to our claim we've
heard Lawrence for the better part of a
month now that this was a rock-solid
airtight agreement you've got David
Schwartz out there talking about what an
excellent lawyer Michael Cohen is and
how this was a model this was a model
NDA it's it's a lot of things but there
is no way in hell it's a model NDA this
thing is a piece of trash in reality and
everybody knows it and any legal analyst
that looks at it will tell you the same
thing who's not biased but that's what
we've been hearing and now what we have
is we have a principal party to the
agreement who admits on camera that
supposedly he didn't know anything about
a principal term of the agreement well
that means he didn't know anything about
the agreement
which means there is no agreement so all
of this chest-pounding in these threats
about how they were going to bury my
client and they were gonna seek 20
million dollars and they were gonna go
on an extended vacation with the money
and all its all of this other buffoonery
that we've heard for the last few weeks
that all goes out the window
you can't enforce an agreement where one
party admits that they basically didn't
know anything about it it's a it's an
absolute joke and I also think it calls
into question the veracity of the
statements all along the way and it's
going to provide a further hook Lawrence
for us to be able to deposed this
president and Michael Cohen and we're
going to make that motion again we're
going to renew that motion on Monday and
we're gonna see what the court has to
say and I will tell you this in the
event that we get a two hour deposition
of michael cohen and a two hour
deposition this president i am highly
confident that their statements are not
going to hold up under cross-examination
by me period joy so the president united
states tonight has to be able to fall
asleep with the thought in his head that
his presidency might turn on the
strength of michael cone yeah it's it's
pretty much well i'm not a lawyer
obviously certainly you know not don't
have the level of insight into this that
mr. empanada here has although if i ever
had a problem legally I think I know who
I would call but let's just apply the
common sense test here to what the
president and Michael Cohen want you to
believe they would have you believe that
some that his attorney by himself
took a hundred and thirty thousand
dollars of his own money to pay off
someone after the Access Hollywood tape
that did not impact in any way Donald
Trump's ability to be elected and right
before the election give her money
although they believed her to be not
credible somebody that they have
described as having zero credibility so
some of you don't believe can implicate
your client but your client says he
never had a relationship with so you
just give this person that he had no
relationship other than taking photos
with a hundred and thirty thousand
dollars of your own money as the lawyer
you create an LLC to give her the money
through a secret corporation you on your
own as the lawyer
create an alias for your client David
Dennison you put that
his name on the agreement never telling
your client you've created an alias
you've created a company you've taken
your own hundred and thirty thousand
dollars not expecting to be paid back
and you do all of that simply because
you're afraid a woman will make a claim
that you believe to be completely false
and not provable so that she can't even
prove she had a relationship with him
what would be what would stop any woman
off the street then to just walk up to
Donald Trump and say I too had a
relationship with Donald Trump why
weren't there hundreds of women lining
up to get a hundred and thirty thousand
dollars in free money from Michael Cohen
the whole thing makes no sense you don't
have to have gone to law school to
understand that that is crazy
we as civilians pay lawyers we hire
someone like Michael avenatti they don't
pay for our issues we pay them so Donald
Trump didn't pay his lawyer his lawyer
paid a random woman who all he did was
take a picture with him in California
this is crazy and so I think Donald
Trump's problem is to your point and I
think to both of your point he never
should have answered the question
because the only logical answer to this
right is of course I babe had my lawyer
dudes and of course I meant to pay of
that which means they attempted to
influence the election there's no way
out for Donald Trump here I mean the
Muller case on its own with the Russia
stuff is tough the stormy Daniels case
feels like an absolute vise for this
president
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
