it is hard being a Democrat running
statewide in North Dakota so hard that
North Dakota has only one statewide
elected Democrat that is senator heidi
heitkamp who told the voters of North
Dakota today something that most of them
did not want to hear I will be voting no
one judge Cavanaugh
senator Heitkamp announced that decision
on North Dakota TV today where she has
been facing TV ads like this the liberal
mob and their media allies tried to ruin
a good man this means you have replaced
advice and consent with
search-and-destroy judge Cavanaugh
fought back clearing his name defending
his honor now senator Heitkamp has a
choice stand with President Trump judge
Kavanagh and all who thought this was a
national disgrace or stand with them
tell Heidi Heitkamp you'll never forget
how she votes Paul's show Heidi Heitkamp
trailing in her reelection campaign to
her Republican challenger but she says
she kept politics out of her decision
you know the easiest thing in the world
for me would have been taking yes vote
get this over with that would would
presumably be make my path to reelection
easier I didn't come here to do the easy
thing I came here to do the right thing
senator Heitkamp offered two reasons she
is voting against Brett Kavanaugh the
first is that she believes dr. Christine
Blasi Ford I believe dr. Ford I believe
her story I found her testimony to be
incredibly credible and I found his
presentation to lack the impartiality
and the judicial temperament that I have
come to expect from a Supreme Court
justice
politically brave votes are rare in the
United States Senate sometimes years
pass without seeing one from either
party today senator Heitkamp had another
senators words in mind when she made her
decision there's a quote from from
Robert Kennedy and it is you know when
you make decisions about what you're
going to do in your life his history
will judge you but more importantly
you'll judge
so here is the full text of that passage
of a 1966 speech by Senator Robert
Kennedy that Senator had camp quoted
today history will judge you and as the
years pass you will ultimately judge
yourself on the extent to which you've
used your gifts to lighten and enrich
the lives of your fellow man in your
hands is the future of your world and
the fulfillment of the best qualities of
your own spirit howdy-hi camp might lose
her Senate seat because of her vote on
this nomination she knows that she is
prepared for that defeat but for the
strong defeat is never the end of hope
and there is no better example of that
than the one given by Robert Kennedy in
the one speech that he ever delivered in
North Dakota in 1963 when he was the
Attorney General of the United States
Bobby Kennedy traveled to Bismarck to
deliver a speech to the National
Congress of American Indians and he
ended that speech with a quote from
Chief Joseph of the Nez Perce tribe it
was a speech that Chief Joseph gave at
the most difficult time of his life in
1877 when he surrendered to the United
States Army in that darkest moment Chief
Joseph chose optimism he described what
America could be if he and his people
were allowed to be free in their own
land and Chief Joseph said that he was
waiting and praying for a time when he
said we shall all be alike
brothers of one father and one mother
with one sky above us and one country
around us and one government for all
thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
