President Trump said he would drain the
swamp I don't it's draining the swamp
renting an apartment from the wife of a
Washington lobbyist I don't think that
that's even remotely fair to ask that
question our panel is back with us and
Ron Klain this is the tip of the iceberg
of Scott Pruitt's ethical issues and
giant expense issues that he's been
doing including wanting to spend a
hundred thousand dollars a month on
private air travel but as a former chief
of staff to an attorney general what do
you make of this these reports
indicating the president has been
thinking about dumping Jeff sessions and
putting Scott Pruett in the temporary
appointment yeah look let's be clear
Donald Trump doesn't care that Scott
Pruett has broken every ethics rules in
the book he doesn't care that Scott
Pruett has the most improbable housing
arrangement since those people had those
apartments on the show friends he
doesn't care about any of that
the reason Scott Pruett stays at EPA and
doesn't go to DOJ
as Scott Pruett is so busy delivering
for Trump donors on pollution on
deregulation on mining on basically that
just a complete destruction of our
environment that the donors want him to
stay at EPA and they don't want him
moved over to do jaysis so this idea
that like he sees he may not move pruitt
over there that's just because Pruett is
doing such a a rapid-fire job of rolling
back 50 years of Environmental
Protection's that the money behind the
Trump organization wants him to stay
there
the joy and and runs point is really
powerful because that that's that's what
you keep hearing yeah that's what the
president keeps hearing absolutely I
think what we have to realize is Donald
Trump admires Lattimore Putin in every
way including encouraging the
proliferation of American oligarchs what
scott pruett is busy doing is Hawking
liquefied natural gas for his landlords
client in Morocco taking luxury trips
treating his office as if it's a
personal fiefdom for his own enrichment
and luxury his entire cabinet is
behaving that way the happiest person in
the cabinet right now it's got to be Ben
Carson whose hundred and thirty thousand
dollar desk now looks like a pittance
compared to what Scott Pruitt was doing
in the way he was living this
an american oligarch it's being we're
being robbed right under our noses by a
regime that is really no different than
a lot of the kleptocratic regime around
the world it's just that Americans have
not seen one up close a Josh earnest
yeah you saw a cabinet settle into their
jobs and managed to travel around the
country without spending a hundred
thousand dollars a month on private air
travel and get you know spend tens of
thousands of dollars on new desks
there's an awful lot of desks actually
with the federal government already owns
well why can't they even pretend for
public appearances to be behaving well
yeah Lawrence I think a lot of this just
goes to that their their priorities are
all off and they are much less focused
on their jobs and much more interested
in trying to figure out how their jobs
can make them look good and but you know
Lawrence there is one piece of this
story that really does kind of stick in
my craw which is there's been a lot of
discussion about how Scott Pruitt's
international travel actually is pretty
similar to the international travel
bills that were racked up by Gina
McCarthy his predecessor at the EPA what
those stories and what's Pruitt's
defenders failed to tell you is that
while Scott Pruett was traveling around
the world playing some lobbyist version
of Carmen Sandiego apparently Gina
McCarthy was actually traveling all
around the planet because she was at the
forefront of trying to secure an
international climate agreement that
will literally save our planet and she
did it all while she was flying coach so
so III think there's a pretty stark
difference and too often the comparison
those numbers actually fails to leave
out the context of what exactly Gina
McCarthy was doing when she was
traveling around the world Jennifer
Rubin apparently no one explained to
Donald Trump what drain the swamp means
well John frum has no interest in any of
the ethical rules this is how he's lived
his entire life on debt on scamming
people taking money from Trump you
students so nothing has changed and he
has found people equally corrupt and
equally bad at their job and nothing is
going to change until the midterm
elections because the Republicans don't
care
Jennifer Rubin Josh earnest Ron Klain
joy Reed thank you all for joining us on
this extraordinary hour tonight really
appreciate it hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
