some of his actions have had unintended
political consequences brewing talk of a
trade war with China could devastate
rural voters who backed Trump providing
an opening for vulnerable Democrats in
red states for more I'm joined by Eugene
Robinson Comus for the Washington Post
and an MSNBC News contributor Michael
Steele former chair of the Republican
National Committee and Ashley Parker
White House reporter for The Washington
Post both our MSNBC political analyst
Ashley let's start with the news
analysis here Trump he seems to be
thinking if I raise the heat right now
it's good for Maisie riding off his
higher poll numbers what's this about
this really steaming up of his politics
in every direction now China Mexico
everything well the president sort of is
coming into his own as the president he
was a little tentative and hesitant at
the beginning and he would defer more to
his advisers especially on issues that
sort of weren't got visceral issues for
him and now over a year in West Wing
AIDS tell us he feels more comfortable
he feels emboldened and this is someone
who has always wanted to play to his
base if there is ever to be or sort of a
question of where he's gonna go he is
gonna go to that red meat he is gonna go
to that base he is gonna go to those
lines that got him huge applause during
rallies and that's what we're seeing
right now is there any difference
between him and his base in other words
is he honestly against stupid wars a
phrase did a lot of us like hearing back
in 16 is he really for tough trade
policy is he really against illegal
immigration from across the border to
the south does he feel those issues as
well as his base does or is he just
playing to his base so those actually
all of those issues you've mentioned are
sort of the three core issues where
Trump as we know is not particularly
ideological but on those three issues
especially on immigration and especially
on trade these are things that he like a
lot of his base feels at a gut core
level and if you look back it's not
stuff he started talking about on the
campaign trail it's stuff he's been
talking about for decades so so if
there's any ideology to him it's on
these issues
Jeanne's going back to Steve been in
country this is economic nationalism
it's ethnic national as if you will and
it's certainly on the big three we just
talked about stupid Wars China and an
image
raishin it's it's pure Trump no it is I
mean in terms of management style he's
he's starting to run the White House the
way he ran the Trump Organization which
is basically a one-man shell now I don't
think you can run the United States of
America like that but he seems to
determine to try and what can go wrong
well just these issues these core issues
can backfire on and leave you look at
the the trade issue he is he has this
view of our trade deficit that is such
that is is basically launching a trade
war with China and China is going to
target its retaliation already has
specifically at those groups that form
Trump's base so they they will know how
to inflict pain political pain on on the
president this is gonna be fascinating
and I don't think this is a great idea
for him do you think the Chinese I mean
I wouldn't underestimate them their long
term planners and we're what's good for
tonight kind of people but when they go
after the soybeans I mean tell me about
that for example you know we go to a
Chinese restaurant in this country you
have soy sauce or whatever you have soy
sauce but do you think they picked that
out because it was a way of getting at
the Iowa voters and screwing Trump in
the Iowa caucuses and 2020 lutely
absolutely it absolutely is a way of
screwing Trump because China is a big
you know importer of US agricultural
products and and soybeans is is a big
that's a big deal so of course if you
look at all the the whole line of of
items on which China is retaliating are
like a political map of the truck base
and and clearly and obviously very
smartly designed to cause them pain gee
I want to Michael now the politician
here Michael do you think the people
behind Trump wanted just to see that he
has the same attitude ISM or the they
care about results are they happy with
him if he just screams and shows he
doesn't like illegal immigrants from the
south from across the border with Mexico
if he just screams against the Mexico
the Chinese and acts really tough and
really does try our troops get abouts
out of the Middle East and stop is
fighting Middle East Wars it's just the
extra
sighs of trying to do those things win
votes with and keep votes with him and
his in his base I think that's partly
right yeah that there is this desire to
sort of reconnect with them when when
the wheels seemingly come off we saw
that just this past week with his his
daca position being exposed if you will
to the base by Ann Coulter and others
who were just blowing a gasket over
where the president seemingly was ending
up on this whole docket thing and what
did he do he doubled down that rhetoric
heated up and it was his way of
reassuring his base through his words
that I'm still with you here's the test
though the test will become one of
action with respect to the border daca
for example and on on maybe some other
economic issues like infrastructure
possibly they turn that corner a little
bit Chris on the tax reform but that has
a mixed result so far because of what
the president has said on trade and
other things impacted the the economic
progress that has been made so the
president is kind of sandwich himself in
between his his rhetoric and the actions
that he knows at some point is going to
have to take on some of these very
thorny issues which is why you've seen
the retreading and the renaming if you
will of the border wall you know looking
at a fence to go out well that's a wall
to you know actually you covered the
White House and I just want in this
whole political whatever it is these
days is so new to me in many ways I when
I keep hearing people who are on a
progressive side or even the moderate
side of politics the center right or
center left and they given public and
they're giving a public advice in their
columns to up the Trump I keep thinking
they don't like Trump they want Trump to
fail so why should he take their advice
that it's he's skeptical about the
advice he gets from people that just
don't like him and wish he weren't ever
going to be president let alone or even
on this planet to put it lightly what's
he think of the advice he gets from the
mainstream or the left it's an
interesting question because he's
someone who is very skeptical for
instance of the Republican establishment
and getting advice from them he's almost
likely to willfully disregard it yet at
the same time he takes advice from ver
unlikely people people who aren't
necessarily qualified to advise him on
policies he'll talk to an old friend a
longtime billionaire someone who's been
quite successful but may know nothing
for instance about border security and
he'll take their advice he talks to
celebrities or fox news personalities so
he will take advice from a very wide
range of areas but they're certainly not
the traditional ones and they're
certainly not or they're rarely the
mainstream or even the Republican
establishment according to the
Washington Post president Trump is
discovering that the policies he once
described as easy fixes for the country
are a lot more complicated in reality
take a look at Donald Trump the
candidate versus Donald Trump the
president you're going to have such
great health care at a tiny fraction of
the cost and it's going to be so easy
now I have to tell you it's an
unbelievably complex subject nobody knew
that health care could be so complicated
if China does not stop its illegal
activities I will use every lawful
present hey look this is very easy this
is so easy the wall is peanuts that's
going to be one of the easy negotiations
believe me we intend to get along with
China but we have to do something very
substantial about the trade deficit and
with that nothing is easy
I'll pay for the wall as you know we're
negotiating NAFTA see how that goes
I do well with Congress I've worked with
politicians all my life they're easy I
said to the Republicans I don't say
these are good people they really want
to and I know they get hit hard the
senators two congressmen but they're all
working hard it's not so easy it's
complicated stuff you know Jeanne came
in like the man on horseback that
frightening figure of the right we've
always been afraid of the guy who comes
in and is a male who comes in and says
I'm gonna solve all your problems
yeah just give me power give me all the
power all right yeah I think on some
level he really did think it was it
would be easy right and you know that
comes from his having had zero
experience in government zero experience
with the issues hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
