President Trump just spoke out on the
record about stormy Daniels in a moment
I will have the first live reaction from
Daniels attorney now here is the news
Trump speaking to reporters he is
denying that he made this now infamous
hundred and thirty thousand dollar
payment to her or that he knows where it
came from
well you just heard was something
extremely unusual and certainly
newsworthy the president United States
denying he paid stormy Daniels for that
secret NDA agreement you also heard by
implication the president denying that
he knows where his longtime lawyer got
the hundred and thirty thousand dollars
to make this famous payment and that
takes this story right now in a new
direction because up until this hour
Donald Trump personally had not denied
that he made this payment quite the
opposite since Trump joined the case
against Daniel's seeking millions of
dollars in damages against her based on
yes disagreement and the money that
would have been paid her Trump's lawyer
meanwhile Michael Cohen never said or
denied whether Donald Trump reimbursed
him for the payment so whatever one
thinks of Trump's history with stormy
Daniels the president there on Air Force
One just added more questions and more
suspicions to this very unusual story
let's get right to it here with the
first response to this news is stormy
Daniels lawyer Michael avenatti I
appreciate you coming on the beat here
on a night when I know you are in demand
let me ask you the first big legal
question to come out of this if Donald
Trump says he didn't make the payment
and doesn't know where the payment came
from does that call into question
whether there is a valid contract in the
first place well first of all Ari let me
say Merry Christmas to you thank you
because it is a very very Merry
Christmas this evening here over in our
camp you know this is what happens when
you have an undisciplined client as you
know from experience we waited patiently
and lo and behold christmas has arrived
the president's comments on Air Force
One have are serious for him serious for
Michael Cohen how can you have an
agreement when one party claims that
they don't know anything about the
agreement I mean these guys are making
it up as they go along
they don't know what to say from day in
and day out and our case just got a
whole lot better when you say Merry
Christmas and your case got better you
sound happy or you're sharing with with
our viewers that you see this as good
news
no I'm ecstatic are
I'm not happy I'm ecstatic let's be
clear about that clear Claro as they say
so if the president didn't make the
payment in your view legally does that
mean that he may not have a right to
enter into the case which he did in
trying to take your client your case out
of court well our position are is
simpler than that which is if the
president didn't know anything about the
payment then he obviously didn't know
anything about the agreement in which
case you can't have an agreement and
there is no such thing as an NDA and all
this bluster and nonsense that we've
heard from Michael Cohen through David
Schwartz and others about how they're
going to take my client for everything
she's worth and they're gonna go on an
extended vacation it's all been proven
shown to be nonsense to be baseless now
if on the other hand what he said on Air
Force One is not accurate and I for one
have serious questions as to its
veracity or accuracy they've got a whole
host of problems so you know we're
sitting in the proverbial cat seat right
now Ari well that goes to the the other
big question in this story right which
is this is news when the president
handles it this way and says this it's
news that doesn't make a lot of sense
because as we've reported out previously
there are actually rules against lawyers
personally funding something like this
the Donald Trump entered the case
claiming to have rights enforceable
under the agreement which would imply
that he was responsible for the payment
but then you go to whether he's telling
the truth
in your view do these statements and
we're playing on the vo the the video
there have you seen him making this
unusual statement Air Force One does
Donald Trump making this claim tonight
in your view make it more likely that
you could convince the court to sit for
a deposition for him well I think it
does most certainly and and furthermore
our you know he's effectively thrown
Michael Cohen now under the bus at least
from an ethics standpoint with the State
Bar of New York by making these
statements on Air Force One but again
you know this is an undisciplined guy
who you know he just he finally cracked
and we knew he would crack eventually
we'd been patient I've been waiting and
lo and behold who would have thought
that we it would have arrived on this
Thursday this glorious afternoon here in
New York well you say he cracked you say
he threw Cohen under the bus
what do you specifically mean you're
referencing the idea that if Donald
Trump says as he just did here within
the hour that Michael Cohen went rogue
and did this all by himself
that actually hurts Cohen within the
rules for lawyers because it makes it
look like he went off and did something
without authority from his client well
that's exactly right that he went off on
his own half-cocked if you will and and
negotiated this agreement made the
payment without any knowledge by mr.
Trump I mean that that old saying what a
tangled web we weave when we practice to
deceive
never has been more true than it is
right now Ari I want to play this again
both for you and for any viewers joining
us because this was quite the unusual
Air Force one statement from the
president before I play it one more time
for you I want to ask when you look at
what he said does it give you any more
confidence about where you think this
money did come from well I think it's
interesting that he denied subsequent
questions I don't know if you have that
but my understanding is is that he
denied a couple subsequent questions as
to whether he had set up a fund from
which this payment would be made or
reimbursed I find that quite interesting
and I find that certainly a topic that
we're going to explore in connection
with his deposition which we're gonna be
making a petition for on Monday so
you're gonna go ahead and forward with
trying to get a Donald Trump deposed
after these comments absolutely now more
than ever let me play as promised for
folks watching here's the what we have
the full tape from these news making
comments the president just made on Air
Force One
when he says I don't know where he got
the money
you know lawyers like to parse do you
view that as a blanket denial that he's
not the source of the money or do you
see any wiggle room there no I think
there's certainly some wiggle room the
other thing I find interesting Ari is is
that you know he's doubled down now on
the fact that Michael Cohen is still his
attorney still his lawyer I mean I guess
this would be an example of one of the
best and the brightest that he promised
the American people that he was going to
bring onboard I mean it's it's really
unbelievable to me Michael stay with me
because I want to get more from you for
another legal perspective as we add
lawyers to the mix I want to welcome my
colleague Maya Wiley former counsel to
the mayor of New York City Michael we'll
stay in the conversation Maya your view
of this news and did Donald Trump as a
client help or hurt himself by weighing
in this way I'm gonna agree with mr.
avenatti if I was sitting in mr.
avenatti seat I would also be doing a
happy dance that's it in a nutshell and
I think he explained why a nondisclosure
agreement is a contract it means two
parties got together made an agreement
had something of value what we call what
we call consideration which in this case
would be money in exchange for silence
and you have Donald Trump saying didn't
know about it so what's the agreement
what's the contract and of course the
whole issue here that we're this in
addition to this is the notion of
whether or not he has a campaign finance
violation and is that why he's saying he
didn't know because I also agree it's
very very hard to agree that you just
have a purely rogue attorney who did all
of this with for for no reason because
there was no affair utilizing his own
funds for a client for no reason well in
Maya that goes to the other point and
mr. avenatti and I have discussed and
debated that's legally before which is
what I have pointed out was I think a
weakness to their signature argument
that missing a signature alone could
invalidate the entire contract it's not
clear that's the case although the
courts ultimately will rule
but in the absence of a signature when
you have what lawyers call consideration
when you have a payment you say well
that is like a contract just like
there's al contracts it seems to me that
what Donald Trump just did there whether
he realized it or not was knock out the
other leg of that stool in public and
say on the record well hey there's no
signature we already knew that be now
there's no payment allegedly no
consideration he's not the source of the
funds and that back to you Maya and then
to to Michael raises the question well
what's left of a legally binding
contract then that's exactly right you
there are ways in which you could make
legal arguments around whether or not
there's enough indication of an
agreement even in the absence of a
signature you could potentially in a
case cure that not if you say you didn't
know about it Michael well Ari I'm gonna
go back to what I said before I mean you
know this is a gift from the heavens
this afternoon I mean that I could think
of a few things that would be better for
our case than the statements that the
president made on Air Force One and
here's the other thing Ari that I find
to be interesting you know surely he now
knows about the hundred and thirty
thousand dollar payment so you know his
unequivocal statement that he didn't
know about it I mean just on its face
that's not accurate at some point he
found out about it now I think the
correct answer would have been if in
fact he did not know about it at the
time that we believe he did but if in
fact he did not know about it the
correct answer would have been I didn't
know about it at the time but I found
out about it you know fill in the blank
earlier this year same thing with the
hundred and thirty thousand dollar
payment I mean anyone that has been
paying attention over the last month or
so knows that Michael Cohen's position
is is that he used a home equity loan or
line of credit as absurd as that is to
make this payment so I'm sure the
president has heard that over the last
few weeks but he didn't clarify the
answer to that question either so you
know again they don't know which way is
up and which way is down they're making
it up as they go along and that is very
dangerous and very problematic when you
find yourself in a lawsuit especially
one of this magnitude can i underscore
one other point that mr. avenatti made
earlier Ari which is you know the one
thing we know about Donald Trump is
restraint is not his strong suit
the fact that he was restrained for so
long actually indicates that there may
have been a reason for him to be more
restrained why now it seems to me it's a
really interesting question I think he
was caught off guard and I think he said
something that if he had had time to
think about it he probably would have
continued to stay silent for the very
reason that he will now regret which is
nothing makes sense anymore right and
then he's revived in an extraordinary
way that he didn't need to do you're
talking about how Donald Trump operates
as a client we know that his lead
criminal defense attorney the Russia
probe left allegedly over strains in
whether he was following the advice and
legal strategy Donald Trump as we point
out on the show now has more a private
attorneys working on silencing women
than he does on defending himself in the
Russia probe Maya and so it really goes
to the question of how he deals with the
counsel he gets it's hard to imagine any
lawyer anywhere ever living or dead who
would tell Donald Trump yeah tonight on
the Air Force One plane please get into
this and then say what he said I want
you both to stay with me I want to add
to our discussion for the election law
aspects of this Melanie Sloan who is a
lawyer and an expert on this and joins
us as well from Washington I believe
Melanie as you look at these new
comments from the president and as we've
reported for our viewers it's really the
first time he's personally said he
didn't make this payment doesn't know
where it came from
what do you see broadly as a lawyer and
what do you see with regard to election
law
well like mr. avenatti and ms Wylie it's
clear that this is a wonderful day for
stormy Daniels and it certainly is not a
good day for Donald Trump and his
arguments about this it also further
suggests that this was in fact a
campaign donation an in-kind campaign
donation it was made right before the
election it was made to keep stiring
McDaniels quiet to help President Trump
get elected and now the president says
he didn't pay it himself he doesn't know
anything about it so if somebody made
that payment it was clearly to keep her
quiet to help him get elected rather
then say in the case of former Senator
John Edwards when the issue had been
also that perhaps the payment had been
to keep it from his wife it doesn't seem
like Michael Cohen would have been just
so interested in keeping this just from
Melania Trump would have been to help
President Trump become President Trump
and therefore there's been some new life
into I think that allegation as well
that this is an in-kind campaign
campaign donation that violates the
campaign federal campaign finance law
well that's interesting let me go back
to you on it and then Michael but
couldn't someone make actually the
opposite argument and say that if true
which is a big question we don't know
what the donors was telling the truth
there in which case this also could hurt
him and backfire in a different way but
if true and he had no idea about this
and he doesn't know what Michael did
then wouldn't that theory of someone
just doing this rogue make it less
likely that he's on the hook or involved
in it as a campaign matter to me it
really goes the other way I think it's
far more likely that Michael Cohen as
his longtime lawyer trying to help mr.
Trump become the president of the United
States
would have made this kind of campaign
finance country would have made this
contribution to stormy Daniels perhaps
not even realizing the campaign finance
aspects of it mr. Cohen is not a
campaign finance lawyer he doesn't seem
to be that familiar with the ethics
rules of the bar either so there are
certainly some issues about his
knowledge of the relevant law but he
certainly is now facing both ethics
issues and campaign finance issues and
let me say I also think this is new
newly interesting for the special
counsel Bob Muller because the question
is where did this hundred and thirty
thousand dollars come from and where a
hundred thirty thousand dollars is a lot
of money and the special counsel has
already expressed interest in the Trump
campaigns finances and some of the Trump
organizations finance go to Maya let me
go to my on that because it also goes to
whether John Dowd was right to tell
Trump that no matter how bad or how
guilty it looks to not do an interview
you shouldn't do it because it'll be
worse this was not Bob Miller there in
the back of Air Force One shouting these
questions these were relatively simple
questions from reporters but they seem
to have landed Trump in some hot water
Maya yes even Governor Chris Christie's
advice to Donald Trump was not to talk
but there's a lot of agreement that if
you can't be considered honest truthful
and avoid implicating yourself in
criminal activity you're better off
keeping your mouth shut ari if I could
touch base on one issue because I think
that that what we saw earlier today is
really part and parcel it part of a
movement that we've seen from the other
side of the last ten days from my
perspective more and more weight is
being placed on the shoulders of Michael
Cohen there are more eggs are being put
in the Michael Cohen basket and if this
guy doesn't hold up ultimately whether
it's in connection with this case or
with Robert Muller Katie bar the door
very bad things are gonna happen to this
administration they are putting a lot of
faith and a lot of confidence in Michael
Cohen's ability to hold up whether it be
in a deposition in this case or
questioning by mr. Muller or otherwise
and if you doesn't have let me make sure
I understand exactly just saying Michael
are you suggesting that what Donald
Trump just did was not only hurt Michael
Cohen but add to the pressure on him
that could ultimately be significant
because you're saying you believe
Michael Cohen knows a lot of long-term
secrets about Donald Trump and his
business but there's no question and if
if they ultimately if if Michael Cohen
is ultimately in a position where he
cannot withstand the pressure that has
been placed upon him and he cracks and
rolls on the president very very bad
things can happen they can pierce the
attorney-client privilege by way of the
crime fraud exception perhaps and there
could be serious serious consequences
and so what we've seen over the last
seven to fourteen days in my view is
they are setting Michael Cohen up to be
the fall guy
Michael Cohen's gonna be the one that's
gonna say I never told the president
never talked to him and if that means I
lose my license well you know I guess
I'm gonna lose my license etc etc and
that only works so far for so long
potentially with Michael Cohen so
they've
have a significant degree of confidence
in this guy's ability to withstand huge
amounts of pressure as this case and
molars investigation goes forward I
don't know him personally Ari but from
what I've said before from what I've
seen and the statements that I've seen
him make I don't think he has the metal
to withstand it and that could be a very
very bad thing for the administration
you think the heat that's gonna be put
on Michael Cohen will be too much for
him now no question well you know
Michael you obviously come to this as an
adversary of mr. Cohen's my job here in
this chair is to remind of course
viewers where you're coming from but I
think some of the factual and legal
points you make are true notwithstanding
the fact that you guys are adversaries
and I'll put it down like this Bob
Muller you mentioned the crime fraud
exception Bob Miller of course used that
against Paul Manafort lawyer and got a
judge to approve and pierce the
privilege were that to happen to a
lawyer for Donald Trump like Michael
Cohen who Donald Trump just said go ask
him kind of siccing the world on him
there in those Air Force One comments
that is something that in the criminal
probe could matter number two we've
reported on this show with people who
were in the room with the FBI agents
working for Muller including mr. nunberg
that they are asking about payments to
women which we know from other reporting
leads back to Michael Cohen
so there is a lot here then you add to
the fact that it's lawyers who sometimes
are pressed to take the fall John Dean
famously sent by Richard Nixon up to
Camp David to work on a memo he got
halfway through and realized he was
gonna be the fall guy took a u-turn back
to Washington and turned on the
administration so lawyers sometimes we
know can be so crucial before I let
everyone go and this has been
fascinating I want to add Joyce Vance a
former federal prosecutor and legal
analyst for us while I still have
Michael here because Joyce if you can
join us and let me know based on what
you're hearing and what you're learning
what you think of this new information
both from the President and everything
thus far what stands out to you is
legally important this is a very
surprising development if I was the
president's lawyer one of the the
principles that I would have tried to
pound into him
would be if you are asked about stormy
Daniels don't respond nothing good
happens answering a question about this
from any point of view so now we have
the president on record as saying he
didn't know about the payment and if
that turns out to be in any way untrue
whether legally in terms of a criminal
investigation or in terms of the civil
investigation this may be the sort of
pressure that it will be very difficult
for the presidency to withstand by
boxing himself in unless he's being
scrupulously truthful I think he has put
himself in a world of hurt hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
