welcome back tonight and meet the
midterms Republicans control both
chambers of Congress but that is not
stopping some GOP hopefuls from ramping
up their anti Washington rhetoric check
out this ad from West Virginia Attorney
General Patrick Morrissey who's running
in the state's Republican Senate primary
let's take on Washington with our West
Virginia conservative values let's not
just change Washington Washington
liberals keep their hands off our guns
stop they're pro-abortion agenda I'm the
conservative fighter who went for West
Virginia just destroyed the White House
that doesn't make any sense but in this
case anti Washington doesn't mean anti
Trump Morrissey was seated right next to
the president today and his tax event in
Virginia and on the president's other
side is congressman Evan Jenkins the
other mainstream Republican candidate
vying for the chance to take on Democrat
Joe Manchin in the fall the two of them
are splitting the Trump bump for now not
invited to sit near the president the
third Republican in the primary race Don
Blankenship the coal executive who went
to prison for his role in a mine
explosion that killed 29 people in 2010
some establishment Republicans are
worried that Blankenship could win the
primary and that a flawed GOP candidate
would make it easier for a senator
Manchin to keep his job
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
