today's special on the beach civil
rights in the Trump era this week marks
50 years since the assassination of dr.
Martin Luther King he was shot and
killed on a hotel balcony in Memphis on
April 4th 1968 it was one day after a
speech to striking sanitation workers in
Memphis where he advocated better
working conditions King also spoke about
the obstacles ahead and the battles left
to fight see the promised land
now 50 years later we gathered three
generations of civil rights leaders at
the Schomburg Center for research and
black culture in Harlem to ask about
that road to the promised land welcome
I'm here at the Schomburg Center for
research and black culture in Harlem
marking the 50th anniversary of the
assassination of Martin Luther King and
tonight we're asking an important
question how are black Americans
advocating civil rights under a
president who's defended white supremacy
I'm joined tonight by a very special
panel dr. Melba Eels who at the age of
15 stared down threats and hatred to
help integrate Little Rock Central High
School my colleague Reverend Al Sharpton
who headed up dr. King's operation
breadbasket right here in New York at
the age of 13 Marc Morial a longtime
civil rights leader and former mayor of
New Orleans he now heads the National
Urban League
patrisse cullors co-founder of black
lives matter which he started in 2013
after the acquittal of George Zimmerman
in the shooting death of Trayvon Martin
DeRay McKesson an organizer who's led
protests in Ferguson and Baltimore and
ran for mayor there and Beverly bond of
black girls rock thank you to all of you
Reb Sharpton I begin with that question
advocating civil rights under Donald
Trump you know I need to me is 50 years
ago I was 13 when dr. King was killed
and everybody who was fighting each
other you know we were to mainstream
somebody was to revolutionary and the
result was the November dr. King was
killed Richard Nixon was elected the
danger is that we can't let Trump play
us off against each other you're nodding
I just the lessons from that time I
think are so pertinent to this moment
right now we are in a moment where
blacks black lives matter there's the
women's March there's me too there's
times up but there's all these movements
in which we are trying to grapple with
the president who's denounced so many of
us and I think now is the time where we
actually have to join together there's
so much at stake and so I just I think
that's a profound lesson to learn from
dr. King the war we're fighting for is
this thing
but we often differ about how we can get
there and that we want to sit at the
table and say like how do we get there
like what does that actually look like
and I'm hopeful about that we don't just
have a president that supports these
very racist ideas
he's unearthed something about our
community about our America that we kind
of let go we've kind of acted as if it
wasn't still here do you think Donald
Trump's election exposed a hate that
people wanted to believe was not as
prevalent as it absolutely absolutely
exposed to hate dr. Beals what did you
just let the dogs out we did because I
blame even those leaders and fighters
who are my age for not realizing that
all know we got fairly comfortable with
our Jimmy Choos we did not understand
that desegregation is not integration I
want you to see V as equal and so if you
don't get that going on you have nothing
did you say did you say Jimmy Choos
ideas that we got comfy-womfy whoo when
you talk about comfort are you directing
that at both white and black American
I'm directing it everybody cuz we don't
really talking about civil rights
anymore which I'm going to Minh rights
mmm Trump is a great gift to us all
because he woke us up use the word gift
oh I want to go around and take one word
for what Trump has done to the civil
rights movement he's been an ignition
ignition Reverend backlash decimation
nightmare Beverly Donald Trump in a word
agitator I want to play Donald Trump's
approach to racial strife which we have
had since the founding of this nation
but this was his approach in his first
year I think this blame on both sides
you look at you look at both sides
I think there's blame on both sides and
I have no doubt about it and you don't
have any doubt about it either
that was a response to white
supremacists violence now I want to play
another president who also had a
questionable racial record but how he
responded in a moment of a national test
after violence in Selma
there is no Negro problem there is only
an American problem it's all of us who
must overcome the crippling legacy of
bigotry and injustice and we shall
overcome
Johnson king Whitney Young the 1960s
bore a great movement and great progress
then there was Nixon and Wallace don't
forget right 1968 was Nixon and Wallace
between them they got 55% of the vote
and they engineered a backlash to the
movement we have to learn that progress
will beget a backlash we saw that why
evangelicals actually support him in
historically high numbers almost 80%
which is sort of wild and I worry about
the way that he is sort of offering
languages suggest that these are equally
legitimate right that the belief in
justice and freedom is the same has the
same legitimacy as the belief that like
a set of people shouldn't even exist and
we think we were going to have eight
years of black president there wasn't
gonna be a backlash there trying to pick
off and do what Nixon and them did they
will call her a terrorist they will call
him a radical and sue him and we don't
say anything
when Muhammad Ali stood up and said I'm
a Muslim I don't believe in Christianity
but I'm not going to fight the war dr.
King went and stood with Ali and we must
have the moral courage to say we may
have different tactics we may have
different ways she may call me og but
she's not a terrorist so he's not an
extremist that's where we got to go cuz
he wants to pick us all off so the red
is talking about your work yeah black
lives matter came partly out of other
things not working enough Eric Holder
has spoken about it as you know here was
he in 2009 but I wonder if it looks more
prescient today though this nation has
proudly thought of itself as a ethnic
melting
in things racial we have always been and
we I believe continue to be in too many
ways essentially a nation of cowards
average Americans simply do not talk
enough with each other about things
racial I'm just having a moment
look this was our country many of us
weren't asleep we spent the last five
years under a Barack Obama presidency
under Eric Holder as the Attorney
General fighting in the streets
protesting trying to stop the the state
sanctioned murders of black people and
now we can't even get that on mainstream
media it was of course the famous civil
rights song about the revolution not
being televised was it no that song but
give the Gil scott-heron critique was of
a corporate media that would never show
black activism no matter how large the
Margeaux and only in a negative light or
show it very negatively as violence not
as protest
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
