welcome back everybody joining us from
Washington with a look at Axios a.m.
political reporter for Axios Alexei
McCammon Alexei good to talk to you this
morning give us our one big thing for
the morning
today's one big thing is about the worry
coming from within the White House White
House insiders are telling Axios that
they consider this to be the most
dangerous phase of president Trump's
presidency and they're saying this
because critics of President Trump have
largely been purged from the White House
the checks against him are either going
ignored or eliminated and they're
arguing that things have become so
polarized it makes it hard to give the
sort of daily absurdity the serious
attention it deserves so let me ask you
this to follow up on that really quickly
out because I know you guys that axis
are reporting that some of the
president's closest allies they're
actually raising concerns about what
Trump may do next how is his current
state any different from what we've seen
over the past year or so in his time in
office well it has been a crazy year but
they're saying that this time is
different or this moment is different
because President Trump is spending a
lot of his time watching Fox News which
speaks to his worldview and surrounding
himself with people and friends who you
know fuel his ego and also his
conspiracy theories like Don King he
just had dinner with him and I mean the
one time that I've met Don King our
entire five-minute conversation was just
filled with conspiracy theories but I
think the most recent example of that
was on Easter Sunday when Trump was
tweeting about immigration sending to
eat over tweet in which he suggested he
didn't know how daca worked and he was
taking this really hard line stance and
that is largely because he was next to
and with Stephen Miller who is one of
his senior policy aides who you know it
takes a very hard line stance on
immigration and so that's showing how
his thinking is increasingly reflected
by these people
he's surrounding himself by who maybe
don't have the best policy interests in
mind and many are showing are saying
that that sort of shows how much were
isolated the president is and his policy
decisions and what he's putting out
there let's talk about the discussion
that you guys had with the founder of
the greater group Ian Bremmer
who spoke with Axios I know you that you
guys discussed what he calls Trump's
foreign policy wins so what does he see
as the president's accomplishments so
far overseas so he named three things
that he considered to be accomplishments
for Trump overseas and
was the trade deal he struck with South
Korea the airstrikes he sent to Syria
after its president used chemical
weapons and the more the pressure that
he's applied on North Korea and he said
that these are accomplishments because
Trump has this unique sort of formula
that he applies that is this idea of
being risk averse to sort of challenge
what it's been the status quo but also
being a little bit uncertain and
spontaneous in these decisions so let me
ask you really quickly switching gears
you're also focusing on embattled the
epa chief scott pruett and how he still
has a job a lot of people still
wondering that very same question how is
Pruett still in his position you think
he's got a host of allies who are sort
of creating this back-channel of
communication to the president to try to
convince him that Scott Pruett should
stick around for a couple of reasons
they're sort of saying that you know if
you get rid of Scott Pruett then the
media will just come after another
cabinet secretary and you'll go through
this all over again they're saying it's
fueled by ideology and saying liberals
in the left are just unhappy with Pruett
and they're the ones sort of fueling
this fire and don't let the left take
him down and and they just think it
would add to the general chaos but
obviously if there are more you know bad
reporting or bad facts about Scott
Pruett to come out there are serious
questions that Donald Trump will have to
answer for himself about whether or not
that is someone who should be in his
cabinet Aleksey we talked about this
little earlier in the show with Daniel
Lippmann Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg
set to make his debut before Congress
next week to discuss cameras analytic
and everything that went on with that
what are you guys seeing that that
Facebook is doing specifically to
prepare Zuckerberg ahead of these
hearings so Mark Zuckerberg is usually
pretty media shy and not the most
charismatic person that we know and
yesterday he held an hour long
conference call with reporters where he
was talking about the situation talking
about ways forward and that's sort of
signaling to us that he is preparing for
to testify in front of Congress next
week they also announced yesterday the
increased number of people who are
affected by Ken McDonald Etica and I
think that's signaling also that they
are trying to allow Mark Zuckerberg to
get ahead of these things and make sure
there are no secrets when he sits down
to testify to make sure he has as
prepared as possible and then obviously
Sheryl Sandberg the CEO is going on TV
they're sort of being apologetic there
doing a mini media tour before
testifying to sort of put themselves out
there ahead of time and say like you
know we're sorry look we're trying
so then lawmakers who are already going
to be upset will maybe be less upset
with that house their hope not sure
we're sorry and look we're trying is
gonna be enough that when 90 million
people were affected by this
absolutely I've been Washington DC for
ice Alexey McKinnon thank you very much
we're gonna definitely be reading
actually see them in just a little while
in to all of our viewers out there you
too can now sign up for the newsletter
at Axios comm all right hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
