Cinthia since you were here for the
testimony let's talk about the victims
I've found it so interesting that
Senator Murkowski vote is a fluid matter
tonight because like so many senators
victims have come from Alaska to
Washington to say this matters to us to
say that in ways that Grassley can't
understand that hearing was a triggering
event seeing her seeing him was a
triggering event this has given an
electric charge to the community of
victims across this country right people
come up to me and want to tell me and I
hit somebody the other day I want to
come tell me about her story and I can't
imagine being numbers of people that are
going to see Murkowski and Collins and
flake and Manchin and it's one of the
problems with us spending a lot of time
on the process of the FBI investigation
which I do think is important but we
have gotten away from the core the core
issue here which is what do we think
about the credibility of dr. Ford versus
the credibility of Judge Cavanaugh and
you have - it seems you know 80,000 news
cycles ago that we watched dr. Ford and
really think back what did you know what
do we all think then what was our gut on
her credibility and remember that not
only do we have our got on her
credibility but this is a woman who was
telling people ten years ago or six
years ago or whatever it was many years
ago before he was nominated for the
court that he was the person who had
done this to her and at the same time we
know that as he walked into that hearing
room his credibility had been challenged
by a person no less than Senator Leahy
who has accused him of not telling the
truth on a number of different issues so
it is important as this investigation is
on some level you don't really need it
to make a determination here even though
I would prefer that it was a much more
thorough and a decent investigation and
it's obviously a sham but you don't
really need it because you have a very
credible victim and you have an
incredible judge Kavanagh
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching
n-b-c on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
