we're back with our Beach special civil
rights in the Trump era fifty years
after the assassination of Martin Luther
King these civil rights leaders were
just speaking about organizing in the
Trump era a time where the president has
been a unifying force for many activists
our next question cuts to it can be a
deeper challenge how do the black lives
matter movement and other young
activists today address potential
differences with these legacy civil
rights leaders and welcome back to our
discussion marking the 50th anniversary
of Martin Luther King's assassination
gathering civil rights leaders from
literally three generations and our
final topic is the most difficult but I
hope and I think we come to it
constructively there are disagreements
in this community DeRay did you get
involved in part because you felt other
things weren't working well I definitely
grew up in a world where like those
people marched and like they fought for
it and we wouldn't have to do the same
thing right like that was sort of the
narrative that I gotten and I'll never
forget the first time I was teargas and
I was like I just didn't think that this
would be something I would have to do
right there was a there seems like
something didn't work out in a way that
it was supposed to you I don't know if
the disagreements are like they were
three years ago I think that there are
there were a generation of people who
wanted to be our parents more than they
wanted to be our peers in this work and
I think that that has changed I think
that people are more willing to sit at
the table and is it old enough to be
your parent yeah you know we considered
the table and I disagree about ideas or
agree about ideas in a way that isn't
paternalistic and that isn't like you
know because you did it longer that you
have all the answers actually come along
respond see I think it is it's a mature
thing that's not act like they didn't
have these same disagreements in the 60s
and we had to expand one of the things I
had to struggle with with the people
older than me John Lewis Jesse
generation would I worked under is that
we had to embrace LGBTQ women women
couldn't speak at the march on
Washington right when I came out for
same-sex marriage I had free to tell me
I can't preach in their church anymore
so I think that all of this we had to
deal with
these contradictions and we are dealing
with them yeah forever it Little Rock
for example we were at a place where we
were totally being let go of we had no
friends people were very angry at us
because all of the african-american
schools went dead that year that we were
out of school not only that the more we
went to Central High School the more
they lost their jobs they lost their
holiday contributions and some people
just said you too uppity things were
getting better you ought to take them
like they are I think that it's
important to remember we were young
activists we were there right many of us
started when we were teenagers as young
adults what I saw when black lives
matter sort of emerged was I said good
young people are organizing themselves
and collectively voicing concerns but I
have to watch there is more than that
there are leaders in civil rights and
black leaders who said black lives
matter was not well thought out Eric
Holder has said it should have had a
different name as you know yeah and a
different I think I think there was I
agree with Duran this and that three
years ago we were in a different place
and how we related to each other there
was a lot of disagreements there was a
lot of I think people are like oh are we
gonna last or are we gonna just be like
occupy you know where is our policies
you know what a black lives matter is
just a protest movement and I think and
in some ways we asserted our leadership
and said we're staying here what I'm
going anywhere and I think that when you
start when you start your activism your
activism comes from a place of passion
it comes from a place that I want to do
something to make change so you don't
have policy you don't necessarily even
have structure you just want to make
change Mayor Mario what about when some
of today's activists say they're a
leaderless movement and they don't need
an organization or a brick building
indeed they say that might make it worse
what do you say to that well I say that
over time movements many times turn into
institutions I lead an organization
that's a hundred and now eight years old
it didn't start as an institution it
started as a movement we're in this
moment where we actually need strong
black institutions to
fight what is white supremacy what is
the rise of white nationalism and I
think it's important but we're always
going to see movements then you know
emerge and sometimes in response to the
institution there is a lot of work out
here to be done but I think it's
important you understand that they have
a lot of elders would like a lot matter
we have young people in National Action
Network and national naturally my u3
patrisse cullors booklets more they
listen to my son they listen to him on
livestream more than they watch my
television show so it's not a monolith
and I think that we've grown and that to
adjust don't forget we're only the
second generation that didn't have to
adjust to the fact that most of our
leaders Malcolm Martin got killed for
their 40 we just learned that our
leaders could get old so we're trying to
adjust to them you don't have to be in
an organization to make an impact right
one of the most beautiful things about
what happened in the street in Ferguson
is that like people just came outside
right and made a commitment that they
were gonna stay outside today and stay
outside the next day and like we would
have loved we you couldn't have told I
said double ACP wasn't coming to like
save us and help fix it all but that
didn't happen and no knock on numb but
like what you saw was people just like
make a way out of no way in that moment
and that was really even mind knowing
Ferguson let's talk about fergus's for a
minute
their roles that people play yeah I just
think it's not for not that like yeah
we're gonna Street have 400 days without
without like one leader without a
organizing like that is a beautiful
thing and like you think about Baltimore
the same thing we're like people came
out to eat it was so let me add another
layer what happens when the issue itself
requires a different or more militant
approach tell me if I'm getting it wrong
you said this is less about filing a
really smart n-double-a-cp brief and
more about putting pressure on who makes
those decisions that's absolutely right
and I think this is that this is a
conversation around all the approaches
are necessary in this moment but I do
think the place where organization
matters is the long-term install term
building in a community that's
sustaining that move
been inside that can when I think re
also and I agree with Patrice is that
don't romanticize the 50s in the 60s in
ACP in the legal strategy didn't always
get along with dr. King in the mobile I
mean this era I knew do you had to
Freedom Riders at that time with the
young people like them dr. King never
rode a bus and was a Freedom Ride so
don't hang clan all of everybody was
together there were battles back then
like dr. berry you're laughing well
because we all need every big people
what's this about I mean you're gonna
need all of what we have and we and the
way things are going now people we need
everything you got the house I mean
going to Central High School was in
itself a violent and active move on our
part we went where they didn't want us
when they didn't want us and so there
are different kinds of action that one
mistake and we have to be prepared to
take it all and yet once we having done
that I now wish there been some group
that had come in and said okay now
you've taken that first step let us
build a situation in which we have these
people work together and learn the
philosophical and the spiritual bent of
being together before we go I want to
ask everyone in a word or a sentence how
are you remembering dr. King and how
should people apply his legacy today
role model having tomorrow courage to
stand up even when it's unpopular for
what is right the greatest American of
the 20th century and we should remember
his last fight for economic rights and
his fight through the Poor People's
Campaign to bring black people white
people and Latinos together before
anything else a man of God and a man who
backed education to the hills get
prepared don't go out there thinking you
deserve anything for nothing his
humanitarianism his courage he was he
will focus on systems and structures and
we know because people built this people
can build something else he was a
community organizer through and through
and he showed up at the local level even
though he received national attention he
was there for the people on the ground
every single day all I will add is
the first step to change is usually
listening and it has been a real honor
to listen to each of you share your work
and experiences today for our special
thank you thank you here thank you thank
you hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
