I have to say I'm guessing when you
heard the now well he's not former
national security adviser yet but the
outgoing national security adviser
essentially totally contradict the
president the president in the afternoon
with the Baltic leaders says no one's
been tougher on Russia the National
Security Advisor who's been fired says
we have done not done nearly enough I
know you agree with that but what is
enough yeah I think we should first
recognize that Russia is not a normal
democratic state is dictatorship and
what matters for Putin is Trump personal
remarks about Vladimir Putin because
dictator cannot afford to week and for
Putin looking strong it's the most
important condition of his political
survival and while Trump administration
them emphasize administration could be
tougher Russia we could point at Syria
where American backed Kurdish forces
wiped out Russian mercenaries and there
were sanctions expelling diplomats but
Trump has never said one word one
negative word about ladies matter why
does that matter to people why does
Putin want that so much because because
it demonstrates that that Vladimir Putin
is above Russia he's he's much more
powerful than Russian state because the
President of the United States wants
good relations with him personally and
this is a narrative on Russian
television it's a 24/7 America bashing
America's arch enemy but mysteriously
President United States has been
separated from his avalanche of
criticism and the only critical voices
are saying Trump is weak because he
couldn't fight the deep state that has
been long conspiring against Russia so
that's why the fact is that some actions
against Russia can be taken by this
administration while Trump is is being
positive about Latin Putin's is good
news for Putin and Putin can always
point out that he is not he's not being
criticized so that means he's the only
one who can protect Mother Russia
against evil influence all the rest of
the world so the presidents of Latvia
Lithuania and Estonia were standing next
to president Trump yesterday and they
were basically in in very diplomatic
turns screaming at the talk where the
about fearing their neighbor to the east
what what do you think they took away
from President Trump not talking about
Russia at all in the opening remarks
having to be prompted about the about
Russia not talking about the Russian
threat as it as the Baltic countries see
it what did they take away from that
they said all the right things to try to
appease the president in the moment what
do you think they took away in private I
believe they left White House confused
as many in Europe confused because they
could see on one side some strong
actions from this administration from
Pentagon from National Security Council
under outgoing National Security Advisor
I guess the reports from American
intelligence services it's one side of
the story but then they still have
commander in chief who is basically
refusing to accept that Russia
interfered in u.s. elections and Russia
today is the existential enemy are not
just of the United States of America but
of the free world and as long as this
crazy situation is it's preserved nobody
feels safe because at the end of the day
it's in the hands of the president
United States to give an order to
American troops to get engaged if the
worst come to the worst I want to ask
you about Western resolve do you think
it's there do you think there's a
resolve in among the American European
allies and do you think there's first
resolve among the European allies who
would like to be tougher on Russia when
it comes to United States and do you
think there's resolve in Europe in
general that the pick and fights with
Russia is and worth it and that maybe we
maybe they shouldn't be doing this
do you worry that the Western resolve is
cracking Western resolve is not where I
wanted to be because for many years
Vladimir Putin has been using all these
instruments of hybrid war to undermine
this resolve to buy influence and we
could see that many European countries
now they're led by politicians that are
very Pro put an oh bleep report like
Austria Slovakia Hungary and even
Germany now looks very very weak
don't forget Italy what happened there
but it doesn't have a government yet but
yeah we can go on with with the list of
the countries all politicians in in some
of the countries like marilla pan and
France for instance who are again all
the arguing that good relations with
Russia as well as Donald Trump has been
doing for a long time
it's much better than than continuing
this confrontation there Putin Putin is
relying has been relying on
confrontation as the most important
element of his domestic propaganda and
at the end of the day it's still for
United States of America to take a lead
without the United States showing the
result and leading the agree college and
nothing that's going to happen and so
far Donald Trump is not looking as
someone who is going to to to take this
lead I know you're skeptical of
President Trump and his resolve on Putin
but let's say he called you up and you
know the week before he's gonna have his
summit with Putin whether it's at the
White House Camp David mar-a-lago who
knows where it'll be but it obviously he
invited him for a summit what what if he
asked you what does Putin want out of
this summit and what trap should I avoid
me being the president in this case
asking you when it comes to dealing with
Putin what would you tell him oh I'll
tell him bluntly that you're already
being trapped because inviting boots and
that's exactly what Putin wants Putin
doesn't care about the substance of the
conversation all he wants is the picture
with Donald Trump in the White House and
marelok anywhere because that's what to
be shown on Russian television to
demonstrate that while Russia is being
treated poorly Vladimir Putin is
invincible
volodymyr Putin is the one who can fix
everything and that will give Putin
enormous political power to to deal with
any potential discontent among his
allies and and henchmen in Russian
Kasparov I don't think you meant to say
this but it was interesting when you
said only Putin alone can fix this I
went I've heard somebody else say I
alone can fix this I think it was a
candidate named Donald Trump back in
2016 anyway many other similarities
between those two and I believe Trump
envis Putin because Putin can do many
things that Trump still cannot do thanks
to the law of the land garry kasparov as
always sir thank you for coming out and
sharing your views appreciate it hey
there
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
