this morning the president as Stephanie
said insisting we're not in a trade war
with China that war was lost many years
ago by the foolish or incompetent people
who represented the United States he
also repeated his claim of a five
hundred billion dollar trade deficit
with China something Commerce Secretary
Wilbur Ross echoed this morning on CNBC
as you know he's said in the tweet and I
agree when you're five hundred billion
down this isn't a war you can lose if it
gets to be a war lot to discuss here we
want to remind the administration that
no despite the president with the fact
that the President and Wilbur Ross have
said so we do not have a five hundred
billion dollar trade deficit with China
we've got a trade deficit China does
import five hundred billion dollars
worth of goods into the or export ooh
five hundred billion dollars worth of
goods into the United States but the US
exports to China slash that to three
hundred and seventy five billion dollars
I'm not sure why Stephanie the president
continues to say it's a five hundred
billion dollar trade deficit because it
just weakens the argument because we've
got to tell you that once again the
President of the United States is lying
lying as is Wilbur Ross and we should
remind you that that trade deficit has
only grown since President Trump has
been in office so let's hop into the
back the way back the time machine to
last month when the president famously
declared on Twitter trade wars are good
and easy to win let's look at how good
this sucker is going overnight China
announced a fifty billion dollars worth
of tariffs on American goods and it
shows a targeted effort to hurt Trump
country here are just a few of the
sector's can't with fifteen or twenty
five percent tariffs first up soybeans
it is our second biggest export to China
and eight of the ten soybean producing
states voted for President Trump in 2016
car exports top ten US export to China
Midwestern states were the key
- the president's election victory and
beak beef exports all parts of China
continuing to hit us agriculture this is
all in response to a list released by US
Trade Representative listing 1,300
Chinese exports worth about fifty
billion bucks on their side a massive
target electronics the proposal would
hit one of China's biggest export
sectors but could also cause a major
issue for US companies like Apple and
Dell who rely on Chinese made components
to deliver inexpensive phones tablets
and computers to Americans also on the
list
dishwashers US households would get hit
with new costs as the kitchen staple now
faces a 25% tariff and for those with
chronic medical conditions and senior
citizens medical devices they are on
this list many products needed to treat
sick Americans could see a serious rise
in price thanks to this tit-for-tat
approach and yesterday's US announcement
comes on the heels of China attacking
tariffs on US fruits pork products nuts
sparkling wine and more a significant
amount of those tariffs directly it you
guessed it Trump voters Wilmer Ross said
it the Chinese they're good at
arithmetic and getting back to the very
beginning it was almost 30 days ago the
President Trump announced his intent to
tax steel and aluminum coming from
abroad eventually exempting many allies
narrowing the target list
significantly to feature China all right
joining us now is CNBC contributor Ron
and Sanne and former US Trade
Representative under President Obama
ambassador Ron Kirk Ron let me start
with you
I want to just bring you that Donald
Trump tweet again from this morning
where he said we're not in a trade war
with China that war was lost many years
ago by the foolish or incompetent people
who represented the u.s. now we have a
trade deficit of 500 billion dollars a
year with intellectual property theft of
another 300 billion we cannot let this
continue we've already clarified that
the 500 billion dollars is a lie I used
to think it was just an error that the
president was making but he does it
every day and we know the White House
watches this so we've been telling them
every day that it's wrong so now it's
just a straight-up lie but ambassador
are you one
those foolish incompetent people well
you know I guess I guess I am and I
would tell you Ali at least my daughters
take great joy in the president's
description big is that
but listen you you and Stephanie have
spent the morning debunking that but I
do want to frame this Ali and the
broader context that a number of
administration's have consistently
challenged China to uphold u.s.
intellectual property rights have
respect for our trade secrets and taken
them the task on that but the one point
missing from this one of the strategies
we put in place to check trying to own
that was our being a central author of
the trans-pacific partnership which
would have elevated the status and
rights of US intellectual property
rights around the world but particularly
in Southeast Asia and to some degree
boxed Chinese out of China out of that
and as you know the president was drew
from that but the president takes what
is a legitimate concern for many
American manufacturers but has done this
absolutely dizzying Twitter sort of
initiated of random approach to slapping
tariffs on goods for no reasons that
brought about the predicted response
from China and now we're seeing the
markets and those in the states that you
mentioned that that are going to be hurt
by this respond to that okay Ron and
Sanne Wilbur Ross earlier on CNBC was
talking and he said sure we knew this
was going to happen this is how the
tariff game works
take a look anyone who thought that the
Chinese would do nothing when we put on
the measures that we did just wasn't
paying attention they know we're talking
about fractions of 1% of the respective
economies so this is not World War 3
yikes wasn't paying attention just weeks
ago Peter Navarro said other countries
aren't going to take action they can't
afford to well they clearly can China
has and for Wilbur Ross to say he's
surprised that the market reacted
that way he's not telling the truth
other members of this administration
told him that's exactly what would
happen yeah and listen I mean the
markets are having an appropriate
response to what for now is a series of
trade skirmishes but that could lead to
a full-scale war and and while Peter
Navarro who I don't think belongs in the
US Trade Representative office in any
way shape or form has suggested as the
president has as well that these are
winnable events we've seen in history
whether it's in the 1930s or other
periods throughout global economic
history that trade wars are bad for
business now as the Ambassador said we
have some legitimate complaints with
China we also have in the World Trade
Organization a dispute settlement
mechanism that should be used before you
resort to unilateral tariffs and this
administration has really turned a deaf
ear to that in addition when you're
dealing with Asian countries you usually
typically start behind the scenes with
negotiations and if nothing else works
and if the WTO doesn't agree with you
you then launch into these tariffs so
that the process itself has been turned
on its head and it's going to create an
environment where the u.s. is borrowing
a trillion dollars this year China being
one of the biggest buyers of US Treasury
bonds can use that as a lever against
the US stay on that I don't think people
realize this China is our banker the
American people need to understand the
amount of US debt that they hold and
they can hold over us yeah they have 1.1
trillion dollars of US Treasuries there
between Japan and China the two biggest
holders of foreign holders of US
Treasury bonds now people would argue
that's mutually assured destruction if
the Chinese were to stop buying bonds or
to sell them because they could
conceivably tank our economy by having
interest rates spiked up and the dollar
fall sharply but they also have reserves
on which they can rely they have
trillions of dollars in capital reserves
that we don't have so financing our
ever-increasing budget deficit gets that
much more difficult if China were to use
the ultimate lever in the midst of a
trade war ambassador Kirk Wilbur Ross
saying 1% of these economies with very
big economies right the United States is
almost a 19 trillion dollar economy so
to say 1% that would be interesting if
it were applied evenly but it's not
going to be applied evenly so if you are
an auto manufacturer or you are a
soybean farmer or a
pig farmer or a whiskey distillery he
some of us are not gonna feel any part
of the 1% some of us aren't only going
to feel it as consumers but there are a
lot of American producers who are going
to feel a much more than a 1% hit well I
look at this and you have to forgive the
Texan and me that's that's kind of like
the old folks definition of minor
surgery is when it's owned you write
minor tariffs is when it's on somebody
else listen our farmers always bear the
front of these tariff wars and again I
don't quarrel with the Trump
administration saying China we want you
to play by the rules right
but the reason most administrations have
avoided these tariffs is because they're
real consequences and they're felt by
farmers and small businesses and
manufacturers and suppliers and workers
whether they're building Boeing
airplanes or growing grapes for wine the
impact on them is going to be real and
what also frustrates me is there's no
discussion about the reality the trade
isn't a sum 0 game and and whether we
like it or not 90% of the world's
consumers live somewhere other than the
United States and having a smart
thoughtful trade policy is one of the
ways we're gonna grow our economy and if
we can get China to understand that they
can use u.s. products to help them meet
their own growth goals this can be a
win-win and I think I heard early on the
I mean Ally note correctly earlier yes
we buy a lot from China yeah but we sell
China a lot and it's only been 20 years
that they've opened up their market and
they're already one of our biggest
export desperate destinations yeah so
one approach that we can use is to
convince China how to buy more of our
goods and source services and that's one
way we can balance out the trade
imbalance
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
