welcome back to harbor that was Martin
Luther King of course delivering his
iconic mountain type speech exactly
fifty years ago tonight in Memphis
Tennessee was assassinate the next day
that's tomorrow fifty years ago I'm
joined now by the Reverend Al Sharpton
National Action Network president and of
course host of MSNBC's politics nation
Reverend I've never asked you this but I
think tell me give me the unadulterated
story the last several years of dr. King
when he was you know he came out against
the Vietnam War that ticked off of
people in the middle and the right he
wasn't perhaps as militant and some
other people the black community
leadership what was it really like to be
dr. King and in those last couple of
years dr. King was very much in in many
ways unpopular and he was standing alone
he was under attack by many on the right
including the Liberals in the Johnson
administration because he had come out
against the war in Vietnam of the civil
rights leaders of national organizations
attacked him saying he was hurting the
civil rights cause doing that and he was
under attack on the left many of the
more strident black fire advocates that
said non-violence had run his course and
wanted to see other things done when
when he was killed I was 13 I was one
raised in New York it wasn't popular to
be with dr. King I was appointed youth
director that year of his local chapter
here and it wasn't popular to be with
dr. King in the North because it was
more strident so I think people forget
from the left and the right he was under
attack which really showed the moral
strength he had that he wouldn't waver
in terms of his tactics of non-violence
or his goal of world peace and of course
racial equality and he and a time before
a lot of people in the Middle
politically saw it he saw the unfairness
of Vietnam here and there the injustice
of the war absolutely in fact a year
before his death April 4th 67 he came to
New York and spoke at Riverside Church
and came out against the war and marched
to a doctor Benjamin spot and
others and and I remember when he last
came to New York two weeks before his
assassination he came to install
Reverend Wyatt tee Walker here many of
the so-called mainstream civil rights
leaders that had lauded him did not want
to be identified because they didn't
want to alienate the Johnson
administration so he had a very lonely
trek the last couple of years but he was
able to stand it and he didn't budge he
ended his life fighting on economic
issues he foresaw a lot of what we dealt
with in my generation and we continue to
deal with economic inequality way before
it was popular he was trying to organize
a Poor People's Campaign he went to
Memphis to support a union of garbage
workers will be marching with them
tomorrow in Memphis so I think that he
had a vision that was way beyond his
times and really shaped the times in
which we're living in we're nowhere near
where we need to be less than a week ago
I'm doing the eulogy over an unarmed
black man shot in Sacramento dr. King
talked about police brutality fifty
years ago we're still dealing with it
but we've made a lot of progress because
of what he did cuz he went from
demonstration to legislation voter
rights the Civil Rights Act passed he
changed thank you it's great to have you
as a colleague in and take care of
yourself
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
