we continue to cover this split this
this cleave the Republicans saying
nothing to see here and Cory Booker went
on this network tonight and straight up
said the fix was in on this FBI report
and their this problem sits yeah Brian
it's a real problem you know the the
rules around this FBI reporter that
senators are not supposed to discuss the
specifics of its content and senators in
both parties who I spoke to today when
about as far as they possibly could to
get up to that line without crossing it
and I had a conversation with Cory
Booker today about this subject too and
he essentially said look I can't tell
you the specifics but the idea that
there's not malfeasance that there's not
other issues here that there's not other
questions here it's ludicrous he said
you know he's not a professional
investigator but as he read page after
page of these 46 pages of FBI interview
notes he was you know presented with all
these questions that he wishes he as an
amateur investigator could have gone
back and asked these witnesses so for
Democrats they feel like this is a this
report this FBI effort was a sham it
didn't do the job it provided political
cover for Republicans Republicans who I
talked to coming out of this meeting or
almost uniform and saying zero
corroboration no corroboration that was
the sort of the code word from
Republicans as they were digesting this
report I don't think we're gonna know
what's in it until or if perhaps House
Democrats are in the majority in the
spring of next year and they subpoena
the contents but everybody got a little
bit of what they wanted politically here
to continue to make their arguments
Brian and we're not going to know what's
in this report with any finality when
the first vote gets cast tomorrow
morning hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
