I now need to turn to reports on special
counsel Robert mother's Russia
investigation according to the
Washington Post special counsel told
president Trump's lawyers the while he
is still under investigation he's not
currently a criminal target the
president's attorney Ty Cobb declined to
comment while his lawyer Jay Sekulow
said quote we do not discuss real or
alleged conversations between our legal
team and the Office of Special Counsel I
want to bring in the man who wrote this
extraordinary piece for The Washington
Post
he is also moderator of Washington week
on PBS Roberto this is some piece I want
to share this quote in private
negotiations in early March about a
possible presidential interview Muller
described Trump has a subject of his
investigation into Russia's interference
in the 2016 he's not a target but he's
the subject of the investigation walk me
through the difference because this
morning when I woke up I actually turned
on Fox & Friends and I saw that headline
he's not the target like a huge win but
I think that might not be the case it is
a complicated legal situation working
with my colleague Carol lennick at the
Washington Post we've reported that the
Muller probe is trying to get an
interview with the President of the
United States and in the discussions to
try to make that sit-down happen there
have they've been updating the
president's lawyers about his status and
they have told the president's lawyers
that he is not a witness he is now
considered a subject not a criminal
target but somewhere in the middle
someone who's a subject and what that
means in brief is someone whose intent
is not necessarily known they want to
find out more about his intent on
certain decisions but as of yet at this
moment is not about to be indicted
you're in the middle though it could go
either way governor we also learned in
this piece that Robert Muller is
preparing a report on a possible
obstruction of justice what do you make
of that well obviously if that turns out
to be true and comes forward that's very
very serious I mean that's probably one
of the allegations that could really
stick certainly the frenzy of
speculation in a funny way serves the
president right he's kind of been a
master at confusing you know kinda
Chinese and moving things around
and in a funny way he my mother used to
say to us when we were kids methinks he
doth complain too much right and this is
something that actually may serve him
Wow Steve Schmidt what's your take on
this Washington Post piece I just think
I was like a subject and a target it's
kind of like to me the difference
between being like engaged and married
like one before the other inexorably
wing either ends well and no Stephanie
not necessarily I know but look I you
know the larger issue here is is the
Russian Federation Vladimir Putin across
all of the West are attacking
democracies and attacking the idea of
democracy so we talk about this country
as a place and we talk about America as
a place where people live and things
happen but we don't talk as much as we
should and as much as we used to about
America as an idea and the Russian
attack is on the idea of liberty of
freedom he's undermining the notion of
the capacity of the American people for
self-governance he's attacking our
institutions and the lubricants of the
democratic system our faith trust in
belief and Vladimir Putin is attacking
that and this president it was a Russian
term useful idiot for an unwilling or a
willing collaborator to their aims and
that our president is a useful idiot
referred to by the way on Russian state
media all the time as our president
meaning Russia's president he is a
useful idiot for Russia's aims at
undermining our democratic institutions
when he attacks the intelligence
community when he attacks the Justice
Department when he attacks and
undermines essential institutions he is
doing Vladimir Putin's bidding his work
for him he's undermining the American
people's faith in the idea of America
the capacity of the American people for
self-governance and the essential
institutions that make
our country's special and so it's an
extraordinary moment to watch this
unfolding every day when he attacks the
free media when he attacks the
judiciary's those are all the pillars of
a free democracy and Russia is aligning
those similar attacks I think Steve's
exactly right this is this is ultimately
again it hasn't it's what it's doing is
weakening the fiber the fabric that
holds us together is that it broken it
but it is weakening all right well
there's somebody who definitely you can
make the argument has felt undermined at
some point this year HR McMaster and I
want to share something he said if you
haven't seen it yet in his last speech
as National Security Advisor take a look
Russia brazenly and implausibly denies
its actions and we have failed to impose
sufficient costs well Wow with that I
mean this on the same day remember
President Trump yesterday no one's been
tougher on Russia than me and everyone's
nodding their head because they know
it's true everybody knows at this point
the Russians know this everyone who's
halfway intelligent national security
knows this even Republicans who won't
speak out loud know this you know the
president has done nothing against
Russia the president has not used the
resources that have been allocated to
combat what Russia is doing the
president has stymied any attempts to
protect our electoral system this fall
about Russia he has done absolutely
nothing but I will say this I think this
is key you know going with what we
talked about with what Muller is
actually doing and being a target versus
you know being a subject one way or
another this is this is like every
episode of law and order this is every
cop show you've ever seen it's my
favorite chef exact my - it's like me
you are the original I like the original
really
during war Bob gotta go with ice-t yeah
walk with my spirit animal I love that
job but but yeah like you know this is
every cops like Jay just come in and
talk come in and talk if you tell
President Trump that he is a target
right now he's not going to talk to you
so you basically have to keep dragging
this out and suggesting that maybe were
hey we're just trying to find out about
those other guys come in and chat with
us that's what Muller is doing right
okay Robert Kosta then take me to
Washington on a day when the president
says nobody's been tougher on Russia
than me when HR McMaster says we have
utterly failed what are the rest of
Republicans saying we know they're not
saying anything publicly
what are they saying behind closed doors
whether it's about the president in
Russia or your piece about Robert Mother
and the President on the Russian matter
with regard to foreign policy the
Republicans and Democrats I've spoken to
in recent weeks are alarmed to some
respects about what they see as an
enthusiasm gap in this administration
between its public comments about
President Putin and the policies the
administration has taken they know the
president and the administration have
decided to expel certain diplomats as
they have this this standoff with Russia
over intervention and interference in
the election and and different
activities Russia has done over the last
couple of years at the same time they
don't see the president echoing the
general McMaster in the same way and
they wonder why and they also see the
president having some kind of
conversation with President Putin about
a possible visit to Washington even the
White House and this sends up a red flag
in the traditional foreign policy
community but of course in the White
House they say the president just
doesn't believe or share the same values
or the same perspective as that
traditional foreign policy community in
both parties all right then governor
before we go you it said just a moment
ago that the systems not broken but it's
definitely being tested whether the
president is doubting our judiciary or
the Free Press it almost seems like
you're making a call for a stronger you
know sort of centrist leadership does
that mean you're running for president
know what I'm saying I'm saying I'm
being very clear is that when you fray
and weaken the the fabric that holds
students together I mean what it does is
it and Steve said this it makes people
stop believing in government
different kind of clear for me because
Governor Kasich of Ohio was sort of
hinting that 2020 might be a time for
President Trump to get a challenger
could you and John Kasich be the ticket
I've told you this before it would make
a really long bumper stickers so it
works for SUVs but it's not in your
future no I don't think so although John
Kasich is I mean his points of
contention with the president are always
intriguing so I think he's worth paying
attention to that being said as much as
I respect him and enjoy his company I
think we disagree on too many things to
really be a part you know a unity ticket
I've seen Dumb and Dumber this is one of
the most effective leaders of government
in the United States extremely
successful governor extremely successful
mayor of Denver businessman smart
pragmatic competent effective virtues
that that are missing you know from a
lot of our politics today so I hope
you're wrong all right we're going to
leave it there so you're saying there's
a chance
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
