joining us Peter Coon heart he's the
director an executive producer of the
new HBO documentary king in the
wilderness which looks at the last three
years of King's life as told through
personal stories from his closest
friends and advisors have a look
I do not know that everything that
Martin said or did he was quite prepared
for he had felt that in many ways
dealing with the South was a more
predictable outcome because in the North
the racially policy was very subversion
it gave the appearance of being not like
the South the South was the center of
all evil and the North was a place of
the higher experience the master Kings
have known us not the case Peter thanks
so much for being with us and that that
that was a shock to many people as dr.
King went north and a lot of northerners
turned on him I I remember that that
hearted picture from 1976 when South
Boston was integrated of a white student
trying to drive an American flag through
the chest of a black student and that's
the resistance that dr. King his last
three years or extraordinarily difficult
weren't they
yeah that kind of visceral hatred from
North Boston was throughout Chicago and
Cicero and and you know he admitted it
was worse than any violence or hatred
that he saw it in South and it was
multiplied flight times thousands I mean
the crowds were unreal and very much
like today there were swastika signs all
over the place there were there were
lynching signs there was a hatred in the
air that was palpable
and he thought his job was to where was
he surprised by that in the north he was
surprised the at the at the depth of the
hazel-e he just thought it was he knew
there was work to be done there but he
was surprised at the intensity
and his job was to to scrape the surface
to irritate the surface because he knew
this hatred would come bubbling up you
know Peter we we have we as Americans
have this ideal this is Martin Luther
King and it seems like his life ended
for so many Americans in 1963 with the
remarkable speech that Martin on
Washington and we looked through boy
when he walked through the valley alone
being attacked from the for right and
from the far left talk about just how
difficult those final years were for dr.
King you know we're all taught about the
I have a dream speech that's blimp and
so overplayed that that's the image
people have in their head but it as king
himself said it turned into a nightmare
when he went went beyond the civil
rights limitations and went north to
fight poverty to fight fair housing and
turn on this make a statement against
the war in Vietnam and once he came out
on these bigger social issues everyone
turned against him the pain to the media
turned against him his funders turned
against him even his friends turned
against him so he he was feeling very
lone depressed and and isolated though
in those last years I want to read some
from Edie's latest column in Time
magazine it's titled the whitewashing
and resurrection of dr. King's legacy
Eddie writes about Kings reckoning of
his own life's work and it's true impact
on American society Eddie writes near
the end of his life
King confronted the uncertainty of his
moral vision he had underestimated how
deeply the belief that white people
matter more than others was ingrained in
the habits of American life fifty years
after King's assassination was so much
unchanged Donald Trump has ripped off
the scab of the nation's racial politics
embolden in a kind of overt racism that
many convinced themselves had been
banished for white America to confront
the reality what is happening in the
shadows and segregated spaces of this
country requires a kind of maturity and
honesty that would shatter our national
myth that equality has been a shared
goal it can happen we're seeing seismic
shifts
black lives matter me too and March for
our lives are reconfiguring cultural
norms and may signal a realignment of
our politics Eddie there's a quote in
the mountaintop speech from April 3rd
the Mason temple he says dr. King always
say to America is be true to what you
said on paper live up to those ideals
that you wrote about in the Constitution
and the Bill of Rights and the
Declaration of Independence and all
those things I asked this question of
Gene Robinson earlier but were dr. King
alive
today what would he think of this moment
in American life he would probably I
would hate to try to put words in his
mouth and I would think he might be
speaking from the pulpit of Riverside
right Peter day really calling the
nation to task to live up to its
principles pointing out the hypocrisy I
mean there's this wonderful moment
powerful insightful moment and where do
we go from here published in 1967 where
he says that in effect white America
believes that racial inequality is
really a loose expression for
improvement as if equality is a
charitable enterprise a philanthropic
enterprise something that white people
give to others and so King said it had
been easy relatively easy in the first
part of the movement but genuine
equality was difficult because of what
he thought of as the triple evils racism
capitalism or poverty in this instance
and militarism but he understood that he
really missed he didn't quite grasp how
deep racism was and so just think about
this Joe 12 years later in 1980 Reagan
is elected and think about the debates
around the holiday remember the
newspapers dr. Martin Luther King dr.
Martin Luther Coon coming out of the
White House think about the filibuster
in the file that Jesse Helms was running
around Capitol Hill with trying to show
that dr. King was in fact a traitor
right so King confronted a kind of
resistance to his attempt to get America
to live up to what it was to its
principles on paper and Jeffrey Goldberg
the Atlantic
put out a moving commemorative issue
about dr. King's life and legacy tell us
about it well the whole idea of that Joe
is is it was not to do an issue that
sort of turns him into a plaster saint
and ends the story in 1963 we wanted to
look at you know through a journalistic
lens the unfinished legacy particularly
as it relates to the triple evils that
he identified racism poverty and
militarism and so this is an issue
filled with journalism about this moment
it's not just about King and what he
achieved and what he didn't achieve
because his life was cut short in the
1960s but you know I'm so curious that I
if I can ask Peter this question you
know when he died and this is one of the
things that we tried to resurrect in
this issue this isn't this this idea
that people would like to forget that
Martin Luther King at his death was one
of the most unpopular people in America
but my question is is was it was it when
he pivoted against Vietnam when he made
militarism which manifested itself in
his mind as the war in Vietnam what was
that the moment when a lot of white
liberals and white Democrats said oh
this guy has gone too far one thing his
lunch counters are fine but don't
question some of the from the great
priorities of our democratic government
I think that was the largest piece of it
but it went before that when he when it
came to fight for fair housing and who
anyway went to the Congress and asked
for money to be spent was the first time
he said money's gonna have to be used to
fix some of these evils and as soon as
money came into the equation opposition
came but but but the Riverside speech
where he came out against the war was
when the media dropped him when his
close friends dropped and when his
financial supporters dropped him and he
was just he was already going through a
depression and and he was alone and
extremely depressed at the end of his
life please well Eddie you wrote about
Martin Luther King's depression in your
column and how he was in despair at the
end of his life because he was worried
that racism was something that was just
so intractable in American society
and today Patti lived what do you think
he would see as the most important
policy priority the most important
policy changes that could be made to
actually further racial equality in the
country I think he would still you know
and I hate trying to anticipate what dr.
komyoji's oh but I would
he obviously would have to be have to
address income inequality he would
obviously have to address policing in
America that the carceral state the fact
that we've seen since 68 a kind of
tripling of the incarceration of black
folk he would have to kind of address
the fact that the projected number that
by 2050 3 the median income of black
households will be zero zero in 1968 the
median income for black households was
ninth was zero right he would have to
address the fact that our schools are as
segregated today as they were in the
1960s right we can go on and there's a
speech he gave in Stanford in 1967 where
he says we have we makes the trip to the
pivot to genuine equality and he talks
about this is what we're facing now he
talks about unemployment he talks about
housing he talks about policing and the
like but then he says what I've come to
learn and even said it in this very pain
way that some people who supported the
movement in the South World War were
more upset by the brutality of Bull
Connor than they were about the
brutality of segregation and so there
was a sense in which King understood
that what I call the value gap is at the
heart of this country there's a line
that James Baldwin used and I don't want
to go too much because I'm trying to run
for the Senate there's a line that James
Baldwin used that King was kind of
revolving around right thinking about he
says we skew zmei language he says we
invented the n-word vinagre to justify
the crime we had to invent it in order
to justify the crime and until we asked
ourselves the question why did we need
the n-word in the first place we will
find ourselves over and over again on
this racial hamster wheel and
was grappling with that and along those
lines Peter I just saw an article this
week that that was distressing so
distressing that we said he said there's
always been income inequality between
black Americans and white Americans I
read it read a about a study this week
that shows parents that are well-off and
have have black children their children
are more likely to lose income across
their life and actually actually lose
that wealth then white students so this
is it it's not just about white home
you're born into it is about the color
of your skin still in America it is and
I the the process of making this film
has made me less encouraged as opposed
to more encouraged while King would have
pushed for hope and pushing forward
always to make progress I came to
realize how ingrained this country is on
the race issue how much deeper how much
meaner how much hate there is there and
it seems like none of none of the simple
solutions that are in place are going to
do anything about it so I'm a little
grim the new HBO documentary is king in
the wilderness
Peter Coon heart thank you very thank
you Peter experience and coming up Ford
down
GM down bowing down US markets are
getting battered right now after China
retaliates against the US announcing new
tariffs overnight morning Joe is back in
a moment thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
