and at all and this the Trump
administration on proposed 25 percent
tariffs on fifty billion dollars in
Chinese imports mainly tech equipment
among more than 1300 products are
flat-screen tvs medical devices let's
just go through this so if you're at
home Donald Trump because of a very he's
had this twist for about 40 years at
which born of ignorance yeah the cost of
your flat-screen TVs are going up the
cost of your medical devices are going
up aircraft parts will go up Saturday
cost of flying on airplanes will go up
bat the cost of batteries will go up the
cost of pork will go up the cost you
name it go across the board Donald Trump
and the Trump tariff tax is going to
impact you and going to impact your
family
Lutie when you when you when you go to
Walmart when you go to Target when you
go to the grocery store it's gonna
impact you all across the board you know
we just point out the first item in that
list soybeans that really hits a lot of
states the Donald Trump one it hits
families like mine I mean it really this
is not what the American agriculture
sector needs right now
Amica farmers in Iowa yeah are getting
pounded by this trade war well yesterday
China said it is only polite to
retaliate and within the last few hours
China announced 25% tariffs on 50
billion dollars worth of American
exports including soybeans airplanes and
autos yesterday the president said he
thinks the u.s. he thinks the US and
China are in a good place
China I have great respect for President
Xi two of the most incredible days of my
life were spent in China many of you
were with me he's a tremendous person
but we have a problem with China they've
created a trade deficit and I really
blame our represented
and frankly our preceding presidents for
this so we'll be working with China will
be negotiating with China again our
relationship is very good with China and
we intend to keep it that way
acting Secretary of State John Sullivan
is scheduled to meet with the Chinese
ambassador at the State Department this
afternoon meanwhile data analyzed by the
Brookings Institution finds that among
the tariffs China announced on Monday
the majority of the industry's jobs are
in counties that President Trump won in
2016 the jobs are mostly farming and
secondary metal manufacturing only in
wineries do Clinton counties have most
jobs so Willy Donald Trump says that he
loves China and he says that China loves
him it's just American consumers and
American farmers and any Americans that
buy automobiles
he's setting up to fail TVs or you name
it that he must not like because they're
gonna be punished by the it's amazing
how this is playing out exactly how
everyone predicted it would play out
Donald Trump should have known it when
he threatened tariffs every economist
knew it Steve Rattner knew it we've
known it about Donald Trump for thirty
years first it was Japan in the 1980s
now it's China this is what happens when
you impose tariffs against the power
they impose tariffs back and our prices
in our country go up and Steve to what
benefit of the American economy
what is helping zero benefit and
actually a detriment in the sense that
this this trade war trade is good for
the world as a general matter it's good
for America as a general matter it's
part of why we've have a successful
economy and so this is really kind of an
opening salvo if you will in and of
itself it isn't gonna bring down the
economy but you see the reaction in the
stock market this morning and it's
simply a reflection of what the stock
market thinks is going to happen our
overall economy and to our business if
trade war if this trade war really
escalates so let's bring in CNBC senior
national correspondent Brian Sullivan to
weigh in on this what are we missing
here Brian all right well there's a
couple things guys but a good discussion
here let's let's the one thing I will
add is that these are right now proposed
tariffs here's sort of the Trump for tat
that we have seen recently which is this
the president posed three billion in
tariffs on imported steel and aluminum
from around the world that didn't really
hit China
China retaliated a bit now we have
instituted proposed fifty billion in
tariffs China retaliating overnight
stock features of you guys have noted
indicating will drop over four hundred
points at the open so I think that the
one thing that we do need to note is
that these are proposed tariffs the
tariffs that we are seeing are as you
guys have rightly noted on a lot of
agricultural sort of chemical things
things that we would ship over there
that might be included in manufacturing
and then shipped back here thus your
comments on why prices may go up other
companies that would need to be watched
if indeed the tariffs happen and it's
still an if things like GM and Ford cars
SUVs there'd be there's already taxes in
China there would be increased tariffs
there GM of course in the Dow Boeing
also in the Dow there are increased
tariffs on aircraft and aircraft parts
as well as well as heavy machinery
products so you got caterpillar again
another major company based in Illinois
that is in the Dow Jones Industrial
Average which is why we're seeing
futures indicated with such a drop so
right now guys what we have are
proposals out there the u.s. proposals
are still subject to what they call
public comment basically they're gonna
have some hearings on this but if they
go through we're looking at mid May when
these tariffs would actually go into
effect Wow
yeah there's a process for there's a
process for this to sell he says but if
you look at something like Boeing Boeing
stock today at the moment looks like
it's gonna open down close to six
percent yeah and and and by the way yes
this is just proposed but actually
American companies just like Amazon did
a couple of days ago because of the
president's recklessness lost billions
of dollars Boeing's going to lose
billions of dollars the market today is
going to lose billions of dollars that
people that are impacted by these areas
that Donald Trump actually is going
after with this Trump tariff tax they're
going to be impacted people with
retirement plans all across America are
going to be impacted people who are on
retirement and have fixed retirement
plans they are being punished today they
will be punished by the market and
because of the president and Eddie
I'm just wondering Willie if you have if
you have buddy just go back to what
Elise said if Republicans aren't
concerned that Donald Trump's a racist
and we just have to go back to Paul Ryan
who said that Donald Trump's are one of
the most racist things he could ever say
and the next day he endorsed hmm right
yep
if you have Republicans who don't really
care enough to stand up and stop the
president when he passes the largest
pork barrel spending omnibus bills ever
they drive up the national debt and they
say absolutely nothing if you have
Republicans that are sitting on Capitol
Hill and Trump passes his tariff tax
that actually does great violence to the
idea of free trade and what Republicans
have preached about for until the
Americans they stood for for 30 40 years
and they say absolutely nothing and then
he savages a company in the private
sector goes in and forget about the
invisible hand this is the iron fist of
an autocrat in waiting and cost billions
of dollars dining docks because it's a
political enemy and Donald Trump is
trying to choose winners and losers and
that does the gravest of violence to all
the ideas of Hayek and Milton Friedman
and William F Buckley and and you can
just go down the list of conservative
icons then what are that what is the
Republican Party for what is the
conservative movement because if
conservatives love attacking Republicans
you can't just put this on the
Republican Party this is the
conservative movement now that is muted
by Donald Trump and they will not come
out say this man is a liberal and he is
unfit to be a Republican president or be
called a conservative it's a question
we've asked for 15 months now and I
still don't know the answer what are
they afraid of what happens if you step
up to a microphone today and say you
cannot attack an American company in
Amazon you can't do it a few of them
came out and talked about tariffs when
that was proposed a couple of weeks ago
they came out and said I think this is a
bad idea he rolled through them and
proposed the tariffs anyway but what
happens to you if you cross the
president what are you afraid of
shira's because they wanted to get their
tax cut they got the tax cut they wanted
to work with them on some big
legislation what are you afraid of I
honestly don't know the answer that
question if you walk up to a bank of
microphones and say taking on Amazon
dropping the stock of Amazon costing
jobs costing workers what yeah it's not
you it's your principle it's supposed to
be what you stand for Sully yeah it is
and but listen let's push back on two
ways number one a comment and then maybe
a question do you guys the common is
this I do wonder if the president
recognized the importance of Amazon for
the overall market you have to
understand if you're not a stock market
sort of wonk that Amazon is incredibly
important to the overall market because
it's been a massive growth vessel that's
one but here's the other thing too and I
guess you know at least Jordan you would
probably understand this as well being
from Mississippi that and by the way
guys I'm gonna be doing our show my show
from Alabama Joe I think you're next
next week long NAFTA and so tune in
because here's the thing there are
people that we're gonna find in
Pennsylvania that debt Alysse or Steven
Rattner would agree with the president
what they would say is this that China
has tied its currency many would say
unlawfully to the US dollar over the
last number of years so that their
currency is not allowed to freefloat
against our currency and therefore
Chinese made products are artificially
cheap and there's no way that US
manufacturers can compete that's the
counter-argument that's what those in
the manufacturing centers will say is
that they will say well China is not
playing a fair global game and that
maybe these tariffs are the way to go
back to the negotiating table and see if
China will change perhaps its currency
pegs I want to talk to Steve about David
Ignatius but Steve it's this this is
again Donald Trump is reckless he's
irresponsible he's costing billions of
dollars to investors mom-and-pop
operations because of the way he's going
about doing it's just like it's just
like North Korea if you have a nuclear
threat you don't rush in unannounced to
a meeting with South Korean diplomats
and say hey let's get together with kim
jeong-hoon let's do it you have a long
drawn-out process it may take a year it
may take two years to make sure that
that will be
a productive meeting because the last
four presidents have failed at it let's
get it right this son it's the same
thing if we have problems with China
that's something that you don't resolve
in the 20 years of problems in a tweet
or by blurting things out at a press
conference when he hasn't thought
through this you negotiate it you sit
down you talk and then you come up with
the best plan that will not hurt
American consumers well that's exactly
the point the way he's gone on about it
unilaterally simply imposing these
tariffs out of nowhere and then having
them of course retaliate what else are
they going to do and then destabilizing
the markets and all these things is
exactly the wrong way to do it
look the Europeans are just as upset
about China's trade practices we are
other developed countries are just as
upset about China's trade practices we
are they'd be happy to get together and
take shine on I would just correct
solely on one thing China actually used
to manipulate its currency
it isn't really manipulating its
currency what it manipulates is every
other aspect of its trade practices in
terms of keeping American companies from
having free access to Chinese markets
stealing our technology taking our
intellectual property they are all
issues we should be dealing with and
they have been doing this for 25 years
solely I remember us complaints saying
we're not going to I'm not going to
extend MFN to China for another year if
they don't stop stealing our
intellectual property and they just get
kept stealing our intellectual yeah well
that's fair enough but I'll correct
Stephens correction I didn't say they
manipulated your currency Steve and I
said that they pegged it to the US
dollar in a range so it can't free float
on the global market actually no when
the Chinese currency lockbox debate will
continue whether we're talking about
North Korea whether we're talking about
meetings with Vladimir Putin or whether
we're talking about trade disputes with
China that have literally gone a quarter
of his century would you would you agree
that most of our trading partners are
concerned how Donald Trump has just has
just stumbled into this trade war with
China I think there's a lot of anxiety
in the world about about all of the
elements of Donald Trump
a policy at at home and abroad he wants
to be a disrupter and destabilizer well
by golly he is and the world is
uncertain from day to day out thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
