all right welcome back everyone joining
us now from Washington DC with a look at
Axios am the co-founder of access Mike
Allen Mike good morning to you
waiting on darts this morning what's the
one big thing yeah our one big thing is
peak volatility in both markets and our
politics so this is part of an Axios
future trends issue that looks ahead to
the next quarter and what we found was
that President Trump is threatening war
with the economy with the national
defense and with law enforcement
establishment with robert muller so
we've been hearing this morning about
china escalating the trade war
responding faster than people might have
thought which is rattling the markets
even more you have the president
continuing to talk aggressively about
North Korea and if that summit that he's
been talking about with Kim jong-un
doesn't work out very few options left
and of course the president has
continued to talk privately about
whether or not he's willing for Muller
to go deep into the family finances the
so Mike why do you think that it's peak
volatility and now and does that mean
that it can't get worse or at the high
so far and what we're seeing both in the
markets and politics is a little bit of
a delayed reaction I think you and I a
year a couple months ago around the
inauguration would have predicted that
if you had all this volatility in public
life all this uncertainty coming out of
Pennsylvania Avenue that you would have
had the markets react and you would have
had less stability in the president's
approval rating in fact the markets kept
on their bull run and president Trump's
approval rating which is at a historic
low but has stayed stable with his
people
now we're suddenly starting to see
cracks and changes in that and all the
market forecasts are that this baked in
optimism may be evaporating quickly hey
Mike let me ask you really quickly about
some of the dynamics inside the White
House because I know that axis has some
reporting that Trump feels he actually
doesn't need anyone
to get the job done what is your team
hearing about this ya know the president
has increasing self certainty and what
we hear is in listening to those outside
advisers that you and I have talked
about lessening listening less and less
to experts inside and so with a
completely improvisational presidency
this adds to that volatility uncertainty
you've been reporting the president
wakes up in the morning watch TV and
decides what he's going to do makes it
so hard to forecast and makes people who
have been sort of worried but hopeful it
makes them more worried than hopeful
yeah it's probably no other example than
what we saw yesterday with Brett McGurk
and speaking about Syria right before
right before the president says he wants
to withdraw US troops from Syria you had
Brett McGurk saying the exact we're
gonna stay inside Syria for quite some
time of all the threats threats Mike
facing the president isn't excuse me his
administration right now which do you
think should be the most concerning to
the White House well people are most
concerned about the idea that the
president is acting on his own that the
checks and balances that you
traditionally have on a president aren't
applying and the president has
discovered what I think generation it's
of AIDS probably wished that they their
bosses didn't know and that was when
you're president you can kind of do what
you want you don't have to follow
recommendations you don't have to follow
processes and we have long history of
that happening but president Trump in
ways they're all only beginning to
appreciate is saying no like I won and
I'm gonna do what I feel like at this
moment all right Mike Allen for us live
in Washington DC this morning of course
we're gonna be reading Axios a.m. in
just a little while and to all of our
viewers out there you too can now sign
up for the newsletter by simply heading
to Axios dot-com hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
