probably nobody's been tougher to Russia
than Donald Trump
we've been very tough on Russia frankly
nobody has been tougher on Russia
nobody's been tougher on Russia than I
have and you can and I know you're
nodding yes because everyone agrees
there's nobody been tougher on Russia
remarkable the American president on the
subject of Russia today he made those
comments while in the company of the
leaders of Latvia Lithuania and Estonia
three countries bordering Russia wary
about their next-door neighbor they know
a thing or two about how the Kremlin
spreads its influence Trump now faces an
expanding investigation by the special
counsel and he's been criticized for
appearing to hosing up cozy up to the
Russian president
so his remarks today made in an effort
to reassure Baltic leaders of his
willingness to confront Russia may end
up raising more questions about what
exactly is US policy toward the Kremlin
here is how he responded to a question
about inviting the Russian leader to the
White House possible and this is
speaking with the Baltic States ideally
we want to be able to get along with
Russia
we're gonna find out whether or not we
do but if we could all get along that
would be great getting along with Russia
would be a good thing not a bad thing
and just about everybody agrees to that
except very stupid people then there was
this about his relationship with
Vladimir Putin
we'll find out I'll let you know I mean
it'll be a time when I'll let you know
you're gonna find out very quickly I
think I could have a very good
relationship with President Putin I
think it's possible I won't and you will
know about it believe me this room will
know about it before I know about it I
think I could have a very good
relationship with Russia and with
President Putin and if I did that would
be a great thing and there's also a
great possibility that that won't happen
who knows okay
the president's remarks came after the
White House hit Russia with sanctions
for election meddling in
cyberattacks and expelled Russian
diplomats in response to this poisoning
of a former Russian spy and his daughter
in England in broad daylight last month
today Vladimir Putin called for an
investigation into that poisoning and
demanded that Russia play a role in that
inquiry gotta love that Putin also cast
doubt on reports of Russia's involvement
in that attack while he is accusing the
West of launching an anti Russia
campaign Clint Watts a former FBI agent
and a friend of this broadcast has been
closely watching the evolution of
Putin's handling of Donald Trump today
Clint Watts wrote this in an op-ed for
the New York Times which we commend to
your attention quote in Trump and his
campaign mr. Putin spotted a golden
opportunity and easily ingratiated
celebrity motivated by fame and fortune
a foreign policy novice surrounded by
unscreened opportunists open to
manipulation and unaware of Russia's
long-run game of supervision subversion
forgive me for botching the last word
here with us to talk about his work
Clint Watts who wrote the piece we just
quoted a former FBI special agent member
of the Joint Terrorism Task Force
Vivian Salama also back with us our
national political reporter for NBC News
who was at the president's news
conference earlier today Clint I'll
begin with you especially since I
botched the last word
what you were I was watching you
watching the president what was that
dynamic we saw on display today why were
you smiling it's just two minutes of
nonsense I mean no one's been tough
right anybody that watched President
Reagan or President Bush after him would
have to say that that was a much tougher
stance on then Soviet Union now Russia
and and the other part about it which is
interesting is he's been slow on
sanctions he has tried to even divert
sanctions at different times he has
constantly avoided really confronting
Putin he's not brought up that chemical
attack that happened in the UK he went
old not to congratulate Putin he
congratulated Putin on the phone and
even here he was talking about we are
showing strength with our
military with our military with our
military he seems to be completely
unaware that Russia just launched the
most successful influence campaign an
information warfare attack on the United
States in our country's history and that
doesn't require any military he went
right around us to our internal politics
Putin went right around all of this
military strength and his sewed massive
chaos in our country and so when I hear
him talking it confirms kind of what I
wrote in the New York Times today which
is he is unaware exactly how this
strategy is working and how that
influence campaign is happening and we
just saw Putin right there as you talked
about it he turned right around and
blamed the United Kingdom ersity for
that nerve agent attack it's crazy
seemingly off-the-wall question actually
germane do you believe as many do that
Robert Muller has had a stack of Donald
Trump's tax returns on his desk for
months I don't know that he has him yet
but when we're looking at this and this
is what I was trying to point out in the
article is if you want to investigate
this case if he is compromised or he's
being Converse the way to do that is
through financial manipulation and to
understand that you have to be looking
at tax returns
vivianne Salama what was it like to be
there in the moment his statements today
ignored history we also heard that that
wanting to get a long yearning in his
voice that we've heard before that's
right he's repeated that multiple times
and the interesting thing is that yes
the administration has taken some
measures to show there their disapproval
of some of the Russia's actions in
recent years but the president has never
really come out and condemned Russia
directly or Putin directly with regard
especially to the 2016 elections and the
meddling of the elections he has
criticized Russian actions in Syria
he has taken actions in solidarity with
these chemical attack in in the UK
recently but really when it comes to
this major issue this national security
threat in the United States he has not
really taken a firm stance against
Russia in fact he's even at times
expressed skepticism that Russia was
solely to blame for
the meddling in the 2016 elections and
so that's really something that
especially it's just it's it's quite
startling to see that when he's standing
next to these three Baltic leaders where
their whole entire you know national
security existence right now like
revolves around this idea that Russia is
their border they share a border with
Russia and that threat is something
that's very real to them and they would
truly like to see the president coming
out and taking a stronger stance in
solidarity with European allies NATO
allies especially and so that was the
very interesting thing is that he sort
of tapped danced around the issue once
again standing next to those leaders and
that really makes a lot of our European
allies especially very nervous hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
