Alexandra vanderzwaan was find and since
today it's just 30 days in prison for
lying to federal investigators
specifically he lied about his contacts
with gates and a business associate with
ongoing ties to Russian Intel
intelligence agencies I'm joined now by
Kendall Indian intelligence a national
security reporter for NBC News and Jill
wine banks a former Watergate prosecutor
and W or XD MSNBC legal analyst well you
don't have much time here I want to go
to this first of all Ken it seems to me
when somebody gets thirty days in jail
they they were picked up for something
that like getting drunk somewhere or
they're being getting off easy for
something much worse what is it here
well you're right Chris you're right
Chris that he could have gotten up to
six months but really he's a first
offender and there's some argument that
in many cases if somebody like this
might not have been prosecuted at all
that the Muller team really played
hardball because he did come clean and
tell the truth before these charges were
filed they charged him anyway he's
getting the 30 days in jail and he's a
lawyer he's gonna lose his law license
presumably be disbarred what this really
underscores Chris is that you know these
people can take your freedom away they
are not playing and it's a message to
the hundreds of witnesses they are
summoning before them that you better
not lie to the special counsel Jill is
first prosecution it reminds me of
Watergate like everything was wrong for
Watergate in this case you start with
the the small fry if you will and you
work your way up punishing them along
the way perhaps it does and that is how
we operated you start building your case
by getting the people who can give you
someone higher up and in this case I
think vanish Ron was certainly a
peripheral character but it does show
that you cannot lie that they know a lot
more in the prosecutor's office than you
think they do and that you must tell the
truth that's a very strong message to
all future witnesses don't think you can
outsmart them you can end up in jail for
this Ken why do you think the president
keeps saying I'm tough on the Russians
when the question before the court is
has he been too nice to them yeah it's
it's a it's a conundrum Chris I mean his
administration has grown increasingly
tough on the Russians with some actions
of recent days nikki Haley at the UN has
been condemning the Russians but worse
still waiting for Donald Trump himself
to say a bad word about Vladimir Putin
and you know in addition to the election
interference
don't forget the Russians were involved
in an attack on a US base in Syria not
the Russian government for Russian
mercenaries and you know they're they're
they're allegedly involved in this
poisoning of a British citizen in the UK
that the Trump administration condemned
but I don't recall Donald Trump
specifically denouncing Vladimir Putin
over it and it's just really bizarre why
he can't bring himself to do that well
anyway Nicky how he has the makings
right now for real neocon to be anyway a
new court filing has revealed more
details about the broad scope of the
mower investigation it comes after
Trump's indicted former campaign
chairman Paul Manafort argued in court
that the case against him is outside the
bounds of the special counsels mandate
however the highly redacted memo drafted
last August shows that the Manafort
inquiry was specifically approved by
Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein
who told mower to investigate quote
allegations that Paul Manafort committed
a crime war crimes of by colluding with
Russian government officials as well as
crimes are rising out of payments he
received from the Ukrainian government
can let's go back to this they're
looking at collusion they're getting of
they're working on metaphor but not just
about his role in possible collusion or
probable collusion but they're also
going on after his business affairs
generally which means he is really
vulnerable this is very significant Cris
because some critics of the mana for
prosecution have argued look you know
money laundering tax evasion what does
that have to do with collusion with
Russia well now we have in black and
white from the Justice Department that
there are serious allegations that Paul
Manafort colluded and this could go to
the heart of the investigation now
obviously the Special Counsel has not
confirmed that to his satisfaction
otherwise we would see charges filed but
that is what is investigating that's why
you and I've talked about this a long
time I've long said you can't make the
collusion case until you have Paul Manta
forged testimony arguably and that's why
they're going so hard after him they
want him to flip their putting is all
the pressure in the world on him grace
well let me go to that Joe it it seems
to me if you stop a guy for speeding and
you find he's got drugs in this trunk
you can hit him for having drugs well we
all know that's the way it works that's
how police work but in this case they
got a bill
for collusion I don't think they're
going to get an impeachment even an
impeachment just an obstruction they
have to find an underlying crime that
Americans under Trump's watch his people
did something like that's just Mike this
on your conclusion can you see something
coming out of this if they can't show
Trump collusion with the Russians I
think if you're talking about Trump's
base yes you need to show some sort of
conspiracy working with the Russians I
think for the majority of Americans for
the 70% of people you do not and keep in
mind in Watergate there was no
underlying crime that the president was
involved in obstruction to the Watergate
creep did it that is true I still think
that it's enough to have a real ongoing
obstruction of justice by the president
and his aides who are deliberately
trying to stop the investigation they
know there's something there or they
wouldn't be doing it they know there's
someone guilty involved in a conspiracy
with Russia the Russians know something
or have something and that's why they're
trying to stop the investigation and we
have to let the investigation go forward
to find out the answer to that let me go
to Ken on that question do you think
they have to show that the Trump's
people did something we didn't know
about it we know he fired Comey we know
he tried to protect Flynn we know all
that
is that enough to impeach him that's a
political question Chris and I think it
depends on who controls the House of
Representatives right but I mean clearly
the obstruction case looms large and
that's been that front has been pretty
quiet there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
