almost exactly two years after the 2016
presidential election Donald Trump's
most ardent fans still like to break out
into raucous chants of lock her up as
they did Tuesday night in Mississippi
it's a chant you'll remember that
originated as a call to jail Trump's
political opponent even though the FBI
declined to prosecute her after a long
investigation and were not so calling it
would be darkly comedic that in the very
same rally where Trump is chanted lock
her up the president defended the
principle of the presumption of
innocence guilty until proven innocent
that's very dangerous for our country
that's very dangerous for our country
all right so let's talk about the
presumption of innocence and the
consequences of allegations of
wrongdoing for the most powerful man in
the world the president has been accused
by at least 15 women on the record of
unwanted sexual contact all of which he
says are false he faced no legal or
criminal liability for it whatsoever
just two days ago he was accused in a
detailed documented investigation by the
New York Times of participating in
decades of what they said was outright
fraud in evading taxes while receiving
the equivalent of at least 413 million
dollars from his father's real estate
empire and he has faced neither legal
nor criminal consequences which is
really par for the course thanks in part
to the repeated slashing of the IRS
budget since the Gingrich era tax fraud
and money hiding regularly go unpunished
it takes a special case to face
prosecution just ask Paul Manafort who
surely would have gotten away with his
own flagrant crimes had he not found
himself in Robert Muller sites and it's
not just the president who has skated
past accountability in the Trump White
House his former staff secretary Rob
Porter was accused of abuse by two
separate X wise including one who
provided this photo of a black eye
she says he gave her yet even after
those abuse claims which Porter denies
were brought to the attention of the
White House Porter was allowed to
continue in his job at the White House
handling the most sensitive documents in
the nation he only lost his job after it
all became public and he has faced no
other consequences and then there's
Brett Kavanaugh who has been accused by
Christine Blasi for under
of sexual assault which he denies dr.
Blasi Ford has been described as
credible by Republican senators and even
the President himself while many of
Cavanaugh's former classmates say he
blatantly lied under oath in playing
down his youthful drinking and
explaining away his adolescent inside
jokes but Cavanaugh hasn't faced any
legal or criminal consequences either in
fact he is now poised to get a lifetime
appointment to the Supreme Court and
that speaks to the difference between
how the presumption of innocence works
for people like Trump and Kavanagh and
the lived reality of millions of
Americans every single day thousands
upon thousands of our fellow citizens
are rung through America's Criminal
Courts they are disproportionately
poorer non-white and the presumption of
their guilt is the basic operating
principle that keeps the whole system
running in guilty plea after guilty plea
after guilty plea right now as I speak
to you there are hundreds of thousands
of Americans in jail simply because they
cannot afford to pay their bail they are
presumed innocent by the law and
Constitution and locked in cages
nonetheless kalief Browder was one of
them he spent three years in Rikers
because he was accused of stealing a
backpack at the age of 16 while inside
he was beaten by a guard attacked by
fellow inmates and put in solitary
confinement for two years when he got
out he killed himself
judge Kavanagh has suggested the
accusation that he is facing has
destroyed his life and I would urge him
to talk to Browder's relatives and
Browder's loved ones about what that
phrase really means for most of human
history the law has largely functioned
as another means to protect those in
power and punish those without and if
there's a single shining principle of
this nation worth fighting every last
inch for it is the words above the
Supreme Court equal justice under law
that phrase represents a repudiation of
the banal tyranny under which humans
have struggled for most of our lives on
the planet it may not be a reality but
it should be the North's tour towards
which we still struggle and if there is
a single principle that Donald Trump
stands for made
Manifest time and again in his attacks
on rubber mower his dismissal of
accounts of his wrongdoing and his
defenses of other powerful men it is the
principle of power over law the idea
that the law is for the little people
for the wrongly accused Central Park
five who he called to have executed and
the Khalif router's and the Central
American Mother's risking life and limb
to bring their children out of harm's
way they get the law he and his friends
they get due process and the presumption
of innocence next week Brett Kavanaugh
may well go to start his powerful new
job and walk up those steps the Supreme
Court under the words equal justice
under law and I wonder if he will know
somewhere deep down that the man who
appointed him and the political
coalition to which he owes his job have
turned that phrase into just another hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
