we're following breaking news in
California where police have confirmed
an active shooting at the YouTube
headquarters in San Bruno California
NBC's Joe fryer joins us now Joe what do
you understand to be the situation at
this hour when the calls still not much
is confirmed at this point we know that
pyth Ortiz have confirmed there was a
call for an active shooter at this time
anything beyond that has not been
confirmed but some employees have taken
to social media to talk about the fact
that they've either heard running or
they've heard gunshots within the
building and then people running after
that police in this is in San Bruno this
is where YouTube had a employee place is
located in San Bruno it's south of San
Francisco it's maybe about four miles or
so away from SFO San Francisco
International Airport San Bruno police
put out a note saying that there is
police activity there urging people to
stay away from that area the Sheriff's
Department has confirmed they're
responding to calls of an active shooter
clearly a lot is going on right now but
as far as what's happening inside we
don't have detailed confirmed
information about that at this point
Nicole and I know we're not gonna report
anything until we've been able to
corroborate it but this is the heart of
Silicon Valley this is one of the main
players in the worldwide social media
world are there accounts that exist on
social media that we simply can't talk
about yet because they're not confirmed
right at this point nothing is really
confirmed by authorities what we do know
is we've seen a few employees who say
they are inside the building have come
out one basically saying that they heard
a lot of running at first thought it was
an earthquake because there was rumbling
from the people running another person
says they did hear gunshots and ever
since then they've been barricaded
inside their workplace waiting for the
all-clear we have seen some images from
people who are outside of YouTube the
businesses are building surrounding it
saying they too are on lockdown as a
precaution and we have seen at least one
image some video coming from people some
people who are coming out of the YouTube
building with their hands up it's a
sight we've seen many times over the
last few years especially at schools but
again none of that is officially
confirmed right now but obviously there
is a lot of police activity happening
around this building it's on Cherry
Street in San Bruno just south of San
Francisco Nicole
and near the heart of Silicon Valley
please jump right back on our era with
any new details you learn well we'll
keep an open line with you and to you
and please jump right back on with any
updates obviously we hope for everyone's
safety and sadly this is America in 2018
thank you so much
