and the White House today is sending the
strongest possible signal of support to
embattled EPA Administrator Scott Pruett
telling NBC News that the president
called Pruett to say we've got your back
and that was reinforced in a separate
call today by John Kelly this despite
the controversy over Pruitt's travel and
his cut-rate rental from a friend whose
husband is an energy lobbyist with
business in front of the EPA joining me
now is Corey Lewandowski former Trump
campaign manager now chief strategist
for America first action super PAC but
Trump super PAC welcome thank you very
much Corey it's great to have you on the
program from New Hampshire
we know that backdrop my pleasure first
of all how was the Easter Egg Roll I
know you were there with your family
this weekend and yesterday well it was
such a special thing to have the
opportunity to see the president there
his family came out mrs. Trump was
reading to the children it was a little
chilly in Washington yesterday but my
kids had a great time and my
seven-year-old was convinced he won the
Easter Egg Roll because he hid the egg
across with one try he probably did then
so what do you think of all of the
cabinet issues and the challenges that
the president has had clearly in some of
the ethical problems for the for you
know Ben Carson's got Pruett
now the ouster of David Chokin it's a
year in some months in and they're still
not settled yeah I think what we've seen
and what I believe Gerald Kelly has said
the chief of staff is that he's waiting
for the IG reports that come out from a
number of these respective agencies and
we've seen that the president wasn't
happy with the VA administrator so he
has been removed and now we've got an
admiral going in to take over that if he
is confirmed by the Senate but the
investor the IG reports that are being
looked at by not just the EPA but also
HUD and others are going to be a
telltale sign and these are
investigative opportunities that fall
outside the world of the political
sphere and are going to present the
administration a true and full
understanding of or any laws broken was
there anything that was inappropriate
and what we have seen in the case of
administrator Pruitt was the career
individuals who work at the EPA signed
off on him
Banting that room and there's there's no
talk about that but he had permission
from the career individuals at the EPA
before this ever took place that said
let me show you share with you with
Chris Christie who initially had led the
transition had to say on ABC this week
this was a brutally unprofessional
transition this was a transition that
didn't vet people for these type of
judgement issues which I think could
have been seen very easily in a lot of
these people and the president's been
ill served by this and if mr. Pruitt's
gonna go it's because he should have
never been desi ourselves listen I don't
know how you survive this one and if he
has to go or if he has to go it's he
because he never should have been there
in the first ado yet today Scott Pruett
announcing the relaxation of Auto
emission rules he's doing what the
president wants and the president says
he's going to stay he's sticking with
his man he's doing exactly what the
president wants on in terms of
regulations well I think that's right
and you know we've seen the EPA here
actually functioning the way that it's
supposed to have been over the course of
a number of years which is reducing a
punitive actions against individuals and
farmers and businesses that are trying
to do what they're supposed to be doing
and so the policy side of what
administrator Pruitt is doing falls
directly in line with what this
president pledged on the campaign and
he's very happy with that
and as it relates to an IG report we're
gonna wait and see what that IG
investigation turns up and we have to
remember that when it's a political
decision the the president is always
chastised for the political side of it
but when it's career government
officials making determinations that are
saying what administrator Pruitt did was
perfectly legal and in the bounds
because he went to them first we have to
allow that system to take place and wait
for the IG report to come out what about
the habit of letting people know that
they are fired on Twitter it's happened
now with tillers and it happened with
Shokan they've gotten a heads up to
watch the president's tweets from John
Kelly but the actual firing took place
on Twitter the announcement of the
firing well I do believe that in the
case of the VA secretary he had a
conversation with the chief of staff
prior to it going out I believe as a
related to Rex Tillerson it's also
reported that general Kelly had a
conversation with Secretary Tillerson
asked him to return from his overseas
trip early because they knew that this
was in the works and I don't think in
either of those cases this was a
surprise to either of the individuals
they both knew that there were some
significant problems with the agencies
that they were running Rex Tillerson has
been very forward facing as it related
to his disagreements with the present
and you need our top diplomat on the
same team and what you have now with
director Pompeo of the CIA who's been
nominated to take over the State
Department is a person who has the same
philosophy as the president and is on
their page that's going to be very
important to restoring the morale at
Foggy Bottom don't you think that
Pompeyo and also John Bowden and the NSC
are more hawkish on Russia than is the
president well I think both of them are
individuals that the president has
complete trust in and if you look at
John Bolton if you look at Larry Kudlow
who's now in the building you have
contemporaries of the president who have
had the opportunity to know the
president for a significant period of
time first in the private sector then
during the transition as the
president-elect and now is the president
and they have an opportunity where some
didn't before because they didn't have
those relationships to tell the
president what they believe the
president wants input from all sides but
at the end of the day he's the
individuals gonna make the final
decision and when it comes to action
against Russia we saw this president act
very swiftly last week when they
expelled 60 Russian diplomats in the
United States for potential violations
up in the northwest part of the country
why would he have suggested to to
Vladimir Putin two weeks ago exactly two
weeks ago today that they get together
and even possibly get together at the
White House the Kremlin then announces
that before the White House can and it's
blindsided a number of national security
officials and it seems to be rewarding
Putin for something that he doesn't
deserve well I don't think it's
rewarding Putin and you have to remember
you know they're they're still a
superpower and we rely on a relationship
with them to continue to put a
stranglehold on North Korea through
economic sanctions we rely on them to
make sure that we're working together
for the defeat of Isis in Syria we had
there are opportunities for us to work
with Russia now we have to be extremely
cautious but what we have to make sure
we do is that where there are
opportunities to work together
and specifically the denuclearization of
the North Korea is so important for us
we can't achieve that without the help
of Russia and in some instances China
here so we have to work with those
individuals to make sure that we have
opportunities to denuclearize North
Korea does that mean Vladimir Putin will
be coming to Washington we don't know
but we have to make sure that we can
work with those entities for the
betterment of the world which is a
denuclearizing North Korea then you've
got such good political radar having run
the campaign and and being involved in
politics for so long with Donald Trump
should he consider pardons for people
like Manta Ford and Flynn how how much
of a political firestorm would that
cause okay I don't think he should I
think the the issues that Paul Manafort
currently faces are from 10 or 12 years
ago long before he ever joined the Trump
campaign for that brief period of time
and he should be held accountable if he
didn't follow the rules that he was
supposed to follow and there's there's a
number of charges against mr. manna Ford
and his colleagues for what they did
long before they ever came to the Trump
campaign as it relates to mr. Flinn you
know general Flint has to understand and
what it looks like his Gerald Flint had
a conversation with former deputy
director Andrew McCabe who has now since
been fired which is amazing because now
we see in Congress that individuals from
Congress are saying that mr. mchabe has
lied to the FBI on four separate
occasion if that's the case then mr.
McCabe needs to be held to the same
standard as everybody else which lying
to the FBI is a felony and we need to
open an investigation to see if charges
should be right against him as well well
it just does seem from a filing as
recently as last night that a mana Ford
is being looked into for things that did
occur while he was with the campaign
some a lot more recently than that but
we'll find out obviously as this
investigation continues anyway Corey
good to see you thank you very much for
being with us today and hope to see you
again soon my pleasure
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
