all right let's take a look at everyone
who has swept up in the robert muller
investigation so far this is a attorney
this is the guy we're talking about
right now
alexander vanderzwaan he's just the
first sentencing in the special counsels
probe the special counsel has also
secured four other
guilty pleas george papadapolis the
former Trump campaign energy advisor
pleaded guilty back in October a
Republican authored memo from the House
Intelligence Committee confirmed and
they don't want to confirm anything if
you recall that Papadopoulos triggered
the counterintelligence investigation
into the campaign remember him Michael
Flynn he's the former national security
adviser he pleaded guilty in December
and remains the highest profile
cooperating witness in the Muller probe
Rick gates he's a former campaign aide
and frequent White House visitor Gates
was a constant partner and protege to
former Trump campaign manager Paul
Manafort and Richard pinedo the
California man pleaded guilty to selling
bank account numbers and stolen American
identities to the Russians during the
2016 campaign okay these are the
cooperating and guilty people all right
there are more cooperating witnesses Sam
nuttin Berg the former Trump campaign
aide and Roger stone the he was a Roger
stone associate who stirred up drama
with a slew of cable news appearances
last month you'll remember those nunberg
initially said he would not work with
the special counsel but ended up
testifying anyway George Nader he's an
advisor to the United Arab Emirates
leadership he allegedly facilitated a
meeting between Erik Prince possibly
acting as an unofficial trump surrogate
and Russian contacts now to those who
were charged but not pleading guilty
Paul Manafort he's opted to go to trial
rather than plead guilty man afford is
charged with among other things
conspiracy against the United States and
money laundering he's sued to get the
charges thrown out
both in Washington DC and Virginia
courts there are also 13 Russian
individuals and entities the most
symbolic portion of the Muller probe was
the charging of these Russian businesses
and oligarchs they will likely never
face trial but the charges stand as a
statement point by the special counsel a
serious statement all right while those
Russians they're not going to face trial
anytime soon we know who will Paul man
of
he chose to fight and his trial is set
to begin on September 17th which happens
to be the 230 first anniversary of the
US Constitution ahead of that court date
mana Ford is suing to get the charges
against him tossed he alleges the
special counsel overstepped his
authority when looking into mana Ford's
work with the Ukrainian political party
a party backed by Russia late last night
Muller's team filed a response to mana
for its motion to dismiss in it mallesh
teams cited an August 2017 classified
memo in which Deputy Attorney General
rod Rosenstein told Muller he should I
would say that again he should
investigate mana forts dealing with the
Ukraine's alright craniums to dig into
this we want to bring in former
assistant US attorney for the Southern
District of New York Mimi Roca
what are your insights into this
investigation right now there's a lot
going on right now and you know Muller
is doing this dance he on the one hand
he has these court filings and deadlines
he needs to make but his goal right now
one of his goals is to keep as much
information under wraps as possible he
doesn't want all the stuff getting out
but as you can see because he has to
respond in court some things more and
more are starting to trickle out and I
think that's gonna happen more and more
should he be dancing or on some level is
this a race against the clock I mean
President Trump he would certainly like
to have mother out right but Muller is
going look these are trained
investigators and prosecutors they're
not going to let that affect how they
conduct this investigation I really
really believe that they're gonna do
their job the way they would always do
it which is incredibly thoroughly
detail-oriented and if something happens
politically you know if Trump decides to
do something those consequences will be
dealt with however what they are focused
on Ali couldn't answer the question
maybe you can what's the deal with
vanderzwaan he he knows he's a he's a
Skadden Arps lawyer he knows the kind of
trouble he can get into lying to
investigators and his defense was he
lied because he didn't want his bosses
to find out I don't get it so a couple
of things about vanderzwaan
first of all just because he said that's
why he lied
doesn't mean that was actually his
motivation he's not required to give a
truthful explanation for why he lied it
may have been part of why he lied but it
may not be the whole story and one thing
I think is interesting with respect to
vanderzwaan is we know from his plea
agreement there is a clause in there
actually last night late at night the
government the Special Counsel also
filed something saying that they didn't
want vanderzwaan
to be able to make a FOIA request why is
that no this is a freedom of information
exactly and they don't want him to why
because they said in their motion
vanderzwaan
knows more than the public knows why
does he know more than the public knows
because his conduct probably is involved
in the bigger picture here of what was
going on with manna fort engaged why
should you less intelligence because
he's giving them so much information pop
look I first of all you know it's still
a jail sentence that they're asking for
second of all he is facing deportation
as far as I understand it because he is
not a US citizen that's a pretty severe
consequence even if you know he's going
back to a nice country it's still
leaving his home leaving his life also
again this goes back to the pressures
that Muller and his team are dealing
with from the court the the charge
against vanderzwaan had to be dealt with
in some way so they had to plead him out
to something in part to put it to the
side they're focused on the bigger
picture here so Vander's wants conduct
we may learn more about that in the time
to come when we learn more about manna
fort and gates and with respect to manna
fort again that order that came out that
they've now put out there to respond to
manna forts motion what's important
there is not only that they knew in
August or that they were authorized in
August to look specifically at mana
forts ties to Russian intelligence
what's also important is what's still
redacted there because guess what what's
still redacted there is probably other
individuals that they would specifically
authorize to look at and it's not any of
the ones we know about because otherwise
it wouldn't have to be redacted still my
head is spinning you know I like asking
you questions all day but she has better
answers
you've got significantly better answer
right I don't take you know I mean you
know has to have their head spinning
watching all this Jared Kushner Jared
Kirchner knowing the hot seat that he's
in watching but vanderzwaan is going
through and Nana's Ron is small potatoes
compared to Jared yeah yeah look I think
it must make a lot of people nervous
what's going on because Muller is you
know so as I said deliberate meticulous
mm-hm and there is a method to the
madness I know everyone wants to know
all the facts but there's a reason why
they're trickling out hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
