well the judge the judges just
pronounced sentenced for Alex
vanderzwaan for lying to the special
counsel he's going to have to serve 30
days in prison and pay a twenty thousand
dollar fine now to put this in
perspective the maximum sentence for
lying to the government is five years in
prison but under the sentencing
guidelines which advise judges he could
have served zero to six months his
lawyer said he should just get probation
so he can go back to London and attend
to his wife who's having a difficult
pregnancy and is expected to give birth
in August but the government suggested
that he should have to serve some time
what judge Amy Berman Jackson said as he
stood before her he said he came here
knowing what the special counsel was
interested in he'd been practicing law
in London he's a lawyer himself he was
represented by counsel but he lied he
knew how important the special counsels
investigation was he knew what he said
was false and he said this is not
something that happened the judge said
this is not something that happened to
him this is something that he did he put
his personal interests ahead of the
interests of justice and the judge also
said that the sentence has to reflect a
fairness a proportionality so that
there's no great disparity between the
kind of sentences that people in
white-collar crimes get so she said I
can't just let him go with probation and
she did say two other things that I
thought were interesting she said that
he didn't seem to show a lot of remorse
that while letters were sent to the
judge about what a fine person he is
from his mother from his father from
members of his family he himself
vanderzwaan himself did not sign such a
letter she seemed to think that was
important too reflected a lack of
remorse and secondly she said you know
one of the problems here is normally I
might sentence somebody in a
white-collar crime like this to
community service but if he goes back to
London he's outside of my jurisdiction I
can't make him sure he does that he's
been here since November I'm surprised
she said that given all the lawyers he
has he hasn't volunteered to do some
community service right
so the bottom line is 30 days in prison
a twenty thousand dollar fine now there
is a little sticky point here after he
serves his sentence he's going to be
probably picked up by ice and going into
deportation proceedings there seemed to
be some question about how long that's
going to take but in any event it seems
clear that he'll be able to get back to
London by the time his child is born in
August here's what I don't understand if
the defense is he was putting his
personal interests first
wouldn't his personal interests to be a
vote to avoid going to jail and not
lying to the store like fine or fires me
I'll take getting fired rather than
going to jail well what is what his
defense was early on is that he got
nervous and lied covered up these
conversations that he had with gates and
a person in Ukraine about their work for
the Ukrainian government and a report
that his law firm wrote about the the
the previous president of Ukraine that
he wanted to didn't want the law firm to
know that he'd been communicating with
them in ways that the law firm didn't
want him to do and and he got nervous
when he was interviewed by the special
counsel and that's why he lied but the
judge said he put his personal interests
ahead of the interests of the firm and
ahead of the interests of the government
and trying to get to the bottom of this
ally did you buy that a nervous guy a
Skadden Arps lawyer who's the son-in-law
it is as the first conviction in the
Muller probe it is significant however
clearly the resentencing the first
sensei I'm sorry you're right the 30
days and the 20,000 what what message
does it send does it send that if you
cooperate we'll give you a lighter
sentence or does it send the message
that we're serious these people are
going to do jail time how do you
interpret that well it's the latter
really I mean that was the that's the
whole point of this prosecution unlike
in the metaphor case gates
flin some of the other convictions here
Papadopoulos those convictions were
intended to get somebody's cooperation
there's no cooperation agreement here
doesn't seem that he has anything to
tell the special counsel that they don't
already know so this was a purely if
you'll if you'll pardon the expression a
punitive sentence and a punitive
prosecution to send the message that you
can't lie to the special counsel right
and the judge in fact said that's one of
the reasons for the sentence
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
