welcome back time for money power
politics and a topic you know I care a
lot about it appears me to movement has
finally hit Wall Street one of the
largest investment banks in the nation
faces a class-action lawsuit
a judge has cleared the way for 2,300
women to proceed with the suit claiming
Goldman Sachs systematically paid female
employees less and Morgan Stanley also
on defense after accusations the company
ignored allegations against one of its
star financial advisors joining me now
to political and economic columnist Jake
Novak so first of all Goldman Sachs we
just heard from their new head David
Solomon he's gonna make a move 50% of
our employees will be women they might
be women but what are those women going
to get paid I spent 14 of my life on
Wall Street compensation on Wall Street
could not be more private and there are
loads of harassment issues but they are
tied up with NDA's closed-door
arbitrations you never see them see the
light of day it is a moment when is it
going to change you know what you just
described is exactly why Wall Street has
been somewhat indentified from the me to
wave it looked like it might sweep Wall
Street a little few months ago and then
it stopped it you just described exactly
the problem they have a fantastic for
their sake arbitration infrastructure
that protects them from things but you
mentioned the goldman sachs ruling
yesterday and the judge in that case
really leaned very heavily on that rare
piece of data that did publicize for the
first time in some cases the pay gaps
vice-presidents of goldman sachs
according to the plaintiffs data it was
21 percent lower for women compared to
men associates 8 percent lower for women
compared to men and she really leaned on
that in this decision to move this case
along and this is what I need you to
explain to our audience that's different
this is not about women not getting the
biggest jobs this is about men and women
with the same titles getting paid
different amounts of money because
Goldman Sachs will not be able to
explain that and look your it straight
in the eye
yeah I mean that and that's why there
are some legal scholars think this may
be this might get settled now they were
gonna this decision by the judge didn't
come quickly this eight years this case
has been running through the courts they
finally had this class-action
designation the other day on Good Friday
and
to move things along I think because of
what you just said it's so rare to get
this kind of fact out into the public
eye it's gonna make it really hard for
them to if it happens at Goldman are we
going to see it happen to the rest of
the street because Goldman is not the
outlier they all do it right it's really
unfair to single out Goldman I think
that's another point that I've made
today as well there's no one I think
who's serious of things this is just
Goldman this has to be a systemic
financial sector issue okay let's talk
about this morgan stanley issue you've
got four different women didn't just say
they were harassed who sought police
protection against one specific morgan
stanley financial advisor douglas
greenberg over the last 15 years one
woman said she was choked another said
he threatened her to death we reach out
to morgan stanley for a comment and his
spokeswoman said this mr. greenberg has
been placed on administrative leave
pending further review of the situation
here's what I don't get pending further
review the situation this has been going
on for 15 years and the police were
involved how's this guy sold the company
can't just be hit at his head that's on
the line it has to be people above him
and not only that again and one of the
things that another so we talk about the
fact that they have these great
arbitration rules
another thing that indentifies wall
street is like look look you were in the
financial industry for a long time you
know the the household names for people
in the financial news but for the rest
of the country even pretty well-educated
people follow the news they've never
heard of Douglas Greenberg they may not
even know who the CEO of Morgan Stanley
is now compare that to the James Franco
or senator Al Franken or other big stars
I mean even a Garrison Keillor those are
much bigger names as a Wall Street no
matter how many billions you make
there's a good chance middle America
doesn't know who you are and that really
helps them so that's why I have to give
I don't say this often I give the New
York Times credit and other in the other
media credit for put singling out this
guy's name because me too is never going
to sweep up Wall Street like perhaps it
should until individual bad actors like
this get in their names and their
pictures in the paper he might not be a
movie star actor but he certainly is a
bad one for different women threatened
their life come on now time to step it
up hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
