we're back I'm Stephanie ruhle and I'm
begging you to pay attention to this
more than 50 schools in Oklahoma and
Kentucky are closed for a second
straight day as teachers remain defiant
demanding more pay and basic classroom
resources the teacher walkout the latest
in a series of protests that have also
included West Virginia and Arizona my
colleague Mariana attentio is in
Oklahoma City where protesters are
expected to gather in about 20 minutes
Mariana walk us through this because the
governor approved raises last week and
says the budget is tight talk us through
any movement because someone from the
outside could say well these teachers
just got raises but this is making up
for years and years of budget cuts
a decade of budget cuts Stephanie and it
seems like neither side is really moving
yesterday you have the governor putting
out a statement we're only able to do
what our budget allows today growing
frustration among educators hundreds of
men who've started to gather here inside
the Oklahoma State Capitol the focus
we're told today it's going to be inside
with tables like these bulging educators
to find their legislators to pressure
them into hearing their demands because
teachers are telling us that that
revenue bill that was passed last week
it is quite simply not enough I want to
speak to Sally over here you teach first
grade can you tell us about any sort of
movement where you left with with any
hope any meetings with legislators
yesterday I did finally contact one of
my legislators and I have a five minute
meeting with him tomorrow to have a
dialogue which is going to be
interesting because five minutes just I
don't think is enough time to discuss
the dire problems we have here in this
state with funding and I left feeling
disheartened yesterday I guess I was
actually at the House of Representatives
session yesterday representative Inman
brought it up twice trying to talk about
it because we were we weren't on the
docket yesterday for their formal
schedule and he was shut down every time
another representative repeted so Nast
to not adjourn and to address because
the teachers just want to know we're
here like talk to us let us know he was
shut down as well so and Sally Tiffany
is referring to Democratic legislators
who tried to bring up a package that
would have brought a hundred million
dollars in additional funding that
wasn't even brought up for discussion
according to her and the OEA Sally I
want to ask you how long will you keep
this going you're out here for a second
day in a row there's hundreds of people
around you what will happen I'm from a
very supportive district and our
superintendent in our Board of Education
our parents are they have our backs and
we're out tomorrow as well it's already
been announced in my school district I'm
just gonna follow the lead of my leaders
of OE
and when we get what's right for the
kids we'll go back I don't want to be
away from my students I mean I've done
this for 15 years I don't want to leave
them alone thank you so much Sally
educators telling us Stephanie it took
historic cuts to bring them here and
it's gonna take your story funding to
make Oklahoma schools be up to par with
the rest of the country
Stephanie Oklahoma schools it's not just
Oklahoma this is happening in a number
of states thanks Mariana I wanna bring
my panel back heady and at least Eddie
to you first it's not just teachers
walking out there standing with parents
and kids this is about the whole
education system breaking down is this a
tipping point I think so and you know
budgets reflect what we care about what
we value and over a 10 / 10 year period
over a decade what we see is that
Republicans and Democrats or state
legislatures across the country have
proven that they value folks who are
rich the top 1% the top 10% we want to
give them tax cuts over our children you
can't possibly say that you care about
income inequality if you're cutting
school budgets absolutely absolutely no
when you look at how teacher salaries
haven't increased with the pace of
inflation with the pace of cost of
living from 2010 to 2016 only 12 states
actually raised their salaries and it
previously was that college graduates
they only made about 2% more than
teachers back in 94 q2 2015 and the
difference is about 17% so they really
aren't on pace with other similarly
educated professionals so you combine
that fact with with the escalating
student loan debt the fact that these
folks are coming up you're worried about
the subprime crisis guess what's coming
next student debt right so these
teachers are having to work two and
three jobs having to be uber drivers or
light drivers and and teach our kids
right it makes no sense all the while
you have a particular ideology designed
to star state government to redistribute
source of resources to folks who already
have money and our kids aren't getting
educated period but I think this is
really interesting we can't read this
ideologically we can't read this as just
simply unions have suddenly returned
right
of unions this is not just simply the
traditional kinds of strikes we saw back
in the 80s and the 70s this is another
sign of a kind of political realignment
read this moment in Oklahoma and in
Kentucky in West Virginia alongside what
the kids are doing in Parkland what
folks are doing with it being futile we
can talk about it they can protest but
to that teachers point their agenda
wasn't even on the docket yesterday they
couldn't the government leaders who
wanted to talk about it got shut down I
do by the way Betsy DeVos I can't find
what she's led yet do you know what she
said means you don't want to know you
don't want to know but the what I think
is interesting about the moment in terms
of activism is the relationship between
the protests surrounding what happened
in parkland the massacre at Parkland in
parkland and then now the teachers
protesting their pay and they're
protesting the resources that they're
given given for these schools you look
at the pictures of some of the textbooks
that are still usually these states on
them and it just it's you cannot believe
that this is 2018 America and so there's
so much energy around both of these
movements and the activism and the
agency of these high school students too
and their parents who are coming out to
support them combined with the activism
that's in Sacramento combined with the
activism of Chicago there's a political
realignment happened what will be that
the payoff what will be the cash payoff
photo quote I don't know how it will
cash out but I do know politicians who
are in state houses and in DC they need
to be shaking in their damn boots
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
