I want to thank the White House
Historical Association and all of the
people that worked so hard with melania
with everybody to keep this incredible
house or building or whatever you want
to call it because there really is no
name for it it is special and we keep it
in tip-top shape we call it sometimes
tippy top shape and it's a great great
place well the markets are feeling a
little less tippy top shedding hundreds
of points on the president's trade war
and repeated attacks against Amazon then
there's his authoritarian trifecta
yesterday backing Sinclair propaganda
going after the quote-unquote he rights
justice department and congratulating
another strongman leader after a
democratic election most people don't
think was terribly democratic welcome to
morning Joe it's Tuesday April 3rd mica
is off for a family matter Joe will be
with us in just a moment with us here
we've got national affairs analyst for
NBC News and MSNBC John Heilemann
Republican strategist and political
commentator Susan Dell / CEO and the
president of the Council on Foreign
Relations and author of the book a world
in disarray Richard Haass so markets
overseas are seeing losses this morning
following the latest massive sell-off on
Wall Street to kick off the new quarter
the Dow fell as many as 700 58 points
yesterday before trimming its losses to
close down 458 the Nasdaq was the
hardest hit shedding nearly 3% futures
looking slightly like they're up this
morning stock suffered heavy losses on
the combination of fears of a trade war
and the tech industry getting hit with
new regulations China announced
yesterday it had implemented tariffs on
128 types of US imports in response to
president Trump's tariffs on imported
steel and aluminum those coming last
month meanwhile shares of Amazon
hammered yesterday as president Trump
continued his attacks on Twitter against
the massive online retailer the
president tweeted quote Only Fools are
worse are saying that our money losing
post office makes money with Amazon they
lose a fortune and this will be changed
also our fully taxpaying retailers are
closing stores all over the country
not a level playing field he wrote but
as we told you yesterday while the post
office is losing a fortune
the president's wrong to blame Amazon
for that federal regulators have found
the Postal Service's contract to deliver
some Amazon orders has been profitable
for the post office post office losses
is mostly due to pension and health care
costs and not its deal to deliver
packages for the internet retailer so
Joe good morning there's a ton in there
the president from the moment I went off
the air yesterday just went on a Twitter
rampage and covered a lot of ground
peppering in a lot of false information
along the way yeah he went on a tirade
and and peppered in false information
and Willy will how ironic that this is
what the president does after praising
sinclair's leaders for sending out
basically fake new scripts and forcing
people just like Pravda did back in the
old days of the Soviet Union to read
those scripts or be fired but I mean
what I think what we saw yesterday John
hilum is is that there is a cost if not
for the president even though there are
polls that suggest there is a cost for
the president doing this but there is a
cost actually for the rest of Americans
ought of autocratic impulses do not
align with free markets do not align
with constitutional republics like our
own and you saw billions of dollars
wiped out yesterday for retirees for
people that are investing in retirements
for people that have college funds all
because the president decided to tweet
against a man who owns the Washington
Post and it's the markets have dropped
about 4% this year and they've dropped
not because of any fundamental changes
in the economy or our economic
conditions but because of the
president's own erratic behavior on
Twitter and on tariffs yeah and I think
Joe I mean certainly the look there
there are two different pieces of this
and I'm happy to get a lot of playing to
Donald Trump you got a couple things
going on I think that provide a little
bit more of the larger picture one of
which is that for the markets they spent
a lot of 2017 being willing to absorb
the volatility that Donald Trump brings
to our political system in our economic
system because they expected there was
going to be this great payoff with
corporate tax cuts at the end of the
year and now they're looking down the
road with nothing to kind of cushion the
blow there's no economic relief further
insight if there was some chance there
was be going to be a giant
infrastructure project a bill that might
change things but nobody really believes
that's going to happen and so the
markets now it's like Trump alone and
his actions standing kind of stark
relief against that against that
backdrop and then you do have a few
things that aren't about the
fundamentals of the economy but go to
the tech sector more broadly having
gotten itself in a whole bunch of
trouble some of that related to some
activity back in 2016 2015 led by
Facebook but broke more broadly you've
got this sense that Democrats and
Republicans alike or are more likely to
potentially regulate companies like
Twitter companies like Facebook as well
as Google and then the leaders in the
tech sector so you know you put all that
together it's it's a pretty nasty stew
yeah it really is and Richard Haass all
politics is local is Tip O'Neill like to
say remember back in the early 1980s
when some old-time neo cons were
attacking Ronald Reagan and 81 and 82
when he talked about importing grain
from the Soviet Union but he wanted to
do it because it would help Midwest
farmers here we have on the other side
of the equation you have a President of
the United States actually without
really even knowing what he's doing
getting engaged in a trade war because
it feels right
because it feeds an instinct that he
said for 30 40 years and how strange
that he's hurting a lot of the same
people who helped elect him president a
lot of a lot of farmers across the
Midwest especially in Iowa are being
punished because China did exactly what
people like you knew China was going to
do they responded to Donald Trump's
tariffs with tariffs of their own
shocking yeah it's gonna hurt not just
American export as agriculture and
otherwise but also those American firms
that have to use imports and that's the
result of say the the steel and aluminum
terrorists the other day it's as if the
administration she sees tariffs and more
broadly protectionism as a abstract
concept rather than is it actually a
policy tool that has real implications
for American producers and consumers
both directly and then when others
retaliate it's just not being thought
through and it's one of the reasons the
market is beginning to tank this
administration's got to be really
careful Joe they inherited a strong
market they then added all sorts of
fiscal stimulus because the tax cuts and
spending increases but now among other
things thrashing Tech and the
protectionism they're going to bring
down what was their single strongest
calling card just to follow I just was
gonna say just to follow up on that plus
the instability of this administration
with all its turnover as Holloman was
saying the market responded well to
Trump because he did have a strong
cabinet and that when he was elected
people trust that now with all this
turnover it's really causing a lot of
problems within the markets as well it
really is and Willie I just keep waiting
for my conservative friends and we don't
need a whole lot but maybe a few could
really come out on Capitol Hill and
speak out strongly my conservative
friends need to speak out strongly
against these tariffs that that
undermine free trade that distort the
marketplace the president's attacks on
job creators so you look at his attacks
on Amazon and you look at his attacks on
other companies that he doesn't like
this is this is a president of United
States doing exactly what free-market
conservatives like myself have always
said we don't want the federal
government to do you don't want the
federal government picking winners and
losers in the free marketplace that's
exactly what Donald Trump's doing and
according to the latest reports coming
out overnight he plans to continue to
attack Amazon but what he doesn't
realize is is when he strikes out at
Amazon he causes he causes the entire
tech sector to go down and
he's impacting people you know people's
jobs and it's just like these tariffs
when he does something that he thinks
feels good and feeds a political twinge
a Mis misguided political twinge he
costs retirees and he costs people
trying to set aside money in college
funds you know just collectively
hundreds of billions of dollars well
it's one of the many costs of having a
personality-driven president which is
that as you say he's he's scratching an
itch he feels that Washington Post
covers it unfairly so he's got to go
over go after Jeff Bezos but but Richard
Haass I mean as joe said this has
real-world implications and if you're
muddying the waters and clownin it was
an argument about the post office losing
money I'm here to defend the post office
if you really want to worry about the
post office losing money there are
things you could do that have nothing to
do with Amazon but what he's doing right
now is picking on one of the most
popular companies in America in the
world by the way that people have a
relationship with and not just hurting
Amazon but if you look down the front
page of The Wall Street Journal is slide
and in tech stocks over yesterday all
the way from Amazon alphabet Facebook
Apple Netflix all the way down yeah and
it's hurting also biotech doctors
technology across the board and this is
our future and Joe made a good point
it's it's people with their 401ks
retirement plans but one of the looming
crises in this country it's it's a
slow-motion crisis but it's coming sure
as shootin is going to be pension plans
we've got all sorts of states and
municipalities that are not even close
to being able to meet their obligations
to working-class Americans and this
crisis is going to hit and it's hit hard
all these pension plans are based on
things like 7 8 % annual returns in the
market that those days are over
and the sort of thing the president's
going to do is actually going to
accelerate the arrival where states and
cities are not going to be able to meet
their obligations to retired workers
yeah John Heilemann it's interesting
yeah the president's poll numbers went
up 1 or 2 points to maybe 41 42 percent
on one or two bolts and suddenly you saw
screaming headlines that the president's
roaring back and the president this is
really not it
read somebody from RealClearPolitics
saying at the time hey listen
42% is within the median range the guy's
been between 38 and 42 percent as low as
35 34 percent well of galip's latest
polls come out and he's sitting at 39%
again about a third of the country
thirty five percent of the country
sometimes forty percent of the country
approve of what he's doing and the
overwhelming majority of Americans do
not I and again it had all of this chaos
people seeing the markets falling down
the markets falling almost 5 percent so
far in the year all of the the churning
and again it seems like this president
is just not interested in getting any
sort of momentum he wants to build up
and tear down and have chaos every day
right well and and again I just think
that you think when you as you look
toward the midterm elections and you
we've seen some of the the data that
we've seen over the course of the off
years and and other special elections
we've looked at where Republicans even
in the the races that have happened
after the tax cut was passed Republicans
found it hard to capitalize on that
politically and as I said a little while
ago there's not very much to look to
where you look at what the legislative
agenda is between now and November there
really is none there's some we have
confirmation hearings for a couple big
jobs but it's not that there's the the
the combination of a long and sustained
stretch of anticipated economic
volatility and chaos matched with a long
stretch of little or nothing happening
in the legislative front leads almost
inexorably towards what people have been
expecting which is Republicans getting
hammered at the midterms and yet
President Trump does not seem to even in
the most self-interested way look at
that as the potential for the potential
consequence he's facing you would think
that that would discipline his behavior
to some extent knowing that a Democratic
controlled house representatives would
would pose an existential threat to his
to his presidency would might bring on
impeachment hearings and so on and yet
can't even discipline himself with his
own skin sort of at stake in this game
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
