I have them but there's no better words
than stupid oh well well you know here's
a sampling of some of the president's
best words from his Twitter feed over
the past 24 hours stolen drugs week fake
dead crime pathetic dishonest biased
joke fools embarrassment ridiculous
wasted disgraceful sick
oh my god I feel so inadequate that I
went to the University of Alabama
instead of Penn because after all he
tells us what a great degree he got from
Wharton and I know this morning
everybody in at Wharton is so proud that
that man came from their institution and
learned such big wonderful words as
those this guy is he's going now he's
just completely out of control
and conservatives of course on Capitol
Hill are doing nothing about it they're
doing nothing about the fact that the
Trump tariff tax is actually causing
trade Wars that are going to hurt
farmers across the Midwest people that
helped elect him it's especially gonna
have an impact in Iowa you look at the
Trump tariff tax you look at the fact
that he's now attacking Amazon he's
causing the tech sector to collapse his
trade wars are causing of course the
overall market did collapse it's going
down 4% this year not because of any
economic changes that have occurred in
fact the economy's doing pretty well
it's his own erratic behavior inside the
White House that's causing this drop
we're going to talk about that with
national affairs analyst for NBC News
and MSNBC John Heilemann we've got
Republican strategist and political
commentator Susan Dell / co-president
the Council on Foreign Relations Richard
Haass is with us and joining the
conversation New York Times Washington
bureau chief Elizabeth boon Miller and
also political reporter for The
Washington Post and moderator of
Washington week on PBS
Robert Costa and John Heilemann I will I
will continue the list with you and then
he's got there's this like Caravan
there's this Caravan in his mind they
think there actually was a caravan
somewhere in Central America or maybe
moving up to Mexico and BuzzFeed I think
has a reporter on it so there's this
Caravan yeah a big carrot big caravan of
people a big camera there is there is
John Heilemann there a couple of
vehicles from people who would like to
come to the United States and Donald
Trump has been tweeting about this now
for four or five days you can take the
tweet down I don't want to see the tweet
anymore he's been tweeting about this
for four or five days only because Fox
News is covering it and while he's doing
that he's attacking the Washington Post
a newspaper that's investigating all of
his misdeeds he's slashing at burning
Amazon because he's angry because guess
what they're doing they're using the
United States Post Office a lot of
people in 2018 are not using the United
States Post Office but he is he's
hurting retirees with trade wars their
their their retirement accounts are
going down I mean it's just absolute
chaos and again it seems to be one
self-inflicted wound after another yes
Donald Trump's approval ratings are
gonna go down but my god the Republicans
on Capitol Hill are going to have a
political bloodbath on their hands this
fall and get wiped out at the ballot box
and yet they say nothing yeah thank you
so much John I mean there's so much
there to go with Joe I don't really know
exactly there's guys were to proceed on
that basis I like the part of the tweet
where he referred to the and again I
always let me get users whose
punctuation in these tweets the we
Clause thing in quotes our we Clause
border I you know that's almost as crazy
to me as the caravan thinking of course
there's a chance
that the caravan a hive degree of
probability the Caribbean reference
comes from from Fox and Friends there's
also the possibility that's been
listening to a lot of Van Morrison over
the weekend and has been seeing Caravan
nitor with his family at mar-a-lago I
don't know there's what to me and I'm
gonna ask Bob cost about this because he
has a much greater degree of insight
into Donald Trump's brain psyche mind
that I have ever had but Bob how is it
Jo just rattled off a whole bunch of
things that on the objective merits
seemed to be chaotic and seem to be
self-inflicted wounds and seem to be
marching the congressional Republicans
to it to doom this November and yet at
core to me much of trumps behavior seems
to reflect some weird delirious deluded
high that he's on where he thinks not
only is he not inflicting wounds on
himself not only is he not creating
chaos that's destroying the American
economy and the political fortunes of
his party but he thinks he's doing great
right now I mean he think he thinks
everything is going exactly his way I
don't understand every particular
conundrum but maybe you can help me
understand how he could possibly believe
those things in the face of all the
objective facts John of course he's
projecting confidence on numerous fronts
but based on my reporting over the last
few days his comments on Twitter about
this caravan this alleged caravan it
really reflects this course around him
at mar-a-lago with him on the phone
these conservative people who have
conservative positions on immigration
who are warning him again and again
privately that he risks losing his
political base in the midterm elections
if he does not take action on
immigration to either build the wall or
to have stricter measures on illegal
immigration with different kinds of
migrants trying to come in to the US and
this is an animating thing for him
because he's hearing it on television
when he's watching fox news and he's
hearing it when he's at the dinner table
at mar-a-lago and he's hearing it on the
phone thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of
around us to watch more for morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
