all right welcome back everyone joining
us now from Washington DC with a look at
Axios am the co-founder of access Mike
Allen Mike good to have you with us this
morning so what is access is one big
thing for the morning yeah good morning
the Axius one big thing is why President
Trump thinks he's winning his war on the
media we have the rise of Trump TV
Morning Joe yesterday had a lot of fun
with that viral video of the Sinclar
anchors mouthing talking points that the
White House likes the president in his
own reality and his own feedback loop is
seeing this conservative TV coverage
he's consulting these conservative TV
hosts he listens to them he phones them
he takes their advice and this Bond's
him to his base his base on conservative
TV sees his complaints even about other
Republicans and that helps him cement
him to them even though the other
coverage is so bearish so Mike the
president obviously yesterday tweeting
his support of Sinclair amongst all the
backlash from mainstream media outlets
what exactly Mike are you seeing is the
president's sort of thinking behind this
behind supporting Sinclair so fervently
well he sees this as a great rooting
section and loves the anchors loves the
fact that the mainstream media is
squawking about it that's one of the
reasons that he's convinced that
Sinclair is doing a great thing a little
scoop here I asked Sinclair CEO if he
would do this again I said would you
have a promo campaign like this or would
you maybe give the anchors a little more
local flexibility next time and Trump
would like the answer the Sinclair CEO
said this is designed to get more
viewers and whether or not that happens
is how I decide whether I do this
campaign again all about the ratings
yeah Mike let me ask you really quickly
about something that your colleague
Jonathan Swan attacks this has pointed
out that the president has a modern
version of call-and-response with the
media what more can you tell us about
that yeah so this is
president Trump's instant gratification
he tweets and then he sees it on the
Chiron's on TV and that's why he is
constantly consulting these hosts and as
formal advisors the people that we think
of as actual White House officials as
they see marginalized pushed out absent
more and more he's listening to what he
years on conservative Trump TV what's
interesting Mike though is the more that
we report on stories that are happening
at cetera or Fox News for instance it
seems as if it only sort of invigorates
Trump's pace know exactly the fact that
we are covering it critically or
skeptically is part of what convinces
them the Trump is right now of course
from ultimately has a math problem here
barely one last time and this approach
doesn't add people so he has a
demographic problem there's nothing in
these groups that he's talking to on
Trump TV they're gonna bring in new
people they're gonna bring in young
people they're gonna potentially expand
his base which usually in politics is
what you want to do that's definitely
not this White House's strategy and let
me ask you really quickly Mike about
another thing that access is looking at
which is the growing signals over data
privacy in the fallout over the Facebook
Cambridge analytical scandal what kind
of rules do you think we could see
Congress try to push down the pipeline
here yeah we're getting a pretty clear
picture and we just popped up a story on
Axius how to regulate Facebook and
there's three ideas that seem to be
taking the lead here one transparency
that the social platforms would have to
tell us more about what they're doing
with our data the fact that we gave a
blanket okay isn't enough second
portability that means we could yank our
data back and third giving us more
control in the first place additional
privacy controls and letting us opt in
and out more clearly than we can now so
obviously Mike before we let you go
we've been talking a lot about cameras
analytic on Facebook for that matter you
actually spoke with billionaire Mark
Cuban
at the axis event Ohio State University
yesterday about the Facebook scandal
what do you say yeah we had a great time
in Buckeye Country on Columbus with the
Ohio State University
Mark Cuban was on stage with us talking
to the students about the future of work
and he said he would be more likely to
run for president as an independent if
Republicans keep control of Congress he
thinks that if Democrats get control of
the house that there wouldn't be quite
as much of an opening Mark Cuban Oprah
Winfrey exactly power the billionaires
no mic out thank you very much left for
us in Washington do you see of course
we're gonna be reading actually Sam in
just a little while and to all of our
viewers out there you too can sign up
for the newsletter by going to Axios com
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
