when an advertiser boycott closed in on
Bill O'Reilly last year Fox News
announced that O'Reilly was going on
vacation he never returned from that
vacation and last week when an
advertiser boycott started by my next
guest David hog was building against
Laura Ingraham Fox News announced that
she was going on vacation vacation is
the scariest place for a fox news host
to be when advertisers are boycotting a
show there are now 15 advertisers these
15 advertisers boycotting Laura Ingraham
show Expedia Hulu Nestle nutrition
TripAdvisor Wayfarer Johnson & Johnson
stitch fix Office Depot Jenny Craig
Atlanta's Paradise I length is Paradise
Island
Liberty Mutual Ruby Tuesday bayar
Miracle Ear today was the first business
day when Fox did not lose another
advertiser to the boycott and so this
afternoon Fox issued this statement we
cannot and will not allow voices to be
censored by agenda driven intimidation
efforts we look forward to having Laura
Ingraham back hosting her program next
Monday when she returns from spring
vacation with her children that
statement by Fox conveniently overlooks
the fact that Bill O'Reilly was indeed
driven from Fox News by an agenda driven
effort the agenda was to stop sexual
harassment in the workplace specifically
stop
Bill O'Reilly sexual harassment and it
worked because all of the names of the
companies you see behind me right now
boycotted Bill O'Reilly's show and
that's who drove him off TV the
advertisers Fox News was gonna let Bill
O'Reilly sexually harass as many women
as he wanted to for as long as he wanted
to and they were going to help him
settle lawsuits with those women for as
long as he wanted them to do that but
they were not going to let him lose
advertisers for Fox News that was
crossing Fox News's Line and so those
advertisers who drove Bill O'Reilly out
of television probably saved an unknown
number of women working at Fox News
right now
from being sexually harassed by Bill
O'Reilly in the workplace and now of
course Bill O'Reilly hates boycotts so
O'Reilly rose in defense of Laura
Ingraham today on Twitter he said that
the boycott is being directed by
powerful shadowy radical groups who want
Laura Ingraham off the air here's a
picture of the leader of those powerful
shadowy radical groups that's 17-year
old David Hogg that's his Twitter
photograph and here is the tweet that
publicly launched the boycott it got
55,000 retweets 128 thousand likes and
that is something advertisers must pay
attention to it is impossible to
conceive of a more peaceful form of
protest than a tweet or a boycott in
fact boycotts were invented at a
potentially explosive moment in history
as an alternative to violent protests
Charles boycott was the local rent
collector in Compton Mayo and Ireland
for an English Lord who owned the land
that peasant farmers tried to scrape out
a living on or at least enough food to
eat with harvests dropping toward famine
levels and farmers unable to make their
rent Charles boycott was especially
ruthless with evictions
in a protest to reduce rents the local
Irish refused to pay their rents to
Mister boycott and refused to help with
the harvest on lands controlled by
mister boycott after that Charles
boycotts last name became a verb and
within a year led to new fairer rent
laws in Ireland in the hundred thirty
eight years since then peaceful boycotts
have been launched around the world with
mixed results sometimes they succeed
sometimes they don't but every time
every time boycott boycotts are always
called unfair by the people who are
getting boycotted including of course
the target of the most successful recent
TV advertisers
boycott Bill O'Reilly who's Irish
culture once depended on the invention
of the boycott for it's very survival
joining us now David hog a senior at
Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in
parkland Florida David thank you very
much for joining us tonight really
appreciate it I want to go first of all
to what Bill O'Reilly said about you
today and what you're doing he said that
you and the boycott being directed by
powerful shadowy radical groups what's
your reaction to that Thanks for seeing
me is powerful I don't see myself as
such I mean I I mean I'm pretty well lit
I don't see any shadowy figures behind
me it I mean honestly if he sees
powerful shattering shadowy groups is
corporate America standing with us okay
I guess it doesn't really make sense but
what I want to get on from is the
negativity in this situation and I want
to focus on what's ahead for our
movement it's really what we need to be
focusing on is the positivity and really
bringing everybody together and that's
the first thing that we have coming up
are the town halls on April 7th that
we're trying to get in every
congressional district and I think what
when bill says these things and when
Laura says these things it I I'm fine
when they disagree with my policies
that's absolutely okay what I have a
problem with is when they attack me or
anybody else personally why what does
that accomplish it doesn't make any
sense I'm not I don't have any shadowy
figures behind me at least I don't I
don't see any I'm pretty well lit and
I'm just a kid that uses Twitter and if
he sees me as powerful that's okay I
don't see myself that way but honestly
we're trying to use our First Amendment
rights in service corporate America and
if he stands against that that's fine
but we're gonna they're standing with us
and we're gonna stand with them too I
want to show a photograph of Emma
Gonzalez and what was done this is an
another way in which people on the right
the following are a people have tried to
distort what's going on here especially
with you as individual protesters they
took a photograph of Emma Gonzales
ripping up a target that's used for gun
target practice and they photoshopped
that into her rip
a copy of the Constitution and claiming
well first of all that she was ripping
up a copy of the Constitution and
therefore that's what she was all about
what was your reaction to that
I think it's kind of ironic that many of
the people that create this content are
always saying that there's so much fake
news out there when oftentimes are the
ones that perpetrate and create it it's
- it's disgusting it's dangerous to our
democracy and it's just wrong we're
we're kids that are just trying to save
lives these people working against us
they aren't really doing anything other
than getting in our way and what we need
to do here is come together as Americans
and when when people use divisive
language like we see on the right on the
left of this issue like calling things
right on the left and not just American
it doesn't help anything because we need
to come together we need to go to these
town halls they I don't care if you're a
Republican I don't care if you're a
Democrat we're all Americans let's get
together and solve this issue together I
want to read a tweet from John Huey who
was a former publisher of Time magazine
and he responded to Bill O'Reilly's
tweet about the boycott being this
conspiracy he said advertisers pull
money when they come to believe the show
they're sponsoring has crossed some line
that is going to cost them customers and
money they are largely a political
market driven capitalists with radar for
brand damage and David that comes from
someone whose business depended on the
selling of advertising and the
maintenance of good relationships with
advertisers and so when you when you
hear Bill O'Reilly imagining this about
what's going on with you and what's
going on
with your classmates down in in parkland
Florida if you could if you could talk
to Bill O'Reilly for a minute what would
you try to tell him corporate America is
on the side of justice you with the
sexual harassment they stood with those
the victims of that to ensure that
nobody else would have to suffer through
that and they they're trying to stand
with us to to prevent the bullying that
we've seen and again I don't want this
to be about the negativity of the
situation I I want this to be Americans
discussing this with each other that's
what we need we need positivity and we
need to work together but when these
people continue to try to divide us and
distract from what the real mission here
is which is saving kids lives because
they're trying to attack us on a
personal level not even our Paul
I am absolutely fine with people
criticizing our policies but I'm not
okay with is when people attack me and
my friends we're survivors of a mass
murder on a personal level what does
that accomplish quickly before you go
give us again what's going on next April
seventh you mentioned yep so on April
7th we're going to have a we're trying
to have a town hall in every
congressional district people can go to
the town hall project Town Hall
project.org
to see if there's one in their area and
if there's not they can create an event
and it's a really great way for
everybody to make their voices heard so
please I urge you to go to town hall
project.org and see if there's an event
in your area if there's not make one
david hog really appreciate you joining
us tonight thank you very much David hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
