every public school in Kentucky was
closed today as teachers marched on the
State Capitol the protests proposed
pension cuts and this this was a scene
at the State Capitol in Oklahoma were
thousands of teachers and students and
their allies demonstrated today for more
school funding and for better pay
inspired by the successful strike last
month in West Virginia teachers and red
states for organizing themselves in
social media walking off the job to
protest what they say are poor
conditions in the classrooms where
textbooks are falling apart and wages
that according to one teacher forced her
to go to a food pantry just to get by
when I drove into park I drove past my
own students at the after-school program
on their playground and they waved all
smiling at me and I thought I can't
I'm so embarrassed I'm so embarrassed I
should not have to do that if I have two
degrees I have student loans and
bachelor's degrees and 14 years
experience I should not have to come out
for food Dana Gould seems natural
correspondent in your times author of
the teacher wars a history of America's
most embattled of breath fashion which
is a fantastic book I have to say Pedro
Nogueira is professor of Education
direct to the Center for transformation
in schools at UCLA and Dave Jameson's a
labor reporter for HuffPo and Dave you
have been covering these strikes talking
to teachers what is going on well you
know this is really about a lack of
investment in public schools from the
teachers standpoint in a lot of these
states that the math is actually pretty
simple you know everybody had to rein in
school spending during the Great
Recession but in these states where
we're now seeing these revolts you look
at West Virginia Oklahoma Arizona these
are states that actually during their
cup recovery went on to cut taxes as
well so you've had this this following
revenue and now there's no money to give
teachers and so you have educators
who've gone four years six years ten
years without a meaningful raise and
they're pretty tired of it so the pay is
just one part of it I mean you talk to
these folks the first thing they bring
up is that how their textbooks are
falling apart how they can't keep
teachers in their schools how teachers
are leaving for other states that pay
better and they really
see it as a crisis you know the
austerity Dana is so severe this stat is
the one that blows my on 20% of
Oklahoma's schools have four day weeks
that's like forget labor conditions and
whether teachers are being paid like
that is just not sufficient to educate a
populace right it is shocking and
imagine the bind that puts parents on to
find childcare on that fifth day of the
week it is a it is a truly radical
situation because of the austerity
budgeting there's no textbooks I visited
schools in Tulsa that are rationing
paper for teachers and students so this
is something that parents and kids are
feeling it's not just about the teacher
salary and do you get the sense that
there was support I mean one of the
things we saw in West Virginia was
really interesting was you know West
Virginia is a state that's got a very
his you know storied labor history but
it's also very conservative state you
saw a lot of support for the teachers
there from students and parents did you
get the same sense in your in Oklahoma
so this walkout will not work without
parent and community support and I think
what teachers are worried about in
Oklahoma is that the legislature did
vote last week and the governor signed a
bill that would supposedly give them a
$6,000 raise and some folks are saying
hey isn't that enough for you why are
you asking for more now teachers are
saying we want more for the kids we want
more money for textbooks to have those
five-day school weeks so they're still
alive saying extravagance Pedro you know
we there's a huge conversation
constantly about teachers unions it has
been sort of at the center of the
conversation these states you've got
these sort of educational associations
but largely these are places that don't
have collective bargaining where this is
being done as a kind of grassroots
organizing effort I think that's what
makes it so impressive and it's it's
likely that we'll see this happen in
other states as well because throughout
the south and another right-to-work
states places like Kansas there have
been cuts to education and teachers have
been barely scraping by and I think
they've seen from the the success in
West Virginia that collective action
does make a difference even in the right
so-called right-to-work states
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
