a lot of an incomplete investigation the
whole thing is a sham
five days to do the investigation it's
very frustrating that they didn't do a
thorough investigation
Democrats debating whether this was
thorough at all with Republicans who say
the FBI is done enough well my next
guest agrees with the Democrats William
Charmin went to Yale with Brett
Kavanaugh he writes about living with
Brett Kavanaugh and the FBI never
returning his call I'm also joined by
Judge Robert as Smith a conservative
former federal appeals court judge who
had supported Kavanagh but has now
withdrawn that support writing I blame
him for letting his anger impaired his
judgment he needs to learn the words I'm
sorry and as if that wasn't enough
tonight folks we have of counsel to the
beat my wily former counsel of the mayor
of New York and MSNBC legal analyst
thanks to all of you for being here for
a substantive discussion I start with
you mr. chairman as the roommate what
happened when you tried to reach the FBI
what did you want to convince well I
wasn't the roommate let's be clear about
this I lived in Lawrence Hall during the
same time that excuse me home eight home
eight that's well yes I lived down the
hall I put it this way I lived an
entryway a the event with the alleged
event with Debbie Ramirez took place in
entryway B what I tried to supply to the
FBI was a list of names of people who
were likely at that party I had learned
from colleagues here at my university
that the FBI may not have had that one
can't assume these things and I thought
that would be useful information the FBI
didn't get back to me at first I I
thought nothing of it I thought they
were on top of their game and then I
started getting emails from classmates
of the residents of Lawrence Hall and it
turned out a lot of people including
people who had some truly important
information we're not being contacted by
the FBI and of course this is extremely
unsettling is your view that you and/or
your classmates have reason to think
that miss Ramirez was credible
I think it's credible I do think we need
an investigation and I think what's
being called an investigation it's not
it's a con job and I say that I don't
say that lightly but I will say that
because in fact people I provided names
I know other names are provided by
Debbie Ramirez his lawyer
I know and I think you just mentioned
this on the program one of my old
friends can't corroborate the Debbie
Ramirez talked about this back in 83 84
with him he approached the FBI and the
FBI did not contact him and there's
there seems to be a pattern here of not
just the usual sort of bureaucratic
neglect or benign neglect but of a
conscious effort to make sure that some
of these stories don't get out there and
that of course is extremely problematic
we need an investigation before we can
reach you know a final judgment on this
whole thing and we did not get that Maia
what does that say to you because one of
the key ways that you can corroborate
claims against people prominent people
famous people because there can be
reasons that people may come forward
falsely is whether there was earlier
corroboration right exactly I mean any
any time you're trying to assess what
happened and you're and and you have two
different people saying opposite things
what you're looking for is what kind of
confirms the credibility of either of
them and key evidence to that is whether
or not they told people at the time
that's something that they've said
happened and whether they tell it in the
same way right does the story change
does the story stay consistent and that
is corroborating evidence and I think
that is what's so disturbing about
essentially handcuffing law enforcement
here by not allowing the FBI to do their
job
judge we live in a world where many
people bring their ideology or their
hopes to how they view these conflicts
you are a judge so if you were any good
your job or you're a retired judge your
job was to look at the evidence not
preconceived notions and you up until
recently were as cavanaugh supporter
what evidence
changed your mind well it's for me it's
entirely about the doctor for died I'm
not worrying about the Ramirez
allegation which
regardez unproved and not really in
favor of turning over every rock to see
if you can prove it with dr. Ford I
listen to her story
I found it compelling I find it almost
impossible to believe that nothing
happened between her and Judge Cavanaugh
and I was very disappointed in his
testimony I I understand that he's been
through a horrible experience and I want
to say that he's someone I had had
admired and thought very well of and
perhaps in some ways still do because
he's he's had a distinguished career for
four decades but I was very I thought it
was a very disappointing testimony and I
to me you've got a an allegation of
serious wrongdoing it's not it's a
credible allegation it's not credibly
denied if I had to make this decision I
would say it's just not right to confirm
the nominee and I would say that very
unhappily because in my opinion is an
excellent nominee well that speaks
volumes that you may reach that decision
with sadness but you reached it based on
the evidence I also want to dig into
something that that I know you're
careful about I think we should all
think about as viewers listened to you
there is a debate over what should be
disqualifying for nominees and that is a
broad debate and we can all acknowledge
that some of those standards have
changed over time and then there's a
debate about how nominees go through the
vetting process what was your view of
the way judge Cavanaugh handled himself
on Thursday and if you find dr. Ford
credible does that mean in tandem you
found him less than credible or
potentially her Juris as a sitting
federal judge I'm not going to throw
around the word perjury but I I was not
happy with it already said I was unhappy
with this testimony I was particularly
upset with the one that someone someone
referred to earlier the idea that you
use a girl's name with the word alumnus
as a caption to a group of football
players and he tried to sell the idea
that this was a respectful display of
platonic friendship I just don't buy it
I and it to me it's upsetting because it
suggests that yeah if you've he'll deny
that
what won't he deny and doesn't doesn't
hear yay this isn't the fact that he was
once a kid who drank too much and
behaved badly and I don't know how badly
behaved and it's probably not
disqualifying if we knew all the facts
but he really ought to recognize that my
I wonder what you think of the judges
clear point here that can get lost and
the wider and important discussion of
how we deal with sexual assault which is
that even if you hold out the idea that
there could be a genuine disagreement
about long ago facts well what the what
the judge is saying here on the beat is
you have a nominee a sitting federal
judge appearing to mislead in clearly
provable ways the committee as he is
considered for this promotion absolutely
so I think we have a judicial code of
ethics actually for the federal bench
and a judge Smith is someone who has
upheld those ethics I think in his
career is a perfectly important person
who listened to on this the importance
of the bench of the of judges is to be
unbiased but also to demonstrate
integrity truthfulness and honesty as
part of that integrity when that is not
in evidence or that there are sufficient
questions that that's not the case we
actually you lose credibility in our
judicial system and that's something we
have to protect so even if it's not
about whether judge Cavanaugh is guilty
of a crime it's about whether judge
Cavanaugh as someone who would become a
justice Kavanagh continues to uphold the
credibility of the bench and one other
point is the American Bar Association in
2004 gave him the gold standard right as
the Republicans often say when they
evaluated his qualifications well in
2006 they downgraded that in part
because they felt like he was
demonstrating bias and then by this
nomination process there they actually
called for a full investigation that has
not happened so part of what we're
seeing is even the neutral bodies
including the 1,700 law professors that
have said on this issue on the issue of
the credibility of the bench and the
appearance of bias and
this is a significant disqualifying
issue it's put very well here at a panel
with people who know a lot about it I
should mention on a personal note a
judge Smith in Maya Wiley know each
other from Brooklyn as we say around
here BK to the fullest yeah that is true
that's absolutely true that Ida we do
know each other from Brooklyn I am NOT I
I wanted to associate myself slightly
from the idea that Judge Cavanaugh has
forever changed himself from performing
as a Supreme Court justice by his
performance I told you I didn't like his
performance I'm happy with it he's yeah
and I if I had a had a vote and were
uninfluenced by political considerations
and you find a senator like that I
probably would vote no he may be
confirmed if he is confirmed I I have
some hope that he'll be an excellent
justice he's been from everything I know
an excellent judge for many years right
I hope that this will prove an
aberration and I really hope that people
on both sides of this when it's over and
when it's come out will respect the
result and try and and try to support
the institution even if they're not
happy with the outcome well the way you
speak and we don't get that many retired
judges on TV and most sitting judges of
reasons they can't do TV interviews what
we get from you is something we could
all use right now I'm that's my opinion
hey I'm already Melvin from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
