these have to have to be sorted out but
remember Bob Mahler was appointed to
investigate whether there was collusion
and this obviously is way far removed
I'm not saying it's not a serious matter
but it's way far removed from what the
special counsel was authorized to do
this becomes an issue then for rod
Rosenstein to say doesn't need to be
investigated under the regulations and
is mauler the right one to do it and rod
might very well rod Rosen side might
very well say you know you need to stick
to the issue and dead commit let's get
through with this issue of collusion you
stick to that and let's now a point you
know
Mary row as Special Counsel hmm that was
former whitewater Independent Counsel
Kenneth Starr weighing in on the stormy
Daniel story during a podcast interview
with our next guest chief investigative
correspondent for Yahoo News Michael
Isikoff very good to have you onboard
he's the co-author of the number one New
York Times bestseller Russian Roulette
the inside story of Putin's war on
America and the election of Donald Trump
also with us former GOP counsel for the
House Oversight Committee now a
contributor to nbcnews.com the editorial
page think Sophia Nelson she's the
author of blurb us1 reclaiming our
founders vision for a united America and
Michael we'll start with you and
especially given the book that you
authored it can start on to something
where the investigation needs to stay
focused there are questions though of
campaign finance violations as it
pertains to stormy Daniels correct right
correct and you look it was a
fascinating interview because star has
been outspoken for some time about the
need for Muller's investigation to be
allowed to proceed without interference
from the president he's been quite
critical of President Trump's tweets and
efforts to influence the investigation
calling it a hoax and all that he sees
parallels between that and the attacks
on him when he was the Whitewater
independent counsel from the Clinton
camp but the stormy Daniels controversy
was kind of a new issue for him and you
know there's a certain consistency there
when he saw what he perceived as
potential criminal conduct by Bill
Clinton and lying under oath in the Paul
Jones case about his relationship with
Lewinsky he believed that needed to be
investigated and he sees potential
illegalities potential illegality here
because of the payment to stormy Daniels
during the campaign that could be a
campaign finance violation and if so
who's going to investigate it and that's
where it really got interesting he's
saying it does have to be evaluated by
the Justice Department
he thinks it's sufficiently far afield
from where from what Muller is doing
that so that somebody else needs to take
a look at it and that ends up on the
desk of Rod Rosenstein the Deputy
Attorney General
I was just going to say from the clips
that we played at least of your
interview with him he certainly sounded
skeptical that this fell into Bob
Muller's domain he did and you know you
could say well the Winsky certainly
seemed far afield from the whitewater
business deals that he was that Starr
was investigating back 20 years ago but
I think the important part is that just
prime atashi there is there are
legitimate questions there the fact that
this was money paid in the closing days
of the campaign hadn't been paid six
months or a year earlier or two years
earlier even though the affair as
alleged by Daniels took place over a
decade ago so you know he what he was
saying is the equivalent of a
preliminary investigation the problem is
I don't know how you get there with a
preliminary investigation the only way
you can determine whether or not
the money was paid for campaign purposes
is to get emails to get tasks texts and
to question people under oath to know
what was Michael Cohen talking about did
he discuss it with his client was there
or discuss it with anybody in the
campaign we don't know the answer to
those questions and a preliminary
inquiry can't get you there right it's
got you gotta you gotta take the next
step and issue some subpoenas next Sofia
to confess or hear from your perspective
as a former counsel on Oversight is Bob
Muller over his skis is his probe too
broad encompassing too many different
topics that are too far afield from his
original brief not at all I actually
believe Bob Moeller does have the
authority to investigate this and I
thought the interview that Michael did
with judge Starr was great the parallels
are unbelievable I was working on those
investigations in the Clintons whether
it was whitewater or the money
investigations about the alleged money
laundering or things with the Chinese
and etc and it turned into a situation
where Judge Starr had been on whitewater
so long as you know then the Lewinsky
thing broke and then the Paula Jones
issue came up through that and then
there was issues of perjury I think this
is exactly the same parallel and I think
it's ironic the judge star would say
that he's not sure if Bob Miller has
that authority when I think he does
because the special counsel is looking
for patterns and what we see here is a
pattern and practice potentially of the
President of the United States bribing
people paying them off maybe threatening
people to keep their mouth shut
doing it in a very interesting scheme
through the campaign through his lawyer
and his lawyers lawyer has now been on
TV for the last couple weeks I think
getting this client in a lot of trouble
but I think Miller absolutely has the
authority to look into this I I don't
see where there's a problem with this at
all and I agree with Michael you've got
to get there you can't keep saying
somebody else needs to do it I think it
fits into a pattern and practice that
he's looking for about whether or not
the president's character and demeanor
is such that he could have colluded with
Russians that he could have threatened
somebody they all fit in the same pot
you know MIGA one of the things we've
ever looked this morning we were talking
about
president being untethered are some on
the inside have said unhinge it's very
interesting that you know how all of
donald trump's lawyers were scared of
him
talking to Bob Muller they all thought
that Bob Muller was a lot smarter than
Donald Trump mm-hmm thought that Donald
Trump was a fool and would be too easily
tricked by robert muller thought that
this guy just would humiliate himself
and maybe even get himself arrested
because bob muller they think yeah
there's so much smarter than Donald
Trump
and I guess maybe that's why some of
those lawyers are gone Donald Trump is
actually now standing people on the
inside saying I'm not as stupid as you
think I am and he actually wants to sit
down and talk to Robert Muller and so
perhaps Donald Trump that's one of the
things that we're seeing from him being
quote untethered that he's not
surrounded by people that think he's too
stupid to talk to Robert Muller well we
asked him during the campaign who do you
turn to for advice and he said he turned
to himself that he had a very big brain
so maybe he doesn't think that he's too
stupid to talk to Robert Muller but
certainly his lawyers everybody around
him better gone now I thought that he
was too dumb to stupid to talk to Robert
Moore but I guess he taught himself he's
untethered and so now he's thinking
maybe I'm not that stupid after all
maybe I can sit down and talk to Robert
Muller maybe he's not that much smarter
than me five years education is not that
much but he's a Saint Paul's guy I know
that I went to Wharton yeah any a
Princeton guy yeah but you know Trump
tells you he went to an Ivy League
school too so maybe molars Ivy League
schools not better than Trump's Ivy
League school maybe molars education is
not better than Trump's education maybe
Trump is not more Dumber
maybe cops are Dumber then then then Bob
Muller it might be right that's that's
at least what these stories are telling
us I look at him so far fastest man in
the room fascinating another big story
were following Facebook CEO Mark said
he's a smart guy
at times personally a guy time to Apple
CEO Tim Cook more criticizing Facebook
of its data
here's cook followed by Zuckerberg
we could make a ton of money if we
monetized our customer if our customer
was our product we could make a ton of
money we've elected not to do that we
care about the user experience and we're
not going to traffic in your personal
your personal life
I think it's an invasion of privacy what
would you do what would I do I wouldn't
be in the situation you know I find that
argument that if you're not paying that
somehow we can't care about you to be
extremely glib right and and not at all
aligned with the truth you know the
reality here is that if you want to
build a service that helps connect
everyone in the world then there are a
lot of people who can't afford to pay
and therefore as with a lot of media
having an advertising supported model is
the only rational model that that can
support building the service to to reach
people that doesn't mean that we don't
that we're not primarily focused on on
serving people I think probably to the
dissatisfaction of our sales team here
and I make all of our decisions based on
what's going to matter to our community
and improve the experience and focus
much less you know and very little on
the advertising side of the business but
you see that's just not true
I mean and and in fact they've misused
what 50 million Nick you did the story
but they've misused the information of
50 million people you're hearing these
horror stories of old voice melts and
text messages coming up that they are
just completely I talk about the
operation that Facebook has set up
you're reporting on it it's just
extraordinary it's like most foreign
countries I think we spoke with who love
to have the the ability to mine
information of people as much as these
people do Facebook and Google have a
bigger set of data and knowledge about
every person in America
than any government agency anywhere they
built in the world in the world they
have built a very powerful machine for
collecting information and selling
access to it so when Zuckerberg says the
advertising side of the business that is
the business it's the reason that they
were a huge business and worth billions
and billions of dollars what they do is
suck up everything they can about you
who you like who your friends are how
you travel on the web and then tell
advertisers how to reach you best based
on that information now you know it
certainly makes her very good
advertising and targeted advertising but
they know everything about you and for
some people it's very scary
I mean give us details they know
everything about you like what so they
have all right so for example so if you
have your phone and you log into
Facebook somewhere they have the place
you logged in so they can see the places
you were at this is your traveling your
browsing history to some extent the
places you're visiting the other
websites you're visiting who you like
who your friends are with and how you
engage with content on their platform
for a lot of people Facebook is the
Internet so when they go on the internet
they're going on Facebook and a lot of
their activity takes place on Facebook
what we know is when you have all that
information in a systemic way you can
know an awful lot about a person and
they have built this into something
that's very powerful and successful but
we saw a memo from a top executive last
week who said you know you know
continued people having this platform is
what we do its de facto good if
terrorists can use it to plan attacks so
what and that would give you I think an
insight into the mindset how they see
themselves I'm not sure they even
understand themselves mentally what
they're actually doing because they tell
themselves the story that they're about
connecting people that's just one part
of the business the money is the
advertising right in what they are so
Fiat chimed in I mean it's not there are
other tech companies that may have this
problem as well in their own way
yeah I mean I think that he makes a
great point you know I'm one of those
people that uses social media a lot you
have a public page right you have a
private page and this whole Facebook
story for me has been scary and I know
that my stuff is out there and you know
you consider should I delete my page but
I think that for Mark Zuckerberg to try
to say that he's not concerned about the
advertising side of the business is
disingenuous at best of course he is and
as your guests there said this is what
makes Facebook the powerhouse that it is
the advertising and the valuations and
the billions of dollars on the market
are important to them and I think he's
trying to downplay it I don't think
anybody's buying it frankly meka know
how ironic it is that there are a lot of
people on Facebook that use it talking
about these conspiracies about Big
Brother and yet it is Facebook that is
Big Brother that's allowing them to use
is that I mean they don't Facebook
doesn't care whether the news is fake or
true they just care about the
information they're getting from people
that are spreading the misinformation
yeah conceptually I'm less concerned
about this than it would be if this was
a public sector initiative you do have
some agency here you do buy into these
terms of your service however and
because I'm less concerned about the the
people at the top of Google and Facebook
today it doesn't mean I'm not going to
be concerned about the people who are at
the top of Google and Facebook in ten
years and 15 years this is a lot of
power to be in the hands of a company
that frankly we don't know the
trajectory the evolutionary trajectory
of it it's the same model it would apply
to government just because you like the
government today doesn't mean you like
it tomorrow it's the same thing we
should be very concerned about this much
power centralized and I'm not entirely
sure that is going to be the status quo
for very long we're going to start to
look at this as a trust that will be
appropriate to look at me that with some
interest in breaking it up talking a lot
more about this Sophia Nelson thank you
Michael Isikoff thank you as well we'll
be listening to your podcast skull dog
skulduggery it's a mouthful I look
forward to it still ahead there are two
parts to a new controversy surrounding
epa chief scott pruett first this is
just weird that he was charged only $50
a night to stay in psychology or DC
and the second part the condo was partly
owned by the wife of an energy lobbyist
who has direct ties to the oil and gas
that's not the weird part that's bad
third part is that we're sleeping on the
day the Secret Service goes in the door
and they kick down the door because they
think he's dead that's a weird part guys
and then the EPA pay Dwight quite
doesn't happen to you $2,500 oh wait a
sec don't sleep alright what it means
for the latest embattled cabinet
secretary that's ahead middle today he's
sleep and they have to keep thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
