all right welcome back everyone joining
us now from Washington with a look at
access am political reporter for axis
Alexei macam and Alexei great to have
you with us on this week thank you on
this Monday morning what is the one big
thing axis is watching for this morning
today's one big thing is my reporting on
Dems 2018 challenge which is basically
to find a unifying message connecting
tax reform in the economy and health
care it's a tall order especially for
the Democratic Party which is most often
criticized for not really having a
unified message so how are they going to
sort of spin this this tax bill now this
tax cut bill so that's the interesting
thing in a tight line they have to walk
because Americans all across the country
no matter their party affiliation are
already seeing bonuses and their
paychecks from the GOP tax bill so one
way I'm told from Democrats that
candidates and incumbents alike are
going to approach this and spin the tax
bill is by pointing out that Republicans
wanted to make cuts to Medicare and
Medicaid to pay for it and some are
still considering cuts to Medicare and
they're also going to really focus on
middle class voters and sort of tell
them in detail throughout campaigning
that you might be seeing bonuses now but
come November or even after you will
ultimately see tax increases so this
might not come as a surprise to some but
there's actually a battle brewing
between Democrats and Republicans over
who's to blame for these rising health
insurance premiums which is expected by
a lot of people's estimates to be a key
issue just before the midterms how did
Democrats you think plan on capitalizing
on that a senior democratic aide
familiar with the party strategy told me
over the weekend that they know this
issue is top of mind for voters and
they're going to point out early and
often that Republicans are not only
responsible for these rising health care
costs which of course that's the
argument they're going to make but that
that will ultimately offset any
increases in paychecks people are seeing
from the tax bill so they're going to
point out that yes this benefit you're
seeing in your paycheck is great for now
but it's not going to last and also it
will ultimately be offset by the health
care costs the Republicans are sort of
giving to voters is the way they will
talk about it so let me ask you is this
sort of dependent on the race as to
whether or not they're going to sort of
push this plan to couple the tax bill
with health care costs so that's the
interesting thing we're already seeing
some ads from Democratic senators like
Joe Donnelly in Indiana which is
obviously a
voted for Trump in 2016 have ads that
are about tax reform but also about
health care so red state Democratic
senators will certainly have to walk
this line because their constituents
voted for Donald Trump in 2016 but the
real challenge is that Democrats can't
seem out of sync with voters who
ultimately think the economy is
improving overall and who are generally
happy with this tax bill so it's
district specific but overall Democrats
across the board are being encouraged to
talk about health care and the economy
because polls show time after time those
are the top two issues for voters all
across the country there's actually
going to be some some challenges for
Democrats in all this because it seems
as if a recent survey revealed president
Trump's approval rating on health care
policies and tax policies in general
have actually increased great so that is
certainly a challenge because again they
don't want to seem out of sync with what
voters are clearly thinking and feeling
as shown in these poll numbers but what
they can do is point out the specifics
of each plan whether it's health care or
the tax bill right and the economy so
they're going to say the things that you
know voters are happy about but they're
going to really have to explain in
detail what well it will ultimately look
like and I think that is a challenge
because I mean it can be boring
especially when Trump is out stumping
for Republicans and he's animated and
makes people feel things people might be
bored by sitting through the details of
what they have to hear from Democrats
but we're already seeing folks do that I
interviewed Randi Bryce who's running
against Paul Ryan and he gives a nod to
all this by saying things like I'm
running to repeal and replace Paul Ryan
and that's a nod to Republicans failed
efforts to repeal and replace the
Affordable Care Act but also an attack
on Republicans and everything they're
doing all right let me ask you really
quickly though Alex before leg-oh access
is also looking at new figures on
potential job losses of a result of
automation what are the forecasts
showing how long before the two of us
lose our job here you probably will
never survive right so there's a new
report out that shows only 10% of US
jobs could ultimately be lost completely
by automation and that is a stark
contrast from the previous most accurate
study or so people said that said 47% of
US jobs would be lost
now the
members in this new report are still
alarming because it's 38 percent overall
28% of jobs that would be changed or
altered by automation ultimately forcing
employees to undergo retraining and ten
percent that would be lost completely I
could see one day having virtual
newscasters you don't actually have to
have a person Thanks Summa Cameron live
for Thank You in Washington DC we're
gonna be reading axiom and just a little
bit and to all of our viewers out there
of course you too can sign up for the
newsletter at
Axios dot-com hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
