even look at Roseanne I called her
yesterday look at her ratings look at
her and they were unbelievable over 18
million people and it was about us they
haven't figured it out the fake news
hasn't quite figured it out yet us
welcome back to am joy ratings obsessed
former reality show star Donald Trump
was pumped about the return of the 90s
era sitcom Roseanne this week the show's
title character is a Trump supporter as
is the actor who plays our Roseanne Barr
now Barr is in some ways the patient
zero of the kind of Trump voter that has
captured the media's imagination she's
mythologized as blue collar though she's
actually well off she revels in provoke
and provoking people remember her
version of the national anthem back in
and she apparently believes conspiracy
theories about Democrats and Hillary
Clinton that track with Internet
extremists as The Daily Beast knows
Roseanne keeps promoting Q and on the
pro Trump conspiracy theory that makes
pizza gate look tame q and on as a user
on the side for Chan who according to
The Daily Beast claims to be a
high-ranking government official with
inside knowledge of the White House
where he claims Trump is planning mass
arrests of top Democrats for allegedly
being involved in wait for it
a satanic child sex trafficking ring
bars plugging of Qi on theories drew
renewed attention this Friday when she
tweeted president Trump has freed so
many children held in bondage to pimps
all over the world hundreds each month
he has broken up trafficking rings in
high places everywhere bar said that she
was talking about an actual sex
trafficking bust that have taken place
during Trump's term okay and this all
happened a few days after bar has delete
a different tweet one in which she
responded to a photo of parklands
survivor David Hall with two words Nazi
salute joining me now MSNBC contributor
Gabriel Sherman the news school's Maya
Wiley an actor and director Rob Reiner
thank you all for being here Gabe so I I
watched the first episode in half a
second episode of the show and I have to
say that my take on it tracked exactly
with Roxanne gays Roxane gay I had a
terrific piece in the New York Times the
Roseanne reboot is funny I'm not gonna
keep watching well I might not track
with all of it I didn't find it all that
funny necessarily it was interesting in
that you have this family who people
knew the Conners from the 90s who are
this blue-collar hardscrabble family but
they're sort of trying to be everything
they're both incredibly open-minded when
it comes to their gender nonconforming
grandchild they've got this black
granddaughter who they don't really
remark about her but she's just there
with everybody else and they don't say
anything about it and at the same time
there are Trump supporters or at least
Roseanne and I guess her husband are and
so it is it strikes me as the way Trump
voters want to see themselves and want
to be seen and the way that most of the
mainstream media sort of obsessively
portrays them yeah and
on top of the fact it's the way the TV
networks want to sort of tap into this
large audience that they see you know
for whatever reason feel they missed you
know the New York Times had a piece that
the day after the election ABC
executives got together and said we have
to capture this phenomenon and I think
the sort of obsessing over who these
people are misses the fact that Donald
Trump is the president let's look at
what he says and the New York Times has
been just as guilty of this as other
institutions you know covering white
supremacists that profile they did of
the white nationalists that he knows a
good father and neo does all these that
is irrelevant to the underlying politics
here yeah absolutely and you know my
it's interesting because you know
there's the Roseanne on the show who
they're trying to make all things all
that may have crammed every hot-button
per you know current issue in just the
first episode they deal with every
single hot button issue imaginable
including having her sister be a Hillary
voter who voted for Jill Stein as a
 hang on and they put it all I'm
waiting for the undocumented cousin the
undocumented cousin will be and then
they'll be so loving to order but they
still like Trump who doesn't like any of
these people and they don't you know
they don't get it but the real Roseanne
and a lot of ways to me it kind of makes
sense because she in a lot of ways does
track with at least you know a good
percentage of Trump supporters she has
these tweets going all the way back to
2012 when she tweeted reptile-like
criminals in control of our government
this is when President Obama was in
Pelosi is a reptile watch their eyes
there's a headline from the blaze which
is the Glenn Beck outlet Roseanne Barr
says Pelosi is a reptile and a criminal
and we need to vote her out she has this
paranoid view of Democrats in Hillary
Clinton she believes conspiracy theories
and she is sort of alt right in her sort
of tweaking of liberals you remember
that her infamous dressed up as Hitler
for a photo shoot now I should note that
that was smart from 2009 it was for he
magazine which is actually a Jewish sort
of satire magazine but a lot of people
were freaked out by that image where she
has little cookies in an oven so in a
way she kind of does in a sense track
with trumpism she does and I think one
aspect of trumpism that this really
underscores is fear and insecurity of a
rapidly changing world one that is
changing demographically becoming
there's not going to be one racial
majority in this country
very very soon demography is not destiny
so it doesn't mean we'll have a fully
fair world but the point is that kind of
insecurity is also feeding and driving
this very deep very divisive very scary
all right world that is a it is a zero
fact zone yeah there are no facts that
actually underlie the belief system that
is actually serving in a very disturbing
way Russian Box yeah and the Kremlin's
efforts to drive deeper divisions into
this country because there's a there's a
relationship between the pizza gate
story around Hillary Clinton and
actually this new round of the sex
crimes that apparently Trump is going
after around Democrats that's actually
one story that's not separate stories
and it's fundamentally about propaganda
yeah and cue and on this person that
didn't you know that also Rosenberg has
liked his tweets on Twitter also has
this whole developed theory that there
is no Russia gate that it's a fake
investigation it's really an
investigation of Democrats it's insane
if you go into like the warm all of it
but Rob on the point of what that what
this show seems to be trying to do we
have been here before
obviously the brilliant Norman Lear did
this really well in in in the early
1970s and all in the family in which you
were a star and at that point though do
you feel like what what what Lear was
trying to do what all in the family was
trying to do with Archie Bunker
navigating a changing world and a
changing demography was somehow
materially different from what Roseanne
is doing well it's it's different in a
very very significant way in that in
this case you have Roseanne who is
essentially that character I mean are
you know Carroll O'Connor was even far
more left than I was I mean so we were
satirizing this whole thing she takes it
to a different level because we didn't
have social media in those days you can
push out a message like she did with
this cue and on and and the storm and
all of that and that takes on a
tremendous power so that you have you
know Fox News and and Sinclair and
Breitbart and Infowars and all of this
which used to be considered and thought
of as the you know the lunatic fringe if
you will have now become mainstream
media and you have a situation where the
truthful journalists people who are
pursuing the truth are diminished and
then you have this problem where
democracy is really in trouble and I
would go to Maya's point which i think
is really the core of all of this it
goes back to the original sin of this
country which is slavery and we are
fighting this last battle of the Civil
War and those people who are the
alt-right the white supremacist are
hanging on for dear life and they're
using these propaganda tools which are
not just you know like I say lunatic
fringe they're now invading us and you
guys in the mainstream media seeking the
truth are really a fighting an uphill
battle this is the this is a real battle
right here for the soul of democracy
yeah and it is interesting mind because
when you know went back when all the
family was happening and you had these
sort of early that this is the early
Nixon era where you have a Southern
Strategy developing we had a lot of
insecurities I mean all of it was that
in queens model was on Nixon's blacklist
yeah well there you know there is we
need to do a segment about that but I
mean there was not the amplification you
know that to Rob's point you had Nixon's
ability to get in and sort of tweet
these anxieties and you had the ability
of the right to use them but now they
have an added megaphone because you do
have these dedicated I mean Nixon wanted
to have a Fox News but he did that's
right and and remember how Donald Trump
won the election was by earned media and
social media he actually didn't earn it
in any of the conventional ways that
we've seen a successful presidential
candidate typically win and a lot of
this is about how do we take back our
democracy when we have much less ability
to ensure that we identify and
understand what the facts are and
actually come together as a community of
people around our differences to find
our common ground social media has
actually become a space that's breaking
that apart more than pulling that
together I want to play a quick quick
clip from the show that I'm going to
a question for you Gabe um let's play
this is Rosanna satirizing the whole
take a knee phenomenon hey everybody
this is the first dinner together we've
had as a family a long time let's try to
survive it yeah first let's say grace
Jackie would you like to take a knee
you know III I just can't help feeling
it gave that this is almost a sitcom
version of what the mainstream media is
doing on a daily basis of sort of trying
to ennoble the the base that Donald
Trump has and really sort of obsessively
trying to ennoble him what do you think
having a sitcom doing the same thing and
by the way where it was popular it's
just in the middle of the country it did
really well got 18 million viewers but
it was not even in the top 20 on the
coasts I think a lot of this you know
touches on the fact that people on the
coast feel with the election Donald
Trump what happened to this country and
rather than actually then just
highlighting his politics which I find
you know offensive and out of the
mainstream it's this effort to normalize
and to understand and I put that in
quotes rather than just again focus on
what he is actually doing to the country
a lot of this goes back do you look at
the phenomenon of JD Vance's book being
a mega bestseller this you know
obsession with you know who are these
people and Frank Rich has done a lot of
good writing on this in New York
magazine that's saying basically forget
trying to understand them this is a
shrinking part of the population that
has retrograde views and we should focus
on how to move the country forward
yeah and Rob you know at the same time
because that that you know desire to
normalize there's this powerful impulse
in the media to normalize the President
of the United States to fit him into the
concept of normal and to ennoble his
base we've had this long tradition of
taking the white working-class and sort
of putting them on a pedestal and Donald
Trump did that in his campaign a show
like this in your view can it have the
impact that Donald Trump really wants
he's so happy about it because I think
he believes this will normalize him this
will ennoble his base in the minds of a
lot of Americans yeah I think I think it
can help him because you have the star
of the show
essentially outside the show trumpeting
all of the things that Donald Trump
stands for so it's not like you you know
you can separate in in television I mean
you know there's there's room for a red
state blue state show certainly those
arguments are going on around
tables all over the country but when you
take the main character and that person
is a personification of trumps point of
view then that puts that idea forward
now 18 million people that's a lot of
people and when you couple that like I
say with info wars and Breitbart and and
Sinclair and Fox and all that you have a
tremendous megaphone this is not a dog
whistle anymore this is a dog you know
born here and would stay with you just
for a second Rob because you've worked
in the studio system you're familiar
with the you know the sort of hollow
system how much tolerance would a studio
like ABC what would a company like
Disney essentially have for outside of
her show Roseanne Barr continuing to
essentially channel info wars and 4chan
and be a conspiracy theorist and
tweeting about lizard people and pizza
gate type conspiracies how much risk
taught me they've just renewed her show
after two episodes right this is the
critical question here because we saw
what happened when Laura Ingraham said
those things about David Hagen you saw
advertisers you know fleeing like crazy
now you're gonna have ABC and and Disney
you know dealing with this kind of thing
they're gonna have to walk a very fine
line and I got a I got a feeling they're
gonna try to rein Roseanne in outside
the show because they're gonna run into
some very very severe problems if you
see any of those you know tweets that
she's putting out outside the show
because those things bleed audiences
have a hard time did you know
distinguishing between a character on
television and something they see in
real life this blurs that line
eliminates that look so we'll see what
happens and we'll see how they handle it
and she will be a very difficult person
to keep under wraps into silence so
they're gonna have a challenge on their
hands apparently not for two seasons
Gabe is gonna be back with us thank you
so much to Maya Wylie and Rob Reiner
friends of the show thank you guys happy
Easter and Happy Passover and more am
joy coming up
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
