Americans want their president to be
evangelical Christians want the
president to be pastoral we like that
but that isn't really the job assignment
the job assignment is to keep us safe
that's the primary thing people knew
this was back in O 7 I think this
accusation people knew the accusations
against the president before he was
elected and they said actually we care
about security actually we care about
the economy this is not a poster boy
election for the evangelical world polls
show a majority of conservative
evangelical Trump supporters have found
ways to stand by their man even amid
scandals from multiple allegations of
sexual misconduct to the alleged hush
money paid to store McDaniels the porn
star who says that she had an affair
with Trump in 2006 just after Trump's
third wife Melania gave birth to his
fifth child one wonders just what will
be in those Easter Sunday Sermons this
morning and joining me now his religious
reform activists Frank Schaefer he's the
author of the book why I am an atheist
who believes in God and Frank thank you
for being here happy Easter to you and
you wrote a piece that is titled this
Easter America's evangelicals no longer
believe in the risen Lord but in the alt
reality of their porn star pres please
do explain sir well thank you joy and
happy Easter to you too and what I would
say is that I grew up in the religious
right I was a religious right activist
in the 70s and 80s with my father
Francis Schaeffer who was one of the
founders of the religious right along
with Jerry Falwell and back in those
days long before I left the religious
Rite and became a progressive activist
who tends to vote for Democratic
candidates these days our emphasis was
on personal morality and accountability
and of course everything has changed now
and what has happened is is that
evangelicals have folded the belief that
Trump has been given to America by God
into their theology so you can no more
argue with an evangelical today about
his presidency or whether he is a good
person or should be President or what he
does or his brutality or his lie
and convince them of it you'd have the
same difficulty as you would in arguing
them out of a theological position what
secular observers don't realize is this
has become a matter of theology for
evangelicals and as such all the
political arguments in fact facts
themselves do not apply evangelicals are
absolutist they don't believe in paradox
you know you mentioned my book why I'm
an atheist who believes in God that
title denotes a sense that there is
paradox in this world and that people
who are certainty addict's tend to do
bad things for instance I've never heard
of anybody blowing up an abortion clinic
or a white police officer shooting a
black man or someone bombing a mosque
after they shout but I could be wrong
and that's the problem with evangelicals
today they never think about the
alternative and so since Trump has been
accepted as part of their absolutist
theology there's no arguing with it and
that is why they're going to support him
to the bitter end and to your point if
you look at the polling a new Pew poll
on terms of wool rating white
evangelicals stand out among even other
religious people white mainline
Protestants netsupport Trump but it's
more of almost 50/50 black Protestants
overwhelmingly oppose including black
evangelicals and Catholics you know sort
of 60 almost 6040 or against Donald
Trump why is it that white evangelicals
if everyone has the same sort of core
theological basis are alone in being so
absolutely supportive of Donald Trump
despite all of his flaws well it's not
just the white evangelicals the
conservative Roman Catholics like Laura
Ingraham for instance you know she had
me on her show a few years ago when I
had written a book about my son being in
the Marine Corps so she thought I must
be more conservative than I am because I
respect military service but look at her
she's a convert to Catholicism and here
we are in Holy Week culminating in
Easter and she chooses this time to mock
a teenager who stood up against gun
violence juxtaposed that was the last
thing you had on this program before
talking to me and that wasn't a report
on Pope Francis here's someone who had
breast cancer who survived it Nora
Ingram dead
saying after she had breast cancer that
she was going to re-examine her life and
dedicate herself to higher things look
at the fall that she has taken now a
poster child for imitating Donald
Trump's ugly intolerance imagine that in
Holy Week at the time when Christians
around the world are saying he is risen
truly He is risen answers the other
Christian and who do we hate next is the
evangelical or conservative Roman
Catholic view to the point of mocking
kids who stand against violence think
about that joy that's where we are the
mentality today is we follow Trump not
just into the gutter with his pornstar
presidency and the filth of his own past
life and his mob connections and the
rest of it we even now find these
leaders following him into the
intolerance where it is okay in their
view to mock a teen who stands on
violence that's where we are this Easter
morning so one saying Happy Easter it's
not a Happy Easter we are in a moment of
betrayal of the teaching of Jesus that
was the watershed I speak of this as a
Christian the watershed in the ethical
development of human consciousness that
put your neighbor first and lifted
humility up as something to be admired
we have an arrogant president who
disrespects people and those who follow
him are now imitating this vile behavior
in Holy Week and at Easter no less
that's where America is this Easter
morning and I have to play on that note
Jerry Falwell Jr who Styles himself as a
I believe as a Christian is an
evangelical he would I believe consider
himself to be a moral man this is him on
CNN on Wednesday this is post the stormy
Daniels interview on CNN talking about
Donald Trump and at throwing Bill
Clinton in I still go back to the issues
I think we just like with Bill Clinton
many of his supporters stuck with him no
matter what he was accused of even even
rape I believe he was accused of and
it's you know it's it's it's a
hypothetical question so I can't really
answer it but hypothetically you would
be okay with even that is that what
you're opening the door to rape
I'm just saying I would have to wait and
see the circumstances to make that
judgment so just to be clear for our
audience and that was Jerry Falwell Jr
saying that he couldn't definitively say
he would stop supporting Donald Trump if
he was accused of rape well of course I
knew Jerry Falwell Jr when he was a
young man because I spoke at his
father's church at Liberty Baptist when
I was in the religious right myself and
if you had told Jerry Falwell senior
that his son would be talking this way
thirty some years after Falwell senior
form the quote moral majority he would
have been shocked but the fact is joy
where we are this morning is not that
Trump sleeps with has sex with porn
stars or that this is the problem the
problem is his policies his racism his
bigotry his hatred separating families
grabbing seven-year-old little girls
away from their mothers saying that he's
going to nuke people forget all the porn
star president stuff for a minute that's
just a good handle on how far these
evangelical self righteous people were
the lure Ingram's of this world will go
the real issue is his policies toward
the least of these that in this epiphany
of wisdom Jesus held up as those we
should treasure and mark and judge a
civilization by how they treat these
folks so when you're living in a country
where a black man can be shot with
impunity and nothing happens to the
police force that does it we have a
problem and when you're living somewhere
where the the the dreamers are being
separated from their families we have a
problem that's where the Christians have
denied Jesus this Easter yeah indeed
Frank Schaeffer it's always a pleasure
talking to you and and you're right it's
problematic we need to we need to have a
more really connect you back and
hopefully be able to have you back on
and talk about the other side of this
because there are things like the Poor
People's Campaign that are trying to
bring back the other side which is also
rooted in Christian principles thank you
sir Happy Easter thank you thank you and
coming up in our next hour the return of
Rose Ann Moore am joy after the break
hey there are Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
