David first of all you know our our
thoughts our thoughts and prayers sound
after a while like very trite and clich√©
but as I was in my kitchen watching this
today and I have three kids I you just
want to break down and cry but there's
so much bravery on the part of students
and teachers including according to
reports at least one who died it's that
that that does give us some hope in
humanity but tell us what happened and
what you heard unfold as you were in
school today so the first thing that I
heard was one single gunshot we
initially thought it was a drill but it
turned out to be anything but good
morning and welcome back to am joy Fox
News host Laura Ingraham significantly
changed her tune since she interviewed
parkland survivor David Hogg last month
and is now going on vacation to avoid
the brewing scandal over her petty
attack on one of the child survivors of
a school shooting on Wednesday Ingram
fired off a tweet mocking the 17 year
olds college admissions status but Hobbs
response ensured that Ingram would not
have the last word he wrote so Ingraham
angle what are your biggest advertisers
asking for a friend
hashtag boycott Ingram adverts well the
advertisers weren't about to wait for
any boycotts to begin in short order
from TripAdvisor to Hulu to Nestle 16
companies have pulled their ads from
Ingram show and the list continues to
grow after the ad evacuation Ingram
tweeted an apology on Thursday in the
spirit of Holy Week for the hurt that
her tweet caused hog or any of the brave
victims of parkland
hog has not accepted her apology saying
it was too little too late and meanwhile
he and his classmates are keeping up
their fight and will not be distracted
joining me now to discuss their movement
our Marjory Stoneman Douglas students
Kyra Simon Ryan deach and Chris Grady
thank you all for being here and Ryan
I'm gonna start with you on this first
because your friend David hog was
attacked by Laura Ingraham
and she then apologized and pegged it to
Holy Week this was his response when I
play his response which was on CNN in an
interview where he was asked whether he
accepts that apology do you accept her
apology no she's only apologizing after
a third of her advertisers pulled out
and I think it's really disgusting the
fact that she basically tried promoting
her show after apologize or apologizing
to me
I think it's wrong and I think if she
really wants to do something she could
cover things like inner-city violence
and the real issues that we have in Iraq
I know she's a talk show host but I said
she also has a responsibility to show
both sides of a story you know and he
tweeted about around midnight this
morning at Laura Ingraham have some
healthy reflections this Holy Week and
Ryan you know there have been some on
the right who've been criticizing your
movement they never again movement for
using boycotts and threats of advertiser
boycotts as a tactic in this wrestling
match over gun reform do you think that
it is unfair for David to have gone in
that direction with Laura Ingraham I
mean David has every right to do
everything he does is anybody else I
mean when it comes down to it Laura
Ingraham attacked high school shooter
survivor and that's just wrong and all
we're trying to do all the movement all
everybody who supports us they're trying
to do is to create a morally just
society because that's what we're taught
that's what we were preached at while we
were younger and all we're trying to do
is practice what we preach and Kyra you
know David mentioned the idea of
covering multiple sides of this story in
terms of gun violence and you've been
somebody who's really tried to broaden
the conversation that the right wants to
have about arming teachers that people
who are really unnerved by the power
that the NRA has about wanting to do
things like Van assault-style weapons
you tweeted this on Thursday when
militarizing school campuses you have to
be cognizant of who will be left in the
crosshairs black and minority youth are
disproportionately targeted by law
enforcement being on school campus just
switches the setting happy that we're
finally having our voices heard run that
out just a little bit we're in this
moment we're talking again about police
violence it's not on school campuses but
it's very real for the
lives matter movement do you do you feel
like we're like weary in the media or
doing a good enough job of addressing
that particular concern I feel like now
we're starting to get towards that
conversation initially after the
shooting it began with school shootings
and then it broaden out to gun violence
throughout America there is police
brutality there's gun violence every day
in inner-city communities and it's not
getting the sort of attention speaking
about arming having a heightened
security on school campus that puts the
black youth on campus in danger in a
sense I don't believe that every officer
would target minority youth but if you
look at the statistics if you look in
the headlines every day whether it's
subconsciously officers racially
profiled the people that come towards
them and black youth are out of danger
for that yeah and I want to play just a
little bit of a town hall that was held
in parkland I believe my former station
WTVJ was there in some other local media
and here are some of the black MSD
students I'm holding that press
conference on Wednesday black lives
matter movement has been addressing this
topic since the murder of Trayvon Martin
in 2012 yet we have never seen this kind
of support for our cause and we surely
do not feel that the lives or voices of
minorities are valued as much as those
of our white counterparts it's estimated
that one in three police officers suffer
from untreated post-traumatic stress
disorder when mentally ill police
officers are invited to safeguard a
traumatized student body that becomes a
recipe for disaster and so Kyra III
presume that that means that you know in
that part of the movement or do you guys
have agreement across that never again
movement across the MSD students about
this issue of arming teachers even if
for different reasons I definitely feel
like we're all in the same page is it
obviously after the tragedy it's a lot
of anxiety and stress that should not be
on campus it's unwarranted and a lot of
kids are iffy and they're on the line on
if teachers should have weapons on
campus after what happened yeah
absolutely and we know that Ryan you've
also come out against that as well I
want to go to Chris Chris Grady you guys
have also added to your movement
actually not even added to it from the
very beginning you guys have made voting
a ver
important component even if some of you
are not yet old enough to vote this new
part of your movement called the parents
promise to kids and it is a voting
pledge that you guys are expanding to
your parents and grandparents can you
talk a little bit about that Chris what
is the intent behind that yeah as you
said a lot of us are not of age to vote
yet a lot of the kids you know at my
school aren't but you know they want to
be involved so basically what it is is
their parents promising their children
that they're gonna do their civic duty
by going out and vote and the kids are
gonna be holding the parents responsible
and making sure that they're out there
on Election Day doing their job yeah and
how old are you how old are you Chris I
am 19 you're a no so you're voting age
in Kyra how old are you 17 17 almost are
you are you gonna make 18 by November no
I'm in January yeah in January and how
about you Ryan I'm 18 I turned 18 in
November but I got this one down okay so
Ryan I'm gonna stick with you just a
moment because you know you guys have
all of these different components of
what you're doing you've got the gun
reform side you've got the voting side
you've got these questions of arming
teachers what are you doing next as a
collective what should we look for as
the next sort of touch point in your
movement I mean there's plenty going on
there's the town halls being organized
during the congressional recess over the
next couple of weeks there's a national
school walkout coming out on 4/20 the
anniversary of Columbine there's just so
many things going on until the midterm
elections this year that we want to make
sure that we educate the high school
level the collegiate level we just want
to make sure that kids everywhere have
the voice that they were given that they
have the voice that they deserve because
America is a country that we we preach
democracy we talk about the fact that
every voice matters every vote counts
but then for years we've been given this
narrative that takes that away and like
we try to make sure that this this is
not a subject of race is not subjective
creed this is not a subject of any of
it is a subject that people are dying
that people all over this country are
dying because of these weapons because
of these things and we just need to make
sure that we put a stop to that we need
to make sure that people are safe not
only in a school not only in a movie
theater not only in a church but all
over like people walking home from
school should not have to be looking
over their shoulder constantly they
should not be living in this fear and
this fear is everywhere and it's
preached over the media it's preached
over our politicians like to bite fear
monger and we're done with
fear-mongering we just want to make sure
that people unify that people use their
voice and that people feel the power
that they were always given yeah
absolutely and uh Chris have you heard
from your local congressperson to show
up to the town hall that will be in the
Parkland area I haven't heard anything
as far as whether or not he'll be there
but I I have a pretty good feeling he
will be we've been working very closely
with congressman Deutsch and he's been
one of our biggest supporters so and
we're very grateful to him so maybe we
think we'll see him there in Carroll
what's the takeaway message that you
want people to have this morning
regarding the purpose of the never never
again movement I hope that people are
able to see that this isn't more of a
political issue it's a moral issue where
we want to protect the lives of children
not only children but everyone in the
country that deals with gun violence on
a daily there's a lot of people that
don't get news headlines they don't get
media coverage they get brush under the
rug and I feel that they all deserve a
voice and we're uniting the country and
speaking out against gun violence and
working towards moving for humanity
rather than political issues
well the NRA has the likes of Ted Nugent
the sort of side for gun reform insanity
has you guys you guys are brilliant
thank you very much for being here we
really appreciate your time have a happy
Easter and Passover to Chris Craig to
YouTube thank you Chris Grady Kyra Simon
and Ryan deach bright kids and up next
the NRA ties to Republicans may not be
their most troubling relationship
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
