these actions were not minor deviations
from policy as they contributed to the
outcome that resulted in the death of
another human being our police officers
are held to a higher standard
fear cannot be a driver for an officer's
response to every incident in Baton
Rouge Louisiana just release body camera
footage shows police officer Blaine
Salamone screaming profanities and
threatening to kill Alton Stirling
before fatally shooting him six times in
July of 2016
now we want to warn you that this
footage is disturbing the video was kept
under wraps for nearly two years but was
released on Friday after officer
Salamone was fired from the police
department the officer who helped
wrestle sterling to the ground how we
Lake was suspended for three days
Louisiana Attorney General Jeff Landry
announced on Tuesday that neither
officer will face criminal charges Paul
Butler legal analyst Georgetown law
professors back with me he's the author
of the book chokehold policing black men
and also joining us is dr. Philip atiba
golf professor of policing equity at
John Jay College of Criminal Justice and
gentlemen thank you for being here I
want to start by playing you Jeff Landry
former Tea Party congressman Republican
congressman turned Attorney General of
Louisiana and this is what he said about
non not prosecuting either of these
officers on Tuesday after a thorough and
exhaustive review of evidence the facts
that can be established beyond a
reasonable doubt the law and
jurisprudence in a state Louisiana and
obligations of prosecutors under the
code of Professional Conduct the
Louisiana Department of Justice cannot
proceed with a prosecution of either
officer Lake or officer Salamone so I'm
gonna I'm gonna get to the question of
non prosecuted with Paul there's a
second but Phil I want to start with you
on this all of this time over almost two
years now we have been led to believe
that there was no body camera footage
because they're body cameras quote fell
off we now find the
there is footage from both officers that
there's sound that you can hear the
gunshots the screaming the profanities
the threats that there's ninety seconds
between the start of the confrontation
and former officer Salamone escalating
putting a gun to Alton Sterling's head
and then throat get tasing him twice
getting him down on the ground where
he's pinned screaming gun gun gun one of
the two of them and then shooting him
six times in the back can you this makes
no sense to me at all you you were
telling me in the break that this is the
same police chief who's now fired
Salamone is not the same police chief
who told us there was no body cam
footage that's correct
since the shooting there's a new mayor
mayor Broome who ran in part on a
message of police reform there's a new
chief chief Paul who you saw there who
has tried to take the tack that says
look if you're afraid for your life
maybe this is the wrong job for you that
policing is an inherently dangerous job
and if you're afraid of black people
generally we don't want you here but
it's difficult for him to be able to say
the best thing I can do is fire you as
the price of taking a black life when
you escalated the conflict when you were
not necessarily truthful in your report
that's the best that he's got and in
many departments across the country that
wouldn't be the end of the story right
because the officer would then sue to
get back on the job and in many cases
they're able to get back on the job
because union contract set it up that
way and the state attorney general set
it up Salamone is already appealing it
but by the way this fear for my life I
thought he had a gun or he had a gun I
feared for my life I thought I was this
is what all police say in every single
police shooting everywhere in the
country so the idea that one chief says
if you're afraid for your life you
shouldn't be a cop what does that say
about the rest of the police all over
the country would get involved in
shootings I'd say the same thing they
all say that that's exactly right this
is not an isolated incident one of the
things that is so frustrating for those
of us who've been working on policing
since before it ever made the headlines
is that you have somebody in the White
House who after the Sacramento shooting
of Stephon Clarke yeah says this is a
local issue tell me that that doesn't
sound like states rights to you tell me
that doesn't sound like the original
dog-whistle of racism to you when it's
that when they say you know what if they
can deal with that locally as if this
hasn't been a pattern for the last
several years I understand why with the
democracy in crisis we have to focus on
what's going on between Russia and the
white house
but no one has stopped the killing no
one has stopped dying at the hands of
law enforcement and there are good folks
trying to get this turned around and set
up in the right direction we work with
those folks all the time but without the
the backing of a national element to
this yeah there's not money to organize
there's not power to organize and you
see folks on the ground who are just
demoralized I talked to the folks that
are in Baton Rouge who have felt like
maybe there's gonna be some hope with
the new mayor and the new chief and they
are just despondent I got text messages
last night from officers and council
members saying I don't know how to have
hope tomorrow right yeah I mean every
police officer I know and I know a
police chief and I know police officers
none of them want to serve with an
officer like Salamone but he could
easily just go get another job and be in
fear for his life at another town and
endanger other people I want to play for
you Paul Chris Stewart L Chris Stewart
who is the attorney for the sterling
family visit him on Friday we had heard
from the DOJ and from the attorney
general's office but really from the DOJ
that officer Salamone language and
actions were outrageous we didn't know
that they were so help hateful if you
watch the surveillance video and listen
to the body cam footage it's someone's
palpitating with hate and you and I both
watched it it is it is I mean I
recommend that people go online and
really listen to it it's incredible that
that somebody's screaming obscenities at
a person they then shoot after
threatening to shoot them in the head
and then fill them with let's shoot him
six times while they're pinned to the
ground how on earth Paul as an attorney
as a how can that not result in
prosecution I don't get it as a
prosecutor who's taken hundreds of cases
to trial I would have gotten a
conviction in that case I would tell the
jury that sometimes you can believe your
own eyes sometimes you have to call an
act of murder murder and that's what we
saw in that video the police officer
calls mr. sterling everything but the
n-word wrestles them to the ground and
then threatens them with a Taser and
then shoots him several times again but
isn't there a Supreme Court precedent
that says just the fact that there was a
gun that sterling had a gun on him he
really couldn't access and he's pinned
to the ground and tased
doesn't the the sort of weight of the
law still weight on the officer side
almost exclusively in these cases only
if the officer reasonably feared for his
life which is why in most cases jurors
will give the benefit of the doubt to
prosecutors but with this video we see a
whole different story if a black man had
done this to a police officer they'd be
coming for the death penalty yeah this
at mostess officer will lose his license
to be a cop again what this prosecutor
did was gutless this prosecutor proved
that to helm mr. Sterling's life does
not matter yeah and he may lose his
license but Phillip don't don't we
understand that this guy can just move
to another town to be a cop again yeah I
want to be clear on with how the
licensure works it's by department by
department so there's no license to lose
he just lost his job
the next department over that is post
certified can say you can come on yeah
right
one day rice case was exactly that
exactly left out and in two seconds
gunned down a twelve-year-old child
who's holding a toy literally had been
turfed out of another department and
never should have been hired they said
that in Cleveland he think it's fired
for lying on his application and is
still eligible to be a cop somewhere
else I want to be clear on my part that
look that you didn't show from the chief
and in Baton Rouge he says that it's
really important that you be in control
of your temperament you be in control of
your anger because it's difficult as it
is to watch that and to watch the
threats as they're going in and it
escalates almost instantly once he has
been shot and killed he curses the dead
body on the ground
for a good 30 seconds afterwards until
someone comes along says you're done
yeah get out of here
that's part of the reason why he was
terminated just really quickly before we
go there was a funding issue that you
wanted to bring up that's right so we've
we've kept criminal justice moving for
for the last several months despite the
fact that there's been a change in
transition at the White House but most
of that criminal justice funding and
crimp most of that movement has been on
bail and on prosecutors about 200
million dollars it's about 10 to 15
million dollars on police reform yeah so
that means we have to go to the to the
federal government for money
yeah the federal government is not
hearing any of that so as we move this
forward unfortunately policing is
getting left behind and lastly a last
word to you on this Paul is there's
clearly a civil case here there's a
civil case but there's also a long case
about prosecutors people prosecutors are
important the mayor is important the
police chief is important but a
prosecutor with
tegrity would have could have brought
this case gotten a conviction the guy's
name is Jeff Landry if you are a voter
in Louisiana you need to know that he is
an elected official you can elect these
prosecutors and they I hate to tell you
they ate all Republicans some of them
are Democrats too and in some of these
cases the Tamir rice case the Michael
Brown case Democrat a Republican you
better know who you're electing because
these people have the power to decide
whether a police officer can remain on
the force somewhere else and put other
people's lives in danger it is a
outrageous honestly and if you see that
video you will be as outraged as we here
at this table are Philippa Tebow Goff
Paul Butler thank you very much we're
gonna have more on this story and also
the shooting death of Stephon Clark on
the show tomorrow and coming up on am
joy how the Parkland kids have managed
in less than one week to do what it took
others what others have not been able to
do for decades particularly when it
comes to certain hosts on a certain
network and senator Amy Klobuchar will
join me live on set stay with us
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
