judge Cavanaugh testified in front of
the Senate Judiciary Committee that way
getting into contentious exchanges of
course with Democratic senators you're
prepared for an FBI investigate on
treats conclusions you reach the
conclusion they do investigate questions
did the word Ralph you used our unity
answer question if you're gonna relate
to alcohol I like beer for that I like
beer I don't know if you'd okay like
beer senator um what do you like to
dressed one is senator what are you a
nudge oh you're saying there's never
been a case where you drink so much that
you didn't remember what happened the
night before or part of what happened
that's you're asking about yeah blackout
I don't know have you could you answer
the question judge I just so you that's
not happened is that your answer
yeah and I'm curious if you have I have
no drinking problem
well after watching that hearing Mark
Osler a yale law school classmate of
Cavanaugh's who had originally supported
this nomination retracted his support in
a letter written with another yale law
school classmate he wrote having watched
those hearings we must withdraw our
support for judge Cavanaugh's
confirmation mark Ostler this is
Professor st. Thomas Law School joins us
down professor thank you for joining us
and tell me how it's going through your
mind from the beginning of this a couple
weeks ago to now what you do oppose the
nomination well I originally signed the
letter supporting judge Cavanaugh
because I knew him I liked him when we
were in law school and I knew that he
had a good reputation on the the court
of appeals I talked to some people were
practitioners there they said he was
fair the hired good clerks
then we got into the hearings and what I
saw last Thursday was pretty distressing
I'm someone who teaches now I teach law
students and I teach advocacy and we
view the Supreme Court as kind of the
Roman Colosseum and to see that kind of
process associated with the Supreme
Court and what we saw from Breck having
on that day a week ago is deeply
troubling you know it's amazing for an
EIN lawyer like me and everybody else I
want a lot of other people
when we watch the Supreme Court debate
we love that period of arguments it's
just it's crisp it's sharp there's no
wasted words the economic words is
fabulous the people speak of logic you
get it and and that calls for a certain
kind of I guess temperament right
absolutely and it's not just the
temperament that they show with the
litigants but they're part of the larger
sphere of those who control our
government they have to interact with
the other branches of government and one
of the things we saw with the
interchange last week was judge
Cavanaugh having or that kind of
troubling discourse with a co-equal
branch of government and that added to
the the weight of what's troubling a lot
of people I think well Mike let me know
what you think of this at an event today
in Florida former Supreme Court Justice
John Paul Stevens who's a TSA 98 now
said that last day's leagues hearings
caused him to change his mind on
Kavanagh let's watch the qualifications
for people to be sit on the Supreme
Court
the hearings caused me to change my mind
and he has demonstrated a potential bias
and that the senator should really pay
attention to it that was the guy who
wrote the majority opinion in a row I
think ever going way back within Stevens
guy what let me ask you about what you
saw I thought I wonder you know we had
to have the look we had to live through
you and I we all did live through Bush v
Gore back in 2000 which I thought was a
political decision right I mean the
remedy was funk was 5'4 and it was give
the election there was to Bush the
Republicans so the five for Republican
Court gave it to a Republican candidate
I guess that we're not supposed to act
that way at least you're allowed to vote
that way would not act that way I'm
being a little bit facetious here but if
this guy Cavanaugh had sat on the court
back then he was said screw the Clintons
we're going with this guy I mean almost
it's almost the way he was talking your
thoughts well we we have to hope that
won't be the case if he is confirmed but
you know it with justice Stevens saying
that no one needs to talk to me
in look at what Stephens did when he was
on the court as well in my own field of
sentencing the decision that made the
biggest difference in my lifetime was
Booker in 2005 and that was Scalia and
Stevens on the same side working
together in that opinion and I'm not
sure that we are going to see that that
kind of collaboration and crossing of
lines if this political division
continues hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
