day 435 of the Trump administration and
as another week comes to an end there is
a new figure at the center of the latest
development tonight in the Russia matter
our NBC News investigative unit reports
earlier this week Muller's investigators
detained questioned and then served a
subpoena to a trump ally named Ted Malek
when he arrived at Boston's Logan
Airport from his home in England Malick
is an American he's a Trump ally
informal advisor who has just finished a
book called the plot to destroy Trump
how the deep state fabricated the
Russian dossier to subvert the president
he's also a break set supporter with
ties to the British leader of that
movement Nigel Faraj in 2016 just days
after the election Malick spoke with the
BBC about Donald Trump I've been
involved in the campaign for over a year
now yeah I think the media gets Trump
wrong almost constantly so I think when
it's all said and done if we're sitting
here eight years from now the world will
be a safer in a better place the economy
would have grown and we would have
rebuilt American infrastructure that's
what Trump will be no I mean I think
that there will be a very interesting
relationship between Russia United
States now between Putin and Trampas as
a powerful world leaders whether it's a
bromance I think is to be decided but I
think that will be a much healthier
situation we got part of that right it's
an interesting relationship at least
fast-forward to his encounter this week
at Logan up in Boston with the FBI
according to a statement that Malick
emailed to NBC News will quote hear two
FBI agents told him he was being
detained to answer questions related to
the special counsels investigation
he said they told him it was a felony to
lie to the FBI and he told them he would
gladly cooperate according to Malick the
agents also produced a document allowing
them to seize and search his cell phone
Malick added quote the questions got
more detailed about my involvement in
the Trump campaign which was informal
and unpaid whom I communicated with whom
I knew and how well Malick said they
asked him about former Trump campaign
adviser Roger stone all
Jerome Corsi and WikiLeaks Malik said he
told them he met with stone a a total of
three times and always with groups of
people he said he was asked if he had
ever visited the Ecuadorian embassy in
London where WikiLeaks founder Julian
Assange has been living since 2012 and
he replied no Malik also said the agent
served him a subpoena from Muller's team
that had been issued that day March 28th
to appear for questioning on April 13th
earlier on this network former federal
prosecutor Harry Littman put this latest
development into context it's this
breathless kind of new development that
shows you know Mahler's not thinking
about the red line the blue line the
yellow line he's just thinking about the
finish line and plumbing the depths of
everything that is involved here I'm
sure to Trump's great chagrin we're back
in Tom Clancy territory with a very rich
complicated brew centering around the
2016 release of the WikiLeaks documents
and just to recap here on a Friday night
what we've learned on the Russia front
as we close out another week it was
reported that John Dowd president
Trump's former lead lawyer in this
Russia case spoke last summer with
lawyers for Michael Flynn and Paul Mann
afford about the possibility of
presidential pardons we learned from a
court filing one time trump campaign
aide Rick Gates was in contact during
the 16 campaign with a business
associate tied to Russian intelligence
and it's being reported that Muller is
asking questions about contacts between
the Trump team and Russians out of all
places the Cleveland 2016 Republican
National Convention and the president's
legal team got smaller this week just as
it was about to get larger by two
attorneys Joe to Geneva and his wife
Victoria Tenzing backed out after saying
they would represent the president in
exiting they cited conflicts as the
reason the two are also representing an
important witness in the Muller
investigation former spokesman for
Trump's legal team named Mark Carroll oh
it's a lot and for more we turn to our
leadoff panel on a
Matt Apuzzo pol√≠tica a Pulitzer
prize-winner in New York Times reporter
and MSNBC contributor Tamara Keith White
House correspondent for NPR Matthew
Nussbaum White House reporter for
Politico well good evening and welcome
all three of you Matt Apuzzo it's a hell
of a thing I'm tempted to stay on Holy
Week the terrible Swift sword of the
federal government when feds act when
you witness it it is striking to watch I
can't imagine what it's like to be the
guy surrounded it Logan your phone is
taken what it's like to be the folks in
that concourse who watch this go down
but we it's it's never uninteresting
around the Muller investigation well
that's right and the power of the
federal government is very much on
display here look I think what what all
these developments is week's show at
least for me is that the question of
collusion or conspiracy or whatever we
want to call it is still very much in
play as far as Bob Muller is concerned I
mean he's asking about essentially
contacts between or potential contacts
between the Trump campaign and WikiLeaks
which obviously we know was the the
vehicle that was used to disseminate
those hacked emails related to the DNC
and the Hillary Clinton campaign the
fact that he's asking about that still I
mean where we're going on one year in
tells me he is absolutely not foreclose
the idea of the collusion or conspiracy
between the Trump campaign and Russian
intelligence operatives so that is very
much a live issue even as the the
Republicans on Capitol Hill are saying
it's over and done with
no we've got no evidence of collusion
he's asking questions and let's not
forget Roger stone that trump advisor
campaign advisor we know he was in
contact with the Twitter account that
was run by gusoff er 2.0 which was front
for Russian intelligence operatives to
disseminate to hack email so this is uh
this is live the the question of
collusion is still very much live and
Tamara as is the case with film
directors I don't imagine Muller is
going in order
I think he's shooting out of sequence
and when you think about it papa
da polis Flynn gates cooperating this
tangent brings us back to the campaign
era along with some other developments
this week yes so we're we're back in the
campaign and you know if he if they are
in fact asking about Julian Assange that
does go back to that intelligence
assessment that came out more than a
year ago that that said you know
WikiLeaks was you know a venue to get
these hacked emails out to the public
via Russia and and so as matt said then
this is this is a live issue this is
ongoing and and I think the challenging
thing with with any one witness that you
learn about or or any of these these
little pieces is that we don't see the
whole picture and Muller's team does and
and we don't and so it's it can be
hazardous to read too much into any one
data point along the way and Tamra's you
and I have discussed we see actually so
little and everyone who's had any
contact with Muller on either side of
the ball comes away saying he has
everything they have everything yeah all
right Matthew Nussbaum we keep reading
these accounts that the president is
more comfortable in the job but this
White House now the president's in
Florida what could go wrong the White
House is functioning without a comms
director with a let's say if pressed
accounts are correct a diminished chief
of staff where is strategy going to
emerge I think that's really hard to say
I think they were happy just to make it
to this weekend this holiday weekend the
President and the Vice President are
both out of town on vacation and like
you said what we're seeing from a lot of
these staffing moves is that President
Donald Trump is feeling a lot more
comfortable to put together the team he
once I think he's feeling a little bit
emboldened and and the the main thing to
watch I think within the White House has
been the departure of hope Hicks she was
someone who who was seen as that could
talk to the press
and had a relationship with him that
almost no one else adding could sort of
tamp down some of these more reckless
impulses and Tenant tendencies that he
had and there's real concern in the
White House that with her departure he
might be even more off message than
we've seen in the past go ahead and
couple that with John Dowd leaving
someone who had who had urged
cooperation with the Moller team and I
think you see a president who's more and
more emboldened to maybe push back
publicly on this investigation
which everyone else in the White House
knows is not a good move
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
