good evening I'm Lawrence Adele and this
is tonight's last word live from Los
Angeles
no one got fired in the White House
today no one forcefully escorted out of
the building by security every cabinet
member who had a job at breakfast today
still had that same job at sundown today
because the President of the United
States spent his hundred and fourth day
playing golf and so far the golf feeis
president of all time has not actually
fired anyone while playing golf except
possibly some caddies who are not on the
White House payroll many inside the
White House report this week saying that
the White House staff has moved beyond
worry to near panic that the President
of the United States is now completely
Unleashed that is to say somehow more
unleashed than he already was and it's
all about the woman who had to suffer
the worldwide humiliation of a public
Trump kiss on her way out the door
yesterday watch how natural this is
that was Donald Trump produced a sign
language because he needed to keep that
far away a great distance away from
reporters so that he would not be able
to hear any of their shouted questions
about stormy Daniels or anything having
to do with the governing of the United
States of America the White House did
not release a translation of the sign
language I for one have no idea what it
means to stand beside a person and just
point at her repeatedly so please feel
free to share any of your suggested sign
language translations with us on Twitter
the woman the president was pointing at
is the youngest White House
communications director in history and
not the most incompetence only because
she was preceded in the job by The
Unforgettable Anthony scaramouche II who
was the most unleashed White House
communications director in history as
well as the most incompetent the New
York Times reported today there is a
palpable worry among those in the West
Wing about who the president will now
confide in and how many other people
might be able to occasionally pull him
back
now that ms Hicks is gone several
reports have indicated this week that
White House chief of staff John Kelly
has lost whatever confidence the
President had in him and is unable
therefore to exert even the minimal
amount of influence over the president
that he might have had in the past
according to Politico today the
president announced that he was firing
the Secretary of Veterans Affairs in
quote a snap decision that surprised his
own chief of staff and knocked the
government's second largest agency
deeper into disarray White House chief
of staff John Kelly had spoken with
David Shulkin by phone Wednesday morning
reassuring me now former VA secretary
that he wouldn't be fired by tweet that
afternoon hours later kelly had to phone
Shulkin again telling him plans had
changed david chill conspiring was so
chaotic and of a sudden that it is
possible the donald trump didn't even
know that donald trump was going to do
it earlier in the day when donald
Trump spoke with David Shulkin when's
the last time you spoke to him I spoke
to the president yesterday and what was
that conversation like we spoke about
the progress that I was making what I
needed to do from a policy perspective
to make sure that we were fixing the
issues in VA wait that's before you were
fired that's correct you spoke to him he
made no mention of the fact that he was
about to terminate you that's correct
and then you found out via a tweet right
before that the chief of staff Kelly
gave me a call which I appreciate it
gave me a heads up and so but but that
was much after the phone call the trevor
administration has always been choosing
from the bottom of the Republican barrel
of talent and there is no possibility of
that changing according to a report in
The Washington Post today The Post
reports that the presidential personnel
office which is responsible for
recruiting and vetting thousands of
Trump administration political
appointees is being run by quote a
college dropout with arrests for drunken
driving and bad checks and a Marine
Corps reservists with arrests for
assault disorderly conduct fleeing an
officer the Post reports that the
personnel office quote became something
of a social hub where young staffers
from throughout the administration
stopped by to hang out on couches and
Smoke electronic cigarettes leaders
hosted happy hours last year in their
offices in January they played a
drinking game in the office called icing
to celebrate the deputy directors 30th
birthday icing involves hiding a bottle
of smirnoff ice a flavored malt liquor
and demanding that the person who
discovers it in this case the Deputy
Director guzzle it thereby bringing a
more precise definition than ever to the
term drunk with power but the governing
style of the Trump administration a more
serious version is always a more serious
version of drunk with power this week we
learned that team Trump will begin
detaining pregnant undocumented
immigrant women thanks to a trump
executive order it will add a question
on citizenship status to the census that
states say
attorneys general warned could lower
immigrants voting and cause a population
undercount and it will rollback rules
requiring cars to be cleaner and more
efficient
Donald Trump is golfing when most of
these decision arts as decisions are
made and all it becomes aware of them if
they are mentioned on fox news and only
approves of them when they are mentioned
approvingly on Fox News the Trump
government from the start has behaved
like a marauding horde passing a bottle
of smirnoff ice as they reach to the
bottom of the right-wing barrel of bad
policy ideas and try to turn another one
into the law of the land ho picks never
stopped a minute of that madness and
John Kelly is known to have encouraged
some of it especially the worst
cruelties the Trump administration has
inflicted on immigrants each of them
might at some point have talked the
president out of an utterly insane tweet
but what Donald Trump has proven from
the start with his two White House
chiefs of staff and his five White House
communications directors is that he has
been unleashed since day one in the
presidency but is always capable of
getting much much worse and always does
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
