laura ingraham continues to lose
advertisers from her fox news show after
ridiculing mass murder survivor David
Hogg a high school senior and Marjory
Stoneman Douglas High School in parkland
Florida today on MSNBC when asked if he
accepted Lauren's apology that she
tweeted yesterday David Hogg said this
no because we realize this in the same
tweet where she apologized to me she
tried promoting her show at the same
time and I just found that sickening
also sickening to many Catholics and
other Christian holy week observers was
Laura Ingram's dragging Holy Week into
her apology she said on reflection in
the spirit of Holy Week I apologize for
any upset or hurt my tweet caused him or
any of the brave victims of parkland
that provoked me and many others to ask
if Laura Ingraham would have apologized
on any other of the 51 weeks of the year
and to ask in what spirit was her
original insulting tweet since it was
also written during Holy Week honoree
Cox Jason Johnson and Jonathan Capehart
are back with us Annamarie I want to get
your assessment of where this particular
controversy stands and while you're
speaking I would like to put up the 13th
a graphic of the 13 companies there -
their names that have pulled their ads
from Fox News since they're not
advertising on fox news at this hour
America should still know that these
companies are in business and would like
to do business with them go ahead on
Amory well in the spirit of
infrastructure week off topic well the
larger issue for me the david hog
specifically that the parkland students
in general but david hong specifically
seems to have triggered let's say all
these snowflakes on the right in this
extreme way like i i'm fascinated that
they are so activated by by them and by
him in particular i can't quite put my
finger on what it is about these
children
really these kids these students that is
so upsetting that they find so
intimidating quite frankly I wonder if
it's their idealism or I wonder if it's
the sense that when you see young people
this motivated this organized you know
that this is the biggest threat that
there is to you know the standing order
these research people are go ahead I was
gonna see a Jason do you have an answer
to honor Marie's question about what is
it that that gets people like Laura
Ingraham going with these kids because
they're young well-spoken white kids and
that's supposed to be the bailiwick of
the Republican Party they're young
unspoken they're they're young and and
they're attractive and they're appealing
and think about this wasn't just about a
month ago that Laura Ingraham was saying
shut up and dribble and was insulting
you know dozens and dozens of African
American Ally no one was trying to
boycott her then but when she says
something about young white kids who
have suffered through a tragedy suddenly
everybody wants to say something
I am glad David hogs I'm glad he had the
clap back I'm glad he said I'll accept
your apology I'm glad that she's losing
all these advertise my problem is if she
gets canceled she'll end up in the White
House so then of course David hog is the
one that's pointed out that people of
color the students of color at Parkland
that haven't got the attention that he
has parklands about 25 percent minority
and the students that have gotten a lot
of attention including David hog have
pointed out that the media has done a
disservice to these other kids who have
some specific reasons for not wanting
let's say more armed teachers in their
school they haven't gotten gotten the
voices that maybe David himself has
although I think it's not his fault oh
yes and Jonathan of course we know if
Laura Ingram does go from Fox News to
the White House she will lose influence
over Donald Trump absolutely she's not
she's never more powerful than she is
right now she wants to end she wants to
influence the President of the United
States look I think the power of David
hog is in the responses from both
Annamarie and from from Jason and that
is here's a well-spoken white kid who
cares about all of his
friends he is not simply complaining and
and speaking out because he himself
suffered some tragedy he deeply cares I
think you showed in the b-roll when he
came here to Washington in the run-up to
the March for our lives he went to a
school here in Washington and talked
about the fact that he is there and
recognizes that because of his because
of his privilege and his background a
lot of attention is paid on him and the
students of Parkland but he recognizes
and knows that the kids in that room and
other african-american kids and kids of
color have been dealing with this for a
long time and he wants to use that power
to help everyone and that that disrupts
the order that Laura Ingraham is so
desperate to hang on to but as Jason
knows his Anna Marie knows as you know
Lauren says everyone who's watching this
show actually knows that America and
world that Laura Ingraham is fighting so
hard to maintain it's gone it doesn't
exist and hasn't for a long time now
well I was gonna say it's gone unless it
can be held together with the threat of
violence I mean quite frankly sc√©nic are
together when do you think President
Trump is going to get into this fight
with Laura Ingraham and her sponsors
let's put those sponsors up as Azana
answers this again so the president can
know this weekend exactly which so far
13 companies he has to attack on twitter
i want i don't actually wish this cuz i
know it would it would do bad things for
the lives of the students but part of me
wants him to go after the students
because that's hey that's classic Trump
that is Trump that is truck talk about
punching right down right like that is
the kind of thing he would do I bet he
is hitting to go in and do that and that
is by the way the kind of thing a good
communications director would keep
someone from doing and so you know what
maybe if he does become his own
relations director that's the kind of
thing he will do he might try to get
into a proxy war with the students using
Laure engrams advertisers I mean he'll
do whatever they say on Fox and Friends
I mean like honestly honest to god I
think there was a rumor going around
that one of the candidates for the VA
like Trump thought he would do more good
on Fox and Friends than at the VA and
that what you know what he is correct
he is totally correct the couch is the
Papa the couch is next to the Oval
Office the curvy Fox and Friends house
is actually adjacent to the Oval Office
and it's our turn to squeeze in a
commercial now Anna Marie Cox thank you
for joining the discussion hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
