there are massive systemic problems with
criminal justice in America of course
but every once in a while there's a
story I find especially infuriating and
this is one of them a Texas woman was
just sentenced to five years in prison
for voting illegally in 2016
five years crystal Mason has argued her
illegal vote was an accident shortly
before the 2016 election you see she'd
been released from federal prison
serving just under three years for tax
fraud
Mason was released under community
supervision but says she was never told
that according to Texas law you can't
vote while still under supervision so on
Election Day
she cast what's called a provisional
ballot and that decision has landed her
back in prison for five years Mason said
at the time of her arrest you think I
would jeopardize my freedom who would as
a mother as a provider leave their kids
over voting the Fort Worth star-telegram
reported Mason was taken to jail at the
conclusion of her trial Wednesday as a
course of small children leaving the
courtroom waved and said bye-bye big
momma Mason's attorneys filed for an
appeal now it's clear that she didn't
break the law as it's written and
ignorance with the law is no excuse so
what jitter punishment be well here's a
similar example this woman in Iowa
intentionally voted twice for Donald
Trump because she said the polls are
rigged she was sentenced to two years
probation and the seven hundred and
fifty dollar fine or this former
Colorado Republican chairman Steve
Curtis a talk radio host who claimed
during the election that only Democrats
commit voter fraud he was convicted of
filling out his ex-wife's ballot in 2016
forging her signature and mailing it in
Steve Curtis also received no jail time
he was sentenced to probation and
community service
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
