two major stories both developing
tonight in Baton Rouge the Chief of
Police announced that one of two
officers responsible for the death of
Alton sterling will be fired and that
another would be suspended for three
days Sterling's 2016 killing which was
captured on video prompted nationwide
protests on Tuesday the state attorney
declined to charge the officers because
of insufficient evidence the Department
of Justice also concluded there wasn't
enough evidence to bring federal civil
rights charges against the officers late
today police released videos showing the
moments leading up to Sterling's death
here's NBC's Gabe Gutierrez with that
new fit at 4:00 dejenne and warning it
is disturbing this newly released video
to watch responding to a 911 16 man
claiming that elton sterling was selling
CDs outside this Baton Rouge can beat
the officers confront sterling and the
encounter escalates quickly previously
released cell phone video from a
bystander showed part of the struggle
but this surveillance video from the
store shows the moments before and after
as officer Salamone yells at sterling
meanwhile in Sacramento the family of
Stephon Clark released a private autopsy
today it found the 22 year old was shot
six times in the back in eight times
total in response to those findings the
Sacramento Police Department said that
it had not been provided with the
official report from the County
coroner's office yet the 22 year old
father of two was killed on March 18th
in the backyard of his grandmother's
house according to the department the
officers who shot Clark thought he was
armed no weapon was found though just a
cell phone the officers have been placed
on administrative leave the latest from
Sacramento I'm joined now by NBC's Joe
fryer Joe what can you tell us well
Steve here's what we can tell you so
this autopsy was an independent one that
was commissioned by the attorneys who
are representing Clark's family up until
now all we knew is that police officers
fired 20 shots at Stephan Clark what we
didn't know is how
many times he was hit well according to
this independent autopsy they say he was
hit eight times all of those times were
either from behind or to the side dr.
Bennet Omalu who conducted this autopsy
says none of them were from the front
now this is what he believes happen he
believes that Clark was actually facing
his grandmother's house at the time that
the first shot basically came in from
the side hit him near his armpit that
spun him around then the next should six
shots were behind him and then the
eighth and final shot hit him in the leg
either as he was falling down or while
he was on the ground dr. Bennet Omalu
also believes that Clark was still alive
for anywhere from three to ten minutes
after he was shot this is key in the
minds of a lot of people because Clark
did not immediately receive medical
attention Steve all right Joe fryer out
there in Sacramento thank you for that
and on Wednesday White House press
secretary Sarah Sanders was questioned
about the fatal shooting of Stephan
Clark in the absence of charges in the
olden Sterling case this is what she had
to say
certainly a terrible incident this is
something that is a local matter and
that's something that we feel should be
left up to the local authorities at this
point in time president's very
supportive of law enforcement but at the
same time in these specific cases and
these specific instances those would be
left up to local authorities to make
that determination and not something for
the federal government to weigh in at
Stephan Clark's funeral the reverend al
sharpton president of the National
Action Network in an MSNBC host called
out the White House for their response
here's what he said let me say yesterday
the president's press secretary said
this is a local matter no this is not a
local matter they've been killing young
black men all over the country and for
his part president Trump has weighed in
and a number of local issues take a look
the result in the death rate around
sanctuary cities in and around for
innocent Americans is unacceptable take
a look at what happened in San Fran says
go and Kate Steinle and countless others
the city of Chicago
what the hell is going on in Chicago
there are those who say that Afghanistan
is safer than Chicago for more I'm
joined by Basil's Michael Democratic
strategist and former executive director
of the New York State Democratic Party
and Jen currents former spokeswoman for
the California Republican Party Jen it
is certainly true that the White House
has not weighed in on every local issue
there's lots of exceptions but it's also
true they've they have weighed in on
some and you hear the case they're from
from Al Sharpton saying this is one
where something ought to be said what do
you think about that well I agree with
you I think the statement from the White
House was a bit in eloquent clearly from
your clips there anyone can see that the
White House has clearly weighed in on
local issues but I think this case is
different and I think this is why you're
seeing President Trump not weigh in on
this you've got a case here where the
the we've got the first african-american
police chief in Sacramento seems to be
doing a very good job the police
department issued those body cam
recordings within gosh I think 48 hours
so I think that was a good start they
also released which they didn't
necessarily have to release the overhead
helicopter video as well as radio
transmissions as well as the 911 tapes
so by and large I think the Sacramento
PD is doing a good job and they're
following protocol and I think that's
why you see the White House not weighing
in if you compare it to cases like the
Kate Steinle case where clearly you've
had a city that was part of this
sanctuary city policy that President
Trump vehemently disagrees with and and
he was not sure that there would be
justice served for Kate me and and in
fact there really was not I think that's
why you see he would weigh in on one
topic maybe not weigh in on the other I
think he has a bit of confidence that
the proper procedures being followed
here what do you what do you think of
that Basile well I think it's from the
president's part very hypocritical we
actually have seen him weigh in on local
issues related to police brutality
because when NFL players were taking a
knee to protest police brutality
he called them SOPs whenever it comes to
the lives of African Americans in this
country and Latinos in this country
the president is silent or he rails
against them which he has done
throughout his campaign what we've seen
now is the president saying that that
the White House is not going to get
involved he might as well just say we
don't care and to me the objectification
the commodification of black lives we
are overtaxed in tax disproportionately
we are jailed disproportionately and we
are killed at the hands of police
disproportionately and the White House
is basically saying to us you cannot and
should not go to the federal government
for any recourse you cannot go to us for
any help and support and we've seen that
in the way that he has gutted the Civil
Rights Division of the Department of
Justice we've seen that over the last
few years when you look at the Supreme
Court rulings with respect to the Voting
Rights Act it's it's a it's a signal to
communities of color anybody that cares
about equity anywhere that the federal
government is not hoping is that Donald
Trump got eight percent of the black
vote in 2016 and there's a broader
pattern here I think you got to go back
50 years to find a Republican candidate
who correct even 20% of the black vote
so it's not just Donald Trump but
everything that basil was just talking
about that's bigger than this case in
Sacramento
do you see Donald Trump and the
Republican Party coming up short in
addressing that is that linked to those
vote totals that we talk about every
four years well I think some of what
basil mentioned most of what you
mentioned happened before Donald Trump
took office you don't have to remember
he's been in office about a year so I
don't think he can own a lot of things
like the trayvon martin shooting i mean
police shootings were happening in these
communities long before President Trump
took office so I think we have to be
clear about that I think what you see
President Trump trying to do here and he
he goes at this as a businessman he is
trying to work on behalf of the
communities we see african-american
unemployment at its lowest rate ever
recorded in American history I think
he's trying to effect change in those
ways now I do acknowledge again could
the White House have been a little more
eloquent about the response to it should
they have put out a statement it is true
but if you look at what we have going on
around the world we have high stakes
negotiations with North Korea coming up
we have critical deadlines looming with
Iran
we've got Russian aggression
attacking our allies I think when the
president decides to weigh in on
something he weighs those factors I
mentioned again which is are the local
police are they doing a good job do they
understand the pipe I guess I think I
think the african-american put me let me
just let me just ask it this way though
when you look at the 8% that he got when
you look at his approval rating with
black voters when you see polls it's
it's that level
is he missing an opportunity here to
communicate something different when it
comes maybe not just this one story but
in general it could be you know in the
wake of the parklands shooting we saw
him bring those families to the White
House he could offer an olive branch to
the family here in Sacramento invite
them to the White House to have this
conversation and maybe they are maybe
they have that planned I don't know he's
not done in and I don't expect them to
do it because the families are not they
don't have the same color skin and I and
I feel that I feel that to my core that
this is a president that just has no ear
for being able to engage communities of
color and I think that the entire
administration is just said we're done
we're going to be hands on me let me let
me ask you this if he's watching this or
just in general thinking about this and
he hears something like you just said
and says you know I want to show that's
not the case
what what's one thing he could do to
start to change the dialogue he could
come out and say look I've actually
owing to your comment earlier yes there
were some shootings and there was unrest
under President Obama but President
Obama made some very specific statements
about he got pilloried on the right for
doing so and to some extent on the left
for not doing it early enough but he
started to make her to make comments
about these shootings and the
relationship that communities of color
have with law enforcement Donald Trump
could do that and that would signal to
some people that okay he's actually
making an attempt I don't think that
he's going to solve that problem fully I
don't think that under his
administration that you would see a lot
of progress but I do think if to answer
your question specifically if he's going
to make some inroads come out and
acknowledge that there's a problem and
talk about how you're going to use the
the resources of the federal government
to address it well here's right we got
to go back I think is not helpful
you saw the protests outside the
sacrament
Kings arena I worked my sources today in
Sacramento they said those were outside
protesters outside agitators not members
of that community if you're really
looking to bridge the gap between police
and african-americans you need to start
with that african-american police chief
in Sacramento working with that family
that's the way hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
