shooting in Sacramento yesterday sarin
could be Sanders called it a local
matter yeah that was pretty insensitive
also considering that Justice Department
is investigating this particular
shooting it's it's not obviously not a
local matter anymore so it didn't make
it very much sense there was also a a
recent shooting in Houston very similar
gentleman who comes from pretty tragic
circumstances unarmed african-american
gentleman shot and killed by police
these are the kind of things that would
occupy our minds and in drive a national
conversation for days if not weeks just
a couple of years ago it strikes me that
we have sort of conflated electoral
potency with the values of a particular
grievance set because the white
working-class shocked us all in 2016 we
are sort of performing penance by
focusing excessively I believe on the
issues that drive the white
working-class the Trump voters set and
we to the detriment I think of issue
sets that drive african-americans the
african-american community Hispanic
community etc and minority groups I
think this is probably subconscious but
I do think it's probably driving an
overly an overcorrection significance
the president campaigned on blue lives
matter on law enforcement he used black
lives matter as a wedge issue yes do you
think do you think that this
administration just doesn't care no
absolutely I do they don't give a damn
okay Jeff sessions every consent decree
that was put down on Newark police off
police station I mean Cleveland we can
go every consent decree he's typic and
ignore right one of the things that has
haunted this nation since its beginnings
is what I call the value gap we live in
a country where white people are valued
more than others to echo know here and
to the extent to which that value gap
obtains no matter what the inputs are
the outputs are going to be the same so
you have folks folks are like the guy
I'm sorry the police were called for
vandalism for vandalism in cars right
and the guy has eight bullets put in it
and Dylan Ruth was taken to Burger King
to Burger King Nicholas Cruz is still
alive and so the assumption that black
lives don't matter from the top and this
is not just simply emotion this is just
this is a guy who has to raise his kid
who has to make sure that his own child
can come home right and so when you hear
the president and all of these folks do
what they do right the only thing you
can assume is that they just don't give
a damn about black people they don't
give a damn about poor people they don't
give a damn about anybody but themselves
I will add however that Barack Obama did
say that he believed that that police
were being scapegoated in Jeff session
as hard as Justin's is correcting for
something that Barack Obama said was
happening Noah
Eddie Amy gosh thank you don't worry
point to make oh oh hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
