basically as chief foreign correspondent
Richard Engel is one of the authors of
that exclusive report and joins me now a
Richard the violent on the pieces
Kabbani in northern Syria talked to a
variety of US commanders there what did
they tell you about the status of their
fight against Isis well it's good news
and bad news
so the good news is after four years in
Syria a relatively small American
footprint working with local partners a
Kurdish lead force has managed to deal
an enormous blow to Isis if you remember
the isis so-called Caliphate was a large
state like body that had eight million
people in it it was the size of a small
European country it had oil it was
terrorizing not only the people who
lived there but also was a space where
Isis was plotting and planning
international terrorist attacks
now the ISIS safe haven has been reduced
to two very small pockets so all of that
is good news and on yesterday President
Trump said the mission in Syria is
nearly done American troops are going to
be leaving there they're going to be
leaving very soon the mission against
Isis is over but there's a problem the
problem is the Allies that the US has
been working with this Kurdish LED force
are currently under attack
they are under attack by Turkey and they
feel that the u.s. is leaving them high
and dry they feel that the u.s. is
betraying them actually many commanders
I spoke to US commanders feel the very
same way and it's not just an issue of
betraying the people who have been
working with us and they have spent they
have given a four thousand of their men
and women in the counter Isis fight
along with US troops if we betray them
not only is that a moral stance then
there also is the issue well then who is
going to be left to fight the remnants
of Isis and u.s. commanders not only
worried about the betrayal they worried
that if there is this betrayal then the
partnership that we worked so hard to
develop will will be destroyed and Isis
could come roaring right back so
although it was reduced as two small
pockets if there's no one there to fight
those last two pockets they grow
Richard what happened here to the
connective tissue between that
battlefield and Washington you had Brett
McGurk still in his position as
presidential envoy for Isis with
responsibility for the issue of Isis he
was making trips back and forth to the
region is this willful I guess is what
I'm saying has Washington ignored this
fight more than it had in the past or
has there been some sort of breakdown in
communication about what commanders in
the field need or what they think about
this fight going forward well I I think
this was a mission in Syria a lot you
haven't been hearing a lot about the war
against Isis in Syria partly by design
partly because there's been so much
other news in Washington which I know
I'm sure you know very well but the
reason that that this hasn't been
getting a lot of attention is that it's
been going smoothly the American special
forces and special operations forces who
are in Syria have been relatively happy
to be operating without too much
interference from Washington they've
been working closely with this Kurdish
LED force they've been fighting battle
after battle and they say they've in the
last four years killed roughly 65,000
Isis fighters so it is the secret and
perhaps most successful war that most
Americans have never heard of but now
because Turkey has started to intervene
and turkey is attacking this Kurdish LED
force a major decision needed to be made
these these ground commanders these
Americans cannot go up against Turkey
that is nowhere in their their of their
decision-making capability they need
answers from Washington and the answers
that have been coming have been well
looks like that mission is pretty much
over it's time to come home and the
commander's look at what they're facing
and they look at their allies and they
think their allies are gonna be betrayed
and they think there's a possibility
that Isis could come roaring right back
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
