in an important test case for a group of
9/11 families a federal judge is now
upholding their right to sue Saudi
Arabia home of 15 of the 19 hijackers
the lawsuit alleges that Saudi Arabia
had a role in the planning and financing
of the September 11th terror attacks
something that the kingdom has strongly
denied the lawsuit is the first of its
kind since Congress overrode a veto by
former President Obama to uphold a law
permitting legal action against sponsors
of terrorism I'm doing now by Terry
Strada the national chair for the 9/11
families and survivors United for
justice against terrorism whose husband
died in 9/11
Terry it's good to see you again this
has been a long long struggle for all of
you to get this law passed to override a
presidential veto and now to win the
first test in court tell us what happens
next well what happens next is the
lawyers will follow the judge's order
and begin a discovery process and that
way we will start to learn many more of
the missing pieces to the role that the
Saudis played in financing and aiding
abetting the hijackers you know here in
the United States you know as you know
there's a new leader the crown prince
he's now in the United States Mohammed
bin Salman he is a reformer in terms of
gender rules in the kingdom the economy
but he's also been very tough on
opposition political rivals he's
pursuing a war in Yemen against Iranian
interests there so he's a controversial
but a very large figure but closely
allied with this president President
Trump went to Riyadh it was his first
overseas trip his first big summit so
what do you do facing a very different
kind of young Saudi leader well we're
gonna do the same thing we've been doing
and get them to own up to the
responsibility that they have in you
know financing and aiding
betting their 911 attack this prince is
deflecting you know he's blaming
everybody and not taking a good look at
the nation that he comes from and the
responsibility that they have in you
know having these handlers here in our
country out in California
meeting these hijackers giving them the
financial stability that they needed to
live in our country take their flying
lessons read their cars apartments all
of that and the two gentlemen that we
know about in California are just two of
them how many more were here on 9/11 and
how many are still here so he I know
he's cleaning house in Saudi Arabia he
needs to do some cleaning house here you
know here in America also do you have
concerns about the administration which
is cementing an alliance with Saudi
Arabia more so than with any other of
the Middle East figures and Persian Gulf
leaders my biggest concern is the
Wahhabism of Islam that they've spread
across the world and that they continue
to spread and that we need to address
that you know very seriously
and hoping that you know the
investigation that our lawsuit will go
forward with this discovery and we learn
so many more of the details that they
were involved in that the blinders will
come off and we will have a different
type of relationship with them and we
will be able to better protect ourselves
going forward I know that we need them
strategically I understand that but I
think that's where it should start and
end and of course one of his reforms is
to restrain the Wahhabi the Wahhabism
and the more radically inclined clerics
there in Saudi Arabia that's what he
says he is trying to do do you have any
confidence in that right that's what he
says he's doing over in Saudi Arabia I
want to see him do that here in the
United States also when he owns up to it
and realizes how many are in our country
and he either takes them back or he
allows us to deal with them you know and
send them back
then I might start to believe that he's
serious about cleaning up you know the
mess that they have made by spreading
this you know very very horrible you
know form of Islam around the world and
here in the United States
Terry Estrada as always it's good to see
you and keep keep in touch about this
case as it goes forward in the courts
thank you very much yeah thanks I'm
coming today
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
