apology not accepted that's the message
from seventeen-year-old parkland student
David Hogg after Fox News commentator
Laura Ingraham tweeted an apology for
mocking the teenager on Wednesday Ingram
sent out a story from a conservative
website and wrote David hog rejected by
four colleges to which he applied and
whines about it
well that night Hogg asked his six
hundred and fifty thousand Twitter
followers to urge Ingram's advertisers
to boycott her show for did almost
immediately and it was then that Ingram
said she was sorry writing in part on
reflection in the spirit of Holy Week I
apologize for any upset or hurt my tweet
caused him or any of the brave victims
of parkland but the damage was done that
list of companies pulling advertising is
now up to nine including nutrish
TripAdvisor Expedia Nestle wayfarer
stitch fix Joseph a banks Hulu even
multinational corporation Johnson &
Johnson this morning Hogg said Ingram's
apology isn't sincere
she's only apologizing after a third of
our advertisers pulled out and I think
it's really disgusting the fact that she
basically tried promoting her show after
apologize or apologizing to me I think
it's wrong and I think if she really
wants to do something she could cover
things like inner city violence and the
real issues that we have in America I'd
like to bring in NBC's Kerry Sanders
who's in parkland Florida
Eric Duggan's is a TV critic for NPR and
an Emmett NBC contributor Beth Phooey is
NBC News senior editor for politics so
Eric David Hogg calls for Ingram
sponsors to boycott her show on
Wednesday night and then within a day
you have nine of them pulling out I mean
the speed at which this happened was
extraordinary what does this all say to
you well what it says to me is that I
think some pundits still don't
understand that the Parkland shooter
survivors have a special place in the
hearts of a lot of people in this
country and that advertisers are very
aware of how people feel about them and
that attacking them online is seen as an
adult attacking a child over something
that was personal not
political you know certainly you can
have political disagreements with people
about gun control or how to solve gun
violence but to attack someone
personally about whether or not they
were able to get into college you know a
teenager who's just starting his life I
think it's easy for people who advocate
a boycott to go to advertisers and say
do you want to have your message
associated with this and this is
something that hurt
Bill O'Reilly boy boycotting before he
was let go by Fox News and it also hurt
Glenn Beck seriously before he was let
go by Fox News so this is a very serious
challenge to the profitability of her
show and I'm not surprised that she
tried to react quickly to it yeah it's
gonna be interesting if it sends a
message to other people who have those
kinds of shows in the way that they
present themselves but you know I also
have to wonder and and and Beth let's
make it clear there is no circumstance
under which it's okay to attack a
teenager who just went through a mass
shooting I think that we can all say
that and pretty much agree on it without
any problem
having said that I do think we're in a
particular political moment and that
people are frankly fed up with the
negativity they're fed up with the
attacks they're just plain fed up and
they're willing to take a page out of
these kids and say you know what we have
power we can't we don't we don't have to
just complain about it we can do
something about it yeah I mean what I
would say to that is that in the era of
Trump sort of everything is looked at
through the prism of culture like policy
is not a big part of this administration
there's a lot of cultural ton zones that
the president has very effectively used
that the the the kneeling NFL players
applauding the Roseanne show doing so
well because it reflects Trump voters in
his mind the Parkland gang are part of
our new our new awareness of culture at
this point those kids have become so
symbolic for not just gun control but
for kids standing up and speaking out
and sort of challenging power implicitly
challenging the administration that's
why in many ways conservative media has
decided that because we have to have
like whose side are you on and basically
all of these cases you have to take a
side on the Parkland students you can't
just acknowledge them as having gone
through this horrible experience like
you said they're actually they're
actually antagonists and that's why they
have gone
for them than this way and that's why
we're seeing the backlash again by all
these companies pulling their ads
basically everybody has to take aside
there's no sort of neutral objective
reality every anymore you're either with
us or you're with them and that's a good
example of that
yeah and Kerri I mean you have spent
time with a lot of these students and
you know we can say it a million times
doesn't make it any less true about how
extraordinarily they have responded to
this trying to make something positive
come out of the worst thing you could
possibly imagine you talked to David hog
what last night yes he was stuck at an
airport because his flight actually had
to divert due to an emergency landing
so we talked on the phone rather than on
camera but this is very much his name is
David Hogg but this is a David versus
Goliath story here you have David Hogg
taking on the Goliath of Fox News in
Laura Ingraham and I think what's
interesting is is how savvy David and
his classmates really arc here in going
after the advertisers my first question
to him was was this your idea or did
somebody advise you to guys no that was
my idea so these these teenagers from a
school he's 17 years old are very
politically aware and aware of what goes
on in the world and as you noted he has
645 650,000 followers on Twitter that
means he's what they call an influencer
and he did indeed do just that with
influence by getting people to agree
with him and then contacting eight that
nine of the advertisers this is a
statement from just one of the
advertisers this is a wayfarer that says
in part the decision of an adult to
personally criticize a high school
student who has lost his classmates in
an unspeakable tragedy is not consistent
with our values so it was that statement
about whining about not getting into
college or four different campuses in
California that really drove this
reaction from advertisers this is not
about the gun debate but what the kids
here seem to recognize and David hog
certainly realizes that this was sort of
a practice run for the much bigger issue
and the bigger issue of course is
restricting the sale of
who weapons like ar-15s this is what
david hog continued to say in our
conversation
you like bully to other people too and
I'm not gonna stand up for that life is
too damn short to just you know stand
behind on the sidelines I'm not going to
let somebody try to like put me down
like that so David hog and others
remember that Emma Gonzales who has been
so outspoken has more than a million
followers on Twitter and I think we're
beginning to see that we know the power
of the Internet we know the power of
Twitter but I don't think we've
recognized until maybe at this moment
Chris is that we see teenagers with that
sort of power in an arena that is beyond
you know what sort of ice cream or what
sort of you know music star that they're
interested in yeah you know Eric I think
that we we heard from David hog himself
about why he does not accept the apology
I think if you read the apology and she
says it's in the spirit of Holy Week as
if you need a religious reason to be
decent to a child who has just been
through an experience like this she
invites him to come back on the show you
know if you're gonna be cynical you
might say knowing that their ratings
would be incredible there wasn't a lot
of there therefore a lot of people in
that apology what about the the other
advertisers where do you see this going
is Laura Ingraham show in trouble what's
next well certainly given the success
that they've had in such a short period
of time I'm certainly expecting them to
continue the boycotting effort one of
the things that I would say is so
interesting is that these are young
people if we if we believe that they're
not being advised by more knowledgeable
people these are young people who
understand media seem to understand it
just as well as people like Laura
Ingraham who've worked in media for
their entire careers I mean it's one of
the things that was astonishing to me
about this situation is is hogs presence
of mind to respond so quickly with a
boycott with a call for a boycott that
spread virally and that was so
successful so quickly
he
knew where to hit laura ingraham where
it hurts
in her advertisers and and these kids
have shown a savviness about dealing
with the media in their many appearances
on television and in other platforms
that shows that they've grown up with
this media they know how to use it and
they're now turning it to to advocate
for what they the political change that
they feel should should happen and I
think they've been underestimated by
some of the adults who have tried to
oppose them politically and and now
people are seeing the danger of that
underestimation yeah but the social
media savvy is really extraordinary and
you know they're able to get out a
cogent argument in a very very few
characters having said that I wonder how
much nervousness there is out there in
America there are so many young people
who through the March were you know
signed up to vote there gonna be a lot
of people watching to see how many of
them actually turn out to vote but they
could be a true political force I don't
think in my lifetime which is long that
I've ever seen a presidential election
for example where they haven't talked
about the youth vote you know Obama's it
was Glee youth vote was gonna make a
difference Clinton the youth vote was
gonna make a difference and you know
even Hillary Clinton that and it never
really turned out in the extraordinary
numbers that the hopeful people thought
they would this time maybe yeah well in
particular in midterms I mean you were
just going through presidential
elections where typically those you know
younger voters do come out midterms
they're really not unlikely to come out
they they they typically vote him very
loner right I went out to everybody does
yeah I went out to San Francisco for
with a gun March out there and I spoke
to a lot of young people and I said you
know are you voting did you register the
folks who show up at marches they're
gonna go there are the people who
already activated they're motivated they
want to see change the question is the
people who didn't go to the marches
whether they are similarly inspired to
get out there and vote I had to
challenge a lot of young people I met
out there saying your generation your
age group typically does not do so and
they were like no no this time is gonna
be different
we'll see it's gonna be different yeah
and it could make a big difference if
they do Beth who we thanks to you carry
through yeah go ahead real quick Kerry
okay no go ahead
I was going to say if you take all the
kids graduate
from high school across the country this
year those that are 17 and 18 if they
register you're talking about 3.7
million voters and then you've got next
year's graduating class that's a large
group and I think the component that
maybe we don't quite fully understand
and the Z generation is if they register
to vote the question is will they vote
they all talk to each other on this and
so the actual motivation when it comes
to getting your absentee ballot or
voting it may all come down to the way
they're talking to each other on social
media and then we'll see whether they
actually vote the actual voting day may
not be the question it may be whether
they absentee ballot vote long before
the actual voting day because these kids
live a different lifestyle it's not all
about voting on a Tuesday you might have
other plans there is something to be
said for peer pressure sometimes in
situations like this as well Carrie
thank you so much for that Eric Duggan's
Beth phooey appreciate all of you hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
