there are too many Democratic
politicians that are actively
encouraging this when Maxine Waters
tells people go harass scream yell and
come after people that's wrong when cory
booker glad alight Cory's a friend of
mine when he stands up and said go get
in people's faces and scream and yell
and harass them that's wrong and and
keep President Bobby's flame and you
know look that's no what I'm saying is I
get that and that's don't we need to
cool it down everywhere every everywhere
we do I agree with that I thought it was
unfortunate when Hillary Clinton said we
can be civil after the Democrats win
that's wrong look look and by the way
when people harassed Nancy Pelosi I
spoke out Twitter said that's wrong too
don't and I disagree with Nancy but but
we can treat each other with with
decency and respect that's the right
identity hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me a
favor subscribe by clicking on that
button down there click on any of the
videos to watch the latest interviews
and highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC
you get more Meet the Press content
every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
