at least you worked on a focus groups
and this is important given all the
fascinating troubling and really
important questions pertaining to Russia
you spoke with Trump voters in Tennessee
and Mississippi and here's some of what
they had to say about Russia and the
Russia investigation I come from the
days of the Cold War if we can find ways
to coexist I'm not saying we're gonna be
best buddies or any of that you know but
let's find some neutral territory and
see if we can't I guess identify some
mutual goals
no one's meet him directly and trust me
there try media's spending millions
trying to drive trying to find that link
and no one's been able to so it makes me
wonder if there is a link freely much
the more mud you can start the easier it
is to keep him from doing
Alysse yeah there's there it's some of
the campaigning that this president and
his supporters have participated in
seems to be paying off well you know the
focus in these focus groups the Trump
supporters we spoke to overwhelmingly
really see the Russia investigation as a
witch-hunt and they blame the media for
ginning it up and for bringing it to
what they see as just a fever pitch of
hysteria about for president that they
think is trying to get things done and
the establishment is actively opposing
him and you you look at how Donald Trump
and his language on Russia and his
rhetoric about Putin and his lack of
skepticism of the Russian interference
in the election and it really has
trickled down to his strongest
supporters and you know we didn't play
this clip but there is a moment and one
of the focus groups where we were
discussing the poisoning in London and
one of the participants is telling us
you know it's just so it's just too
obvious it's too perfect that the
Russians would do that because they're
the only ones who
manufactured that particular poison so
it couldn't be them because it's too
obvious and so that's kind of just the
level of skepticism that is circulating
about anything that said that goes
against the narrative that Donald Trump
is presenting that's you you might
remember that he hesitated the president
did to necessarily finger London in that
particular attack even though it was
immediately fairly obvious that yes the
Russians were involved I would hesitate
to comment on what these Americans
believe but I do think Democrats ought
to take notes right now by the way I
won't hesitate they're dead wrong well
and now they're dead wrong but there's a
reason they're there
well no but they're dead wrong I mean
there are fat they are entitled to their
own opinions they're not entitled to
their own facts and that they want to be
willingly ignorant of what's going on
if they think that 13 Russians were just
indicted just for the hell of it and
that was fake news well you know what
then they get they get the government
that they deserve you know there's
there's no sticking your head in the
sand and I and again it happened so well
it happens on both sides there were a
large number of Democrats back in 2005
and 2006 that believe that George W Bush
took down the twin towers said he was
part of the conspiracy well yes they had
a right to believe that but they were
ignorant and they were wrong I would
argue that Democrats had their heads in
the sand during the entire election and
that is why we're here today and they
should take notes and listen to these
voters who support Trump and Elise you
also asked them and this is pretty
telling about their opinions on gun
control this this you'll see something
else
take a listen we have lots of guns in my
house my husband also has an ar-15 that
I think
we could take our leave I don't have a
problem of the age thing but there's not
there's not an age demographic that's
causing this problem it's a crazy tale
where I was caught in the problem I've
got you know I've got multiple weapons
and assault weapons and everything and I
enjoy shooting but I mean I'll be
willing to increase the age limit have
stricter background checks drinking all
that because I have kids in school too I
think enough people see these stories
and think you know I might not agree
with it but if you think you're doing
something to prevent that from happening
give it your best shot because I'm tired
watching those stories you know you know
at least this is again as a guy that was
born in Georgia went to college in
Alabama lived my formative years in
Meridian Mississippi and lived about 30
years in Northwest Florida as we called
it the the redneck Riviera or la la
lower Alabama this is what I constantly
hear from my friends that have been out
hunting as I say time but again since
they were five six seven I know they're
there there are you know fat white pink
boys and suspenders in Washington DC
think tanks or who have blogs that try
to sound like gun warriors and oh you
know I know how to shoot a gun they
probably never probably never shot a gun
they're probably like the character and
homeland that shoots a pistol and knocks
himself down but everybody I know that's
got five six seven ten guns in their
house they all say the same thing which
is yes let's get universal background
checks I'm good with it
yeah let's raise the age limit yeah
let's get rid of bump start it let me
these are 80 90 percent issues and not
just we're Yankees are talking to
pollsters we're people that I grew up
with and you grew up with in Mississippi
are saying the same thing you know and
Joe I had really lobbied our group
Ashcroft in America group for a while to
come to Mississippi and Tennessee my
home stomping grounds and to talk to
voters there and particularly it was
interesting time just because the it is
such a flashpoint for the gun control
debate and in the first group we did in
Memphis strong Trump supporters you know
looking around with my colleagues and
just you know my mouth is a little a
gape I really was surprised by the
willingness for some reasonable measures
of gun control just common sense reform
the all of the in all of these groups at
least half at a minimum if not you know
eight out of ten participants had my own
multiple guns and they really are just
tired of the broken government system of
regulating guns in this country and how
you know they see it as the government
being broken and while we do have laws
on the book that need to be more well
applied and to be utilized they at the
same time just do not see the logic of
bump stocks of the high magazine the
high volume magazines there are things
that they are willing to concede if it
means that children are not going to be
under threat in their schools yeah you
know John Island there's a reason why
over the past several months I've been
very careful not to talk about the NRA
the NRA is for this the NRA is for that
and I always talk about three or four
Washington DC lobbyists who run the
Washington arm of the NRA lobbying
organization who actually have radical
views that are highly divergent from the
views of the overwhelming majority of
gun owners whether you're talking about
universal background checks bump stocks
raising the age even a ban on assault
style weapons that's you know that's
more of a 60/40 right now or 70/30
depending on what poll you see but for
people carrying signs saying down with
the NRA the NRA are the members of the
NRA and the members of the NRA have
viewpoints that for some time have been
really reasonable when it comes to
background checks banning bumped stocks
and now raising the age to 21 well yeah
yes I mean first of all there's
obviously a W divergence between what
the NRA as an organization believes
relative to what gun owners broadly
defined believe there's probably split
also between what the NR a as a official
policy position believes relative to
even some NRA members but I do think if
you are going to be if you're going to
try to fight this issue and you're gonna
try to undermine the power of the NRA as
a political force in American life it
makes sense not to focus on obviously
want to focus on that fissure between
those two things and try to drive a
wedge between the NRA membership and the
NRA leadership but I think focusing on
the NRA leadership makes a lot of sense
if you're if you're in the movement
because that is in the end regardless of
the divergence regardless of everything
else those handful of people you're
pointing to Joe which are out of step
with their own members out of step with
the broader community of gun owners
those leaders still continue to be the
place where political power has resided
and we're starting to see that change
but you gotta try that you gotta try to
break it at the top if you're gonna
break it and that happens because
they're in Washington DC and they dole
out checks to members of Congress or son
can't take who don't have the courage to
take their checks and still vote against
them there's a Fox News poll that we put
up let's put that up again I mean you
look at these numbers again even in this
Fox News poll and it's overwhelming
where you talk about universal
background checks over 91% and you can
go down that list and again that's where
most gun owners are right now so it's
again so and we're gonna be talking
we're gonna be talking mica coming up
about the continued attacks against the
young people who unfortunately went
through a trauma that of course none of
us would ever would pray that none of
our children ever had to go through that
is a massacre in their schools my gosh
where I I've said it before I'll say it
again
don't attack children don't debate
children that are survivors of a
horrific massacre that will will will
mark them for the rest of their lives
regardless of what they're saying debate
the issues don't attack the children
they're grappling with a trauma so
on the gun issue under pressure from a
mounting advertisers boycott Fox News's
Laura Ingraham had to apologize
yesterday for comments she tweeted about
a survivor of the Parkland school
shooting we'll have that for you ahead
plus President Trump had a substantive
thorough conversation with David Shulkin
just hours before firing him one of the
things they didn't discuss was that he
was about to be fired oh that's a
problem that's actually interest I hate
it when that happens well especially god
that likes to say you're fired when
actually he's scared actually well no he
was too scared to tell him so he had
John Kelly do that we're gonna talk to
the former VA secretary live straight
ahead
right here on Morning Joe thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
