the Reuters news agency is tonight
reporting that the Muller investigation
is looking into Russian contacts at the
2016 Republican National Convention in
Cleveland quote investigators have asked
detailed questions about conversations
that Jeff sessions then a Trump campaign
adviser and a senator we might add had
at a convention event attended by then
Russian ambassador to the US Sergei
kis lyac said the first source who was
questioned by Muller about the event so
this is someone who's actually been
asked about it the same source said
Muller's team also has been asking
whether sessions had private discussions
with kis lyac on the sidelines of a
campaign speech Trump gave at
Washington's Mayflower Hotel April 2016
sessions spokespersons have denied
repeatedly that he had any private
discussions with kis lyac at the
Mayflower Reuters also reporting
investigators are looking into the party
platform language you may recall the
hubbub over this quote another issue
Muller's team has been asking about is
how and why republican party platform
language hostile to Russia was deleted
from a section of the document related
to Ukraine said another source who also
requested anonymity this report comes
the same day Time magazine released this
cover featuring Attorney General Jeff
Sessions also featuring shall we say
unusual and borderline haunting
photography among the headlines session
says in the article he stands by his
refusal from the Russia investigation
quote I think I did the right thing I
don't think the Attorney General can ask
everybody else in the department to
follow the rules if the Attorney General
doesn't follow them sessions also told
time his loyalty is not to any man but
to a principle quote Congress passes a
law judges follow the law nobody's above
the law including the judges and
including the president we should also
point out this safety tip the President
believes he holds the record for Time
magazine covers he does not that belongs
to Richard Nixon he also reportedly
hates when his own people are on the
cover of Time magazine
you'll recall Steve bannon's cover story
was five months before
is abrupt departure from the White House
well back with us Jonathan Lemire from
Associated Press and with us from
Chicago our friend Joe wine bank's
attorney former assistant Watergate
Special Counsel and an MSNBC legal
analyst Jill the first convention I
covered was at the Moscone Center San
Francisco 1984 where Mario Cuomo gave
his memorable speech didn't see a single
Russian wasn't aware of them I've
covered a bunch of them since
not a single Russian can you help us
point out to our audience how unusual
any paragraph is that contains meetings
with Russians in Cleveland a change of
the GOP platform language to abide by
some Russian changes I don't know why it
hasn't become a bigger story already
because it is been clear from the very
beginning that the change in the
platform that favored Ukraine to begin
with and then became favorable to Russia
is one that should have raised eyebrows
a long time ago and when you combine
that not just with sessions meeting with
the Russian ambassador at the time kiss
lyac during the convention preceding the
change in the platform language and with
all of the other meetings that happened
during the campaign between Russians and
Trump's staff and now with the actions
of Muller looking at these I see
collusion becoming a major focus we've
moved from obstruction being the main
effort of the prosecutor to possibly
finally getting to the point of what is
the relationship between Russia and the
Trump campaign and there are so many
connections very evident now and this is
one of them Jonathan before I get back
to a tributary off the point Jill just
made I wanted you to resize one of the
president's favorite expressions and he
has a number of them a very short period
of time so he famously said about manna
for tea was with the campaign a very
short period of time during the time
manna fort was with the campaign this
was his baby this was his convention
Paul Manafort joined the campaign
to run the convention yeah he was there
he was stayed in charge obviously
through the end of August another month
month and a half or so but this was it
he will oversaw everything it was
happening that though those four days in
Cleveland initially it was to beat back
a delegate challenge from Ted Cruz but
while there he answered he was the
driving force behind this change this
language change in the platform to make
it more favorable to Russia and of
course Paul Manafort ties to Russia or
have great interest to special counts of
Bob Muller right now Jill there's a CNN
report tonight that when mr. gates went
in and spent his time with Muller he of
course is cooperating with the home team
it was made clear to him they weren't so
much looking for information for him to
dump on his former boss Manta fort they
were looking for collusion information
that you just mentioned contacts he had
with Russians that were in the news just
yesterday anything that would tie mr.
gates effort the campaign effort to the
Russians absolutely it's clear that
Muller already had more than ample
evidence to go ahead against man afford
and didn't need any help from gates on
manna fort but was looking for much more
and we can tell from the release I think
it was yesterday things are moving so
fast it's hard to remember if it was
yesterday or the day before in the
sentencing report for vanderzwaan
where he mentions that there was a lie
about the connection between gates and a
Russian operative who we now think as a
man named colum mnek but that is one of
the first real ties to the Russian
government between the campaign and the
campaign operatives of Trump and the
Russian government so they are
definitely closing in on again we're
looking at collusion and the conspiracy
between Russia so this is a very major
development and I think Gates's role is
going to be important as we find out how
much he knew he stayed after manna Ford
left the campaign he went through the
inauguration so
he's in a position to know a lot and he
was clearly talking to mana Ford who was
in a lot of the meetings with the
Russians
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
