a word that you don't hear much but when
I was growing up we had what was called
vocational schools they weren't called
community colleges because I don't know
what that means a community college to
me it means a two-year college I don't
know what it means but I know what
vocational and I tell people call it
vocational from now on it's a great word
it's a great word call it vocational and
technical perhaps but use vocational
because that's what it's all about
people know what that means we don't
know what a community college means
president Trump seemed to confuse
community colleges and vocational
schools as you heard there while
speaking today in Ohio while he has
stressed the importance of vocational
training going back to the campaign he
seems to have a problem with community
colleges including perhaps not knowing
what they are and what they do
let's open great vocational schools so
our future workers can learn a craft and
we should have vocational schools you
learn mechanical you learn bricklaying
and carpentry and all of these things we
don't have that very much anymore and I
think the word vocational is a much
better word than in many cases of
Community codes a lot of people don't
know what a community college means it
represents so we need vocational schools
now they call them a lot of times
community colleges I don't think it's an
accurate definition when the president
made this comparison back in February
the education reporter for The
Washington Post apparently had had
enough and attempted to clear up the
confusion quote Trump may think the word
vocational is a better way to describe a
community college but in fact the two
are not interchangeable they simply
aren't the same thing vocational or
trade schools have traditionally offered
hands-on training related to a
particular career often but not
exclusively in high school two-year
community colleges provide many of the
same features as four-year colleges
including wide curricular offerings in
different subjects the American
Association of Community College's look
at that Maps
there were over 1100 community colleges
as of last year nearly a quarter of our
high school students go on to pursue a
degree at a community college for many
of us yours truly included it was the
only real college option after high
school and make no mistake community
colleges are a huge American success
story if anything they've been let down
by the government in the communities
they serve in many cases a whole lot of
today's nurses and teachers and business
people will tell you they would not be
where they are today had there not been
a community college in their community
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
