and the Trump administration this is
what your last day of work is like
when's the last time you spoke to him I
spoke to the president yesterday what
was that conversation like we spoke
about the progress that I was making
what I needed to do from a policy
perspective to make sure that we were
fixing the issues in VA very focused he
was very inquisitive about the things
that we were working on making sure that
we were focused on the job at hand
wait that's before you were fired that's
correct you spoke to him he made no
mention of the fact that he was about to
terminate you that's correct
and then you found out via a tweet yeah
right before that the chief of staff
Kelly gave me a call which I appreciate
it gave me a heads up and so but but
that was much after the phone call White
House chief of staff John Kelly was able
to squeeze in a warning yesterday to the
Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin
that he was going to be fired by tweet
in a couple of minutes but John Kelly
was squeezed out of the firing of
national security adviser HR McMaster
according to Bloomberg quote Kelly
wasn't with the president last week when
Trump abruptly decided to oust HR
McMaster and replace him with John
Bolton just two people were in the room
for that decision Trump and Bolton and
Kelly is rarely on the line anymore when
Trump calls foreign leaders last week
when Trump spoke with President Vladimir
Putin Kelly wasn't on the call all Trump
seems to think that all of this is the
opposite of chaos bloomberg reports that
Donald Trump is told confidence that the
White House is the opposite of chaos
portrayed in the media with White House
communications director hope Hicks
leaving her job this week and White
House chief of staff John Kelly
apparently becoming increasingly
irrelevant the president is beginning to
wonder if he needs a chief of staff or a
communications director some outside
advisors are telling the president that
he doesn't need a chief of staff or a
communications director according to a
CNN report the option has been planted
in Trump's mind and he's not rejected it
outright
during discussion now Jim Messina the
deputy chief of staff for President
Obama from 2009 and 2011 a campaign
manager for President Obama in 2012 also
during this discussion Amy Siskin the
author of the list
a week-by-week reckoning of Trump's
first year
first of all a me parenthetically an
extraordinary book it is the most easily
readable book I have ever held in my
hands you simply flip it open to any
page and you get this astounding list of
the crazy insane things that happened in
Trump world on a particular day Jim I
want to go to to the White House imagine
if you will a White House without a
chief of staff a White House without a
communications director and really
seriously how different would that be
not very different this is kind of what
it's been this is like an episode or a
sequel to home alone right yeah just by
himself making these decisions he's
firing people you know everyone's like
who's the next communications director
it learns what does it matter he's doing
the job himself and that's why you have
the chaos that you're seeing we've had
four communications directors Werner
Third National Security Adviser this is
just unprecedented and it's getting
worse not better
and Amy John Kelly was brought in to
control the chaos to make this place
sensible and stop the leaking the
leaking got worse the chaos got worse I
have seen not a single day where it
seems to have made any positive effect
to have John Kelly around what
difference does it make Trump is seizing
power now I mean it's slowly happening
when you look at my list week by week
that he's getting rid of people are
bringing in insiders it's becoming like
the Trump Organization where he's
basically surrounded by 20 sycophants
and the Fox and Friends cast his desire
and if you look at the last few weeks
he's unilaterally taking action there's
no rhyme or reason to our policy in the
Obama administration it was well thought
out you would lay out a plan one week
we're having China tariffs one week
tariffs again you know steel and
aluminum it's whatever you know his
friends talk to him about the night
before or just something to change the
subject there's just no plan no vision
he's just feels now you can sense it
that he is in control and there's no
checks and balances the legislative
branch is doing nothing to stop him and
Jim there's a huge difference between
the image he still tries to convey yeah
by doing the trade mark you're fired out
there on the
stage today but the very same man the
very same man is actually afraid to say
that to a human being in real life it is
unbelievable I mean the guy calls up his
secretary and instead of firing him like
he did every week on TV for ten years he
pulls the punch and has someone else to
it you know apparently it's you can't
fire anyone and he can't be mean to
Vladimir Putin those are the two things
for a strongman president who like is
defining himself by his strength
he's showing incredible weakness in
really weird places
Amy yours is what may be the first
history reference book written during
the Trump administration because one of
the points of your book the point of
your book is to say this is not normal
we are losing track there's too many
things in a given day you know a day
with eleven extraordinary things that
have never happened before is getting
lost because of some other thing some
tweet or something like that and you're
trying to hold on to every one of these
things and leave this record of what you
now call the list yes so what's
happening each week is in the chaos the
week before is gone and there's a lot of
things going on that are not getting any
coverage as he controls power which is
what's happening to the environment was
happening to marginalized communities
and women our rights and protections
being taken away information
disappearing but that's all part of what
happens in an authoritarian regime so if
you follow the rise of other
authoritarians this is an old playbook
even if new to our to fragile democracy
and I think we're learning that what we
learned in high school history that
there were checks and balances these
were more norms than laws and there's
nothing right now stopping him short of
the election in 2018 flipping into
democratic control and if we have a fair
election I mean I think we you know
there's nothing underway that would
assure us that we will so I think we're
now at a point where things are
escalating pretty rapidly we don't have
a State Department eight out of the top
ten key roles are either are vacant and
one of the one of them that is filled is
filled with the Fox and Friends co-hosts
so Trump has taken on diplomacy too he's
meeting with kim jungeun he's sending
south korea officials to tell our
country they
meeting with Kim Jong uh and so it's
basically one person running our country
right now and the Republicans refused to
put him in check Amy Siskin Jim Messina
thanks for joining discussion tonight
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
