firestorm in Washington protesters
descending on Capitol Hill at this hour
as Brett Kavanaugh inches to our
confirmation in the Senate with
Republican Susan Collins and Jeff Flake
to the key swing Republican votes
announcing that they are satisfied with
the FBI report on Kavanagh senators have
spent the day reading the updates to the
FBI background check into Kavanaugh
those reports are in a secure briefing
room on Capitol Hill where most senators
have to go to read them and this
afternoon one of the red state Democrats
also thought to be a swing vote on the
Kavanagh nomination Heidi Heitkamp from
North Dakota announced that she would
vote no on Kavanagh the process has been
bad but at the end of the day you have
to make a decision and I've made that
decision and that decision will be what
senator I will be voting no one judge
Kavanagh and amid the growing up war
from protesters Democratic leader Chuck
Schumer calling for the FBI background
check to be made public 1 we had many
fears that this was a very limited
process that would constrain the FBI
from getting all the facts having
received a thorough briefing on the
documents those fears have been realized
second I disagree having received this
briefing on all of the documents I
disagree with Senator Grassley statement
that there was no hint of misconduct and
third we are reiterating our call given
how limited this these documents were
and how limited the scope of this
investigation was we are reiterating our
call that the documents with proper
redaction be made public why shouldn't
all of America see the facts at this
hour we're still waiting for official
word on how Collins Murkowski flake and
Manchin plan to vote the first
procedural vote is tomorrow and chairman
chuck Grassley announced two
that he'd like to hold a final vote on
Cavanaugh's confirmation on Saturday
here to discuss the day's development
some of our favorite reporters and
Friends NBC's Garrett Haake is on
Capitol Hill with Kelly O'Donnell
joining us from the White House at the
table former US attorney and former
senior FBI official Chuck Rosenberg
joins us Washington Post columnist
Eugene Robinson is here Kimberly Atkins
now the Washington bureau chief for the
Boston Herald and Nick confessori
political reporter for The New York
Times round out our table Garrett let's
start with you we've seen protesters on
Capitol Hill you've been reporting all
week about how high the tensions are
where do things stand this hour
well Nicole the protest that's happening
behind me now and may make me slightly
hard to hear is by far the largest and
most well organized protest against
Brett data that I've seen yet this week
and it's really coming at the right time
from the protestors perspective after
this announcement from Heidi Heitkamp of
North Dakota that she would vote no on
Kavanagh his confirmation gave really a
boost of energy to the opposition here
the protesters are a few floors down
from me they gave a huge cheer and round
of applause just in the direction of
Mike Kemp's office a lot of these folks
have been coming up here to thank her
staff for her just in terms of the
optics of all this if you will this is
all definitely audible to Joe Manchin
our donations staff and Lisa Murkowski
staff who are also in this building you
mentioned we're still waiting on Jeff
Flake and Susan Collins and Lisa
Murkowski for that matter on there folks
the Jeff Flake vote is to me the most
interesting open question at this point
remember as a Friday morning last week
he was a yes vote and then he switched
to wanting this FBI investigation
between what we heard from him this
morning the idea that he appears at
least initially satisfied with the FBI
investigation and his initial yes the
longer he goes without saying more
without coming out as a firm yes and
without appearing in front of cameras
and believe me we have been looking for
him all day that makes me think his
support is maybe not as strong as it
appeared last Friday so while things
appeared to be moving in the direction
of the Cavanaugh confirmation most of
the day here today I wouldn't say the
momentum has turned the opposite
direction but it least slowed down right
now I think there's more of a question
despite the ticking clock towards that
first vote tomorrow morning
I'm a train wreck fan and I recognize
Amy Schumer there on the left let me
just do a little bit of math with you
Garrett and then I want to bring kellyo
in to the conversation so we've got
Colin's Murkowski flake mansion and
height cam who is a no vote
how many more votes can Cavanaugh lose
and still get confirmed and then Mike
Pence would break the top so if mansion
mansion holds and I think it's probably
more likely than not that he does like a
hard time seeing Joe Manchin being the
only Democratic no vote that gets us
back to a situation where one of these
Republicans can still vote no and Mike
Pence could break the tie so you still
need two of these Republicans to come
over - no votes to stop this all right
Kelly
bring us up to speed I'm mature hearing
you've got great sources on both ends of
Pennsylvania Avenue what do you know
well some interesting things to look at
are some of the dynamics here so joe
Manchin Democrat of West Virginia will
not I am told make his position known
until tomorrow so he will not do what
Heidi Heitkamp is and put the pin in the
balloon and end the speculation in part
there's a lot of pressure on Joe Manchin
in a way that it's different than what
we saw with Heidi Heitkamp and it's this
Joe Manchin has been someone who has
been very popular in his home state a
former governor who's now been in the
Senate for a couple of terms and he is
in a tough race as well this November
against the state's Attorney General
Patrick Morrissey president Trump has
been to West Virginia seven times in a
time that he's been in office brought a
lot of pressure there it is also notable
that Manchin and flake are good friends
across the aisle you could almost
imagine a scenario where Jeff Flake
decides he's voting no but Manchin would
be a yes
or you'd have the combination where
Murkowski could be a no and she's got
reasons that have to do with alaska's
Native American community and Judge
Cavanaugh's record on federal lands and
sovereignty as an issue that's not the
thing we talked about typically in
national news but in Alaska Native
American sovereignty incredibly
important and so there's a dynamic
amongst this remaining group that is
both political and personal and we don't
yet know if they're sharing their
strategy but that is often the case in
the final hours where if one person sort
of needs to take the leap politically
and do something risky they may do it
knowing they have cover from someone
else
for example if flake has to vote no for
his conscience perhaps but he doesn't
want to be a conservative who tanks this
nomination he might try to have the
friendship of a Democrat across the
aisle vote in his place you know how
that sort of math could work out we
don't have answers to this yet but
that's some of the pressure that's being
brought to bear and for your People
magazine moment Amy Schumer is a cousin
of truck Schumer the top Democrat if
you're seeing her in the video there's a
family connection there as well it all
comes back to six degrees of separation
Kelly is talking about Alaska of course
you know I having been a Palin staffer I
know all about sovereignty in the state
of Alaska and I did not know that Chuck
Schumer at ABC will tell you
you know anything about collection thank
you I totally did not know that
Eugene services statesman and and what
is this moment we see passions on the
left here we see protesters coming out
it looks like the protest after on the
day of the inauguration and this looks
like the kind of the same nerve that's
been struck but on the other hand all
signs indicate from Collins and flakes
public statements about the FBI report
that it gave them perhaps the
justification to be a yes vote on
Kavanagh yeah I totally just heard
Garrett's caution there my assumption
all day has been he's going through it
he's gonna get confirmed I'm very
skeptical that that Joe Manchin would be
vote number 50 to put him over over the
top but assuming that only maybe only
flake the sides of the Republicans
decides he can't he can't vote for
Cavanaugh and everybody else holds then
it's 50/50 tense breaks a tie in that
scenario I could see Manchin voting for
him because again because it wouldn't
matter and essentially get through
anyhow that I don't think he would be
forgiven by the Democratic Party for
being the vote that put Kevin all over
the top Kimberly I can speak to this
split scream Momo we've had so many of
them since Donald Trump's ascension in
American politics but this undoubtedly
is yet another it is I mean what we're
seeing is outside of this confirmation
process this sort of you know open
bare-knuckled partisan fight that has
gender battles in it that has classes a
minute and the patriarchy it's so it
means so much more look I I and other
journalists have been hearing for weeks
now from women who call me and email me
just to tell me their stories of sexual
assault and how appalled they are and
how the women who are coming forward are
being treated whether you believe them
or not whether you believe a judge
Kavanagh or not that's an aside it's the
treatment of these women and this idea
that the president and others are saying
this is a dangerous time for men when
they say this has been a dangerous time
for women for a long time and at that
other side of it you see people who are
tagging Democrats saying all they want
to do is keep the seat open so we're
seeing all of these politics play out
and the cultural divide play out over
the Supreme Court nomination it's really
extraordinary
can you think of a time Chuck when the
FBI has been thrust into the middle of a
moment that kimberly atkins just
accurately described not quite like this
: and that's what pains me frankly i
mean the last thing the FBI wants to be
is in the middle of politics and here
you know i i'm afraid i don't predict a
lot of things and i don't predict well
but i predicted from the outset that
they were in a box and that if their
investigation is circumscribed then they
would be blamed for not doing a full
investigation and that is exactly where
they find themselves and so it's deeply
unfortunate it's not where they want to
be and i can't think of a parallel do
you think the fact that collins and
flake came out and said that what they'd
seen in the report was satisfying to
them that was the word they used what
does that mean about the report that
seems to indicate that it was good
information for cabinet probably nicole
it probably means it was at least more
corroborated that he claimed happened or
didn't happen right and what dr. Ford
claimed but you know he's claiming it's
you just said it you were trying to
prove a negative with him so I'm
guessing they thing
more character accounts I'm just trying
to understand what the investment the
substance of the investigation was when
Ford spoke to the Washington Post
she called for an investigation into her
allegations which would have required
that kind of longley which getting much
broader so did they have the time to do
the kind of investigation Ford was
calling for did they simply go out and
find more character witnesses per capita
well they certainly had the time
remember they have 13,000 agents it's
not like two folks driving around the
country and a Buick for trying to track
down witnesses the FBI has the capacity
to do this they didn't have the
authority and so I'm not you know if if
they ask for a deadline if they say we'd
like this back by Friday that part
doesn't trouble me but imagine a bank
robbery where he had five tellers and
they said you know what Nicole pick
three you can talk to any three tellers
that you want but not the other two
that's not how you do investigations
frankly bluesy can you hear us we have
Frank got your gun Frank can you pick up
this thread can you talk about because
this is something you've been sounding
the alarm on that if it turns out that
they didn't have the authority that
would be more indicative of how this was
going to turn out then capacity or or
intellect or ability it seems like
that's exactly where we've landed yeah
this certainly appears to be the case
that the constraints were so tight that
we're left reportedly if accurate with
nine or ten interviews perhaps and as
Chuck said that's not how you do this
let's talk about the most routine of
applicant investigation somebody's
applying to be an FBI agent you go out
you do the background the the candidate
has given you the name
of all their friends and loved ones who
will say great things and be references
for them your job is that investigator
is to talk to them and then at the end
say well who else should I talk to who
didn't who doesn't like this candidate
that's your job so essentially what
sounds like has happened is the White
House said talk to the references talk
the ones that aren't going to tell us
the bad things and only do that for me
this is a this is an institutional
moment for the FBI for director Chris
Rea it's a damned if you do damned if
you don't moment damned if he followed
the rules of written protocols of
backgrounds with the White House damned
if he doesn't come out and ask for more
damned if he doesn't give a statement
saying here to the public here's how we
do backgrounds and damned if he doesn't
damned if he doesn't call for reform of
the background investigation process in
the client relationship with the White
House and probably fired if he comes out
and does that this is this is a
conundrum I'm sure that has people
sequestered on the seventh floor of the
Hoover Building
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
