now to our exclusive report tonight and
some very special guests Bob Miller just
dropped a tantalizing clue in this
Russia probe a court filing alleging of
former Putin spy worked with Paul
Manafort in 2016 this is one of the
first molar filings suggesting a direct
link between manna fort and Russia
during that campaign and experts are
asking if Muller is turning to the most
blatant 2016 crime the hack of
democratic emails which could explain
one name that stands out in the subpoena
that recently leaked after ten months of
secrecy former Trump aid Sam Nunn Berg
disclosed a special counsel subpoena
showing Muller demanding information on
key Trump aids notice all of them were
on the official campaign during 2016
except one person longtime adviser Roger
stone he stands out because he was not
on staff in 2016 when Trump won the
nomination and when that criminal hack
occurred but he's closer to Trump than
most operatives Stone famously began
working for him all the way back in 88
he and his lobbying partner Paul Mann
afford advise Trump in business stone
also helped Trump in 2000 when he
flirted with a reform party bid and he
helped launch this Trump presidential
campaign in 2015 news anchors were
wondering who would help this man's
longshot bid while stone professed his
loyalty where are the old guys has been
around forever Roger stone maybe Roger
always wanted me to run for president
and over the years every time a
presidential race came up he always
wanted me to run will you remain with
the Donald now throughout the campaign
I've ever do it ever the journal asks me
to do stone now in the middle of
intrigue in this probe just as the
self-promoting provocateur put himself
in the middle of controversies from
nixon to bush you play by the rules as
they're written when they change the
rules you change the way you play the
game the game has changed because
defendants have been changing into
felons before our eyes Mike Flynn Rick
gates flipping and that brings us to
this special report tonight questions
for Roger stone we know bob muller has
questions about stone because he is
subpoenaing other people
about their contact with stone we know
even Roger gets his behavior was
suspicious as he recently told msnbc
wouldn't you consider that suspicious
behavior if you were mr. Mahler yeah I'd
look for any proof that I had advanced
knowledge of the content or the sources
but in public stone has not been
consistent about as he put it there the
proof
even after boasting of contacts with key
foreign players in the center of the
twenty sixteen meddling so question
number one
why is Muller even investigating a
person who is not formally on the Trump
staff in 2016 the answer begins with
stones rule even though he left the
campaign in August 2015 always put
yourself at the center of controversy it
is better to be infamous than never be
famous at all stones associates of Trump
and the Trump campaign people like Roger
stone for example the Atlantic magazine
tonight also released direct messages
between Trump campaign associate Roger
stone and WikiLeaks from a campaign
advisor for the Trump campaign named
Roger stone longtime Trump advisor Roger
stone Roger stone the idea that Muller's
investigating stone is not only based on
the subpoena we know Muller has
questioned other witnesses but not stone
yet suggesting he could ultimately be
more than a witness now one of the few
people who has been inside the grand
jury told us he sees a potential case
against stone they're trying to set up a
perjury case against Roger stone and I'm
not gonna have him Roger's my mentor
Roger
is like family to me and I'm not gonna
do it you're not gonna do it and sam
nunn Berg argued that stone got himself
into this mess I said to Roger you're
giving yourself a lot of exposure
claiming that you're in communication
with julian assange they asked you about
his dealings with julian assange
yes they did they asked what Roger
telling me about his dealings with
julian assange or his communications
with julian assange tyranny during the
election which brings us to question two
why did Roger stone promote WikiLeaks
and Julian Assange so much stone didn't
technically work for Trump in 2016 but
Trump
the candidate touted WikiLeaks over 140
times in the month before voting stone
not only hyping Assange but weighing
into the bait over whether he was doing
Putin's bidding he's a courageous
journalist who has an incredible track
record for accuracy and authenticity say
this about Julian Assange I reject the
idea that he's a Russian asset I reject
the idea that WikiLeaks is a Russian
front and that's not all the very
filmmaker who made this documentary I
just excerpted told us that stone was
trying to arrange a personal visit to
Asajj during the campaign in July and in
June of 2016 we he told us that he was
trying to meet with Julian Assange we
spoke with him about the possibility of
bringing our crew to London to film that
meeting and by this year stone making
good with a London visit where he left a
note for Assange now stones defenders
say that note and reports of an Icee set
of Twitter messages between stone and
WikiLeaks could show he doesn't have
some great intermediary back channel to
Asajj which raises question number three
why did stone claimed he did have an
intermarry intermediary with Assange and
then backpedal I actually have
communicated with the son I believe the
next tranche of his documents pertain to
the Clinton Foundation but there's no
telling what the October Surprise may be
no I have not spoken to mr. Assange I
have not met with mr. Assange and I
never said I had I said we communicated
through an intermediary somebody who is
a mutual friend never said I had stone
later claimed he couldn't reveal that
intermediary unless he was authorised
then stone flip-flopped again revealing
the supposed intermediary was Randy
credit Co a radio host who's done more
interviews with Asajj than almost any
reporter in America they talk about
everything from politics to whether
Russian meddling is a Hillary hoax is a
consummate politician for Russia a
little less consummate when dealing with
the rest of the world but
pretty skilled that was a historical
moment that the Democrats could have had
they certainly gone my my I could have
had that they could have had it but they
were successful in hyping up this
Russian narrative and thereby
distracting from what would be the
normal qualitative thing so critical
matters given his rare access to Asajj
and this public link to stone but when
critical broke his silence and spoke out
on the beat he totally contradicted
stones current story saying one he
didn't authorize stone to release his
name and more importantly credito said
stone lied and he was not the
intermediary to Julian Assange do you
ever carry messages from Julian Assange
about what he might plan to do or the
nature of his work to other people
anywhere else in the world
no absolutely not I totally deny you
deny that so stones former mentee and
associate throwing cold water on his
defense which brings us to question four
why is stone turning on them and just
about everyone else except Trump and
Assange in the past month Stone has
published several newsletters clapping
back at all kinds of opponents he's put
out these deep state propaganda cartoons
that look like a mash-up of MORTAL
KOMBAT and a kind of a James Bond DNC he
says nunberg now quote struggles with
his demons and did a disservice
he says credit Co has faulty or
selective memory he slammed the
filmmakers who he trusts enough to spend
months on the road with saying they're
trying to get on TV to promote this
great movie now I've covered stone for
years I've interviewed him on air during
the 2016 campaign he told a conservative
website that MSNBC has talented
reporters he respects he added I like
Chris Hayes I really like Ari Melbourne
and that's another part of the story
stone is flipping on he attacked our
channel and now dubs me quote a stone
hater then one of his newest attack
singles out The Daily Beast as a source
of recycled quote bullsh if an apparent
portmanteau of congressman's atom shifts
name now why this fixation on the
well we've reached the final Roger stone
question perhaps why contact the hacker
gusoff er and did stone know he worked
for Putin because The Daily Beast is who
reported the hacker of the DNC emails
that big crime that started all wasn't a
row of whistleblower they say it was a
Putin spy the investigation of Russian
interference in our election has taken a
new and important turn so even if you
put aside Mulder's stone subpoena and
put aside stones public defence of
visage and stones claimed intermediary
to Asajj it stones attempt to meet with
Asajj you could even put aside the
logical ether ring of stones defense by
his own associates nunberg and credit go
who I'll speak to in a moment and you
could put aside stones apparent
prediction that WikiLeaks material was
gonna come out before it leaks put all
that aside and you still have Roger
stone publicly confessing to contact
with the alleged Putin spy behind the
criminal hacking of the DNC emails in an
international election conspiracy to
subvert American democracy it's a lot
kind of leads to that I guess maybe the
only question left for Roger stone if he
does ever face Muller's investigators at
this point is your best defense to tell
them I lied about everything let me
bring in tonight's special panel I have
Sam Nunn Berger former Trump campaign
aide who's been involved in this NIC
Ackerman a former assistant special
Watergate prosecutor who interviewed
Roger stone during the Watergate
investigation I'm also joined by Randy
credit Co who I mentioned is an
associate of Roger stone and a frequent
conversation partner an interviewer of
Julian Assange gentlemen thank you for
coming to one table to talk about this
tell you how thrilled I am really you're
thrilled
why are you thrilled because I like this
kind of atmosphere Vince McMahon should
be the host of this show well you're
gonna we're gonna we're gonna do you
make a wrestling reference I believe it
was
going to wrestle with the facts here yes
there's a lot on the table Sam mm-hmm
he's Rogers best defense that he lied
about all that stuff well first of all I
think I've said this publicly gonna flat
out say the minute he told me on the
phone that he had met with the signs I
assumed he was lying it's something
Roger does it's one of the stone rules
it's a tactic it's a trump tactic to
take credit insinuate yourself when you
say it's something he does
you mean Roger stone lies to people like
you his mentee yeah well exactly I call
puffery exaggeration I mean I call it
you know I think that I never asked
really for the specifics of how he met
with him I never asked this or that and
in fact I said this on another station
what I did ask him immediately was does
he have new information on Benghazi and
Roger as he said publicly said to me no
it's on the Clinton Foundation and as I
I think I've pointed out to you before
there was no new information on Benghazi
or the Clinton Foundation that Julian
Assange then released I continually told
them throughout that process you're
giving yourself a lot of exposure here
he told me that Julian Assange is not
connected to the Russians I said you can
think whatever you want go argue with
the intelligence agencies and if Hillary
Clinton wins she's gonna go after you
what about this new report that you have
Putin's intelligence service involved in
the criminal hacking right and stones
response is not I didn't know that if
true that's bad but rather that's not
true that's okay you know it's continued
to be Roger
that's Rogers when he may believe that
actually but that's part of his it you
know he works on Infowars he has a
different set of foreign policy views
and domestic views I'm not talking
foreign policy I'm saying yeah you hear
that imagine it's whatever adversary
Iran North Korea Russia you hear that
this is who hacked our democracy
criminal and they try emails they
tracked and instead of saying that's bad
he denies the Agra set what does that
tell you I don't know what's supposed to
happen I'm even more so I mean the
Washington Post has reported that in the
spring of 2016 before anybody knew about
the hacking by the Russians into the
Democratic National Committee Roger
stone was telling people that there is
going to be these emails that a
has that WikiLeaks has and that they're
going to be publishing these during the
campaign and they're going to cause a
lot of problems for Podesta and for
Clinton I mean doesn't that country
talking what you're what you were told
so you're talking about the Washington
Post story which I was quoted in on the
record and it was by Josh Stasi and I
had gone over this is not the Washington
Post story this is a completely
different story about another source
that they had that related completely
unrelated to you right that had totally
different information I think right
Roger needs to explain that I'm not a
special Pleader here for Roger Moore I
just said Roger said the other day and
he said it on the whether you're loyal
to Roger I am loyal to him and you're
loyal to him and and saying on
television that he's a liar that's his
best defense yeah I would I would just
say he said to me I granny grant as I
said earlier to him that you have a
tattoo of Roger stone on your dicks in
tattoo on his back let me ask you Andy
yes sam says Rogers a liar but that
might say you said he was lying and that
might be exaggerated when you I all
right no Randy Randy Roger in singing
Randy I haven't done I haven't done the
question yet here's the question you'll
know it because it has a question mark
at the end now good humor julian assange
yes do you have any way to know whether
Assange believes Roger is lying I can
tell you for sure that Roger had no
contact with Julian Assange either
before or after you kind of have to find
somebody else that is the person that is
to transfer you're not the intermediary
they're just saying Roger had no contact
ever was Roger string number one you
said you said number one you said number
I just want to be clear and say that the
I want to be very clear you have
previously said that you were not his
intermediary yeah they're also saying
your belief based on your knowledge of
both these men yes is that they didn't
have direct contact so let me go to it I
know Assange very well I guess you do
tell you with authority that Assange
never
had conversations with Rajasthan or an
intermediate reason to the next question
I have for you is how is its Onge
viewing all this when's the last time
you spoke does he think that Roger stone
is trying to trade on Wikileaks for his
own agenda or I think they knows that
Roger stone who was outside of the
office dressed like Jiminy Cricket with
the hat on and everything last month he
likes the attention he as Sam said he
insinuated himself into the story to
Podesta email you have to parse that
email by right or that tweet by Roger
stone it says Podesta's and it the and
the B you don't know if he's talking
about the Podesta brothers if you want
to get no question he wasn't talking
about the Podesta brothers that is total
nonsense you can tell just from the
context look what happens immediately
afterwards that's when the emails hold
on we're gonna go Nick and then back to
you go ahead I mean that is the truth
I mean look at you took the Fifth
Amendment when you were questioned
before the committee just like the
Hollywood ten yeah and you took the
Fifth Amendment and you basically said a
truthful answer to questions asked would
tend to incriminate laughs no sense of
decency didn't you take the amendment
didn't you I did taser shipment that why
why because I want to be in Traktor I'm
gonna be entrapped by the FBI or get a
trailer but they have beyond or by
Congress entrapped all you have to do is
tell the truth and are you telling the
truth now you're not under oath now so
why should we believe you if you go
before a House Committee assert the
Fifth Amendment because your let me take
it to you Randi's turn this guy's harder
than Richard pointer or a hater Randy
that's the question anytime but only if
you answer yes he raises a fair point
which one is that I'm gonna give it to
you if you took the fifth pries
previously on the grounds of incriminate
you and now you are not under oath why
should Americans believe you as you seem
to both say Rogers lying as he's in the
center of this probe but you also seem
to be offering a defense about Podesta
why should we believe you your turn why
as a lawyer do you not subscribe for
people to invoke the Fifth Amendment
there are reasons why enable do invoke
Hillary Clinton's two aides invoke the
Fifth Amendment were they lying last
year so I invoked it because I do not
want to sit down with that committee I
do not believe in that committee I am
NOT happy with Adam Schiff I think there
is a lot a Russia phobia I call it
Russia vaping that is what's wrong the
last time you spoke to Roger stone I
don't know like a week and a half ago
did you speak to him after you spoke out
on the beat he may have emailed me we
communicate and and and it's a very
weird thing we it is weird and that's
all try to get the bomb did he view what
you said is helpful they told me to do
something all right
he said do your impression from
godfather I'm gonna leave same question
for you yes
when's the last time you spoke to Roger
does he view what you're doing is
helpful well he doesn't view in it's
helpful in the last time I spoke to him
was the Saturday before my Friday grand
jury appearance and I'm not gonna speak
to him until this whole investigation
stuff but I just wouldn't say why not
and what do you think is gonna happen if
he goes in to speak to Muller because we
just laid out a lot of questions that
are problematic for him and he different
than you appeared to keep a relationship
with Donald Trump all this talk about
WikiLeaks in the close of the campaign
right don't you think that he has to
answer for that in a more serious way to
clear his name if if his name can be
cleared I think he'll just say look I he
won't say he was lying he'll say I was
joking
as he's starting to say I mean the joke
is essentially on me because that's why
I got called in I think one of the
primary reasons by Muller's special
counsel but I think he'll say that he'll
show his passport as he did on Newsmax
the other day and he'll just say look
I've never met what the guy on the guys
denied that so and I think you're right
another point about Roger is Nunley just
very quickly is around all get early
August was when he told me and met with
Assange and I think that that times into
when Trump had asked for the emails and
he's always trying to publicly as
Russian and I think he's trying to
Gracie ate himself back with Trump I
don't care about Trump it's irrelevant
to me if I have a relationship with him
again Roger does they have a long term
you know and they have a long
for relationship hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
