since then though the president has
fired or forced out more than half a
dozen of those people he was including
in that praise and yesterday President
Trump announced the firing of VA
secretary David Shulkin he did this
through a tweet quote I am pleased to
announce that I intend to nominate
highly respected Admiral Ronnie Jackson
MD as the new Secretary of Veterans
Affairs I am thankful to dr. David
Shulkin service to our country now dr.
Jackson who is the current White House
physician and has no management
experience will be tasked with fixing
the government's second largest agency
which has been plagued with scandals
according to the New York Times Trump
feels more confident that he understands
the job of President and is relying more
on his own instincts putting a premium
on his personal chemistry with people
and their willingness to acknowledge
that his positions are ultimately
administration policy rather than on
their resume or qualifications for the
job recently the president told
reporters that change isn't such a bad
thing
they wrote a story about staff changes
today that was very false they'll always
be changed and I think you want to see
change and I want to also see different
ideas the news marked the end of
secretary Sultan's time at the VA given
the president's public backing before
this I also want to express our
appreciation for secretary Shokan who is
implementing the dramatic reform
throughout the VA I have no doubt it
will be properly implemented right David
better be David
we'll never have to use those words
we'll never have to use those words in
our David and according to NBC News
President Trump who built his career in
part on telling people you're fired on
reality television he tests his chief of
staff John Kelly with firing Sulkin just
before the president tweeted the news
himself for more I'm joined now by
Kristen Welker White House correspondent
with NBC News Nick comm the story
political reporter with the New York
Times in an MSNBC political analyst
Annalise Jordan also in MSNBC political
analyst Kristen Welker over to you first
where the news happened yesterday and
the president put that tweet out that's
a pattern in this administration we turn
on Twitter we learned something pretty
big happen from the president's account
but take us through what we've learned
since when and why the president turned
on David Shulkin because you heard the
praise before this so when and why he
turned on the VA secretary and how it
was he then turned to his personal
physician right well I think that this
was not necessarily a surprise Steve
part of the pattern that we're starting
to see in addition to everything that
you just mapped out is sort of bubbling
up to the surface frustrations that the
president starts talking about with his
advisors we learn about it in the press
and then it's a matter of weeks or
months before the person ultimately
winds up leaving the White House in this
case there were a couple of issues one I
think that the president clashed with
the VA secretary on policy issues
including how the VA should be run the
president wanted to see more
privatization David Shulkin was opposed
to that and then also there were ethical
concerns and questions surrounding the
VA secretary including this trip that he
took to Europe with family members it
was an official trip he mixed in some
personal activities he did wind up
reimbursing the VA but only after all of
that had been exposed in the press and
had been heavily scrutinized so I think
that there were a lot of things at work
here but it goes back to another point
that you made Steve the fact that the
president clashed with him and I think
what you're seeing increasingly is this
president who wants to be surrounded by
people who agree with him who he has
faith in and that is where we then
turned to Ronnie Jackson he's someone
who's earned
the presidents trust and you'll recall
we met him for the first time really
when he had that remarkable press
conference in which he gave the
president a clean bill of health but
also said he wanted to put him on a diet
now of course a lot of questions
surrounding his confirmation process
because he's never headed an agency much
less the second largest agency in the
federal government so there is some
concern some criticism that he's not
necessarily the right person for the job
but again the president trusting his gut
on this and the fact that he has a
relationship and a good rapport without
enroll Ronnie Jackson in Christian let
me just follow up on this because again
it is such an unusual move when you just
take a step back like many of the moves
we've seen whatever you think of it it
is unusual for the president to turn to
his personal position for a spot in the
cabinet so tell us a little bit more
about what you know about the
relationship between Trump and dr.
Jackson because this is somebody who
didn't come to the White House with
Trump he was already there he'd been
there under Obama starting in 2013 so
what where did that relationship come
from how close is it what do we know
about that well this is as you point out
someone who served in the Obama
administration so it is notable that he
was able to forge this relationship with
President Trump this is someone who's
spent a lot of time with the president
again suggested putting him on a diet so
someone who's also able to give him some
truth talking as well but I think that
this developed over time but he also is
someone who looks the part he was very
strong in that briefing that we had and
remember the president sometimes likes
to pick people who look the part who he
thinks are strong characters in front of
a camera and he thinks that that's a
part of being a part of his
administration so I think there were a
range of different factors that played
into this now how is this going to play
once he needs to be confirmed on Capitol
Hill that's where the real question lies
now and I think we'll have to wait and
see Steve how it all unfolds because
again there is some skepticism about his
lack of experience yeah in those
confirmation of votes at least early on
in his presidency were not necessarily I
mean they were very party-line a lot
more dissent there than we've seen
before Nick there's a couple ways to
think about this with with Ronnie
Jackson probably more than a couple ways
of thinking about it but let me give you
two basic schools of thought and see
where you kind of land
this one is this is consistent with what
we've seen with Trump it's sort of an
unconventional pic seemingly announced
spontaneously kind of catches everybody
off guard continues all the sort of
palace intrigue reality show effect so
maybe you've got that or this idea that
Trump is maybe turning a little bit as
president in asserting himself a little
bit more in these personnel decisions
putting a little bit more of his
personal stamp on these personnel
choices not listening even less I guess
to the folks run him how do you how do
you understand this one so a bit from
calm a bit from column B right the
president know is is always casting a
reality show us not the apprentice it's
survivor and he likes to cast people who
look the part that's Christian Walker
said he values what fortunes and loyalty
and stars on the shoulder and people who
are good on TV that's how he casts his
show but I also think for the first year
of his of his job as president he was
encrusted by people the establishment
and in DC put around him people who were
experienced in the ways of Washington
people who are not always synced with
him on policy he is basically pushing
most of those people out and he is the
president he isn't failed to have people
who believe in what he believes in and
at least it also occurs to me that the
proposition here with Ronnie Jackson
going to the VA a troubled and massive
part of our government the proposition
is really almost the same that Trump
offered in the campaign in 2016 it was
there's big problems here the folks who
have the credentials the folks you
normally turn to have screwed it up
they're not going to get you out of it
you need an outsider to do it well you
know I think it's unfair to lump dr.
Ronnie Jackson in with some of the more
inexperienced cabinet picks because he
is a lifelong military doctor he's a
Rear Admiral which means that it's
equivalent to a 1 or 2 star you don't
rise within the Pentagon ranks and not
know how to manage people by the time
you are at that level of promotion and I
think that there's a lot that could
potentially be gained by having a
military doctor run the VA just because
the regular military health care system
isn't synched with the VA system
necessarily and a lot of the more
exploratory treatments that are being
pioneered on the military side you know
such as to combat PTSD aren't
necessarily available to veterans so I
think that this is you know dr. Jackson
is someone who was trusted by President
Bush President Obama and clearly
President Trump and I think it's
actually an exciting pick
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
