the breaking news sessions is not going
to appoint a second special counsel to
investigate the FBI basically to
investigate FISA practices what does
that say to you the Attorney General
says it's just not going to happen well
first it says that he's a man of more
principle than maybe people like me
expected because this is clearly the
right decision not the politicized
decision but I think it might also
indicate and I want to emphasize might
that he realizes that his days are
numbered and then he's kind of dead man
walking at the Justice Department
because you know what's going to happen
on the Trump propaganda channel and in
in the House Republican caucus after
this news they're gonna go nuts over
this and I think they probably will
demand jeff Sessions head and you could
see somebody like Scott Pruett coming in
his attorney general bring us up to
speed one more time though and tell us
why House Republicans wanted this
special counsel well House Republicans
feel that the Justice Department and the
special counsel process has not been
fair to the president especially since
Republicans control all of it all of all
of Washington there has been this
feeling among the base that that Trump
is getting kind of an unfair shake with
all of this and they want to be focusing
on other things particularly Hillary
Clinton you still hear that among
Republicans I think what's interesting
about sessions though I almost take a
lot of his behavior lately as a way to
kind of dare Trump to fire him knowing
that if Trump does that that would spark
a constitutional crisis that it would
only further you know problems for the
administration we saw him be kind of
defiant remember when he was out to
dinner with Rosen style and and other
other movements that he's made and also
it's notable that he was on the cover of
Time magazine this week sure to get a
reaction out of Trump yeah the the joke
is if anything's gonna get him fired
it's gracing the cover of Time magazine
when Donald Trump wants all covers to
himself but but politically speaking it
would be very difficult for Donald
Trump's who fire the Attorney General
which is presumably why he hasn't done
so up to now it would be difficult but
remember the president's already laid
the predicate for this he has said look
I want a cabinet that essentially agrees
with what my views are I want a cabinet
that I'm comfortable with and in that
sense the real sort of defining
characteristic could be
the firing of Jeff Sessions and I think
indeed a lot of this lays the groundwork
for that to happen in the very near
future
how does he confirm though a replacement
for sessions won't that be hard well
that is a big problem for them because
you know that Democrats and even some
Republicans will make whoever the
nominee is to replace sessions promise
that they won't corrupt the mulher and
whoever that nominee is probably not but
you could also you know make an argument
that they can make a recess appointment
and then that person could stay on the
job if it was a Scott Pruett he's the
person Democrats does not have to recess
to stop that
that you've seen that kind of thing
happens sometimes in the past but that
would be a very dramatic move you know
these members of Congress they like
recess like kids so it's it's not at all
clear that they would be able to do that
so you could get a recess appointment
and then for a period of months the
essentially acting Attorney General
who's been named under the recess
appointment could create a lot of
mischief especially if it was Scott
Pruett from the EPA he would you know
based on his performance at the EPA that
he would do everything he could short of
being caught you know obstructing
justice directly to try to undermine
that Muller investigates big thing about
removing sessions and putting anybody
else in his place is that that person
would presumably not have to recuse
themselves from the Russia investigation
thereby negating the need to have rod
Rosenstein who the president doesn't
like and has been outspoken about on
Twitter and then could potentially
encroach on the Moller investigation or
rein it in I just don't see a situation
where Democrats to roll over easily for
any sort of confirmation for any
confirmation for anybody else and
remember we've also got Mike Pompeo that
needs to be confirmed we've got Gina HOF
spell at CIA and she's gonna be
difficult information thing I mean we
all think it's gonna be Pruitt we have
no idea it's Ronnie Jackson no one was
saying hey and we talked about Coby
cosgrove we talked about a number of
different people but but Ronnie Jackson
was on no-one's radar right so in a
similar way I think would be very
careful
terms of saying well yeah I think Pruitt
makes sense for a lot of reasons but he
could pick someone totally undershorts
Democrats I mean there were a lot of
Republicans of course who have worked
with Jeff Sessions for years in the
Senate feel an affinity for him and feel
close to him and feel bad for him that
he's been denigrated by the president of
their own party so I can't see a lot of
Republicans gunning for this either
particularly since well you have House
Republicans kind of on the president's
side on this Senate Republicans have
been not really going which which
Republicans say no to this which
Republicans vote down a confirmation a
confirmation of a new agent the new
agent you know I don't I don't know that
anyone would go that far I think that
there will be solid Republican support
maybe maybe maybe with the exception
maybe Susan Collins you know you might
get few on the margins I think possibly
but you know what they've been very
supportive with nominees they've been
they've all been very supportive of the
president's nominees but that was then
this is now you know they were arguably
hostile toward the president then too
and and so I'm just not sure that they
would go so far as to vote against what
they believe is an otherwise qualified
nominee unless it's someone that's just
completely likely this person is just
completely not qualified to be AG but
but if they're sort of if there is a
case to be made that they could be a
legitimate AG I have a very difficult
time seeing Republicans even Jeff Flake
do they do they also pass legislation
that protects robert muller do you do we
see this with this Tillis legislation
actually go through it depends if this
kind of thing happens but to date we
haven't heard any Republicans talk about
the need to protect the special counsel
even among amid reports recently that
the president you know was it wasn't
that's brought us but there hasn't been
Republican leaders have said that they
don't feel the need to pass anything at
those that made the deal though the
Democrats would make that you have to
pass that legislation in order to get a
new yeah and even that I think Democrats
would be likely to try to delay the
nomination until November until after
the election
they would have more momentum on if if
the election went for the Democrats and
you know they haven't changed the
filibuster rule entirely so the
filibuster would then come into play as
to whether they needed 60 votes to
confirm an Attorney General and I do
think there's a lot of opposition to
Scott Pruett and some other weak might
conceivably nominate some people would
say this is kind of a slow-motion
Saturday night massacre there is
something of a constitutional crisis not
as big a one as if they fired Muller but
something that sort of wreaked of more
obstruction of justice and so this could
get into a situation where the Democrats
don't want to play ball at all and
whether he fires Jeff Sessions or not
you have seen in polling at least
Republicans start to respond saying that
they don't really trust Moeller right
that they don't really like this probe
in the first place so this campaign that
that the president has been waging
against his own Justice Department is
starting to seep in and that might be
kind of his whole point
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me
or click over on this list to see lots
of other great videos
