and joining me now is retiring
Pennsylvania congressman Charlie dent
congressman always good to see you good
to be with you Katie is the GOP only it
does look like it's only gonna get Trump
here now that you were leaving now that
Ross Linton is leaving Costello is
leaving flake is leaving do you need
more of those sorts of people leaving
the Republican Party or less we need
fewer of these people leaving the
Republican Party as I've mentioned
before I I think one of the real
challenges for all of us it seems the
party has been defined to the extent
that you know loyalty to the president
is really the olympos test before Donald
Trump we used to have these ideological
litmus tests you know were you
doctrinaire enough the purity police
were always judging you now that Donald
Trump's president and he's not
ideological and pretty transactional
it's all about loyalty to him given that
do you think it's a good idea though for
moderates to be exiting this party
moderates who could potentially tamp
down on his more extreme impulses his
more hardline impulses Congress is
supposed to be a check on the president
no matter which party you're in you're
supposed to be a check on the president
a check on the executive branch without
people who are willing to do that in the
Republican Party are you guys going to
suffer as a party well you mentioned
some of the seats where members are
retiring you mentioned Lovaas Layton and
Costello myself for freezing highs and
low Biondo these districts will be
extremely difficult for the Republican
Party to hold hold in this midterm
election so to the extent that we lose
members who are considered more centrist
they tend to be in districts that are
more swing or more marginal positions
and those seats can easily flip the
other way so to that extent if I were
the president I would be concerned
because these seats could be filled by
Democrats you know who could be quite
hostile to him do you think it's a good
thing that President Trump won in 2016
well look I didn't I didn't support him
for a whole host of reasons that I've
stated you know numerous times he is the
president and I've said that our job as
members of Congress is to work with the
president when he's on the right track
check him when he's going in the wrong
direction and call him out if he's going
off the rails what happened in western
Pennsylvania
in the in the Connor Lam ciccone race I
mean the the national environment was
toxic clearly and that's what really
drove the dynamics of that race but our
candidate in that race you know did a
full bear hug around the president said
he beat Trump's wingman Trump before
Trump and I think a lot of members are
miss reading their districts are people
running these seats and that's the you
know the president wanted by 20 points
but you shouldn't look at it as a plus
20 Trump district it could be a minus 20
Hillary District there are a lot of
people who voted for the president with
reservations and they expect their
Congressman even if they might support
the President on some issues to serve as
a check from time to time you know to
make sure to stop him from his worst
impulses and I think that was a mistake
that the candidate made there that just
by fully embracing the president he just
thought that everybody voted for the
president just loved him when in fact
maybe they want on the big check from
time to time let me ask us to know this
in another way would this country be in
a better place if Hillary Clinton won in
2016 oh I don't know I mean we would
still be very divided instead of the
Republicans being you know on the
defensive in the midterms that Democrats
would be in a very defensive position I
mean she was III couldn't support
Hillary Clinton either but the bottom
line is we'd still be a very divided
country because people voted for Donald
Trump in large part because they wanted
to change you know risky as that was
they're willing to take that type of a
risk just because they want to change so
badly let's talk about the president's
choices Ronnie
Jackson to head the VA the rear admiral
Admiral who is also the president's
physician do you think that he's
qualified to lead a giant agency one
that has been in such turmoil well let
me just first say something about dr.
Shulkin I had a lot of confidence in
Dave shulk and I worked with him both
during the Obama administration now
during the Trump administration it's a
big loss the man was very competent he's
from the Philadelphia region he's you
know well known in our region in the
hospital and in the hospital community a
capable administrator obviously a
physician and I'm concerned he was you
know doing a great job trying to get
these veterans choice programs
consolidated integrated health record
with the DoD and the VA all very much
moving quickly under
his watch now we have a doctor Jackson I
don't really know much about him I hope
I hope he has the skills that dr.
Shulkin hat again Shulkin being a
physician but also sophisticated in how
healthcare systems operate and was doing
a very good job implementing the choice
program making sure veterans had options
outside the VA system nearly 36% of
veterans are being cared for outside of
the VA they're being cared for through
choice or other care in the community
programs and I want to see that trend
continue do you want there to be
privatization of the VA well what I
believe Katie is that we need to better
integrate the civilian in the veteran's
health systems it is absurd that where I
live in Allentown Pennsylvania
my my veterans must go to wilkes-barre
Pennsylvania 60 miles away for in for a
scheduled inpatient procedures that can
be done easily in the community my
veterans want to be served in the
communities where they live no we
educated our veterans you know we didn't
create it we we called the GI Bill we
never created veteran's colleges or
universities we sent them to the public
and private institutions of higher
learning we educated them was a great
investment I believe we must better
integrate the veterans into the
community but by the way I would also
mention the VA health system is needed
it should be more specialized focused on
things like traumatic brain injury
behavioral health prosthetic limbs
service-connected issues but you know
but should the VA be delivering babies
no and they're not and we're moving them
into the community and their other areas
if a woman can contracts breast cancer
or an aging veteran needs a knee
replacement that should be done in the
community as to the greatest extent
possible some might call that
privatization I call that integration we
didn't call it privatization when we put
when we sent veterans to go to Penn
State or to Harvard or you know pick
your favorite higher education it that
was the right way to go last much now
that health care I'm sorry going I'm
sorry there's good health care look it's
health care has changed a lot in the
last 60 years we need to better
integrate this we would have never set
up a system like this in 2018 that we
would set up after the Second World War
last question just on politics according
to Pew six and ten millennia
oles now identify as Democrats does that
concern you yeah it does I have young
too I have children who are you know 20
23 22 and 18 and yeah I worry I talked a
lot of these young people and and
they're concerned about where my party
is going you know Republicans are we
tend to do much better at people over
the age of 50 it's the under 50
population where we are having a lot of
problems and we're gonna have to do a
better job demographically reaching out
to Latinos Asian Americans young people
LGBT community they men didn't think
that we are a bit too exclusive you know
building a party is about inclusion not
exclusion addition not subtraction and I
think at times you know we were acting
like this is a club yeah rather than a
broader organization more difficult
under Donald Trump for sure
congressman dent thank you very much hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
