Facebook is making changes amid the fury
over how it's been handling your
personal data the latest move shuts down
a program that enables third party data
providers from targeting certain users
that the company says it will help
improve user privacy Facebook is facing
at least five lawsuits in federal court
all of it coming because of allegations
that Cambridge analytic harvested the
personal information of 50 million
unsuspecting Facebook users back in 2013
and 2014 now if you're worried about
Facebook's handling of your data wait
until you hear about what Google is
doing a technology consultants tweet
storm recently went viral after he
discovered just how much of his
information Google was storing without
him realizing it Dylan Curran says after
requesting his data he found that Google
stores your location every time you turn
on your phone if that setting is on he
posted a picture from Google that showed
every location he'd been to in Ireland
for the past year the timeline included
what time he was there how long it took
him to get from one place to the other
Dylan says Google creates an ad profile
based on your information including
gender age hobbies income even your
weight if that's not enough Google also
stores your bookmarks emails contacts
Google Drive files YouTube videos photos
taken on your phone products you bought
through Google in a statement a Google
spokesperson says in order to make the
privacy choices that are right for them
if the essential people can understand
and control their Google data so over
the years we've developed tools like my
account expressly for this purpose we'd
encourage everyone to review it
regularly
joining me now Ben Popkin NBC News
senior business reporter who just wrote
all about this for NBC News calm and
MSNBC anchor and correspondent David
guru who covers business and the economy
so Ben it seems to me like what Google
is saying to you was this is your
responsibility not ours right I mean
they've been saying we've been doing
this for years and we've given you the
link to go check it out for years my
account google.com but I think writing
that down
my account Google and the but yeah the
onus is on the consumer we kind of think
all right we give up a little prior data
maybe you know the advertisers know but
to this extent I mean when you have
somebody like this guy who's probably
smarter than the average person about
what's going on in this business is
shocked by it right it's different to
see it laid out there one by one and if
this can kind of horrify even an IT
consultant you know regular America is
waking up to all right so how do we see
all this information David Lyford Mike
was my Google we know my date Mike I was
struck there just by how beautifully
this is Illustrated for you I think it's
through the the inherent passivity of
this all that Google's collecting
without us knowing just because we want
it to be fast or easy it's display their
beautiful screenshots that we saw it
also display beautifully for advertisers
as well I went to check and had sort of
my profile a bit wrongs that I was older
lived elsewhere but it is astonishing
just to see all that they've collected
and and you know I guess they use it
differently than Facebook might but
still just I don't even know how much I
wish yeah that's interesting apples Tim
Cook the fascinating interview that's
gonna air next week he went after
Facebook and Mark Zuckerberg in this
exclusive interview on MSNBC all this is
about privacy let's take a listen we
could make a ton of money if we
monetized our customer if our customer
was our product we could make a ton of
money we've elected not to do that what
would you do what would I do I wouldn't
be in the situation well I mean that's
how Zuckerberg makes his money right so
I mean this see this says to me Tim Cook
is saying we need regulation
yeah there's it's kind of a wild and
woolly and unregulated world for these
platforms they've been collecting vast
treasure troves of our data largely
unbeknownst to this sort of sleeping
great masses and it seems like some kind
of regulation is coming they've they've
had a chance to fix this
Facebook knew about the Cambridge
analytical violations for a year
and they didn't do anything until their
hand was caught and they won't say
whether or not Decker burgers gonna go
before Congress or when so we're waiting
to hear that and then you have Amazon
and the president and these reports that
he really wants something done about
Amazon that he has friends who are
whispering in his ear and saying this is
killing shopping malls this is killing a
lot of businesses we're seeing
businesses like Toys R Us going out of
business and he even tweeted about it
today I have stated my concerns with
Amazon long before the election unlike
others they pay little or no taxes to
state and local governments use our
postal system as their delivery boy
causing tremendous loss to the US and
are putting many thousands of retailers
out of business is this true there are
many things wrong with that when you
look at the taxes in particular Amazon
has actually been fairly progressive at
paying taxes as States to men they do
this goes back to 1967 a law that if you
are a catalog company you don't have to
pay sales tax if you don't have a
physical presence in the state you're
doing business in the Supreme Court has
taken this up time and time again
they're going to next month as well but
to the point out regulation I think
there's been this gulf between
Washington DC and Silicon Valley Silicon
Valley because of that Geographic
removed because of all that these
companies were doing were able to enjoy
life without much influence from
government we're seeing that starting to
change I think in the context of
Cambridge analytical as well you had
Chris Wiley that whistleblower
testifying before UK Parliament this
week it went on for hours there was a
real sense there that lawmakers they
were trying to reckon with all that
these companies are doing now I think
the same thing is starting to happen
more and more in DC yeah one of the
other stunning things that he said in
that testimony in the UK is we're under
estimating actually the number of people
whose data was used in this way
thank you guys appreciate it Ben and
David appreciate it hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click Subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
