I want to bring in more on the breaking
developments in the stormy Daniels
controversy and MSNBC's chief legal
correspondent Ari Melba for a little bit
more perspective here our what do you
make of this you hear the conversation
that I'm having with my panel that this
might be a temporary reprieve for
president Trump is that correct analysis
this ruling basically is saying that now
is not the time to get to the bottom of
whether the president may someday be
deposed in this matter
so this is a rejection of that in the
near term the president will not be
ordered to be deposed in this stormy
Daniels litigation at this time but it
relieves open the entire debate for
later and courts often do this yeah we
all know from watching the Supreme Court
to pick a more important Court than this
particular case that they will often say
we're not looking at that now and it
doesn't tell you anything about a
whether they'll look at it later and be
how they would ultimately rule that's
the legal part the practical part though
Kristen is still good news for the White
House if they don't like this story
which is no one in the judicial system
right now forcing the president to do
anything or or be deposed on this matter
but Ari does it raise questions about
the strategy this very tough strategy
that we're seeing being unleashed by
Michael avenatti and stormy Daniels they
were going full speed ahead
60 minutes this new court filing to try
to depose the president now they've been
blocked does it raise questions about
whether this is an effective strategy or
whether Michael avenatti overplayed his
hand well I think the question about the
hand that was played in the in the
public domain in 60 minutes is very much
alive we know that more Americans watch
that in any episode 60 minutes in a
decade so I think people can watch that
make up their own minds about whether
it's remarkable to have a sitting
president effectively trying to silence
a woman over what is only alleged to be
a quote unquote consensual affair
meaning why go to these lengths to
silence someone that alone being a big
deal or whether they feel that too much
was promised or enough time has been
given to this there's a lot of other
important stuff I mean that's all in the
public the legal question you're driving
out here though is is the strategy
working we don't know yet I mean I would
just say this happens pretty routinely
lawyers make moves they want to push
things ahead
this is the court saying that because of
the legal status and I can get into it
although I don't think it the details
matter that much in this particular case
but because of the notion that mr. Trump
and mr. Cohen have not formally
responded yet that they are not actually
compelling in the eyes of the court an
arbitration proceeding means that it's
not to use the legal jargon it's not
ripe yet so one way to look at it is you
know the musician nas used to say he was
always unscheduled never on time there's
an element of that here the schedule for
a fight over the deposition will still
come in the future this is not the time
that's what the court is saying to mr.
avenatti hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
