at least I'm going to show you something
that Jeremy said on this show that blew
my mind I had to go and and have mommy
water earlier than usual after he said
this let's watch it's possible that
Russia actually sent and dispatched Paul
Manafort to the Trump campaign or at
least that once Paul Manta Ford attached
himself to the Trump campaign the
Russian said okay our Asian is now on
the inside and that they try to
manipulate the campaign not just through
propaganda not just through Russia today
but also through agents of influence I
think ultimately when it comes down to
it it's the only thing it's possible
that they're gonna want to find out if
Manta fort was a Russian plant is that
one of the questions the investigation
is gonna try to answer absolutely so I
thought you know I love you Jeremy bash
but yeah I thought you were crank right
when you said that at least Jordan it
doesn't sound so crazy now that holds up
really well so what I found so
interesting about this particular
element of the investigation I spoke
today with a democracy promotion
activist who worked in the Ukraine and
former former Soviet states during this
time frame and Konstantin : Nick is a
known quantity everyone knew that he was
former GRU and that there was an element
of shady but the maritime this is the
man afford aid so he wasn't able to get
work with say IRI after a certain time
period he wasn't able to work with any
of the officially sanctioned
organizations over there and he
transitioned over into Paul Manafort
world so from the get-go when the RNC
platform committee change happened when
Paul Manafort we became more Russia yes
we mullah Konstantin columbic known as
KK came to the US and visited with Paul
manna for democracy promotion activists
have just had their antenna up so they
they they saw this coming this is now
obviously well known to Bob Muller we
learned about it in the charging
documents for a Dutch lawyer do you do
you think that we give the collusion
investigation and short shrift in terms
of how we talk about it and how we cover
Muller's work because there are all
these get the KK and the GRU which I've
watched too much Despicable Me
I mean do we give short shrift and are
we sort of ignoring what's right in
front of our eyes the collusion is now
established between the Trump campaign
and the Russians and that this
development is is simply making that
collusion more likely a conspiracy in
that it was between the the top
representative the president's campaign
and known Russian intelligence officials
the key open question is whether there
was a quid pro quo if you guys do this
we'll do this
but look at the pattern so far here's a
list of people who had direct or
indirect connection to Russian assets to
the Russian world Manta Ford gates stone
Papadopoulos Don jr. Flynn hey Erik
Prince Paige this is like having a
corner office in Trump HQ can you
imagine any other campaign you can think
of talk to Russians then there are west
wing staffers with top-level security
clearances who worked on the goods Bruce
so this is a very dense web of contact
and yes it does matter what was arranged
well what can be proven about agreements
and discussions but look the collusion
the discussion is there it's established
it's there
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
