let's get to first that report from the
New York Times for which Michael Schmitt
was part of the reporting team it says
that President Trump's the former had a
president Trump's legal team John Dowd
raised the prospect of presidential
pardons for former national security
adviser Michael Flynn and former Trump
campaign chair Paul Manafort just as
special counsel Robert Muller was
building a case against them three
sources tell the New York Times that
doubts conversation with Michael Flint's
lawyer occurred sometime after Dowd took
over last summer as the president's
personal lawyer at a time when a grand
jury was hearing evidence against Flynn
on a range of potential crimes
The Times also reports that the pardon
discussion with Paul men affords
attorney came before his client was
indicted in October the Washington Post
reports that one person familiar with
the outreach said Dowd over the summer
relayed to men affords lawyers that a
pardon was a possibility the FBI raided
men affords home in the early morning
hours of July 26th yesterday Dow told
the New York Times quote there were no
discussions period as far as I know no
discussion White House Special Counsel
Ty Cobb said in a statement quote I have
only been asked about pardons by the
press and have routinely responded on
the record that no pardons are under
discussion or under consideration at the
White House but others with roles in the
Trump White House say there have been
pardoned conversations and are
reportedly talking to the special
counsel about it to people with
knowledge tell the New York Times that
during interviews with Muller's
investigators in recent months current
and former administration officials have
recounted conversations they had with
the president about potential pardons
for former aides under investigation
according to a person briefed on the
conversation in one meeting with lawyers
from the White House counsel's office
last year Trump asked about the extent
of his pardon power the lawyers
explained that the president's powers
were broad and in other meetings with
senior advisors to sources present
say the president raised the prospect of
pardoning Michael Flynn this yes so
Michael Schmitt jondells louse
your report is inaccurate tell us about
it well the interesting thing about what
Dad said yesterday is that while he said
it was inaccurate he echoed other parts
of our reporting and that was that he
thought the case against Flynn was
flimsy he said what would we have
pardoned Flynn for Comey said he did
nothing wrong Sally ate said he did
nothing wrong I don't know what he did
wrong and that echoes what we had heard
which was that the president thought it
was a nonsense matter related to Flynn
and that they were that was part of the
argument when he talked to his lawyer he
said why why would you plead to such a
thing we can take you out this way the
thing that you have to understand about
all this is that it comes back to one
very basic question was John Dowd on out
on his own freelancing was he simply
just running his mouth talking to other
lawyers or was he doing this at the
behest of the president people didn't
like me yeah Michael Smith though you
have the president United States himself
talking to people asking about the
possibility of the Flynn pardon asking
about what he can and can't do as
president the United States pardoning
pardoning others so that does seem
unlikely the Dowd would be going out on
his own without the president's support
or advice isn't it well people that know
Dowd say they find it hard to believe
that he having such a high-profile
client with such power would go out and
do such a aggressive thing it would make
have such aggressive discussions with
that at the same time what you have to
understand about doubt is that he's done
a lot of undisciplined things here he's
made a lot of unforced errors throughout
his time as the president's lawyer
including most recently with the
statement that he put out although he
looks like we had been told he did it at
the president's behest but that's the
thing and when Muller keys in on this
issue that's what he'll have to figure
out yeah Jonathan Turley there is a bit
of a split like so many
of like so many the questions that
surround Bob Muller's investigation
there is a split of legal opinion on the
president's power to pardon is it an
absolute power is it a power that the
founders never intended for president he
used to protect himself so once again
just like in dining a president the
question of whether a president could
obstruct justice by dangling the
prospects of a pardon out in front of
people that are subject to a probe that
goes back to the president the end of
the day once again a legal issue with a
big question mark over it that a
judiciary that is appearing to be more
and more hostile towards the President
of the United States will have to take
up well I think that's certainly a
prospect I think what we can say for
certainties obviously the president can
pardon Flynn we saw in George Bush
Senior he pardoned people in the
iran-contra affair that could have
potentially incriminating him but they
did not ultimately in that scandal I but
in terms of obstruction I think what
we've to keep in mind is that the
president asking for the scope
description of the scope of his
authority is not going to be any type of
obstruction the issue of an attorney for
the president going to a potential
witness and offering a pardon obviously
gets closer because obstruction cases
are basically a quilt-like allegation
it's composed of a number of insular
acts that individually might not be
incriminating but together form a
different picture and what would be
curious about this if the John Dowd is
lying if he did in fact raise this issue
it's just truly baffling there's no
reason why he would have to mention that
it would be obvious to everyone that
that power exists and so the question is
why would you even broach the subject
given the potential as we see now the
other problem for John Dowd is that if
there's credibility to this report it's
obviously coming from a credible source
it does
does create the chance that he could be
pulled from a grand jury more has not
been intimidated by attorney-client
privilege many of us have criticized him
in the past for his calling of attorneys
and essentially turning them into
witnesses against clients he's the type
of guy that tends to pool attorneys into
grand juries and Joyce Vance here we
have once again a situation where Bob
Muller knows all if you have a question
of whether John Dowd floated the idea or
Donald Trump floated the idea of a
pardon in front of Michael Flynn guess
who knows better than anybody
Bob Muller because he's been talking to
Michael Flynn for a very long time it
really is remarkable that there's hardly
a story that we're reading about in the
New York Times The Washington Post Wall
Street Journal or any newspaper that Bob
Muller hasn't already been digging into
for months now
that's how it always is when you're a
prosecutor you're reading in the press
frequently about evidence that you took
in the grand jury the previous month or
a couple of months ago
very often the press gets it wrong or
the story is incomplete so I think it's
a safe bet that Muller and his team know
a lot more than what's become publicly
available here
what I you know I look at this evidence
a little bit more strongly than Jonathan
does I think evidence that the
president's personal lawyer dangled
pardons in front of two key witnesses
potentially against the president that's
evidence any prosecutor would be proud
to have in a courtroom it's possible
that the president could take an action
that's legal on the one hand issuing a
pardon but to do it for an improper
motive and we know that this is a legal
problem we all remember governor Rod
Blagojevich in Chicago who did something
that was absolutely legal and within his
power he appointed a new senator to fill
a vacancy but he took a bribe and the
entire course of conduct involved was
illegal so it's possible that both
things can be true Trump can issue a
pardon but it can also be part of an
illegal course of conduct and that means
the question
really is that age-old question what did
the president know and when did he know
it well you know I I would just caution
one aspect about this that is there was
a joint defense agreement with many of
these defendants there's a lot of
discussion between attorneys clearly if
I was defense counsel for Flynn a pardon
would have weighed heavily in my
calculations of what to do for my client
and so this is by no means something
that's unexpected it's a subject that no
doubt was being discussed on the defense
side I think these are pretty small
stitches to make out an obstruction case
that doesn't mean that this quilt can't
be created but I think people who
shouldn't overplay it
well you it's small stitches in a very
large quilt perhaps but me if you
remember it was who is michael Flynn who
said of this legal defense fund that
people were talking about putting
together hey I want no part of that and
then when there were talks of pardons he
said hey no part of that either because
Robert Muller actually gave general
Flynn what many would consider a
sweetheart deal when this is a man who
could have possibly been brought up on
kidnapping charges being part of a
conspiracy to kidnap somebody and
instead all he got was a very minor
charge and he's been talking to Bob
Muller for a very long time that's why
that's why it would make so little sense
for Dowd to be lying he appears to be
lying but then again it didn't make any
sense for gates to lie while he was
offering his proffer to Muller but he
did that anyway these people just
apparently still make it don't
understand who are they're dealing with
when they cross paths and don't tell the
truth
- Robert Muller thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
