well we're learning that Robert Muller's
team has formally alleged a link between
two top Trump campaign officials and
Russian intelligence during the 2016
campaign in court documents filed late
Tuesday the FBI says that Trump campaign
chair Paul Manafort and his deputy Rick
Gates were in contact with a person who
had an ongoing relationship with Russian
intelligence and allege that Gates said
he knew that the person was a former
Russian intelligence officer the
revelation came and presented in the
pre-sentencing report for Alex
vanderzwaan who pleaded guilty to lying
to federal investigators about his
contact with gates according to the
document vanderzwaan had a series of
calls with gates and until an
intelligence officer identified as
person a in September and October of
2016 the conversations concerned
potential criminal charges in Ukraine
the talks occurred while gates still
worked on the campaign and he is now
cooperating with the probe raising the
question posed by Politico how much is
he telling Muller about Trump men afford
under a court imposed gag order declined
to comment the news keeps getting worse
well it does and Jonathan Turley let's
go back to you here we have an example
of a high-ranking official in the Trump
campaign telling Bob Muller supposedly
from what we can gather that he had
contact with a Russian Intel officer in
the heat of the presidential campaign
what's the impact well it obviously
doesn't look good and it's something
that Muller is rightfully pursuing it
it's it's it's bothersome when every
time we finding new characters like
they're a walk-on for the Pirates of
Penzance I mean it's like all of these
characters are not exactly redeeming and
you wonder where they find all these now
the only defense that the Trump team I
think would likely raise is that this
dealt with with a criminal charge in the
Ukraine it's not clear they were
discussing the campaign but this Russian
saturated circle of friends is is rather
disturbing and
obviously Muller is a great deal to work
with here well you know if you go back
to let's say you go back to the months
in between the election Steve Rattner
and Donald Trump's inauguration or you
just look at what was said in January in
February of 2017 by people like Mike
Pence Donald Trump Sean Spicer other
people connected to this campaign they
categorically denied talking to any
Russians Mike Pence famously saying we
only spoke to citizens of the United
States and and there were blanket
denials that they ever spoke to any
Russians during the campaign this was of
course after they had the meeting in Don
Junior's office after manna fort and and
gates apparently had meetings and and
and spoke to one Russian contact after
another after Jeff Sessions I had so
many meetings with Russians but forgot
all of them after Jared Kushner did the
same and forgot to write all of those
meetings down on his disclosure forms
yes it's we have this drip drip drip so
now here we are finding out in March of
2018 that in fact there was contact
between the highest levels of the Trump
campaign and Russian Intel officers
maybe that's not quite as shocking as it
was back in January of 2017 but you know
it just the the the water just keeps
getting warmer and warmer and you can
almost see this the boils start up yeah
look and of course you have Trump
himself having said repeatedly that he
had no contact with the Russians he had
no business with the Russians he barely
knew any Russians and then there's a
compendium of examples already of
business that Trump did with the
Russians a lot along what we don't
already know about and while obviously
some of these connections we can't make
yet maybe Muller has made them it is
pretty extraordinary that every time you
turn over a rock you find a Russian
under it and it it just seems to it just
there's a lot of smoke we don't have the
act
we'll fire yet but there's too much
going on here not to believe we're going
to find out a lot more stuff you know
Nick confessori it seems when you look
at this story as it unfolds especially
yesterday is the link to Russia the
direct link to Russia there's no such
thing as a former Russian intelligence
official a member of the GRU but you
have to ask yourself the question and
wonder how much more can they pile can
the special prosecutor pile on manna
fort in order to get him to finally
collapse and cooperate look the real
thing he has on manna Ford is financial
crimes his money-laundering over a long
career of making money abroad and
allegedly secret Inge in Caymans
accounts and accounts in Cyprus and
bringing it back on shore he can put
manna far away for a long time just on
that mmm right and manna Ford knows a
lot about Trump and what we're seeing
now is the long list of people in Trump
world who had connections or contacts
with one kind of Russian or another
somewhat obvious Kremlin ties some less
obviously we're talking Kushner Madoff
or gates Flynn and the list goes on and
on that there was a constant web of
relationships and when you step back and
look at all of them you start to wonder
like was there a corner office and Trump
Tower hmm or they would come and hang
out because it is so overwhelming forget
collusion these were just relationships
that they had they were deeply
intertwined
yeah deeply intertwined and again
relationships weak at that time and
again the everybody it seems inside the
Trump administration and on the Trump
campaign lied they lied repeatedly about
meetings that they had with Russians
they lied about meetings that they had
in Don juniors office they lied about
how health that that meeting came
together the President of the United
States himself drafted up a statement
that said that the meeting was all about
adoptions in Russia when in fact the
meetings were about as we now know them
possibly colluding with the Russians to
get dirt on Hillary Clinton
one lie after another lie after another
lie and it's not just Bob Mahler that
would look at the the repeated lies over
a year and a half to newspapers and to
the press about what they were doing
with the Russians I'm trying to gather
intent it's it's any prosecutor would be
asking why they were doing this and at
some point Americans even those that
voted for Donald Trump will be asking
the same two I mean the president loves
running around sinc no collusion no
collusion maybe he's right yeah maybe
he's wrong maybe we just have to let
this investigation play out to its
proper ending because I know the
information that came out yesterday was
a bombshell for everybody yes I'm gonna
get to that right now but imagine last
July the president was tweeting about
his pardon power so I'm sure Muller's
team is just sitting watching these
tweets go by letting the tweets to
report to an extent speak for themselves
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
