if it that's an investigation is a
investigation well as we saw earlier
that was New Jersey Senator Bob Menendez
his pithy reaction to the FBI report on
Brett Kavanaugh seems like he has
adopted the same language choice that
Lindsey Graham is adopting welcome to
the new United States Senate anyway it's
a sentiment shared by most Senate
Democrats although they may not have
used those particular words it's a
sentiment also shared by Christine blase
Ford's legal team which was furious that
the woman whose accusations led to that
investigation wasn't even interviewed as
part of it in a letter to FBI director
Christopher ray the legal team calls the
investigation conducted over the past
five days quote a stain in the process
on the FBI and our American ideal of
justice with me now has been witness
MSNBC legal analyst and editor-in-chief
of law fair he's also a senior fellow at
the Brookings Institute and he knows
Brett Kavanaugh personally I think you
call him a friend you think now I do but
I I mean I after what I wrote this week
I wouldn't be surprised if he doesn't
consider it that way so would you have
written that piece you wrote a piece in
the Atlantic that basically I know Brett
Kavanaugh you sort of regret you were
you publicly write that you sort of
regret that you have come to this
conclusion would you have come to that
conclusion before dr. Ford and his
testimony before the controversy were
you with his first confirmation airing
did you find that satisfactory oh very
much so I mean and in fact one of the
reasons that i vouched for his character
was that a lot of people were accusing
him of lying in that and I thought those
allegations didn't have merit and said
so and said nice things about him and
his character in that context and that's
one of the reasons I felt it felt it
necessary to comment separately on the
hearing last week you're obviously
extraordinary familiar with how the law
enforcement process works background
checks how I saw the stuff works so I'm
gonna positive theory here there's one
of the things that has been a
head-scratcher for a lot of us is why
judge Kavanaugh was so reluctant to just
admit yeah I may have may may have liked
beer a little bit too much in high
school in college not been a problem
since and there's
record to indicate but walk me through
the background check system you know
they kept saying he'd been through six
of these it how specific when it comes
to questions about alcohol and questions
about if heavy drinking does it get is
it possible he was worried about looking
like he was contradicting a previous
background check which of course would
have led to lying to the FBI so I you
know I don't want to speculate about
motives and I don't want to speculate
about you know facts not in evidence
and I want to be clear that I'm
generally familiar with the background
check process but I've never been
through it and I'm not you know it's not
something I'm sure I have been called
many many time as I look questions about
abuse of alcohol and illegal drugs are
routinely asked and the they go these in
background investigations go back aways
and so you know if you imagine that
there was you know a certain amount of
very heavy drinking early in his you
know late teenager an early adult life
and that it didn't continue into his
significant professional life you could
imagine that they just wouldn't have
talked to people who knew him in the
round put up a full screen here we have
we have sf-86 questions on alcohol and
one of the background checks here to
quit twenty five point one twenty four
point two twenty four point three twenty
four point four are the different
questions alcohol in the last seven days
as your alcohol had a negative impact on
your work have you ever been ordered
advised or asked to see counseling or
treatment is another version if you ever
voluntarily sought counseling or
treatment and then have you ever
received counseling or treatment so
these are the various types of questions
when it comes to the to the use of
alcohol and the first time he got this
background check we've got estimating
was probably it was in the Ken Starr era
so he's probably in his early 30s right
so look those words in the last seven
years and those words have you ever
sought treatment right I remember the
end last seven years was a buzz was a
buzz time period during george w bush
and that presidency when democrats were
convinced somehow he may have messed up
a background check yeah and look there's
there's a lot of opportunity
you know these are time delineated
questions and the the have you ever
questions tend to refer to things like
you know seeking treatment gotten
treatment being ordered to get treatment
and so I think it's perfectly plausible
that you know you could have a period of
being quite the frat boy and it not
necessarily show up it you know 10 years
later 15 years later alright let's talk
about this investigation itself what
would what did you envision it was going
to be in a one-week period other than
what we saw well I certainly envisioned
it would be more comprehensive than it
was that you know you thought it could
have been even more comprehensive than
what we saw because I thought this is
about the best we could expect well so I
I guess I I fully expected them to do
what they did but I also thought you
know if you're trying to evaluate her
story one component of her story that
the entire thing hinges on is you know a
certain pattern there are certain claims
about alcohol use in you know in the in
a particular culture and they do not
seem to have evaluated that claim which
strikes me as an important background
you think that is important here I mean
her claim is a very specific incident
and a very specific time period some of
these other claims and I guess are you
trying to establish that he blacked out
and if you're trying to establish a
blacked out then I guess I get what
you're saying you know if your mission
was to investigate this incident and how
far were you should you have gone well I
mean I guess the I guess the question is
you want to verify first of all whether
you can corroborate the specific claims
in this incident but secondly whether
the specific claims in this instant
incident are plausible given what you
what you know and it does seem to me
that the question of for example is the
house that they were hanging out at on
July 1st 1982 is it consistent the
floorplan of it is it consistent with
her memory that she described of where
this event happened that would it seems
to me tend to validate it if he had a
pattern of drinking at that time in the
fashion that she's describing them
drinking at the time that would tend to
validate it if he doesn't that would
tend to negatively corroborate so there
are questions beyond the specific
corroboration of the specific incident
that strike me as germane that said I
don't think a general inquest into his
you know into his how much he liked beer
in his late teens and early 20s is
appropriate at all I'm went too long
with you but one final question do you
think a justice Kavanagh owes the public
some sort of explanation for his
partisan out outburst
I think the partisan outburst was you
believe that's disqualified I think that
is actually it was incredibly
inappropriate and and that over you was
disclosed if I were a senator that alone
would give me a real problem voting to
confirm him that said you know once you
were confirmed as a justice you get a
vote and the result of getting a vote is
that you kind of get to be whoever you
want to be and so it is ultimately gonna
be up to him whether and how he tries to
establish that we should have confidence
in him right so it is on him it's on him
that's a fair point then what it's a lot
of wisdom with you always telling thank
you for coming on and you're good to see
you that's to see you hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more meet the press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
