welcome back everybody joining us from
Washington with a look at Axios am
co-founder and CEO of Axios Jim VandeHei
Jim good morning to you talk to us about
what this morning is one big thing is
yeah we take a look at there's so much
coverage these days about how easy it is
to get booted from the Trump White House
if you're either talking smack about him
internally or if you're upstaging him we
looked at what does it actually take to
thrive and survive and there are some
tactics that allow some of these aides
to stay there for a year possibly make
it a couple a couple of years first and
foremost is you have to really suck up
to the boss particularly on TV and the
two people who are genius at this are
Stephen Miller who's a policy adviser
and vice president Mike Pence if you
watch them in public they are always on
message they're always praising the
leader and they're never critical even
in smaller gatherings off of TV that's
huge
to is if you work on an esoteric topic
so if you're working on an economic
issue that's not tax cuts or if you're
the energy secretary and you're working
on energy issues the president doesn't
care about he's just not paying
attention to you as long as you keep a
low profile
you're fine the third one a big one is
are you family
obviously he protects his daughter in
his son-in-law but there's people like
hope Hicks who left yesterday who really
do become like family to the president
and they are untouchable internally so
Jim we've talked a lot about how Jared
Kushner could be on his way out because
of his business dealings because of his
lack of security clearance but it seems
to me because of your reporting that you
don't think that could feasibly happen
in the coming future that the president
would actually ask his daughter and
son-in-law to leave the White House and
head back to New York you never know
with this White House but so far no
there's been story after story that
they're on thin ice that they don't get
along with the chief of staff yet they
always survive family always survives
and by the way this predates the White
House the president's always surrounded
himself with a small group of people
that stick with him and that he sticks
with it's a really small group of people
compared to most previous presidents but
he does stick with them loyalty is huge
look at what happened yesterday so the
VA secretary has fired who is he
replaced with he's replaced with the
president
personal physician why because the
president has a personal rapport with
him he's seen him on TV defending him he
believes that he would be loyal to him a
lot of people would say well why would
your personal physician be qualified to
run one of the most important agencies
in the world but to the president
loyalty always Trump's everything else
but is interesting that you bring up
family and you bring up loyalty but
there are also those that have stayed in
the White House gym that have sort of
stayed on the fray of the White House
the president doesn't even know and
they've been able to sort of maintain
their safety in their position in the
White House absolutely if you're do
again like the president has a few
issues that he cares about if you're on
the other topics like energy a lot of
the environmental stuff as long as
you're keeping your head down he doesn't
pay that much attention to it the ones
that he does pay attention to trade in
China look at Peter Navarro so your
viewers know him because they watch you
every morning and talked a lot about
trade he's the most important trade
advisor internally every couple of
months you hear a lot of people saying
he's gonna get fired he's gonna get
fired
and he's always getting elevated because
he's a true believer on the one topic
that the president has been consistently
a true believer on so if you're with him
on the big topics consistently even in
tough times another way to survive and
by the way this is a tough White House
to thrive in it's not like others it's
so chaotic
you're constantly fretting about your
standing there's a lot more backbiting
than I've ever seen in previous White
House's so that Survival Guide here
really does matter because as people
think about taking jobs and there's a
lot of jobs now to fill people have to
figure out whether or not they can do a
gut-check can I pull this off yeah now
the living question is who's next if
there is an actual event hi thank you
we're gonna be reading actually say I
haven't just a little while you two can
sign up for the newsletter at Axios calm
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
