here's the business website of a man
named Tim glister he's British
he works for or at least he used to work
for the British parent company of
Cambridge analytic a firm called SCL and
you can see here that this British guy
brags on his website he touts his
experience working in the u.s. in the
2014 midterm elections specifically
working to elect Tom Tillis to be a
Republican senator from North Carolina
mr. glister says on his website quote in
2014 I spent three months in North
Carolina with an SCL consultancy team
helping Tom Tillis help helping Tom
Tillis is successful senatorial campaign
create highly targeted advertising that
harnessed SDL's national database of
voter issue sentiments and psychographic
profiles in an extremely crowded market
we helped the Tillis campaign create a
raft of communications across platforms
that engaged voters with the issues they
personally cared about and delivered
victory against the prediction of
traditional polls and then he on his
website he shows an ad from that
election to illustrate his work on
behalf of of Tom Tillis during that
election which is weird because from
what we can see this guy is not American
he's British an American law says only
American citizens are allowed to
directly or indirectly participate in US
political campaigns at any sort of level
that involves decision making about the
campaign you can you can hire non
Americans to lick envelopes or whatever
but hiring them to what does he say to
help Tom Tillis is senatorial campaign
create highly targeted advertising
harnessing SDL's national database of
voter issue sentiment and psychographic
profiles having somebody not American do
that that might be a little much for
American law so first of all this raises
question of foreigners working on US
campaigns but second of all this is
about Cambridge analytic ah the data
firm for the Trump campaign and put that
same quote up again this is this guy's
bragging about the harnessing of the
Cambridge analytic database the national
database
according to Cambridge analytical
whistleblowers that database is the one
they obtained illicit ly from Facebook
they took private data from more than 50
million Americans without permission
they
to a stealth software package put
together by a professor who was jointly
employed by Cambridge University and a
university in Russia Cambridge analytic
founded and funded by Trump donor Robert
Mercer worked on a whole bunch of
Republican campaigns in 2014 they then
went on to be the data firm for the
Trump presidential campaign in 2016 over
the last week and a half Cambridge
analytic ah and their parent company SEL
they've come under intense scrutiny
they've out stood their CEO they got
kicked off of Facebook they had their
London offices raided by British
authorities they've come under formal
investigation not just by British law
enforcement and Parliament but also by
the European Union and then there's this
yesterday British Parliament held an
emergency debate and took testimony on
allegations that companies linked to
Cambridge analytic I may have been used
to dump tons of illegal money into the
British brexit campaign to leave the
European Union now part of that
allegation from a disgruntled co-founder
of Cambridge analytics form a research
director part of that allegation is that
these companies linked to Robert Mercer
were systematically set up and used as a
way to hide money that was going into
campaigns did you sort of mention almost
as an aside and there's a couple of
times actually we've seen an in-wall
invoice or more than one invoice with
the word you keep on it is that right
yeah I don't I don't have a better
control okay and and it's just
interesting because you could quite
famously the most colleagues will now
have absolutely no money whatsoever so I
just wonder when they were doing in
terms of to actually sort of pay for
this particular well you have to
remember part of the brilliance of
Cambridge analytic is that it doesn't
like it doesn't need to make money
because it's Robert Mercer's project
right so Robert Mercer does it he's a
billionaire he doesn't need to make
money right
so and further if you if you as an
investor of a company put money as a
shareholder as an investor into that
company
that's not classed as a political
donation right that's an investment in a
company that you're the owner of right
I'm improving Rd I'm expanding our you
know teams I'm doing but you can do that
more pointedly you know and and continue
to invest purposely into a company so
that it can also work for particular
entities at a subsidized rate or indeed
in some cases for free so one of the
things that I'd also just point out is
that just because there's you know a
bill with a particular number on it with
the I it doesn't mean that that's the
genuine value of the work that you have
produced because part of the brilliance
of the set up that Robert Mercer created
was that it becomes very easy to
actually get around campaign finance
laws in terms of declarations because
it's an investment it you know he's a
shareholder he can invest so what's
emerging out of this investigation
overseas into the workings of this
company that went on to be the Trump
campaigns data firm it's an allegation
from a whistleblower at the company that
the way this data firm worked is that
they did lots and lots of work for
campaigns but they had the luxury of not
really charging very much for it Robert
Mercer one of the richest men on earth
could afford to just fund this company
up the wazoo and then the company could
therefore afford to charge a campaign
almost nothing for their work no matter
how much work they actually did
presto-change-o
right Robert Mercer's money funding
these companies and entities in real
life becomes Robert Mercer illegally
over funding a campaign right without
anybody on either side disclosing it
that's the allegation for the Brigitte
campaign in the UK by implication that's
the allegation four Republican campaigns
in the 2014 midterms here in the US
where they also allegedly had foreign
workers coming over here to work on
those campaigns as a sort of dry run a
pract
run for the 2016 presidential race and
then of course that's a question about
the 2016 election itself when the Trump
campaign paid Cambridge analytic a just
under six million dollars for running
the campaign's data operation senator
Amy Klobuchar brought that up on our
show a few days back that maybe people
should start looking at the smallness of
that number there are all kinds of
potential legal violations here the
first and foremost is Cambridge
analytics itself and how that works with
the Trump campaign and is that truly the
value a couple million dollars compared
to what I think someone has said maybe a
hundred million dollars in value that's
a potential major election violation so
if these allegations about basically
unreported outsized campaign
contributions are true the question for
us now is how exactly did they do that
if they did it what are the mechanisms
they use to make these kinds of
contributions and to move this money
around in American campaigns what should
we look for to try to find out if this
money was moving this way in our
politics well that brings us back to Tom
Tillis and this British guy who's been
bragging online about all the work he
did on Tom tell us his campaign in 2014
including on this campaign ad he
features in the Thom Tillis section on
his website and watch this this is the
very end of that ad that he's been
featuring there
see the bottom part there this is an ad
that a British guy is bragging about
having worked on dreamed up for the Tom
Tillis campaign while he was working for
the parent company of Cambridge analytic
but according to the disclosure there at
the end it's paid for by the John Bolton
super PAC John Bolton super PAC also
funded by Robert Mercer who also funded
Cambridge analytic ah which is now
facing whistle whistleblower allegations
that the company sent foreign workers
into the u.s. to work on Republican
campaigns and that these connected
companies and entities were set up
basically as a way to funnel Mercer's
money into campaigns without it being
seen John Bolton super PAC appears to
have been one of the links in that
alleged operation and of course he has
just been named National Security
Advisor I should tell you since we first
got to look at that British consultants
website bragging about the 2014 election
and Tom Tillis a couple of things have
happened I'll tell you the British guy
didn't answer our emails at least in the
form of an email reply but after we
asked him about the John Bolton super
PAC ad that he posted for his Show and
Tell
he changed his website he took down the
John Bolton super PAC ad now he's just
put up in its place a very exciting
picture of Tom Tillis which maybe the
British guy also helped with I don't
know and now instead of saying that he
helped Tom Tillis is successful
senatorial campaign create highly
targeted advertising harnessing SDL's
national database of voter issues
sentiment and psychographic profiles
instead of all that now that he's had
the better part of four years to reflect
on it now since we started asking
questions about that last night he's
changed it to say that really he was
just helping a local political party was
something a lot simpler none of that
highly targeted psychographic profile
stuff that's in all the headlines now so
that's the first funny thing that
happened when we started asking about
this second thing is that the campaign
Legal Center now says they intend to
file this complaint with the Federal
Elections Commission we have the draft
of the complaint it alleges that the
Bolton super PAC was making illegal
unreported and excessive in-kind
contributions to that Tom Tillis Senate
race in 2014 John Bolton with all the
Robert Mercer money hasn't even been a
full week since the president named
Bolton as his new national security
adviser but if the idea was to not end
up in a Michael Flynn situation again
Boulton might have been an odd pick
here's Bolton in a 2013 Russian gun
rights video for a group whose founder
is now reportedly the subject of an FBI
investigation into whether he illegally
funneled Russian money into the Trump
campaign by way of the NRA
now here's Bolton showing up and
reporting about Cambridge analytical
which Robert Muller is also reportedly
investigating over the 2016 election and
now comes this watchdog complained about
Bolton's pack in the 2014 election we
are six days out from the announcing of
Bolton for this incredibly sensitive job
heck of a choice heck of a way to get
started hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
