and thanks to at home for joining us
this hour happy to have you here
remember when he was gonna hire his
personal pilot to be the head of the FAA
sure why not
Trump air operations during the campaign
included one plane tearing off the
runway and almost careening onto a
highway and shutting down LaGuardia
airports also different incident a hired
pilot who nobody noticed was a fugitive
from justice actively wanted on multiple
violent felonies but Trump likes the gut
who flew his airplane during the
campaign and isn't there something in
the federal government that has to do
with airplanes so sure why not that idea
came up just last month so who knows it
might yet happen maybe Trump will put
his his personal pilot in charge of the
FAA today we got pretty close to that
idea and today it wasn't just something
being floated today we learned that this
is a fait accompli and admit it admit it
when you first heard today that the
President had named his personal
physician to be the head of the VA admit
it first guy you thought of was this guy
right not that guy not that what was
amazing about that guy Trump's personal
physician in private life it was not
just that he himself was an incredible
character it's that he submitted a
physicians report on the health of this
presidential candidate Donald Trump that
was like a cross between refrigerator
poetry and North Korean state media
articles about the Dear Leader's 300th
birthday
all right remember that I remember that
thing he wrote
Trump's laboratory test results were
astonishingly excellent anything that
astonishes a person in a lab usually bad
his physical strength and stamina are
extraordinary if elected I can state
unequivocally the mr. Trump will be the
healthiest individual ever elected to
the presidency that was a very strange
iteration of the traditional doctors
note about a presidential candidates
health but then Trump did get elected
and that history with his private doctor
meant there was a little more excitement
and intrigue than usual surrounding the
first physical exam by the chief White
House physician by a Navy admiral named
Ronnie Jackson this is the president's
unbiased 100% accurate health assessment
at the time of examination the president
was 71 years and seven months young his
resting heart rate was a cool 68 BPM his
weight a very svelte 239 pounds he has a
gorgeous 44 inch coke-bottle waist 75
inches with legs that well they seemed
to go on forever that's 12 shoe so you
can fill in the blanks there it's my
expert medical opinion but the
president's got a rocking bod with the
perfect amount of cushion for the pushin
and given the chance I would are there
any questions that was not the actual
White House position that was the
Saturday Night Live version over the
White House position because there had
to be one after the actual White House
position gave his press briefing on the
president and his health and it was so
it was so excitedly positive it left
reporters who were also doctors like CNN
Sanjay Gupta feeling like they had to re
translate for the American public the
information that Admiral Jackson was
providing because maybe somebody should
take the hearts off the eyes
characterize the president's call to an
average seventy one-year-old American
male I'd say based on his cardiac
assessment hands-down there's no
question that he is he is in the
excellent range I'm from a cardiac
standpoint and that's not me speaking
that's objective data you know you can
look at the the data that was collected
and he he will definitely fall into that
category
overall he has very very good health
excellent health
Oh Jackson he is taking
cholesterol-lowering medication he has
evidence of heart disease and he's
borderline obese can you characterize
that as excellent health I mean I think
based on its current cardiac you know
study I mean his heart is very healthy
those are all things that we're looking
at with regards well you know your your
nurse urgently you know there's their
stroke issues there too but you know
president Trump has just announced that
White House position
Admiral Ronnie Jackson will be his
nominee to head the Department of
Veterans Affairs Department of Veterans
Affairs is the second largest agency in
the government it's one of the largest
organizations of any kind on earth it
serves twenty million veterans so health
care needs nine million veterans
dr. Jackson is beloved as a White House
physician not just by the Trump
administration but by previous White
House occupants as well he was White
House position for George W Bush and for
Barack Obama as well people loved him in
that role he has never run any large
organization of any kind before
honestly though I want to stress people
do really like him people who have
worked in the White House say he's a
great White House doctor and he's really
nice we know for sure that he definitely
likes the president so there's that
we're gonna have some expert advice in
just a second as to whether or not this
new appointment seems like a good idea
but for now it means we have to add
another name to the departure board for
only the third time we have to put a
senate-confirmed cabinet secretary up
there the first cabinet secretary to go
was Tom Price at Health and Human
Services than it was Rex Tillerson at
the State Department now we can add
uh-huh I don't know which way to look
this way this way three-two-one
Secretary of Veterans Affairs David
Shulkin like lots of Trump cabinet
secretaries including Tom Price and Ben
Carson and Ryan Zinke and Scott Pruett
and Steven minuchin and and and David
Shulkin the now fired Secretary of
Veterans Affairs he too had embarrassing
ethics troubles including lots of
taxpayer spending for what looked very
much like an expenses paid law
European vacation for him and his wife
but like I said there are lots of Trump
cabinet secretaries who have that
particular kind of embarrassing problem
even worse than he does but now he's the
one who's out and part of this maybe
just another instance of the president
seeming to enjoy doing his shopping on
TV it may be that when everybody else
saw you know over-the-top hyper
obsequious 'no stoop lezin homoerotic
tension the president saw hey I like the
way that guy talks on TV right I mean we
do know from weeks of reporting and
multiple outlets that the president
really wanted to hire for this job one
of the hosts of Fox & Friends it once he
soured on David Shulkin there was a guy
at Fox named Pete hagseth who the
president wanted to put in the VA job
there's a number of reasons why that
didn't and couldn't work out we're gonna
have that story coming up in just a few
minutes but the president isn't hiding
his light under a bushel when it comes
to his preference for hiring people off
TV hires people for big jobs cuz he
likes watching the way they talk about
those jobs on TV there's Larry Kudlow as
a CNBC personality just hired by the
President to become White House chief
economic adviser whether or not you
liked Gary Cohn the previous chief White
House economic adviser he at least had
been president of Goldman Sachs mister
cut load comes from a TV show right
after he hired mr. Cutler off of TV we
certainly soon learned that the new
national security adviser would also be
someone who the president came to know
because he enjoyed watching him on TV
this time it was a contributor on Fox
News John Bolton although on that one I
have to tell you we've got some news
tonight that suggests there may be
trouble ahead for that National Security
Advisor appointment National Security
Advisor position does not require Senate
confirmation but we learned from Trump's
first national security adviser Mike
Flynn that there still can be trouble if
you try to keep somebody in that job
who's caught up in active FBI
investigations particularly if they are
active counterintelligence
investigations so stay tuned for that
we've got that story coming up tonight
shopping off your TV set isn't always a
great way to vet
candidates for senior administration
positions and the cabinet it turns out
it can also be trouble for the
president's efforts to put together a
legal team to represent him in the in
the Russia scandal and the Moller
investigation one of the more remarkable
things that happened just in the last
week god it feels like years ago now but
just in the last week the president's
lead lawyer on the Russia scandal quit
when it emerged that the president had
picked out two new Russia lawyers who he
liked the look of on TV joe geneva and
victoria tensing a husband-and-wife team
from fox news they were gonna go in to
the president's russia legal team and so
John Dowd the president's lead Russia
lawyer took himself out quit the job
walked away that all happened though
before the president had actually met
these two new lawyers anywhere then
other through his TV screen and when
they finally arrived at the the White
House on Thursday night turns out the
president didn't like them as much as he
had on TV a White House official
described them as disheveled in their
appearance when they arrived at the
White House the president was said to be
not as impressed with them in person as
he had been when they had the TV makeup
on and the under lighting and you can't
see their pants anyway that is that is
how we have arrived at the president not
really having a legal team on the Russia
scandal anymore Jay Sekulow is his one
outside attorney now he's also a Fox
News guy he has been this spent this
week trying to trying to calm everybody
down by saying it's not just him he's
got other people working with him from
his conservative activist
legal group that includes we learned
today the author of this book Byzantine
Rome and the Greek popes he has a PhD in
medieval history which according to a
Reuters profile published today he
pursued quote following a midlife crisis
he wrote his book on the Greek popes he
eventually went back to practicing law
mostly working as a sort of contract
prosecutor for local DA's in Georgia in
terms of big high-profile cases back in
the 80s he was involved in a Jews for
Jesus case with Jay Sekulow the Fox
but that's pretty much it he says in
terms of big cases it's kind of great
for this guy right look at the headlight
and Reuters today spurned by top lawyers
Trump's defense elevates Washington
outsider I mean it is great for this guy
think about it one day you're burned out
working for County prosecutors in
Georgia you're having a midlife crisis
you end up trying to get your monograph
published on the Byzantine era popes the
next day you're a lead attorney
representing the President of the United
States on the biggest national security
scandal to ever afflict the presidency
when you'll have no experience
whatsoever in anything like this I mean
well done for him but for the presidency
it's a weird situation right
especially since things do seem to be
taking a bit of a serious turn in this
big national security investigation that
is swirling around the president lawyers
for the special counsel's office and for
attorney Alex vendor's one have now
exchanged court filings in advance of
what's expected to be mr. vanderzwaan
sentencing next week in DC federal court
this follows his guilty plea for lying
to investigators
mr. van der swans lawyers in this filing
today literally argue I'm quoting here
his days are empty and lonely they
provide a testimonial from his mother
including the all-caps statement Alex is
the only support and joy of my life
testimonial from his mother saying how
much she loves him there's a lot of
detail from his pregnant wife and how
much she loves him as well his soul mate
he's said to be very sorry quote Alex
has learned his lesson and there is no
risk that he will reoffended arguments
that Alex van der swans lawyers were
making today to the court in response to
those arguments the special counsel
filed their own document with the court
in which they tore mr. van der swans
head off the fact that your wife is
having a baby isn't reason for you to
get leniency from the court the fact
that you stopped lying and pled guilty
after we caught you that isn't cause for
leniency either quote that he did not
further obstruct justice it's not a
mitigating factor he does not deserve
credit for adhering to the law the
special counsels filing on the
vanderzwaan thing literally ends its
last sentence with suggesting that if he
really wants to get home for the birth
of his first child maybe he should hurry
up and get to prison now to start
serving his time special counsels office
is not messing around and it's important
to remember that even though Alexandra
Swan has pled guilty he's not
cooperating he has not agreed to
cooperate with the Millar investigation
he pled and he wants them to be lenient
because he pled but he's not cooperating
with them so presumably this very
hardball effort by the special counsels
office is an effort by the special
counsels office to get him to change his
mind about cooperating but this is
important while they are ripping
vanderzwaan head off in this filing they
also make explicit something that I
think ought to be unnerving to this
White House even if the president does
doesn't necessarily have lawyers anymore
who could explain this to him quote
among the topics about which the
defendant lied were his communications
with Trump deputy campaign chair Rick
Gates his communications with a
Ukrainian business associate of Mana
Fortin Gates personai and his failure to
produce an email between himself and the
Ukrainian business associate all
important matters in the investigation
the lies and withholding of documents
were material to the Special Counsel
offices investigation that gates in
person a were directly communicating in
September and October 2016 was pertinent
to the investigation FBI special agents
assisting the special counsels office
assess that person a has ties to a
Russian intelligence service and had
such ties in 2016 quote during his first
interview with the special counsels
Office vanderzwaan admitted he knew of
that connection stating that Rick Gates
told him personai was a former Russian
intelligence officer with the GRU
that's all in the Alex vanderzwaan
sentencing stuff that's gone back and
forth part of the story of those
sentencing documents is vanderzwaan
pleading for leniency and the special
counsel not at all
indicating that they are down with that
but the other part of it is the special
counsel's office showing their hand this
is something they've got dear mr.
president with no legal team these
filings from the special counsels office
now
spell out explicitly that during your
presidential campaign your campaign
manager and your deputy campaign manager
were in frequent contact with what
what's the phrase what's the phrase with
a person the FBI assesses to have had
current ties to a Russian intelligence
service and they couldn't have been
unwittingly duped into doing this
because your deputy campaign manager is
on record telling other people at the
time hey call this guy he's GRU
he's Russian military intelligence and
that's not as guessing at what the
special counsel's office is looking at
that's them telling us what they've got
in court filings where there are also
going super aggressively at a guy they
already got to plead guilty they're
still trying to get the court to throw
him in prison even after his guilty plea
so the president likes turnover he likes
watching TV
he likes maybe hiring people from TV he
likes fire and really senior people all
the time and keeping everybody on their
toes the president not having a Russia
legal team anymore doesn't even make
this list but the investigation is
getting explicit and aggressive and it
seems like it very well be it may very
well be about collusion with Russia
directly we've also now got the first
report that the president may have been
offering pardons to at least two of the
people who ultimately got charged
there's chaos in this young
administration sure and that is
interesting for all sorts of reasons
I don't think though that you can
separate that from the fact that there
is also now a legal hurricane swirling
around a basically unreinforced
undefended president
hey there are misses from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
