joining us now Harry Lippmann former US
attorney and Deputy Assistant Attorney
General under President Clinton he's now
a professor at the university of
california jill wine banks former
assistant warden gates special
prosecutor and MSNBC contributor John
Heilemann national affairs analyst for
NBC News and MSNBC and Jill wine banks I
want to go to you first on this issue of
what was John Dowd up to the the New
York Times reporting on the face of it
indicates a possible obstruction of
justice case involving John Dowd
possibly it absolutely does now we have
to keep in mind that he denies that it
happened they had multiple sources that
say that it did and if he was offering a
pardon in exchange for influencing the
testimony that's clearly a part of
obstruction it's exactly what happened
during Watergate when they talked about
pardons when they offered hush money to
keep people quiet now we have hush money
being paid to porn stars as you've just
designated them so it could be that he
is in very deep trouble right now John
Dowd and Harry Lippmann give me your
reading legally of where John Dodd
stares Jen's and and what this report in
The New York Times means to the case
well I agree with Jill he's and he's in
the soup and I think he can be
questioned by Muller I think the the
crime fraud exception means that it
wouldn't be privileged and I think if
not the first either the second or third
question will be Jill's favorite of what
did the president know and when did he
know it because the question is is there
conspiracy here to to obstruct and it
wouldn't simply be it's not even a
pardon as for quiet here it's this sort
of secret backroom deal is the the
potential issue where the president
through doubt is saying just keep quiet
don't do anything do exactly what Manta
Ford has done in fact for these months
and there'll be a pardon at the end of
the day so that's even more sort of
sinister and and corrupt because it
means there's no
political check there's no way of
bringing it up for impeachment it'sit's
just a a backroom wink and a nod and
gentlemen so John Dowd was reported to
have quit the Trump defense team I said
at the time with that we have no idea we
don't know whether he was fired we don't
know whether he quit that's just the
story the story's putting out it may now
be that John Dowd was forced to leave
the defense team because of this
reporting that John Dowd may well have
known was coming out in the New York
Times because we know the Times doesn't
work on these stories in a matter of
hours they take days sometimes weeks to
confirm this material this is a story
that has deep reporting in it and it's
the story that would have to be lawyer
it intensely it's a story that you would
you would need White House reaction from
you need John dad's reaction from this a
story that did not pop out it's also a
long story
yeah by the New York Times by a
newspaper standards is a story that has
been in the works for a while and so not
only would John Dodd I've known it was
coming but people around the president
in the president's rest of the
president's legal orbit and its
political orbit would have known so
there's a lot of different potential
places where the the looming threat of
this story could have created pressure
points that now to your point call into
question whether or not he quit I do
want to make two points one a legal
point although I'm not a lawyer unlike
our two other guests tonight I just will
say you think about John dad's tenure
this was the guy along with Ty Cobb who
was supposed to provide there was sheen
of respectability and the kind of
white-shoe gravitas the Donald Trump
needed and you think about the time that
he spent between the the lunchtime
conversation in front of the New York
Times reporter the tweet that he claimed
that he had written when Donald Trump it
seems got out of her skis on Twitter it
this was a this is a debacle for John
Dowd and if this if this reporting New
York Times is true is a fitting end a
fitting crown to his various
depredations in his time and then the
political point is there anyone who
doesn't believe this is true like or
that that dot that Donald Trump is of
course the question of who offers the
pardon how the pardons get offered what
the form of the pardons are but the
notion that Donald Trump is dangling
pardons to people who might flip
on him is a really important piece of
news to break but is the least shocking
thing that I've heard all day
yeah it's one of the it has instant
credibility and however I want to go
back you to a legal point here let yeah
and this happens sometimes in cases I
said earlier that the John Dowd may have
shifted categories from criminal defense
lawyer to criminal suspect that
sometimes can happen in a case what is
the obligation of a lawyer when he gets
the sense or gets any indication that
he's moving he himself she herself is
moving into suspect territory in an
investigation where he's representing a
client well look at Michael Cohen the
music stops you get your own lawyer you
take it from there but his obligation
really preceded that where he moving as
he apparently was last summer into
territory where he was going to be a
party to a fraud his clear obligation
would have been to withdraw then and
there now now he's a suspect and he
he'll just be a normal suspect he's got
a lawyer up and hope that he can somehow
soldier through its I agree with what
John said but it's you know doubts of a
respectable person and that he's come
out of the blocks with such a clear I
never said it never did it
there there there may be more to the the
story but he's he's now changed
categories and is in the sights of the
malar probe until just to underline this
it is it seems to me possible that this
new york times story had something to do
with John Dowd withdrawing from the case
or being fired from the case while this
story was being developed by the New
York Times it absolutely could of course
we will not know for quite a while but
he's had a rough go of it because in
addition to the tweet which I think was
very very in appropriate for him to have
said he did it if he did it it was wrong
and it's a despair offense to have
gotten your client into trouble for a
tweet that said something that could
implicate that person your own client in
an obstruction he also had a very
inappropriate conversation in a
look place with Ty Cobb that was very
gave away too much and shouldn't have
happened in public so I think there's a
number of things that could get him in
trouble both with the bar and with the
prosecutor and John Heilemann enter
Andrew Economo who I was talking to
Rachel about he this is a 69 year old
lawyer who was a federal prosecutor in
Atlanta in the 80s took some time off
from the practice of law now describes
himself as kind of a a kind of
substitute teacher style assistant
district attorney contract prosecutor in
Brunswick Georgia four hours south of
Atlanta small town on the coast and and
this is as of tonight according to the
Trump legal team the guy who's in charge
now of the criminal defense he does have
some experience with criminal cases but
nothing on this scale and as I said to
Rachel
when the movie gets made yeah this is
the part you want to play it's bright it
comes from the small town up to DC and I
mean like take on the special prosecutor
you know you
we asked this question over and over
again why does Donald Trump have to turn
to a fellow like this why is he having
such trouble hiring good lawyers we have
an answer tonight John Dowd is a good
example you look at anybody who's didn't
though in the Washington legal firmament
looks at what's happened to John Dowd
and what the where he now sits in the
soup and in the sights as Harry lemon
put it in the last two segments in those
last few comments that's why you have to
turn to a guy like this now you turn to
a guy like this and let's not dis him
because he's done he could have been
done before I know you're not I'm just
saying he's done it could have a
reputable career have done important
work local law enforcement matters he's
probably prosecuted some important cases
and put some people behind bars who
deserve to be behind bars so let's give
the guy his due but then let's also say
that he is at best a maybe a really good
single a shortstop who's being asked to
pitch in the World Series which is not
really that thing you generally want to
do in the World Series he's someone who
obviously just on the basis of what we
know about him on the basis of his
resume and his
record is not suited to the job he's now
being compelled to take on and man
there's nothing almost it almost gives
more dirt more dramatized as Donald
Trump's difficulty with hiring a decent
legal team more than not having a lawyer
is having this lawyer as your main
criminal defense lawyer under these
circumstances now you've got me rootin
for him I mean the guy that you couldn't
have a bigger underdog in this story it
reminds me of an observation that Jimmy
Breslin wisely made about a Watergate
Jill when he said that the night law
school guys in the house representatives
meaning Peter Rodino and some of these
people knocked over all those Harvard
Law School guys that Richard Nixon had
defending him but we'll come back to
Andrew economy when we know more about
him and I'm sure we will learn more
about him how to pronounce his name
living that I'm open to suggestion Harry
Lippmann Jill wine banks John Hammond
thanks for this round of discussion
really appreciate it hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
