the first time special prosecutor Robert
Muller has specified a connection
between Russia and the Trump
presidential campaign that connection
was described in the court filing
yesterday related to the upcoming
sentencing of Alex van der chuan who has
pleaded guilty to lying about his
contacts with deputy Trump campaign
manager Rick gates and a person
identified in the court filing as person
a person a appears to be constant in'
Killam Nick a former aide to Rick gates
and Paul Manafort who was the Trump
campaign chairman of course the document
outlines what the prosecution calls
aggravating circumstances that it wants
the judge to consider during van der
swans sentencing next week here's the
key paragraph in that court filing the
lies and withholding of documents were
material to the special counsels
office's investigation that gates and
person a were directly communicating in
September in October 2016 was pertinent
to the investigation Federal Bureau of
Investigation special agents assisting
the special counsels office assess the
person a has ties to a Russian
intelligence service and had such ties
in 2016 we already knew that Konstantin
: ik served in the Russian military and
attended a military foreign language
program that has been used by Russian
intelligence agents what is new in the
special prosecutor's filing is the FBI's
assessment that : Nick still has ties to
the Russian intelligence service and had
such ties during the presidential
campaign in 2016
joining us now Betsy Woodruff for
politics reporter for The Daily Beast
and an MSNBC contributor and judge
Sugarman professor of law at Fordham
University Betsy this precise connection
as it was drawn today is something we
haven't seen before from the special
prosecutor that's right and what else is
fascinating about this filing is that
it's Muller actually saying what he and
his team thinks is important part of the
context of these filings is that it has
to do with the sentencing of Alex
vanderzwaan
the very suave looking attorney who
viewers
saw on screen a few moments ago Muller
is making the case for a sentence
against vanderzwaan and arguing why the
judge should take vanderzwaan guilty
plea so seriously Muller says part of
the reason it's important is because
vanderzwaan lied about person a who I
believe to be constant in : ik Miller
then says that person a is an important
person in this story that he matters and
that the fact that he talked to a senior
Trump campaign official Rick Gates the
month before the presidential election
is material to molars investigation
this is Muller essentially showing his
hands it's him telling us what he thinks
is important he almost gets to the point
of telling us why he thinks it's
important and that's what makes this
document just so tantalizing a German
constituent Kalume Nick has denied any
ties to Russian intelligence but in this
pleading we saw the FBI insisting that
he does have those ties but he's also
said that he did speak to my man affort
during the 2016 campaign he says every
couple of months yes and I think there
are a couple things that are really
important here the first is that the :
ik the the FBI assessment that he was
actually part of Russian intelligence is
very important but also if we were also
getting to the frame of mind in Rick
Gates and Alex vanderzwaan and manna
fort so what's really important about
the filing today is that it says that
vanderzwaan
thought that : ik was part of russian
intelligence because gates told him so
and you wouldn't see this in a mullah
report if Muller didn't have the goods
on this it's in the past filing we we
know that vanderzwaan recorded one of
the conversations the one that he lied
about he had a conversation with gates
and colum Nick personai in September
2016 one can speculate that Muller may
now have a copy of that recording and so
that that puts more pressure on gates
and I think the other big thing here is
now being able to flip other people with
this kind of hard evidence and this kind
but we might imagine Muller has this is
the way that he starts flipping up from
vanderzwaan and gates to mana fort and
maybe others Betsy last year in February
Paul Manafort
told the New York Times in an interview
this is long before he was indicted
I have never knowingly spoken to Russian
intelligence officers and I have never
been involved with anything to do with
the Russian government or the Putin
administration or any other issues under
investigation today and then he added
it's not like these people wear badges
that say I'm a Russian intelligence
officer turns out according to the FBI
he was employing one in his business in
the Ukraine that's right and it strains
credulity to think that Rick Gates would
have known something about one of the
employees in that business that Paul
Manafort didn't also know although to be
clear we don't know for sure
additionally one piece of this that's
important is that : Nick himself has in
the past disputed the statements that he
had affiliations with Russian
intelligence so there's a good chance
going forward that he will that he will
disagree with the FBI's assessment that
itself is something that ultimately will
probably be argued in court and it will
be fascinating to see what evidence
Muller may or may not have to defend the
assertion that he made in this filing
that one of Paul Manafort trusted
employees actually was connected to
Russian intelligence additionally though
the statement that Paul Manafort made
that you just read is a little bit it
feels a little funny right of course
members of foreign intelligence services
don't introduce themselves as hi my name
is Konstantin and I'm a spy but
sophisticated political operatives are
responsible for knowing who they work
with and for knowing what if entities
what political parties governments
intelligence services the people they
work with are affiliated with this is
one of the bedrock principles of the
Justice Department's rules about foreign
lobbying you have to know who you're
working for
Paul Manafort registered with the
Justice Department though not to the
extent that Muller expected he should
have known how these rules works the
idea that he would have accidentally
whoopsie-daisy who worked with somebody
who was a Russian spy doesn't make sense
it doesn't mesh with manna for its own
characterization of the very work that
he claimed to be doing professor Sherman
what's going on with this guilty plea of
vanish
is it likely that there's already a plea
agreement in place about what the
sentence should be what van der Swan
thinks he's pleading to in terms of a
sentence and this filing is just kind of
necessary paperwork before this is all
formalized with the judge well it's it's
a little bit hard to know exactly what's
going on usually a prosecutor has a set
of conversations with the defendant when
they're pleading guilty it was really
remarkable that the judge in the hearing
apparently was very unsympathetic to
vanderzwaan in his request for no jail
time and so it's possible that what what
Muller might be doing is trying to show
the importance of vanderzwaan and
indicate to the judge it's really a this
is this is a big deal his wrongdoing was
significant so but what also might be
going on is Muller is trying to show
more of his cards to other people and
establish what he has it's possible that
what he's showing the world and
particularly some of the potential
future defendants is that he's got this
material in hand and this is going to be
very significant to have this material
for other kinds of guilty pleas down the
road
judge Sugarman and Betsy Woodruff thanks
for illuminating our coverage tonight
appreciate it
sure thing hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
