welcome back tonight I'm obsessed with a
speech Chief Justice John Roberts gave
to his son's ninth grade graduating
class last year I'm gonna play a small
part of it that I think has particular
resonance today and for people on both
sides of our political divide listen to
this thinking it does apply to you too
from time to time in the years to come I
hope you will be treated unfairly so
that you will come to know the value of
justice I wish you bad luck again from
time to time so that you will be
conscious of the role of chance in life
and understand that your success is not
completely deserved and that the failure
of others is not completely deserved
either
I hope you'll be ignored so you know the
importance of listening to others and I
hope you will have just enough pain to
learn compassion whether I wish these
things or not they're going to happen
and whether you you benefit from them or
not will depend upon your ability to see
the message in your misfortunes you
should pay attention that justice
Roberts's message so should I so should
everyone else because if you heard what
you just heard and you don't think this
is about you then you weren't listening
humility and generosity of spirit and
empathy are rare commodities in our
polarized political and cultural
environment so let's listen before we
speak think before we act and empathize
before we condemn might help us all
just a little hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me a
favor subscribe by clicking on that
button down there click on any of the
videos to watch the latest interviews
and highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC
you get more meat to press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
