it's a wild and wacky day here at MTV
daily stormy Daniels at her lawyer
Michael avenatti have grabbed and held
the limelight in a way we haven't seen
since well Donald Trump they've done it
with a tabloid style mix of provocative
statements head-turning allegations
cryptic tweets salacious claims
countless TV interviews and countless
teases - stay tuned does any of this
strategy sound familiar
we're not going to get into the details
not going to disclose what's on it I'd
rather not say
we'll disclose it at the appropriate
time at the appropriate time I'm not
going to answer that question I'm not
gonna answer it I don't want to say
absolutely to be continued we're just
getting started we're just getting
started we're just getting started
we're just getting started it is just
the beginning the coming weeks and
months I'm a pretty good poker player
and we're gonna wait and see how this
thing plays out we like to play our
cards a little bit close to the vest
this is a chess match and we're gonna
get to the bottom of it we will get to
the bottom of it well we're gonna get to
the bottom of it I'm not teasing
anything you'll see everybody wants
instant gratification stay tuned stay
tuned hey there are Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
