what do you think about the beauty
contest model I'm watching cities line
up to essentially throw subsidies and in
some cases hundreds of millions of tax
dollars at Amazon to get them to come
you've got Foxconn in Wisconsin that
signed this big contract and the
subsidies are now looking like they're
hundreds of millions of dollars there
what do you make of that kind of
competition yeah I think that each state
I think the great thing about the u.s.
is is freedom and I think if States want
to compete for things then then God
blessed them I think that's that sort of
that's a part of America and and so I
don't I don't condemn it I think it's
their decision but from our point of
view we didn't want to create this
contest because I think because I think
what comes out of that is you wind up
putting people through a ton of work to
select one and and so you wind up that
is a case where you have a winner and a
lot of losers unfortunately I don't like
that you know my
most things in life I I do not view as
win-lose we always the best things you
can ever do in business is find the
win-win you know ever you're working
with if you're trading between countries
you find a way for both to win if you're
working with a partner in business find
a way for both to win that contest is
set up as a win lose and not something I
want Apple to be a part of
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
