the truth is we could make a ton of
money if we monetized our customer if
our customer was our product we could
make a ton of money we've elected not to
do that
our products our iPhones and iPads and
Macs and and home pods and the watch
etcetera and if we can convince you to
buy one we'll make a little bit of money
right but you are not our product you
are our customer you are a jewel and we
care we care about the user experience
and we're not going to traffic in your
personal your personal life
I think it's an invasion of privacy
I think it's privacy to us is a human
right it's a civil liberty and in
something that is unique to America you
know this is like freedom of speech and
freedom of the press and privacy is
right up there for us and so we've
always done this this is not something
that we just started last week when we
saw something happening we've been doing
this for years
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
