in a speech that we've heard parts of
from Brett Kavanaugh he talked about you
know what God happens at Georgetown Prep
stays at Georgetown Prep and that's the
part that most of the most people heard
but in that same speech he talks about
being a Supreme Court justice or being a
judge as an umpire leaving your politics
at the door so that you were able to be
a fair fair arbiter of all things that
are that come before you in those
comments that we just played there are
many people who say Brett Kavanaugh
wasn't behaving like somebody who'd be
that umpire that's the question here
the the rules for recusal of Supreme
Court justices are different than they
are for the lower court judges for the
simple reason that if you're a trial
judge in somewhere in America and that
you have a conflict they can find
another trial judge to take your place
same with the courts of Appeal there are
no spare Supreme Court justices so
anytime a Justice refuses that leaves
the court and a diminished capacity and
it's usually up to the justices that
will strike usually it's up to the
justices themselves to decide whether to
recuse and they usually recuse for
direct conflicts of interest they have a
family member they were judged that on a
lower court when a case was decided they
worked on the issue when they were at
the Justice Department or they have some
personal financial stake they own stock
in the company that kind of thing those
are the usual reasons for recusal
recusal Zahn political grounds are
really exceptional remember Ruth Bader
Ginsburg made some very harsh comments
about President Trump saying she might
move out of the country if he got
elected that kind of thing she later
apologized for them there were some
suggestions that maybe she had to recuse
from cases involving the Trump
administration but she didn't she voted
on the travel ban case the government
didn't ask her to recuse so I think
those questions would hang over judge
Kavanagh but whether he would actually
recuse on political grounds if he's
confirmed I doubt it and that would be
up to him it's not up to somebody else
correct
all right Nicholas there are there were
several issues and about a week ago
there were people who would be concerned
about how the robustness of the
investigation into Brett Kavanaugh and
that was what this last week was
supposed to solve but now there are a
lot of people in the country who don't
think it is
solved anything it hasn't become more
robust a week ago or last Friday we were
talking about how Jeff Flake may have
paused the fact that there was going to
be a cloud over the Senate Judiciary
Committee and ultimately over the
Supreme Court an institution that so
many Americans are hoping to rely on in
politically turbulent times now we go
forward with this nomination
does this have a does this put a cloud
over the Supreme Court I think it does I
mean the hope of FBI investigation was
that we might dispel the crowd the cloud
one way or the other I think this is
gonna impair him I think it's going to
impair the legitimacy of the court look
I mean at this point it looks as if a
third of the men on the Supreme Court
will have had credible allegations of
sexual harassment or assault against
them that undermines the the aura
we have about the court and so does his
anger I mean the stagecraft of art
judiciary the mythology we have about it
is that it's supposed to be above the
fray and we have had politicians
obviously in the climene Earl Warren
former California governor was a great
rapport chief justice but he wasn't
angry like this well Clarence Thomas was
angry but he wasn't partisan in the same
way and so now we have a judge who looks
as if he may well be headed to the
street for it who brings a degree of
anger he's essentially a Politico for
much of his career and a partisanship
and I think that is unfortunate
for for the judiciary in the u.s. Pete
let's just address that for a second
because as you have mentioned Clarence
Thomas's politics are very very
conservative by comparison to others on
the Supreme Court but for some reason
despite the allegations against him
which were investigated before he was
confirmed to the Supreme Court against
the
judgement of many people it has not felt
too politicized since then how is this
different well I think it's different
for a couple of reasons simply because
the the way of the year 2018 it's very
different now than it was then in terms
of taking these accusations seriously
and it's the it's I guess the fact that
in in Thomas's case they basically came
from one person from Anita Hill in Bret
Cavanaugh's case you have a number of
people raising questions just a lot more
willingness to engage on these issues I
think those are the those are the things
that make it so different
Nicholas what can the Supreme cry mean
obviously the others on the Supreme
Court and people who believe in this
institution are worried about
reputational damage what do you what do
Americans need to see to feel either
secure or frankly what other options do
they have
this guy is quite possibly going to be
an Associate Justice of the Supreme
Court by the end of the weekend that's
right and I mean you know John Roberts
is obviously conservative I think he
would very much welcome Cavanaugh's
conservative ideology but the chief
justices also cares deeply about the
reputation of the court image of the
court and I think he will be troubled by
having this as blow to it you know I
think one other thing we have to wonder
about is there is some real possibility
look after the Clarence Thomas
allegations
I'd say the subsequent reporting has
largely sustained those allegations and
makes it seem quite likely that indeed
those allegations by Anita Hill were
correct if in a similar way more people
come forward against Brett Kavanaugh and
tend to confirm those allegations that
will further undermine not just him but
the entire court and I think that's a
real possibility hey Pete I know you you
made the point that judges don't tend to
recuse themselves on the Supreme Court
for lots of reasons particularly when it
comes to political ideology does the
fact that in his testimony Brett
Kavanaugh spoke up Democrats spoke up
the Clintons of the spoke of left-wing
groups there are going to be left-wing
groups that bring cases to the Supreme
Court do they
any standing to say I don't think this
guy can listen to my case well if they
can bring their case successfully before
the standing is a question about whether
they're allowed through the courthouse
door to bring their case if they bring
their case then they have to make a
tactical decision about whether they
want to seek recusal they can it
sometimes does happen you can say you
know you're just too biased to hear this
this case I guess the the contrary
argument would be was that he was
attacking the process of his
confirmation not to use your term left
wing not a left-wing policy argument or
the kind of administrative question that
might come before the Supreme Court now
that may be too much of a legal nicety
and the the claims here of you know the
canons of judicial ethics basically say
that judges should not only have no
conflict but have no appearance of a
conflict and that's where the more
difficult question comes in and Nick
Kristof he did say that himself I mean
he's the one who said left wing and he's
the one in the speech too about
Georgetown Prep he's the one who said
that a judge has to have the appearance
to be an umpire has to have the
appearance of leaving their politics at
the door and not bringing it and he did
make that choice to bring this into the
conversation he both raised that
expectation and then kind of exploded it
yeah but I think that they're also you
know other larger questions we obviously
expect the court to have integrity and
at least I'm deeply troubled by what you
might call these small lies that I think
it's almost unarguable that Cavanaugh
told about you know Renata the Renata
alumni I mean obviously that wasn't just
a matter of affection and everybody
knows that and so I think that
undermines the integrity of the court
and I guess I'd also say that at some
level if you look at the historic
mistakes the Supreme Court has made over
the last century they haven't been
because of lack of brilliance or a lack
of judicial reasoning
they've been because of a lack of
empathy it's been Dred Scott it's been
Plessy versus Ferguson it's been some of
the cases about women's rights about
gays and watching judge Cavanaugh there
I think one had to question whether in
this kind of case coming forward
whether he would be able to have that
kind of empathy that would contribute to
a forward-looking ruling or one that is
ultimately a embarrassment for this
country
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
