kristen welker the white house again
flatly denying this which is also we
should also note that John doubt is no
longer on the legal team John Dowd
resigned several days ago Katie I put
the question to Sarah Sanders that you
all were discussing as we were leading
into the briefing which is whether the
president was aware of this whether he
directed John Dowd to have these
conversations take a look at that
exchange any conversations of that
nature and all president have a reaction
to these revelations I did not talk to
him about it specifically but again I've
been in a number of conversations it's
never come up and Ty Cobb who would be
the lead representative for the White
House on these matters is also gone on
the record to discuss and declare that
these conversations haven't taken place
so again referring all of the questions
to Ty Cobb and what is striking about
that katie is I think it raises a number
of questions about whether the president
has been on the same page with John Dowd
on a whole range of sort of
controversial and questionable moments
one of them occurring days before Dowd
resigned in which he called for an end
to the Special Counsel investigation
remember that's when we saw those first
tweets from the president taking on
special counsel robert muller directly
it seemed like they were speaking on the
same page in that instance now John Dowd
walked back from the statement and tried
to backpedal again before he resigned
but Katie it would be very striking if
the president wasn't read in aware of or
directing John Dowd to have those
conversations in some way shape or form
so I think that's a the focus will be as
we continue to track this hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
