in October of last year after the Las
Vegas shooting massacre Bret Stevens
rode a provocative column for The New
York Times entitled repeals the Second
Amendment that's forward to yesterday
and another Stephens in the New York
Times with a column with the same title
repeal the Second Amendment
this one from former Supreme Court
Justice John Paul Stevens joining us now
is the Stevens with a pH columnist for
The New York Times Bret Stevens and
we'll get to Bret in just a second but
first Joe what do you think about this
you know I think it's unfortunate I it's
a it is a 40-foot straw man that is
erected in the middle of a heated gun
debate that allows people like Donald
Trump to stand up and say no I will not
let them ever repeal the second I mean
you're not going to repeal the Second
Amendment we have and we've talked about
it a lot of 2008 decision Heller that
does say that the Second Amendment means
what the Second Amendment means which is
that Americans have a right to keep and
bear arms and in their homes to protect
themselves it's and so I think mica one
of the real problems is that you you
have of course a lot of people in the
media that miss state facts about guns
all the time but you also have gun
lobbyists and people that that make
extreme arguments on websites and on
some cable news channels that suggest
that there is this unlimited right to be
able to keep and bear in the arms and
talked about their god-given right to
carry around ar-15s and other other
weapons that a lot of military men and
women that I've spoken with say are
weapons of war and so they send they put
they send up false information all the
time but there's been a good solid
debate over the past couple of months
it's become more respectful of light
other than a few extremists on both
sides but John Paul Stevens says this
and it's just actually it's there are a
lot of people that support gun safety
that are obviously concerned that he
would do this because it plays into the
hands of people like that in our
a the three extreme lobbyists that run
the NRA in Washington DC and also Donald
Trump but Bret Stevens you also made the
argument of just doing away with a
second Amendment but then again you've
spent a lot of time at the New York
Times being as provocative as possible
so what do you agree where the Justice
justice Stevens not to just get rid of
the Second Amendment well I think it's
an idea that needs to be put on the
table look we repealed the 18th
amendment quite wisely the 13th 14th and
15th amendment of the Constitution
significantly rewrite the body of the
Constitution all of us agree that that
is essential and and right there's a
constitutional mechanism for editing the
document itself and look let me ask you
and I think this is an important point
you think it's someone like Steven
paddock the shooter in the murder in Las
Vegas he bought an arsenal of ar-15s now
what is constitutionally the limiting
principle when you have a Second
Amendment that prevents someone like him
no psychiatric record he's I know there
are no he's on no list of presumed
terrorists from from purchasing the kind
of arsenal that allowed him to create to
murder as many people as he did in about
ten minutes time we were the only
country in the world at least in the
developed world that has the kind of gun
violence that we do 11,000 are so
homicides firearm homicides a year
Britain France Japan countries where
guns are legal by the way they're just
hard hard to get they don't have that
kind of gun violence the distinction
here is this constitutional right to
purchase weapons of some at least of
some kinds in almost unlimited
quantities and I don't see how that
ranges until you start thinking about
doing what john paul stevens with much
greater legal experience than either of
us has well brett though you're making i
if you don't forgive me for saying this
i don't mean to sound condescending
because ted cruz certainly sounded
condescending to me but you're making
this same
mistake the Ted Cruz oh my god what I
know when I asked him whether Americans
had a constitutional second Amendment
right the purchase an ar-15 to purchase
that sort of those sort of Arsenal's and
it's the the big lie that NRA lobbyists
in Washington DC push out and also other
gun lobby's push out Americans do not
have that right under the Second
Amendment in the state of Connecticut
for instance they have limited those
sort of purchases in Illinois they have
limited those sort of purchases in
California they have limited those sort
of purchases and the Supreme Court
they've allowed those bans to stay in
place
because they never moved beyond Heller
in 2008 which said it is a very limited
right and maybe will Scalia said maybe
we'll get to that issue down the road
but for now we are limiting it to the
right of having a handgun in your home
and and and and protecting your family
and basically said Washington DC cannot
do this and two years later they said
the municipality and Illinois cannot do
this but the Supreme Court has allowed
all other bands to stay in place and
right now the reality is that the Second
Amendment does not allow Steven haddock
to go out and purchase all of those
ar-15
if he bought those guns legally and the
problem with your argument but the
problem there aren't being bought those
he bought those legally but we're you're
calling for something completely
different I mean a state can ban the
purchase of ar-15s right now doing away
with the Second Amendment would not
change a state's ability to do away with
those bans the Second Amendment right
now does not protect Steven having from
purchasing an arsenal the problem with
your argument is that if 49 states per
enact those bans but a 50th state
whether it's Nevada or Colorado doesn't
enact the argument then you can drive to
those states and purchase weapons and
unlimited unlimited quantities which is
why so much gun control fails to be
effective why do we have why do you have
such gun problems
in place like the place like Chicago
because it's easy to get to neighboring
states with much more permissive gun
legislation so unless you have a natural
mix to this you're not you're not going
to get very far with with simple state
by state or municipality by municipality
gun legislation right Brett what you're
calling for is something far more
extreme than even doing away with the
Second Amendment you're not talking
about doing away with the Second
Amendment you're talking about a
nationwide ban what I'm talking about is
one unless you look heller
says what it says we have 300 million
guns in this country if not more because
we under the umbrella of the Second
Amendment a relatively permissive gun
culture has allowed this sort of
proliferation of weapons I am I'm not in
favor of gun confiscation I think there
are legitimate reasons to own a gun I
just don't think that when you have an
absolute right to purchase weapons at
least one weapon or some kinds of some
kinds of weapons you're gonna address a
culture in which 11,000 people get shot
get killed every month every year every
year sorry I can't believe I can't
believe I'm having this argument with
you the Second Amendment does not
provide that absolute right this is what
the NRA feasts on they tell people that
they have an absolute right to buy
ar-15s and other military-style weapons
and they do not under the Second
Amendment and I think that in part is
one of the reasons why any state or
anybody tries to talk about reasonable
rational gun safety laws
the NRA immediately says they're
violating our god-given constitutional
Second Amendment rights this my only
argument at you is that the right of
people to purchase ar-15s may come from
this gun culture that we do have that my
friends are a part of but that absolute
right doesn't come from the Second
Amendment because the Supreme Court has
not extended a constitutional right to
purchase an ar-15 from the Second
Amendment so if you want to talk about
the gun culture arson
just that the Supreme Court should
should come out and go ahead and stop
denying cert for these gun cases and
actually say you don't have a
constitutional right to purchase an
ar-15 that's quite different than saying
I want to do away with the Second
Amendment you are not gonna get a handle
on the problem of America's gun culture
and while there is a constitutional
right to own a weapon most of the gun
crime by the way in the country isn't
isn't done with ar-15s or the assault
weapons that I suspect both of us would
would like to see a ban they're done
with handguns guns purchased legally and
then sold illegally on black or gray
markets so until you at least address
that constitutional principle that there
is a right to bear an arm you will not
deal with the problem that we have and
what justice Stevens is saying I think
with a great deal more legal authority
than either of us have is that that is a
relic of the 18th century that makes
very little sense in the world we live
in today Germany he lost he lost that
argument that I for in in 2008 and again
if you if you look back to Heller and
let's talk about 2008
there wasn't a constitutional right to
keep and bear arms that was recognized
by the Supreme Court until 2008 that's
what made hell are such a dramatic
ruling for the most part the Supreme
Court can stock on this argument on
whether the Second Amendment was about
militias or whether the Second Amendment
was about an absolute constitutional
argument if you're supposing that
somehow the gun problem in this country
started in 2008 with what with no
generations but but Brett I actually
brought that up to tell you that your
arguments incorrect because we didn't
have you said we have to get rid of this
right to keep and bear arms and I'm
telling you we had a gun problem before
I think the focus on the focus on the
Second Amendment if from you and also
from justice Stevens's misguided but
what do I know
I'm just a dumb country lawyer who
actually who actually seems to be the
only person in America outside his law
professors to understand this let's talk
about the Bolton pic what do you think
about what I think about John Bolton we
actually have had some conservatives on
the right saying oh he's he's actually a
quite thoughtful man Marco Rubio went
out and actually I guess Marcos trying
to get secure his for right base saying
that John Bolton is is a good mainstream
thinker despite the fact that he said he
wants to bomb North Korea Iran and also
thinks that the Iraq war was a wonderful
idea I like John I'm gonna tell you this
anyone who knows John knows he's a very
smart guy he speaks very provocatively
but he is an acolyte or a follower of
Jim Baker actually a lot of my
disagreements with John come from the
fact that I'm more on the
neoconservative side and I think he's
more sort of a realist hawk he's been
absolutely right about a lot of issues I
wrote a column about his effort to
reform the United Nations and his
criticism of the United Nations which
was dead on and look this is a president
who I don't think is going to be tamed
or guided by people like tiller said I
think if you want someone to steer the
president for instance in an
anti-russian direction which is started
Bolton is going to be a much better a
much better pick for you than than some
of his some of the other alternatives
I mean Bolton is treated as this kind of
scary guy but anyone who's ever met him
actually knows that he's incredibly
intelligent well-spoken funny and he's
not the sort of caricature ish hawk that
he's been made out to be in some in some
corners of the press are that he makes
himself out to be by writing a Wall
Street Journal editorial gene that
should have we should go ahead and bomb
North Korea and say in that editorial
he made and and he certainly went
further than anybody else and and but
anyway Gino I'll let you take him but if
you keeping score at home Bret Stevens
wants to abolish the Second Amendment
likes John Bolton guy John Bolton did
write that piece about North Korea
making the what he termed or what he
represented as the legal case for u.s.
military action in North Korea which you
know in my view and I think the view of
most people would be insane to do look
why do we need more provocation from
this administration in foreign policy I
don't think that's what we need right
now
it'll be interesting it's fascinating to
that Donald Trump picks John both Donald
Trump a a bitter critic of the Iraq war
and and its architects and defenders and
so Brett how does that make sense how
does the baby what kind of conversations
are they gonna have a guy who was a
cheerleader for the Iraq war
um believed in it obviously sincerely
and a president who thinks it was the
stupidest thing we ever did I don't
think the president has very much of an
ideology on most subjects which is
reflected in choices of advisors who
disagree with him fundamentally on all
sorts of things that he has said look
something like 78 percent or 77 percent
of Americans supported the United States
going into going into Iraq so I don't
think Putin was adopting radical
position there what I would like to know
is that you know what worries me about
Trump is that here's a guy who I suspect
for the sake of the part of the deal
would go into a room with Kim jong-un
and say you know it's a great idea we're
gonna pull out us we're gonna pull US
troops out of South Korea and you're
gonna promise to denuclearize and then
I'm gonna get my my own no Nobel Peace
Prize
I think someone like Bolton is going to
restrain the isolationist impulses that
have been really at the heart
of trumps foreign policy thinking
impulses not ideology ability to
restrain Donald Trump all right spread
Stephens thank you very much for being
on this morning thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
