I thanks to at home for joining us this
hour we have just learned where the
president is tonight we had known that
the president was going to a dinner in a
private home tonight somewhere in the DC
area he hasn't done all that many of
these since becoming president when he
leaves the White House he tends to go to
one of his own private property
somewhere or his his DC hotel for
example but the White House today
emphasized that the president would be
leaving the White House to go to a
dinner with supporters he's in a couple
of these now in the last two weeks the
White House went out of its way to say
this is not a fundraising dinner and so
we've been wondering where he was gonna
be well the New York Times reports
tonight that the dinner is at the home
of Giuseppe I think you should pronounce
his last name Chuckie it's C e C CH IC
they're sexy or Chucky
he's a described as a Trump loyalist but
just because history is a dog that not
only chases its tail it catches it and
bites hard the New York Times further
reports tonight helpfully that Giuseppe
Chuckie at one point was known as the
condo king of Washington among his most
famous achievements in business was that
he was the developer of the Watergate
complex yes that Watergate complex the
president holding a private dinner
tonight with the guy who built Watergate
you can see the president's dinner host
here at work on the future Watergate
building that's that's that's that's the
puppy's tail in the news tonight biting
onto it is something else in the news at
this hour I think we should I think we
should have expected this to happen at
some point I don't know why it happened
today in particular but I'm very very
curious about it and we have to go to
Watergate in order to make sense of
what's happening tonight this this was
the the front page of The New York Times
on Sunday October 21st 1973 you see the
big banner headline there across all
eight columns of the front page three
big lines of all capital letters so much
happening that was so important that the
freakin headline had
one but two semicolons in the headline
quote Nixon discharges Cox for defiance
semicolon abolishes Watergate task force
semicolon Richardson and ruckus House
out this was of course the Sunday
morning after the Saturday night
massacre and we've all memorized by now
right what happened in the satyr game at
massacre Saturday night massacre the
Watergate special prosecutor was closing
in on Nixon specifically closing in on
getting the Oval Office tapes from Nixon
Nixon freaked out and ordered that the
Watergate special prosecutor should be
fired he told the Attorney General to
fire the Watergate special prosecutor
the Attorney General said no and
resigned that's him on the left side of
your screen then with the Attorney
General out of the way Nixon went on to
the next man in the line of succession
the Deputy Attorney General William
Ruckelshaus on the right side of your
screen mr. Ruckelshaus
too said he would not carry out the
president's order to fire the Watergate
special prosecutor and he too resigned
as Deputy Attorney General and so then
the president had to keep chewing his
way through the upper ranks of the
Justice Department till he found the guy
who was the third down the line of
succession and he agreed to do it the
Solicitor General Robert Bork finally
said okay yeah he would fire the special
prosecutor but by then this was such a
conflagration in Washington that
Saturday night by the next morning it
was earning double semi-colon headlines
across eight columns of print and the
whole country had its hair on fire about
Nixon's behavior and frankly after the
Saturday night massacre politically and
in terms of this scandal he he never
recovered but you know that did not
happen by happenstance it wasn't an
accident of circumstance or a
personality quirk that led Elliot
Richardson and William Ruckelshaus to
resign in protest when Nixon ordered
them to fire the Watergate prosecutor
now Richardson and rekkles house did
that they said no sir I will resign
instead they did that because somebody
thought ahead go back to that big front
page again big headline some
all the big news across the top of the
page but then look a little bit further
down the page look at this article this
is the article that actually split
explains the third line of the big
headline it explains why the Attorney
General Richardson said no mr. president
you're gonna if you're gonna order me to
fire that prosecutor I'm gonna quit in
protest and then you see the head the
sub headline there the explanation
Attorney General says he couldn't houst
prosecutor Seitz autonomy vowel
what's the autonomy Val ha ha turns out
to be very important Elliot L Richardson
resigned as Attorney General tonight
saying he could not carry out President
Nixon's order to discharge Archibald Cox
the special Watergate prosecutor in
light of his earlier pledge to provide
mr. Cox with full authority to contest
presidential claims of executive
privilege during his confirmation
hearings before the Senate Judiciary
Committee mr. Richardson promised that
the special prosecutor would have
unimpeded authority to subpoena
potential evidence from any source
including the President himself Elliot
Richardson insisted that he would not
countermand or interfere with the
special prosecutor's decisions or
actions and he promised that the special
prosecutor would not be dismissed from
his post except for extraordinary
improprieties on his part
if there weren't extraordinary proper
improprieties he wasn't gonna fire that
guy so that's what Elliot Richardson had
to promise in order to get confirmed as
Attorney General
he was nominated to be Attorney General
in the middle of the Watergate scandal
the previous attorney general who he
replaced ended up going to prison on
perjury and obstruction of justice
charges related to Watergate Nixon out
stood that previous Attorney General on
the same day he out stood John Dean and
HR Haldeman and John Ehrlichman all of
whom would also end up going to prison
for Watergate so when those guys were
being pushed out and they're trying to
bring in a new Attorney General comes
time for the Senate to confirm this new
Attorney General in the middle of the
Watergate scandal and yeah they were
thinking ahead there might be a problem
in the Nixon administration and so they
obtained that promise from him under
growth as part of his confirmation
proceedings he promised that he would
not fire the Watergate special
prosecutor unless there were
extraordinary improprieties on the part
of that prosecutor they got that promise
from the Attorney General and then when
the new Deputy Attorney General was
nominated and confirmed bill Ruckelshaus
that the Senate extracted that same
exact promise from him he too promised
that he would not fire the Watergate
special prosecutor unless there were
extraordinary improprieties well you
know there weren't extraordinary
improprieties on the part of that
prosecutor dude just subpoena at the
White House tapes which was pushy but
not extraordinarily in not an
extraordinary impropriety especially
given that the subpoenas held up in
court so when when when Nixon
nevertheless told his new Attorney
General that he should fire the
prosecutor for going after the White
House tapes the Attorney General said no
it was only earlier that year that he
had promised that he wouldn't fire the
guy except in extraordinary
circumstances he basically was able to
tell the president listen I made a
public promise that I wouldn't do
exactly what you're asking me to do and
so I'm I'm not gonna do it I'll resign
instead and then the Deputy Attorney
General basically had to say the same
thing I made a public promise that I
wouldn't do that except in extreme
circumstances these aren't extreme
circumstances so if you're telling me to
fire the guy anyway I made a public
promise that I wouldn't do that so I'll
quit too that's why the Saturday night
Massacre happened the way it did it
wasn't just the goodness of their hearts
wasn't just stoic civic virtue by these
two Justice Department officials
Richardson and Ruckelshaus I mean at
least it wasn't that alone it was also
key it was instrumental it was how they
explained their behavior at the time
both to the public to the press and to
the president they'd made a promise
publicly because somebody thought ahead
to ask them to make that promise before
push came to shove so because we have
that history
I think we should have expected this to
happen at some point but now tonight it
has and I'm curious as to why it's
happened tonight nine Democrats in the
Senate Judiciary Committee have just
written to the whole line of succession
at the US Justice Department asking five
officials in the line of succession to
make the same kind of commitment to
protect the Moller investigation in the
Russia scandal that Elliot Richardson
and William rekkles house did to protect
the Watergate prosecutor back in 1973
the person at the Justice Department who
oversees the Moller investigation is of
course Rod Rosenstein he has already
made this kind of public commitment if
you were ordered today to fire mr.
Muller what would you do
so I've explained previously I would
follow the regulation if there were good
cause I would act if there were no good
cause I would not there were no good
cause I would not act I would not follow
that order
so rod Rosen Stein is already first in
the line of succession he's overseeing
the Malheur inquiry he has made this
kind of public commitment that he will
not fire robert muller unless there's
good cause to do so well if the
president fires rod Rosen's died though
the line of succession in terms of
oversight of the Moller investigation
would go from him to the Solicitor
General null Francisco and then to the
assistant attorney general for the
office of legal counsel Stephen angle
and then to the head of the National
Security Division of the Justice
Department John DeMars and then it would
go to two specific US Attorney's first
the US attorney in the Eastern District
of North Carolina who is Bobby higdon
and then to another US attorney in Texas
Aaron Neely Cox I think no relation to
Archibald Cox although I should probably
check these nine senators tonight have
now written to this whole line of
succession to all of Ault that Saturday
night massacre you have to go through
three well in this case is written to
all all five below Rosenstein Francisco
Engel DeMars higden Cox and this is what
they said quote we have significant
concerns that the president or his White
House could order individuals at the
Department of Justice with the authority
to oversee special counsel molars probe
to interfere with the probe or
it down you fall in the line of
succession at the Department of Justice
if Deputy Attorney General Rosen Stein
were to either resign or be removed we
right now to request that you provide a
written and public commitment that you
will not interfere in the special
counsels investigation into Russian
meddling in the 2016 elections possible
collusion with such meddling by the
Trump campaign efforts to obstruct
justice or any related inquiry as such
we ask that you publicly commit to
refuse any order or request whether
express or implied to interfere in the
special counsels investigation including
but not limited to firing mr. Muller
cutting off funding or resources
limiting staffing or inhibiting his
ability to follow the facts wherever
they may lead so again that that letter
is being sent out tonight from Democrats
on the Senate Judiciary Committee and
and they're saying that they want a
response right away so far there's no
word from these five senior Justice
Department officials as to whether they
will make that kind of commitment
whether they'll make that kind of
promise it is worth noting that the man
above them at DOJ who's in that
oversight position now rod Rosenstein he
has made that kind of public promise so
wouldn't be weird if these other
officials followed in his footsteps and
did so as well well we'll have to wait
over the next few days to see if they
think they ought to make this kind of
promise it's very interesting imagine
being in their shoes right now right
knowing this history knowing the way the
president has talked about this special
council knowing the way he's railed
against the Attorney General for
recusing himself and against rod
Rosenstein even for his oversight of it
the way he started to rail against
Muller again knowing the history of the
Saturday night massacre knowing how
Richardson and Ruggles house are viewed
in history versus how Robert Bork is
viewed in history because he was the guy
who said he'll fire him I would imagine
being one of those Justice Department
officials tonight facing this letter
from these nine senators saying should I
make the promise
other thing I'm curious about is why
these senators felt compelled to send
this letter today requesting this this
promise I am interested in that
particularly because only about 90
minutes before this letter went out
tonight we also out of the blue got this
right before that letter to all these
Justice Department officials we also
unexpectedly got this joint bipartisan
statement from Delaware Democratic
Senator Chris Coons and Republican North
Carolina Senator Tom Tillis they
released this tonight without any
warning quote we've heard from
constituents Republicans Democrats and
independents alike who agree that
Special Counsel Robert Muller should be
able to conduct his investigation
without interference this should not be
a partisan issue we introduced the
Special Counsel integrity Act because we
believe that the American people should
have confidence in the Department of
Justice's ability to conduct independent
investigations and its commitment to the
rule of law we urge President Trump to
allow the special counsel to complete
his work without impediment which is in
the best interest of the American people
the president and our nation okay
good to know that special counsel
integrity Act they referenced there is
in fact bipartisan legislation that
Chris Coons and Tom Tillis introduced a
while back to protect the Moller
investigation itself in case the
president tries to kill it off that
legislation has not gone anywhere
because Republican leadership in the
Senate hasn't let it so maybe this
unexpected joint statement tonight from
these two senators it's just an effort
to put a new spotlight on their old bill
that's still kicking around that hasn't
been acted on but I'm curious why now
why tonight and why less than two hours
later did we get this we need some
promises here letter going out to the
whole line of succession at the Justice
Department I don't know why both of
those things just happen tonight but I
am about to get to ask somebody who
should probably know joining us now is
Senator Richard Blumenthal member of the
Senate Judiciary Committee who signed
that letter calling for Justice
Department officials to commit publicly
that they won't interfere in the special
counsels investigation I should tell you
he also co-wrote an op
for slate tonight along with historian
Rick Pearlstein called how to protect
the molar investigation which explicitly
calls out those parallels to what
happened in October 1973 that does feel
like quite a quite a curtain opener for
what we're seeing right now senator
Blumenthal thank you very much for being
with us tonight Thank You Rachel
I am I'm not suspicious but I'm curious
as to why now why you and these other
eight senators on the Judiciary
Committee have have sought these
assurances from the Justice Department
tonight particularly given that we also
saw this interesting statement tonight
from Senator Coons and Senator Tillis on
a similar matter the reason I led this
letter was my increasing alarm about
swirling reports unconfirmed and unn
specific but more and more concerning
that the president may attempt to fire
Bob Muller he tried it last June and he
stopped only because his White House
Counsel threatened to resign now his
legal team is disintegrating including
the possible departure of that White
House Counsel the departure already of
one of his lawyers and his tweets are
increasingly erratic and extreme but
most fundamentally is the fact that the
investigation is coming closer and
closer to Donald Trump himself he may
well be interviewed shortly there are
three guilty pleas of witnesses
potentially against him with very
relevant and important information that
could incriminate him there's a credible
case of obstruction of justice right now
against the president United States and
that case becomes more and more
compelling every day in fact the
president's actions themselves are
creating that case unfolding in real
time right before us so this letter with
Congress now out of town and therefore
unavailable to take action is meant to
send a warning but all
so to elicit the commitment of these
five officials who were in line of
succession to rod Rosen Stein that they
will not fire Bob Muller or interfere in
this investigation by limiting staffing
cutting resources constraining in any
way his ability to follow the facts and
the law I'm struck by the fact that
Deputy Attorney General rod Rosen Stein
has given those sorts of public he has
given that public assurance more or less
he's told Congress on several different
occasions that he will strictly follow
the special accounts already that he
would not follow in order to fire Bob
Muller if there weren't good cause for
that order to have been issued given the
fact that he's already made public
assurances related to this matter has
the Justice Department or any of the
individual Justice Department officials
who you've now approached have they
given you any indication as to whether
they would see it as appropriate or
inappropriate whether they plan to
address your concerns through any public
statements they've given no indication
whatsoever which is also a reason for
alarm because it is very uncomplicated
there's nothing particularly elaborate
or challenging about adhering to the
rule of law and I'm alarmed as well by
the Republican leadership blocking these
bills there's strong bipartisan support
for the bills that I have introduced as
long as well as Senator Coons and Tillis
Democrats have supported it is Senator
Gramm Republican of South Carolina and
so I think that there ought to be a
hearing in fact there ought to be votes
in the geo Ferry Committee that approve
this legislation bring it to the floor
allow us to vote on it and dispel a lot
of the concern that there may be that we
will be too late and the president will
have acted and we will have this
constitutional conflagration
unnecessarily but in the meantime the
pledge from these five officials in line
of succession to rod Rosenstein are very
very important and they've given no
indication about what they
will do so richard blumenthal
Connecticut from the Senate Judiciary
Committee spearheading this overture to
the Justice Department tonight's thank
you sir and thank you for helping us
understand the way you're thinking ahead
on this much appreciate it thank you all
right we've got lots more to get to it's
been a busy news day and a busy news
night to stay with us hey there arm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
