now to our special report tonight a
moral test facing America at this moment
Donald Trump is effectively asking the
US Senate to promote torture because
Trump is asking the Senate to promote a
US official involved in torture to run
the CIA nominating Gina Haspel Mike
Pompeo s deputy for the job
Gina by the way who I know very well
what works very closely will be the
first woman director of the CIA she's an
outstanding person outstanding or not
Haspel is the most senior CIA official
directly involved with overseeing and
covering up torture in the Bush
administration so whether Trump meant to
or not
this nomination fight now forces our
government and all of us to again reckon
with what the u.s. did after 9/11 and
what we want to do about it now there
will be no peaceful coexistence no
negotiations the struggle can only end
with their complete and permanent
destruction make no mistake the United
States will hunt down and punish those
responsible for these cowardly acts we
do not intend to stop until we've rooted
out terrorist networks and put them out
of business we also have to work those
sort of the dark side if you will we're
going to spend time in the shadows and
in the intelligence world to use any
means that are disposable
the disposal basically to uh to achieve
our objective any means that was the
climate after 9/11 and Bush created an
international torture system with
prisons and black sites abroad where US
law might not reach and secret
government memos directing waterboarding
which they claimed were only enhanced
interrogation tactics not actual torture
then there were the leaks of US soldiers
torturing and degrading Iraqi prisoners
at Abu Ghraib in 2003 this man in
Baghdad asked where is the human rights
America talks about outraged at the
treatment of the prisoners Arab
newspapers and television declared the
u.s. no better than Saddam Hussein
Bush's defense secretary Don Rumsfeld
offered to resign over that scandal
these events occurred on my watch as
Secretary of Defense I am accountable
for them and I take full responsibility
if there's a failure it's me it's my
failure for not understanding and
knowing but Bush kept the failure
Rumsfeld on the job within months
pushing himself speaking out to deny any
torture on his watch we do not condone
torture
I have never ordered torture
I will never order torture the values of
this country are such that torture is
not a part of our soul and our being but
the Bush administration did direct
torture we have the files we have the
pictures we even obtained the memos
later withdrawn by the Obama
administration and while all those key
senior officials kept their jobs
it was enlisted u.s. soldiers who were
charged convicted and sentenced to jail
now this is important every time you
hear someone say well the US doesn't
punish our own people for this kind of
stuff or it's not fair to punish our own
public servants for trying to keep us
safe remember we already did that during
the Bush administration Sargent of all
Davis went to prison so did Staff
Sergeant Ivan Frederick and specialist
Charles greener and specialist Sabrina
Hartmann after Abu Ghraib they lost
their jobs their careers their freedom
the bush approach was clear punished the
little people protect their bosses which
brings us back to Gina Haspel because
like Bush and Rumsfeld Trump is now
promoting a senior person who oversaw
torture hospital was the chief of a CIA
black site in Thailand in late 2002
where detainees were waterboarded
threatened with illegal execution and
subjected to other degradation 's
abdullah rahim al-nashiri who planned
the USS Cole bombing was blindfolded
threatened with a gun near his head in a
cordless power drill and given forced
enemas the CIA's own documents say even
hardened CIA officials were reduced to
tears watching what was done to
detainees at the site that has well ran
and while the Bush administration kept
claiming that this torture was not
torture
because they called it other words like
enhanced interrogation the fax caught up
with them waterboarding was to find his
torture under law revelations about
these black sites shifted public debate
there was even a conservative radio host
who famously touted a plan to undergo
waterboarding to show that maybe it
wasn't torture a stunt that didn't go as
planned when he lasted about 10 seconds
that's it that's it all right I don't
want to say this I do not want to say
this absolutely torturing Barack Obama
ran against torture in 2008 he reissued
the bans against the techniques that
Bush used on his first day in office we
have to be clear and unequivocal we do
not fortunately period that will be my
position as president President Obama
signed a second order banning aggressive
interrogation techniques such as
waterboarding which many consider
torture
waterboarding violates our ideals and
our values we could have gotten this
information in other ways in ways that
were consistent with our values Obama
stopped torture as policy and then at
that time those recent Bush
administration torture allegations were
investigated Bush officials still
denying those sessions were torture and
then it turned out there were tapes of
some of those sessions over 90 of them
and investigators obviously wanted the
tapes to review what happened but in the
middle of that open probe the CIA
destroyed 92 of those tapes including
tapes of a detainee at Haspel site the
New York Times reporting the order to
destroy the tapes came from official
Jose Rodriguez investigators probed
whether others were involved including
Haspel his top aide now he laid a road
it was Haspel who drafted a cable
ordering the tapes destroyed other CIA
officials say she was a strong advocate
for getting rid of the tapes the
agency's top lawyer said she
persistently pressed for tape
destruction another CIA official though
argued maybe she was just carrying out
an order it was her supervisor under
that argument requesting the tapes go
away leaders in both parties were
outraged at the tape destruct
which hampered any us inquiry into what
really happened I'm concerned about
Press reports that she was directly
involved in a CIA black site in Thailand
and then in destroying some of the
records of what happened there there's
no evidence that she was protesting
against torture there's every evidence
that she was covering it up covering it
up an outrage that led to a rarity in
national security a sitting CIA official
denied a promotion when she was up for
that in 2013 the hospital's supporters
insist that she was basically caught in
the middle of policies made by other
people above her head the record we have
though is damning she oversaw
waterboarding on the ground and she
helped destroy evidence of that
waterboarding to evade an open
investigation this is the record Trump
is trying to promote right now to
endorse that and put this person in
charge of the entire CIA rather than any
number of other candidates now maybe
Trump heard about Haskell's approach to
destroying evidence and maybe he thinks
it's a plus maybe he likes that approach
to government investigations or maybe he
didn't know about it maybe he doesn't
care maybe Trump heard about her views
on torture though and maybe he likes
that too don't tell me it doesn't work
to what your works okay folks tortured
you know I have these guys torture
doesn't work believe me it works okay
General James mantis and he has stated
publicly that he does not necessarily
believe in torture I don't necessarily
agree but I would tell you that he will
override because I'm giving him that
power might happen to feel that it does
work I've been open about that for a
long period of time it doesn't matter if
torture works it's barred by our law and
our Constitution and the president is
bound to uphold that it also doesn't
matter much what Trump says about this
it's what he does he's promoting Haspel
handing the keys to the interrogation
room to a person implicated in torture
and in covering up torture and
reigniting this debate for all of us
given what we know now should this top
CIA official be promoted for the kind of
thing that sent less powerful men
Americans to prison can America lead the
world on the rule of law or democratic
accountability if this kind of record is
rewarded right now you know it's become
common in this Trump era to say nothing
really matters but if you think about it
that's actually exactly what the people
who get away with things want you to
believe this matters and the end of this
story has not yet been written a Senate
has opposed Haspel before many Democrats
say they will fight this pick John
McCain who survived in other countries
mistreatment is criticizing her now and
pressing for more answers specifically
on her history with torture libertarian
Rand Paul says he's already against her
so her nomination and our country's view
of torture right now in 2018 that hangs
in the balance tonight I turn now to
Katrina vanden Heuvel editor and
publisher for the Nation magazine she
penned the editorial Gina Haskell's role
in the torture era demands attention and
has been working on investigative
stories along these lines for well over
a decade thank you for your compelling
report or it's very it's critical at
this time you know we live at a moment
when accountability has been defined
down the architects of the Iraq war the
architects of torture have not been held
accountable and I think our country is
on trial now as the hearings begin
confirmation hearings you laid out the
key points why Gina Hospital should not
be confirmed there's an additional I
think note to be made which is that the
Senate Intelligence Committee as you
recall issued a very truncated summary
of its 67 hundred page report in
December 2014 which showed that CIA in
CIA had lied to lawmakers and also the
report concluded the torture was not
effective in gathering accurate
information it's also illegal and
immoral I think it is high time for
Dianne Feinstein who produced the
summary report in December 2014 to
declassify not only the sections
relating to Gina hospitals partition
participation and torture and in
destroying the videotapes but the full
report Senator Ron Wyden has called for
that someone should read it into the
I think it's compelling it is part of
the public interest and I think it would
play a very important role in which
should be a bruisin tough confirmation
hearing for Gina hospital and walk us
through the way this works particularly
the national security apparatus where a
key technique is to say you can't really
challenge this stuff she'll be promoted
anyway move on there's nothing to see
here
well move on is a very bad term in this
context because we need accountability I
will say that President Obama who did
issue an executive order banning torture
and closing the sites the torture sites
he decided to say we're gonna look
forward not backwards yeah there were
many who said he should have prosecuted
the higher-ups not just the smaller
people as you said we lost that
opportunity this is a moment I think for
Congress to reassert itself john mccain
has been a good voice Rand Paul I think
if the Democrats can hold as a block on
the Senate Judiciary in the Intelligence
Committee I think there's a real chance
to turn back this appointment and it
would send a signal not just to this
country that this country stands for
values it claims to stand for but to the
world at a moment when the erosion of
democracy and the rule of law is so
jarring and briefly do you see any link
between the way she conducted herself
and the concerns about Donald Trump's
role in potential obstruction I see
links but I think what's critical is
that the architects of endless war of
Iraq of torture this war cabinet that
they be repelled and held back and held
accountable finally and I will say one
thing just in terms of media you know
it's very disturbing to see every night
a lot of these intelligence chiefs speak
on these issues because you know James
clapper perjured himself on NSA bulk
data surveillance brandon mclaughlin i
mean these people as they weigh in for
gina Haspel have a record that they
should be held accountable as before as
well so i hope there would be more
diversity of views you're concerned
there's an over elevation of people who
are bound up in the stalks of
intelligence people who are wound up and
invested in maintaining this posture
katrina vanden Heuvel
editor in chief of the nation mags
and my old boss thank you would be more
I really appreciate it
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
