welcome back the latest battle between
Democrats and the Trump administration
is being waged over the census the
Commerce Department just announced that
the 2020 census will include a
controversial question about citizens
citizenship status critics call it a
political move by the Trump
administration to advance his agenda
they say asking about citizenship status
will make illegal immigrants reluctant
to participate in the census and that
could mean a substantial undercount of
the population which affects everything
from funding for public safety and
education to of course
congressional representation Democrats
worry they could lose at least one US
House seat in California attorneys
general in states like California and
New York have already filed lawsuits and
former attorney General Eric Holder says
he also plans to challenge the
administration's move in court the
Commerce Department says this will help
the Justice Department and force the
Voting Rights Act which protects
minority groups from discrimination at
the polls and Republican senators like
cotton Inhofe and Cruz are applauding
the news joining me now is Tom Perez the
chairman of the Democratic National
Committee who says he will try to fight
this move through Congress the courts
and the ballot box Tom good to see you
how you doing great to see you Katie I'm
doing well good so Senator Jim Inhofe
says this is all about accurately
assessing the number of citizens
shouldn't the government have the
ability to know who is inside this
country I agree that accuracy counts and
the census is the constitutionally
mandated requirement that you count the
number of persons in the United States
not the number of citizens the census is
not a political tool for hyper-partisan
activity and that's exactly what the
Trump administration is trying to do it
is wrong to do this and you know what
when I hear the voting rights
justification used to say this is why we
need to do this as someone who enforced
the Voting Rights Act at the Justice
Department for a number of
here's the Voting Rights Act does not
require this and frankly it's insulting
to the people who gave their lives in
the passage of the Voting Rights Act to
use the Voting Rights Act as a perverse
justification for voter suppression if
you're looking at representation and
potentially losing a seat in in
California House seat in California is
in the census about citizenship though
isn't representation about citizenship
shouldn't it matter who was a citizen of
this country and not who is not a
citizen of this country the enumeration
requirement which is what the census
comes from says very clearly count the
number of persons in the United States
it doesn't talk about the number of
citizens and accuracy is always the
North Star of the census I had the
privilege in the Clinton administration
Obama administration to be involved in
these discussions and and it was always
about accuracy and what this is about
that the Trump administration is trying
to do is they're trying to scare people
this is an intimidation tactic there are
many mixed-status families by the way
not just in California but in Alabama in
Texas in Florida and elsewhere and
they're trying to make sure that account
isn't accurate that is inconsistent and
and that hurts
local officials mayors and others who
make decisions about service provision
based on census data that hurts cities
in red states and blue states who are
eligible for funding formulas depending
on how many people are there accuracy
should always be the North Star and this
is designed to make the census less
accurate so that they can pursue a
partisan agenda that is wrong and that
is why I'm confident that it will people
in California and New York and elsewhere
who are suing will prevail and you know
what this is a really important reason
and another reason why it's important to
let Democrats in November because
Democrats take over the house will pass
a rider can't folks argue though that
you're pursuing a partisan agenda as
well there are
on the other side who would say that
illegal immigrants shouldn't be covered
in the first place in terms of getting
resources like health and education
these are for American citizens why are
you counting people who are not here
legally who don't deserve this have the
same resources the same benefits that
American citizens pay taxes for every
day that's what the conservative
I always thought conservatives went back
to the plain language of the
Constitution the plain language of the
Constitution in the enumeration
requirement says you are to count the
number of persons in the United States
every 10 years
it does not say count the number of US
citizens they want to change it to count
the number of US citizens so that they
can engage in very not subtle voter
suppression that is illegal and and that
is totally inconsistent with what the
North Star of the census in Republican
and Democratic administrations has been
it's been about accuracy that's why you
see folks from the Bush administration
and other Republicans who are calling
out this complete overreach I mean
Donald Trump before this announcement
was made was already fundraising off of
this this is just another divide and
conquer effort this is a first cousin of
these voter ID laws sought to make sure
that African Americans and Latinos can't
vote this is not who we are as a nation
this is not why people died for the
passage of the Voting Rights Act Tom
Perez Tom thank you so much for coming
on we appreciate it always good to be
with you Katie and ahead the clown who's
running for Congress
no joke just want apparently you won't
want to miss this
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
