I'm joined now but the man of the hour
congressman Costello of Pennsylvania
congressman thank you so much for being
here thank you are you saying that
essentially your party has become a cult
of personality around Donald Trump I
think particularly in congressional
districts like mine you have to push
back over and over as often and as
loudly as you can in order to not have
that happen to you and yet you're not
going to be on the winning side of that
fight very often just because of the
unending cascade of these news stories
and voters want to know where you stand
on his conduct on a day to day basis and
that's not enough that's not an
unreasonable thing but it's also very
difficult in the competitive seat like
the one I've occupied where policy
arguments and what you want to do
matters but that's not the only
calibration that a voter is going to
think through as they're evaluating your
job performance well then why don't you
answer their questions on his conduct
why don't you answer what you think
about what he has done and then move on
to the issues of policy if they're
asking you about store McDaniels what do
you say is she telling the truth I mean
I think she is I do Katie I've had a
number of town halls and I do do that
I've always done that and you do get to
the policy but ultimately you get back
to more questions about it from the left
it's never good enough and from the
right the moment that you say anything
often the response is why you out there
saying that about the president why
aren't you defending them so you're in a
situation you feel like yeah I mean
there's no question about that now that
doesn't mean Republicans and suburban
districts can't win it just means that
it's a very catch-22 type of conundrum
that we find ourselves in and you know
I'm not here to complain about that but
obviously when I get asked about it I'm
certainly comfortable diagnosing it
because I've lived through it for the
last year and a half well part of
Congress's job is to act as a check on
the president and part of the complaints
are that Congress isn't doing anything
you act as a check on this particular
president should something be done
should there be a hearing on this
payment this 130 grand should there be
hearings on the president and its family
enriching themselves with Trump
properties while they hold government
office do you think there should be any
sort of hearing on what's going on with
the president beyond this Russia
investigation totally legitimate
question my feeling Katy is that when
members such as myself say that the
special counsel should be should come
about and it did that to know what the
breadth and width of the investigation
is at this moment in time is somewhat
difficult but it but what I don't think
it should not be interrupted it should
not be perverted for lack of a better
term and so I think that's where the the
investigation should occur and it is
occurring I would also say in terms of
what trey Gowdy has done I think he's
called balls and strikes pretty fairly
here and so you have to trust your gut
your Oversight Committee having said all
that no matter what you do I don't think
the most ardent anti Trump voters are
going to think it's enough but I do
think Mueller should be left to do his
job and I think that he is doing that
well what about though investigating why
Donald Trump's private businesses are
profiting and being enriched by taxpayer
party and foreign money why is that
something that Congress is not
investigating or at least holding
hearings on well my sense is that the
investigation may end up there I can't
just to answer I don't mean to be
elusive here but because there is an
ongoing investigation I've always tried
to set my attention on to stabilize in
the health insurance marketplace I think
we need universal background checks I
think we need to reduce carbon emissions
there's a number of policy areas where
as a member of Congress I should be
pushing forward on thinking that Mueller
is going to take the investigation where
it should go when it should go there you
know as well as I do if you have a
government
hearing a congressional committee
hearing on this site type of thing it
turns into a circus it turns into a
circus on both sides you're gonna have
some Republicans out there defending a
hundred and ten percent you're gonna
have Democrats out there doing the same
thing and I might also also say that
right now you do hear in many
congressional committee hearings that
those types of questions being asked
anyway let me play devil's advocate for
a moment should Donald Trump's conduct
be surprising it was very clear how he
conducted himself during the campaign
and in 2016 in May 2016 a campaign
advisor for you said in a statement that
you have stated all along that it's
vital for Republicans to win in November
and you'll be supporting the Republican
nominee for president
so you supported Donald Trump in his bid
for the White House despite everything
that you saw in 2016
do you regret that now boy that's a good
question the answer is look I supported
the tax bill I think it's good policy if
you look at the labor participation rate
it's much improved over the past few
decades low unemployment stock market
while volatile the past few weeks is
still strong money is being returned to
low and middle income Americans capital
B is being deployed to create more jobs
there's a good story to tell there is
and this president has signed into law
some legislation that I fully support
much in the way of regulatory reform
measures but Katie I'm gonna be the
first person to tell you I have little
kids and I don't want them to ask me
what does stormy Daniels do for a living
I don't want I don't like to hear a lot
of the things that I hear or when we
tweet the way that we tweet I don't like
it I mean when the question it was when
the question was asked during the
presidential race if someone had asked
me is he a role model I would have said
no nobody asked me that and I think that
a lot of voters support a lot of the
policies but we cannot discount the fact
that a lot of Americans legitimately
look at the President of the United
States any President of the United
States and say he or she should be a
role model I disagreed with many
of President Barack Obama's policies
there are some I agreed with but I
disagreed with many of them but he was a
good role model he conducted himself in
an appropriate way I met I could
disagree with him but I think of a lot a
lot of Americans want their president
even george w bush there was there was
some very tough times in 2006 but even
democrats I think now particularly look
back and say he's a decent man he had
high moral character and that matters it
matters in a lot of ways for a lot of
reasons and this kind of stuff it's not
good for our country it's not good for
our culture we saw a number of
demonstrations over the weekend and we
have children who are becoming more and
more politically engaged we want them to
be engaged on issues but you can't
ignore the character questions I just
don't think you can so let me ask you
one more time do you regret your vote in
no because the choice was President
Trump or then Secretary Clinton I'd
never really felt that the right end
route I think right and route was
avoiding one of two choices I hope he I
hope I hope he governs and gets rid of
some of the tweeting and all that sort
of stuff because it's not good for him I
don't let's be honest congressman I mean
if he was gonna get rid of the tweeting
or change his conduct it would have
happened by now no I agree with you and
I'm trying to be honest but what I'm
trying to also say is we have another
two and a half years of him as president
and he would do himself and he would do
Republicans in Congress much much better
if he were to focus on governing and
leave this other stuff off to the side
there's no doubt about that and when I
voted for him I had a feeling that he
would surround himself with good people
as the executive as he is and he would
let them run their agencies and that
some of the soap opera stuff of the
campaign would fall by the wayside I
legitimately felt that way and there
were a lot of Katy there were a lot of
other voters that felt the same way no
doubt about that I think that is a
feeling that a lot of folks had they
wish that he would leave the campaign
behind him
and be presidential as he assured
everybody he could be and just read your
book if they wanted to know any more
about the campaign thank you sir
congressman Costello thank you for
coming on we appreciate your candor
thank you
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
