want to turn now to John Thompson he was
director for the US Census Bureau until
just last year and had been with the
Census Bureau for nearly three decades
he is now the executive director of what
is called the Council of professional
associations on federal statistics mr.
Thompson nice to see you thanks for your
expertise on this topic so help us
understand exactly what this concern is
the fear of undercounts here the
conversations I've had is that
specifically in sort of mixed status
families they may see this question
exists on the Census and say simply
we're not going to participate sure so
first I think it's really important to
understand what the census is used for
so the census of youth four
reapportioned the Congress it's used for
ensuring fair districts it's used to
allocate over six hundred billion
dollars per year in federal funds it's
also used to ensure the accuracy of
virtually every other federal and
private a data collection activity in
the United States that produces
information from the people so it's
what's makes something called the
American Community Survey accurate it's
what makes the current population survey
which produces unemployment statistics
accurate right and if there's a lack of
representation in the census then that
lack of representation carries over not
just in redistricting not just an
apportionment but also for the next ten
years so that's why people are very very
concerned so I can understand that so
the concern obviously right now and
that's why California has already said
they will spend their own money to help
campaign to get immigrant populations to
engage in this census there was a
telenovela back in the last time they
did the census that had a latina who I
believe worked for the Census Bureau to
help sort of make that community more
comfortable with this here this is what
the Commerce Secretary will burrow so
ultimately Commerce Department is
overseeing this this is what he said
about about the topic on Fox this
morning so take a listen if you can
Justice Department feels they needed so
that they can enforce section 2 of the
Voting Rights Act which protects
minority voters that's the genesis of
the request for
this question back in we've done it
labret analyses within the Census
Department and we've concluded that the
benefits to the Voting Rights Act
enforcement of asking the question
outweighs these other issues
I want your rebuttal to that does this
help enforce the Voting Rights Act in a
way that protects minority communities
well the data on citizenship is
certainly important in the past it's
been collected on the American Community
Survey the risk to include on the census
is there has not been a test in a
contemporary census environment of
putting that question on the census so
the risk is that you would have a large
non-response for those populations and
you would have a large undercount
and that would probably be a lot worse
in terms of representation than that
continue to include on the American
Community Survey so there's a huge risk
that that a large undercount could
resolve for those populations so simple
terms who is at risk here these minority
communities specifically population
states with large immigrant populations
broadly right is that exactly that's the
takeaway the US Census Bureau right now
does not have as I understand it a
permanent director is that a slot you
think they need to fill to adequately
accomplish this well let me let me first
say that the person who is acting as the
census director is doing a fine job but
if this is an administration priority
then the administration should appoint a
director that can represent the
administration can be confirmed from the
Senate and that would go I think a long
ways towards convincing constituents
that the Census Bureau is trying to get
a fair and accurate count John Thompson
I appreciate you coming here to speak
about this with us thanks for your time
thank you former director of the Census
Bureau John John Thompson joy hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
