the legal battle between President Trump
and stormy Daniels is intensifying the
adult film actor whose real name is
Stephanie Clifford has amended her
original suit against President Trump
adding his lawyer who she claims defamed
her when he said she lied about having
an affair with Trump a lawyer for
Michael Cohen had already accused
daniels of defamation on sunday night
following her interview with 60 minutes
we should note that the White House
denies allegations of an affair between
the president and Daniels and at the
briefing yesterday deputy press
secretary Raj Shah said the president
also doesn't buy her claim that she was
threatened not to talk saying there's
just no proof that ever happened for
more I'm joined by Katie Fang MSNBC
legal analyst and Erin Blake senior
political reporter for The Washington
Post who's been covering this force
Katie let me start with the obvious
there were two people in that room if
the affair happened or it didn't desire
Kohner Daniels meat the bar for
defamation of character or if there's
proof out there it's gonna be about
whoever's not telling the truth so
here's the thing on Sunday night after
that 60 minutes interview we get the
cease and desist letter served on stormy
Daniels through her lawyer telling her
you have now defamed Michael Cohen but
now you have Michael Cohen being sued by
stormy Daniels in California federal
court for an amended complaint of
defamation and what's key about that is
in my legal opinion that new count of
defamation falls outside the scope of
any settlement agreement that was
entered into back in 2016
between stormy Daniels and essential
consultants LLC and the alias David
Dennison so consider this Kris if that
count of defamation is outside the scope
of any type of binding arbitration and
is out the scope of any type of
settlement agreement then there is no
non disclosure obligation on the party
stormy Daniels to not talk about it and
the underlying facts that would give
rise to a defamation cause is whether
there was an affair between Donald
Trump's Azure me Daniel's I thought it
was a cool excuse me it was a great
booze Carbonari
I think so it was a clever move by
Michael avenatti the lawyer for stormy
day and else to do that and
once again the amended complaint is
filed and we hear absolutely
zip from Donald Trump Raj Shah yesterday
saying there's no corroborating evidence
well there might be a CD with texts and
photos that's left to be seen in fact
Aaron as you've written about you might
say that the silence from Donald Trump
is deafening I think that's the way you
put it there is almost nothing and no
one
he won't weed about I mean if they
irritate him your colleagues at the post
also report that privately he's called
the scandal a hoax and I guess as proof
of that he said to his folks at the
White House he doesn't even find daniels
attractive history would tell us though
he's got to be wanting to put his point
of view out there so what's going on
it's it's totally an utterly bizarre
this is a guy who during the 2016
campaign called his female accusers
Liars this is a guy who just last week
we saw Joe Biden talk about if they were
in high school he would want to fight
the president of course ratchets that up
even more and hits back at Joe Biden
over that this is maybe the one example
of the president having a golden
opportunity to punch back to defend
himself publicly and for some reason
he's not taking it I think that there is
a sense that maybe there's some strategy
here maybe he's listening to his legal
team that doesn't want him to engage
this hopes it's going to go away
but I don't think it's going away this
is not just about the alleged affair
this is about whether there was a
violation that occurred when the payment
was made by Michael Cohen to stormy
Daniels and the stormy Daniels camp by
the way Michael a vanetti has shown a
really real knack for keeping this in
the news for almost being very Trump
--is-- a trumpet in his in his conduct
here so I mean Donald Trump who is the
master of using the media he tweets when
he wants to divert attention being so
quiet and yet you have Michael avenatti
you could make the argument I mean
because what we're learning is that this
whole decision on whether or not this
violated any campaign finance laws could
take a year or longer that's not going
to stay in the news you know piece by
piece by piece but he has
on an incredible job and you could argue
that that's a victory for him and his
client just by keeping it top of mind
for everybody right exactly the more
this stays and you know this is not just
a legal battle it's also a battle for
the public's attention which the
president often commands I think if you
look at that sixty minutes interview in
particular the part where stormy Daniels
said that she didn't find the president
attractive despite what they were doing
I think was really you know that was an
effort to go the president clearly and
now the president least behind closed
doors is apparently talking about how
she wasn't his type either so it may be
only a matter of time before the
president's burns whatever advice he has
here and just can't help himself but
fight back of course this is only one
part of what the president is facing
legally the big picture of course katie
is the russia investigation now we've
got two more lawyers Dan Webb and Tom
Buchanan declining to join the
president's team on the Russia
investigation because of business
conflicts and and there are we assume
also well aware that he has lost
representation because he doesn't take
advice from his lawyers that he has a
history of accusations that he doesn't
pay his attorneys so where is he gonna
find a good defense lawyer who can
navigate this kind of incredibly complex
case so as it's been aptly noted by Ari
Melbourne last night there are more
lawyers now that are involved in the
stormy Daniels litigation then there are
dealing with the defense of Donald Trump
in the Muller investigation and that is
a bizarre imbalance there you're not
gonna find a lawyer who wants to take on
a client who's going to completely
ignore good sound counsel no one wants
that that's a dangerous client and
frankly when the client is the President
of the United States and is looking at
possible potential impeachments who
wants to be the lawyer that represented
the president when he was impeached not
me
so that's going to be a real challenge
for the president to find somebody who's
willing to sit there and basically be
ignored when they tell somebody like
Trump that this is the law this is the
procedure and the person like Trump says
you know what I'm not doing this I'm not
gonna listen to you and tweets out some
outrageous thing like he did on Sunday
which
lawyers only want fame and fortune and
we only want to build more to be able to
make more money I mean that's offensive
and so you have to consider the fact
that most law firms don't want to be
affiliated with the president right now
and that's pretty egregious and that's
yes right and let's talk about the one
thing that's really hanging over him
right now he wants to go talk to those
investigators himself they're very
worried about that the people who are
left on his legal team
Katie Fang Erin Blake good to see both
of you thank you so much
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
