on the places that our optimistic
diverse dynamic moving forward and his
whole campaign make America great again
was looking backwards I think it was
wrong how she put it I think it
certainly is being taken out of context
which you know but she knows things that
you say are taken out of context so for
those of us that are in states that
Trump won we would really appreciate if
she would be more careful and show
respect to every American voter and not
just the ones who voted for her that was
Democratic Senator Claire McCaskill on
KCDC responding on Sunday to Hillary
Clinton's comments about Trump voters
from earlier this month let's bring in
our former White House director of
communications under President Obama and
communications director for Hillary
Clinton's 2016 presidential campaign Jin
Palmieri
her new book is titled dear Madam
President
an open letter to the women who will run
the world hey Jen thanks so much for
being with us we want to talk about in
the book but first let's talk about the
dust-up that Hillary Clinton had I guess
just last week or so when she when she
spoke in India do you agree with Claire
McCaskill that she may need to be a bit
more careful with the words she chooses
yeah I think I agree with Carol
McCaskill that you need to have respect
voter that you should respect all voters
voters who vote for you and voters who
don't and also that and something that I
write about in the book is that
candidates need to talk to all voters
whether they're gonna vote for you or
not particularly presidential candidates
you know where you are at a minimum you
want to be the president of the entire
country and you need to speak to
everyone and you need to have everybody
understand that whether they're gonna
vote for you or not you see that they
have a place in America and I think that
that is something that's been that's
been lacking in politics it's something
that I own in the book as a mistake as a
political professional that you think
about just talking to the voters who are
going to vote to you and I think that's
partly to blame for why we have such
divisions
you know Jen I remember talking to you
it must have been maybe two days before
Election Day and I asked how's
everything looking and I remember you
telling me and I was surprised at the
time you told me that she said you know
what if the if the election would
another week things would be pretty
rough in Michigan and Wisconsin but we
think we're gonna hold on but it's going
to be close so you actually where a lot
of us were shocked on election night you
weren't you all saw things breaking for
Trump in the last few days of the
campaign tell us about those final days
I felt it's funny I don't remember I
don't remember saying that but I do I've
you certainly member being nervous I
still thought that we were gonna win but
I thought part of the reason why I
thought I was we were going to win it's
because there seemed some sort of karmic
insurance that the harder it got the
uglier the things that Trump said were
that we would we would surely win
because I believe that's how things
worked in America and then we lost and I
had described in the book when I wanted
people to feel this and I think a lot of
women do it felt like I was in a
different universe and I woke up on
November 9th
I felt like my phone wouldn't operate
because I felt that disoriented and I
and tried to make sense of a place where
the where a man who I knew who I
disagree with so much who who in my
opinion you know treats women so badly
could win and you know then the question
is what do women do with that and what's
been remarkable as we've managed to feel
empowered by it because I think what it
told us was we have been living by the
wrong set of rules you can either decide
that Donald Trump was meant to win or
you could decide that what happened was
wrong and it shows that we're still
living and not that this is anyone's
fault because we just are all living in
the universe that we inherited but we
are still very much living in a world
that was built for men and that we have
to imagine a new way so
means you know as it's an example that I
talked about with Hillary we I had this
realization at one point in October that
what we had done to her was made her a
female facsimile of the qualities that
we look for in a male president and it
was just a gut punch because you thought
wow well no wonder people think she's an
authentic and that's something that we
have to go back to square one to fix and
I didn't even I couldn't even imagine
what it would look like to fix that and
that's that's when you see we sort of
run out of Road I think that women of
Hillary's generation the baby boomers
they had to prove that they could do the
job just as well as any man could do it
and just the same as he could do it and
that's what we set out to do and now but
now you realize oh yeah I can do that
and I've always felt that way I can do a
job just as well as a man could but I
don't want to I want to do the job the
male woman would so that means you know
like I have a chapter in the book not
less and cry more don't just absorb all
the blows that you think you have to
absorb because women have to prove
they're strong and if you feel like you
know if you get a little emotional at
work or something moves you to tears
because you really care about it that's
okay too women get to make a new way and
just not just like in the workplace in
politics and that's what that that's
what the advice is about and it's not
even about politics I wrote this with
little girls and young women that are
just starting out in mind yeah Mike
Barnicle look at the last thing I think
anybody wants to hear us talk about is
the campaign Hillary Clinton versus
Donald Trump the last thing that I want
to talk about really is that campaign
but you the first chapter of your book
is really compelling as the stories out
of losers locker rooms are always more
interesting more compelling than the
winning locker rooms that's my theory
yeah but you just framed it up as if you
know you were hurt like when you
realized trying to reposition Hillary
Clinton was just trying to make her
sound more like a male candidate that's
what you just said how do you reposition
or alter or implant a woman who has been
on the national stage for 30 years
and is so fixed not just in her
positions but in her attitude and her
view of the country
I mean she's filled with enormous
amounts of you know earned paranoia I
would say how do you how do you do that
evidently we didn't right and I think
that the further is it's painful for me
to say this but the further we get away
from that from her campaign I think what
which she went through is what the first
woman was sort of destined to experience
and for me anyway you know my experience
coming out of it is it proved we have to
think about this differently and I don't
mean to say we tried to turn her into a
man as we what we wanted to prove that
she had the qualities that people look
for an American president you're strong
you're capable you don't you know you
don't show emotion and you're very stoic
and you had and because she's a woman
you had to we had to overcompensate I
think for that and I think in its heart
you know so now now we're in the
territory of how do you change human
behavior that's that you know we're
living with the manifestation of you
know thousands of years of interactions
with men and women and I think the most
important that you do is change what's
in your own mind what do you tell the
next woman I think it's it's be aware of
this you know don't I think I did not
think it was a big deal to elect a woman
president okay I thought we looked the
first African president and that was
harder in a bigger deal and I didn't
think was going to be that hard or that
different and what I would think women
that are running for politics you know
young women that are entering the
workforce what they should understand is
it is still a revolutionary idea for
women to even be in the workplace we're
going to be in politics when you step
back women have only had the right to
vote for less than a hundred years and
we've only been in the workplace for a
hundred years and we spent centuries and
centuries making the workplace a
comfortable place for men nobody's fault
it's just the world we inherited so you
have to think about it differently and I
think the most important thing is to
change what's in your own mind and if
you think that doesn't feel right for me
it's not it wasn't built with you in
mind so so Susan one of the one of the
things that I noticed
actually we talked about onset in 2008
was what 2008 taught us and we actually
said this in real time even before
Barack Obama beat Hillary Clinton the
primary was that it was remarkable that
we were discovering that in America it
was harder for a woman to get elected
president than it was for a black
candidate in a majority white country to
get elected president why is it that the
United States of America stands alone in
the West as the only country where this
barrier still exists where we cannot
elect women as presidents and what's
also shocking is women outnumber men as
voters so we're not women are not
actually supporting other women just
based on that and it kind of brings me
to my point Jen is you as operatives we
always teach men how to run against
women and women how to run against men
but we don't necessarily teach women how
to run as themselves right and I think
that's the next thing that we have to
move forward on so to all those women
who are running an office this year how
do you break down the need to seem
strong and do all the things that are
qualities that we look for an elected
official right but still run as yourself
I think that you have to be it's a baby
it's very hard like I said we are like
we're pushing against human history now
words this is like this is very learned
behavior but I look I look at two things
one is Yolanda King Martin Luther King's
granddaughter wait who spoke at the
march on Saturday and i'ma Gonzales who
stood on the stage and cried for six and
a half minutes and the amount of time of
the that it took for the shooting to
happen in parkland and I'm said that's
what it looks like for women to lead
those two young women and what happens
is you have all the confidence in the
world as a little girl right there's
nothing more confident in the world than
a little girl and we lose it because we
learn and we learn to lose that we learn
to become inhibited and that is like
that's what the book is about is um is
unlearned those and for women candidates
I think keeping positive attitude about
it but be aware that
this this of this unconscious the these
unconscious biases that exist you know
we had an acronym on the campaign T Saha
jig IJ DL there's something about her I
just don't like and that's something
that there were interviews about Hilary
from the 92 campaign before anything
right before she'd been in office before
it hasn't been an office what do you
think Brooklyn's life you know there's
just something about her I just don't
like and it wasn't malicious and it
wasn't in and and and they weren't meant
as sexist comments it's just we sort of
struggle and are vexed by women that
step out of roles that they're
traditionally in so my advice to women
candidates is you just have to be aware
of that but don't limit yourself to
thinking you have to behave in the same
path that we've always been and at that
time Jennifer do you think is you talk
to Hillary Clinton I assume with
pheromones daily is she in a place now
where she can take some solace for what
seems to be going on among women
candidates certainly being recruited
across the field I mean it's a little
early to know I mean what word this is
all going to lead but do you have a
sense that she's in a solace place or is
there other remarks that we saw in India
today more emblematic of where she is I
think that she I think she is really
inspired by what she sees with all of
the women candidates that are running
with things like the the March for Life
yes on this weekend and just how much
people care and are turning out in our
power to to do this well I just found
out you from Pascagoula so you're a home
girl Pascagoula Mississippi it's so
great there's a cultural shift me to
movement represents a cultural shift
something is changing patriarchy is
being challenged yeah what does it mean
for women to exercise power now there's
a critique of identity politics there's
no necessary relationship between being
black and being fundamentally
anti-racist there's no necessary
relationship between being a woman and
necessarily trying to undermine
patriarchy right what do you say to
women who want to exercise power and how
will that changed fundamentally the
world for the least of these I really
think the most powerful thing you can do
is change what's in your Mona
in your own mind and that is that's what
the first chapter of the book was about
that's it I decided to change in my own
mind that is devastating as that
election result was I was not going to
accept that women were meant to lose and
that I had I had some good lessons to
draw on from when I worked in the Obama
White House you know that was a scary
thing your White House communications
director you're advising the president
United States and when you say when you
speak your words matter and exec even
having the job I was still intimidated
by it
and you know President Obama said once
to a group of women that we're meeting
with them it was just women that
happened more than once and he could see
somebody was holding back and he said
Speak Up you're in the room it's like
sort of gestured around like see see
those rounded walls it's the Oval Office
this is it this is no other room and I
thought you know you got a like you're
you got you're giving these
opportunities you go to speak up and
believe that you can make your own in
your own mind you can make that
difference all right Jen Pelt Mary I
didn't know you are a Pascagoula native
yes yes this is why I this is why I'm
also such a fan of Pensacola that's why
you love Pensacola so much we'll head
back over to Pensacola everybody misses
you thanks for being with us
the book is dear madam president Jen
Palmieri as always it's great talking to
you thank you
Morning Joe we'll be back in three
minutes thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
