bringing a member of the House
Intelligence and Foreign Affairs
committees Democratic congressman
Joaquin Castro of Texas congressman
let's first start by asking you your
reaction to John Bolton's appointment
and what it means for the United States
foreign policy I think it affirms to me
the idea Joe that if diplomacy fails
with North Korea this administration and
this president have a desire to go to
war with North Korea
and I don't say that lightly I mean
based on everything that I've seen and
classified and of course unclassified
settings I believe that this president
basically wants to go to war with North
Korea and the appointment of that besser
bolted to me is an affirmation of that
what's it what's the impact let's say
the United States attacks bombs
unilaterally North Korea the way John
Bolton has said he wants the United
States to do based on unclassified
material that you've seen in your
committees and in Congress how many
deaths does that lead to not only of
South Koreans but also of Americans in
that region you're talking about at
minimum hundreds of thousands of people
dead if not millions of people that's
what's at stake here congressman do you
think this you and your colleagues are
you prepared to pass a law or resolution
that would try to stop the president
from launching a preventive or
pre-emptive military strike against
North Korea absent specific
congressional authorization that's a
possibility yeah it's hard to say
whether it's something like that would
pass but it's certainly something that
we should talk about and pursue in the
Congress absolutely you know I just
think that this president based on
everything that I've seen and heard is
determined at some point to go to war
with North Korea but would you support
something like that yourself I'd be
likely to yes so congressman what do you
do what does the House Intelligence
Committee do given the role of the
national security advisors of the
president supposedly an honest broker
assembling the intelligence
forwarding recommendations options for a
president to choose from when mr. Bolton
gets high grades for being a responsible
Intel it
than intellect know what he's doing and
yet he's been accused in the past of
twisting intelligence for his own
specific purposes what do you do when
you realize what you see on a classified
basis is not the same as what the
National Security Adviser
is providing to the president well I
think it's as members of Congress and
really it's a responsibility of people
in both parties without regard to party
need to speak up in the press but also
those who have a link or you know a
hotline to the White House need to be
making the case to the president and
folks at the White House but ultimately
there has to be some check and balance I
think on a president who is determined
to go to war and also you would like to
see people around the president who
aren't just yes men or women my fear
with what's going on the clearing out of
this White House from secretary
Tillerson general McMaster and others is
that the president is basically clearing
out anybody who isn't subservient and
obsequious to him and putting in people
who are just going to say yes or who
already agree with him anyway
so there's no conflict at all
congressman yes sir you participate in a
day of unity with senator Ted Cruz it's
certainly inspirational to many of us
who want to see Democrats and
Republicans working together but how do
you take that one day where you kind of
come together and move it forward
whether it's a national security or
reaching a dalco solution what's
stopping us is it simply just
Republicans not willing to work with the
President or any of the president not
working to work with Democrats where
does it fall apart of it is it the
president definitely sets the tone but I
think it's also a few things first
gerrymandering has gotten so bad that
people are in districts where they only
have to please a basically primary
voters so structurally I'm in yeah I'm
in a district that's probably about 60%
Democrat and you know so I have tried
very hard not to be somebody who just
because Republicans don't have enough
voters out there in my district at least
to beat a Democratic candidate that
always tries to listen to the other side
in fact I'm having a town hall on April
3rd where I've invited specifically
people that disagree with me because I
want to hear the other side of the
argument so it's almost exclusively for
people
disagree with me I think we need to do
more of that I think the structure of
Congress also their structural elements
besides gerrymandering in Congress I
think that could change the customs you
know we sit on each side of the chamber
Democrats and Republicans same thing in
committees those seem like small changes
but when you're only together about 140
days and for a few hours every day it
can actually make a difference so I'm
curious you had this day of unity
yesterday yeah there's Sunday Sunday how
was it served tell us about your day of
unity it was it was good it was actually
put on thinking put together by high
school Democrats and high school
Republicans so it was something that was
put together by the students and they
had the chair of the Texas Republican
Party the Democratic Party senator Cruz
myself and others yeah turned out well
one quick question for you before we get
you out of here thankfully a bit you
think you say you just said you've been
asking easy questions in the committee
chairs and sitting on the House floor
that you've only worked 140 days a year
for a few hours a day how come you guys
don't work full time that's a great
question you know it's a question that
I've been asking since I came in in
January of 2013 I think a few years ago
last term I think it was or in the last
few years basically we were only in
session about a hundred days this year I
think is about a hundred and forty maybe
150 so Congress ought to be walking more
should be asking like how many hours a
day now we're only together a few hours
you may want Congress to actually work a
few more days Congressman Joaquin Castro
thank you very much and good luck in San
Antonio this to again with the
n-c-double-a s they're looking forward
to it
good thank you still ahead president
Trump doesn't hold back when tweeting to
his forty nine million followers so why
is he state so silent when stormy
Daniels we're going to go live to the
White House to try and find out that
answer next on Morning Joe thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
