you were 27 he was 60 were you
physically attracted to him no not at
all
no did you want to have sex with him no
but I didn't I didn't say no I'm not a
victim I'm not it was entirely
consensual oh yes yes
part of stormy Daniels
highly-anticipated sixty minutes
interview in which she detailed her
alleged affair with Donald Trump back in
O six the White House and Trump attorney
Michael Cohen have denied the affair
ever happened since the interview aired
last night Daniels has ramped up her
legal battle against the president she
filed an amended lawsuit alleging
Trump's personal attorney Michael Cohen
defamed her and that campaign finance
law was violated by brokering the
so-called hush agreement before the 2016
election earlier today Daniels attorney
Michael avenatti talked to Nicole
Wallace about the case we're suing him
for telling effectively a lot about my
client and his lie was that the affair
did not happen effectively so we're
going to prove in fact that it did
happen and therefore his denial was
inaccurate
secondly and equally important if not
more important we are now seeking to
invalidate the agreement not just
because it wasn't signed but on a host
of other grounds the most significant of
which for the purposes of our discussion
right now and this goes hand-in-hand
with what mr. Potter said on 60 minutes
is because we are contending that this
agreement was designed to basically
further a campaign finance violation
Michael Cohen has said the $130,000
payment came from his own personal
account a line of credit actually and
not the Trump campaign or the Trump
Organization in her 60 minutes interview
Daniels went on to say she was
threatened to keep her silence about the
alleged relationship with Trump the
threat came back in 2011 I was in a
parking lot going to a fitness class
with my infant daughter
I was taking you know the seats facing
backwards in the back seat diaper bag
you know getting all the stuff out and a
guy walked up on me
and said to me leave jump along forget
the story and then he leaned around and
looked at my daughter and said it's a
beautiful little girl would be a shame
if something happened to her mom and
then he was gone you took it as a direct
threat absolutely
I was rattled I remember going into the
workout class and my hands are shaking
so much I was afraid I was gonna drop
her did you ever see the person again no
but I if I did I would know it right
away did you go to the police
no why because I was scared a lawyer
representing Trump's attorney Michael
Cowan sent a cease-and-desist letter to
Michael avenatti the attorney there that
addressed this alleged threat it reads
in part quote mr. Cowan had absolutely
nothing whatsoever to do with any such
person or incident does not even believe
that any such person exists or that any
such incident ever occurred
Daniel's never named Cohen as the person
who threatened her and Michael avenatti
told our own Nicole Wallace this
afternoon that it was not Cohen in that
garage earlier today the White House
spokesperson addressed this alleged
threat was the president aware of a
physical threat made against miss
Daniels when she was with her daughter
back
well the president doesn't believe that
any of the claims that miss Daniels made
last night in the interview are accurate
he doesn't believe she was burned no he
does not
what was his basis for that rush sorry
what's his basis for that well he just
doesn't believe that you know there's
nothing to corroborate her claim the
Washington Post has some new reporting
tonight about the president's
behind-the-scenes reaction to the 60
Minutes interview quote privately the
president has lobbed sharp attacks at
Daniel's and her media tour calling her
allegations a hoax and asking confidence
if the episode was hurting his poll
numbers president even has gripe to
several people that Daniels is not the
type of woman he finds attractive Trump
who was among the estimated 22 million
Americans who watched the Daniels
interview that aired Sunday night on CBS
a staff in the White House if they too
had watched and wondered what they
thought of it said someone who had
spoken to him the president said that he
that he personally did not think Daniels
appeared credible this person added well
on top of all that with us to talk about
it Kimberly Atkins chief White House
reporter for the Boston Herald and
Jeremy Peters political reporter for The
New York Times
both our MSNBC contributors soaked in
boiling all of this down reducing it
down to its essence there's new polling
out tonight that shows roughly
two-thirds of Americans believe the
women in this case what do you think the
the lead story is right now from the
stormy Daniels matter including the
interview last night well I think the
biggest thing more than just the
salacious details of an alleged affair
that the President had the more than a
decade ago is the legal aspect of this I
mean you have fresh lawsuits being filed
in this case and the more legal
litigation there is over this the more
potential peril this could pose for the
president and those around him because
it just presents more opportunities for
him to be on the record under oath
making statements or even being deposed
in these case
if you recall some of the most
high-profile legal cases that brought
down some politicians including Bill
Clinton what led to his impeachment was
the Paula Jones litigation what brought
down John Edwards was the discovery that
he had used campaign use money to pay
someone who he fathered a child with and
that was considered to be an illegal
campaign contribution it's things like
that that could lead the president to
trip up we already know he's surrounded
even his own advisers are worried about
him testifying in the Moller case for
fear that he might perjure himself if he
purchased himself in one of these civil
litigation cases that could be the same
problem for him so it's a lot of
landmines here for him legally and
Jeremy we've discussed the number of
people who believe this is what could
get him this he may not rank this as
highly as the Muller investigation I
just mentioned this poll two-thirds
thereabouts of Americans believe the
women how do you think Congress would
pull hmm I think Congress had pulled
pretty close to 80 85 percent I've spent
the day talking to a lot of Republicans
Brian and almost every one of them said
wow she seemed really credible really
believable but to your point about this
being the thing that brings President
Trump down that may very well be I think
one hurdle though that prosecutors will
have to get over if this is indeed what
they go for and we don't know that by
any stretch of the imagination
is the campaign finance laws as they're
written are full of holes and they're
full of holes because Republicans have
worked to make them full of holes one of
the Republicans who worked assiduously
to make sure that these laws are fold
holes is Don Magan the White House
Counsel who during the John Edwards
matter argued that this really wasn't a
violation what John Edwards did yeah
sure it doesn't look so great he cheated
on his dying wife yes but legally
speaking there was nothing that the
government should go after him for so
that just gives you an idea of what this
what prosecutors will be going up
against if they decide to go after Trump
on this which we don't know hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
