but today we're about to be joined by a
Democratic member of Congress who
appears to have stumbled upon some I
guess surprising news about White House
senior advisor and presidential
son-in-law Jared Kushner one thing to
know about Jared Kushner and his tenure
in the White House is that Jared Kushner
has a very very good lawyer he is not
himself a lawyer but boy did he pick a
good one his lawyer is one of those
Washington legends who turns up in
high-profile cases involving very
high-profile politicians on both sides
of the aisle with a common thread
uniting all of his clients is they all
seem to win or get exonerated even when
it seems like the facts are very much
against them Jared Kushner his lawyers
the man you see on your on the left
there with Senator Bob Menendez Jared
Kushner's lawyers named ABI Lowell he's
the real deal
top-drawer Washington lawyer before that
mr. Christian was also represented by
Jamie Garelick who is also the real deal
top-drawer and and that high-powered
highly competent very well-respected
top-drawer legal representation is
important and it's in its own right for
Jared Kushner particularly with this new
news that has been discovered tonight on
a more human level though it's also just
a well it's a it's a it's a it's a
striking contrast with what's been going
on with the President himself as of this
weekend it appears that the president no
longer has any serious legal
representation when it comes to the
Russia scandal the president's lead
lawyer on the Russia matter had been
this man John Dowd so for example that's
who'd been negotiating with robert
muller and his prosecutors about when
and whether and how the president might
end up being questioned by the special
counsel and his team and i know it feels
like there's been a lot of chaotic
lawyering and sort of a strange cast of
characters around the president when it
comes to his legal defense but what has
happened there what has happened on that
subject in the last week which has
resulted in the president no longer
having really a Russia legal defense I
got it's been nuts but what just
happened in the past week is almost
impossible to believe we can now tell
from the reporting that's happened over
the weekend in into today that it
appears what happened with John Dowd
is that the reason he quit the reason
the president's lead lawyer on the
Russia scandal submitted his resignation
of walked out in the middle of the
investigation is because the president
announced that he was making an addition
to his legal team he said he was
bringing on a guy who he had seen on Fox
News a guy named Joseph Joseph de
Jennifer now whatever the president's
reasons were for wanting to bring mr. de
Jennifer on to his team we know it came
at a very high cost it caused his lead
lawyer on the Russia scandal to quit and
walk out and maybe that kind of a risk
maybe that kinds of a kind of a trade
off felt worth it at the time to the
president but that was a bad calculation
because we now know that at the time the
president took that risk and thereby
watched his lead Russia lawyer watch
John Dowd walk out the door because of
it at that time the president hadn't
even met Joe digenova yet this new guy
he was bringing it it cost the president
so much to bring on this new guy and
then when he finally met this new guy
turns out he didn't like him
Thursday night Joe de Jennifer and his
wife were finally invited to the White
House to meet the president for the
first time and the president didn't like
them according to Politico dot-com quote
the couple looked disheveled when they
came to meet with the president which
helped convince the president that they
weren't the right fit the New York Times
was slightly more delicate about it
saying that once the president finally
met mr. digenova and his wife the
president quote did not believe he had
personal chemistry with them Washington
Post had the saddest most unvarnished
take on it the president wanted to
Jennifer to be on his legal team even
though he did not know him because the
president enjoyed mr. DeGeneres TV
appearances however once he announced
that he had hired mr. de Jennifer and
brought him to the White House to meet
him quote the president was less
impressed with mr. digenova
than he had been while watching him on
television they're kind of shorter than
I thought
I don't even know if he's short the
president is not iring Joseph digenova
or his wife after all but announcing
that he was hiring them before he even
bothered to meet them costing the
representation of his actual lead lawyer
on the Russia scandal who has been
representing him for months and
coordinating that whole response and so
now at this late date in the rest of
scandal the president really doesn't
have a lawyer he has Jay Sekulow
who goes on TV and and talks about the
case and also does a right-wing talk
radio show that sometimes talks about it
mr. Sekulow is now reassuring reporters
that even though it looks like it's only
him there are some other lawyers who
work at his activist group who have been
helping him out too but that's it even
in a best-case scenario that we believe
that Jay Sekulow and friends are
representing the president that's it
that's who's handling legal
representation
for the President of the United States
and the most serious national security
scandal to ever loom over any American
president the talk-show host guy and and
that is striking in its own right it's
astonishing when you add in the fact
that other people in the Trump
administration who were not the
president have been able to get
themselves real lawyers I mean the vice
president Mike Pence he has a Russia
lawyer yes he has a real Russia lawyer
he's a real lawyer named Richard :
hope Hicks recently resigned White House
communications director not yet 30 years
old she's got a real lawyer
Robert Trent is her lawyer he's the real
deal Reince Priebus former chief of
staff steve ben and former chief
strategist Don Magan who for some reason
is still White House Counsel they're all
utilizing a guy named William Burke as
their Russia lawyer William Burke is the
real deal he's a real lawyer and that
Jared Kushner has got freakin Abbie
Lowell if you had a friend in Washington
and was facing very serious legal
trouble as a public official you would
want Abby Lowell to be your friends
lawyer and I don't know whether or not
you feel friendly toward Jared Kushner
but that is the situation he's in right
now both in terms of who his lawyer is
and how much trouble it looks like he
might be in it appears that his his his
sort of lawyer in firepower
is matching his legal liability mr.
Kirchner's legal exposure in the rush of
scandal and really
it matters sort of started off deep but
they've been getting deeper ever since
it was only last summer when we learned
that six months into the new
administration Jared Kushner had already
revised his financial disclosure forms
thirty-nine times and Counting like did
he have any other job or was he just
full-time revising his forms as the
Russia scandal has been reported out
we've learned that mr. Kushner was also
in a lot of secret the secret meetings
involving the Russian government that
were not initially disclosed including
the Trump Tower meeting during the
campaign and his meeting during the
transition with the head of a sanctioned
Russian bank last May is when we learned
that after one of his undisclosed
conversations with the Russian
ambassador the Ambassador communicated
back home to his superiors in Moscow is
slightly befuddled by the requests that
Jared Kushner had sought to create a
secret secure method of communication
between himself and the Kremlin even
going so far as to ask the Ambassador if
he could maybe start communicating with
the Russian government using secure
channels from inside Russian diplomatic
facilities so to keep his Kremlin
communications secret he was offering
that he would go to the Russian embassy
to make his calls to the Kremlin yeah
you know I feel it was good but that's
nuts that's nuts
and now this year in 2018 things have
just gotten more and more serious The
New Yorker reporting in January that
Jared Kushner had been meeting alone
outside diplomatic channels with
multiple foreign leaders including
repeatedly the ambassador to China
further reporting that Chinese officials
were overheard on intelligence
intercepts talking about Jared Kushner
bringing up his family's real estate
business and its interests while taking
while talking policy with the Chinese
government as a White House official
that in February it was the Washington
Post reporting that intelligence
intercepts from at least four different
countries showed foreign officials
discussing ways to manipulate Jared
Kushner in his White House role
including the opportunities they saw for
leverage over him based on his family's
real estate business and his family's
real estate businesses pursuit of
foreign investment
that was a sort of landmark piece of
reporting about Jared Kushner not just
because of what we learned about how
Kushner has been comporting himself as a
White House official that also ended up
being a really important report in The
Washington Post because that's where we
learned that Kushner's difficulties
getting a security clearance we're
coming from inside the house
they weren't just because the FBI or the
Justice Department turned up something
they were uncomfortable with having to
do with Jared Kushner that reporting
from The Washington Post in February is
how we learned the White House itself
was a little worried about Jared Kushner
they were seeing evidence about
Kushner's behavior as a White House
official that caused other White House
officials to kibosh his security
clearance quote national security
adviser HR McMaster learned that Jared
Kushner had contacts with foreign
officials that he didn't coordinate
through the National Security Council
and he didn't officially report them the
issue of foreign officials talking about
their meetings with Kushner and their
perceptions of his vulnerabilities those
were subjects raised in HR McMasters
daily intelligence briefings officials
in the White House were concerned that
Kushner was naive and being tricked in
conversations with foreign officials
quote Kushner's contacts with certain
foreign government officials raised
concerns inside the White House and
became a reason he has been unable to
obtain a permanent security clearance so
it wasn't just some hang up at the FBI
or him not being able to get the
thirty-ninth the version of his form
straight what what the White House and
the the National Security Advisor
observed about Kushner's behavior in the
White House that was the problem so we
got that from the Washington Post in
February Jared has problems based on
what intelligence officials inside the
White House have seen about his behavior
since he's been inside the White House
that was the Washington Post February
27th the very next night February 28th
New York Times broke their own scoop
that two companies gave a half billion
dollars billion with the be 500 million
dollars in loans to jared Kushner's
family real estate company right after
executives from those two firms took
meetings in the White House with Jared
Apollo Global Management gave Kushner
companies a hundred and eighty four
million dollars after one of their top
met with Jared in the White House
similarly citigroup duck forked over 325
million dollars to Jared's family
real-estate company after a Citigroup
executive met with Jared in the White
House February 28th that's in The New
York Times and then a funny thing
happened a Democratic member of Congress
wrote to the office of government ethics
to ask for an advisory opinion on any
ethics issues which might emerge from
that New York Times reporting well dear
acting director David J a Paul On
February 28th the New York Times
reported that senior advisor to the
president Jared Kushner's family
businesses received over half a billion
dollars in private loans from two
financial companies shortly after their
executives met with mr. Kushner in the
White House I respectfully request that
you provide an advisory opinion on these
matters and then this member of Congress
lays out the concerns raised in this
article but Jared Kushner not being
divested from his active business
entities financial holdings Jared
Kushner having personally guaranteed
loans to a private business while he's
serving as a White House official Jared
Kushner meeting with potential investors
and creditors in those business entities
while he's in a position to do favors
for them as a White House official quote
do these actions by mr. Kushner
constitute a breach of his ethical
obligations to the American people thank
you for your attention to this matter I
look forward to your response sincerely
Roger Krishnamoorthy Democratic member
of Congress from the eighth District of
Illinois and although he signs this
letter saying I look forward to your
response does he really think he's gonna
get a response to this he has and it
comes with a big surprise the office of
government ethics wrote back in Brooke
some news office of government ethics
wrote back laying out the serious
ethical and potentially criminal matters
that could be at stake with Jared
Kushner's behavior as pertains to these
gigantic loans his family and his
family's company got from people he met
with as a White House official but
according to the Office of government
ethics this matter of Jared Kushner's
liabilities on this issue
it's already under investigation inside
the White House quote I have discussed
this matter with the White House
counsel's office in order to ensure that
they have begun the process of
ascertaining the facts necessary to
determine whether any law or regulation
has been violated during that discussion
the White House informed me they have
already begun this process oh really so
it was weird at the outset that the
president hired his son-in-law to be a
White House senior advisor but now we
know that since he's been in that role
other White House officials not the
president have stripped Jared Kushner of
his security clearance
they've actively got him under
investigation for a half billion dollars
that found its way to his family real
estate company after Kushner took White
House meetings with executives in a
position to direct those funds how
sustainable is this I mean it has been
weird in an ongoing way that the
president's son-in-law has way better
lawyers and the Russia investigation
than the president does but with mr.
Kushner at least it seems clear that his
lawyers are very much earning their pay
we've got more on this new scoop and the
member of Congress who figured it out
that stories next day with us hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
