now well this is an example where we're
seeing Democrats outperform Republicans
in these small donations across the
country it seems that when the president
talks it translates to dollars well you
know what I've got to tell you something
small donations worry me it's a national
fundraiser small donations are votes and
their voices when you have the you know
the big bundle or which I handle a lot
of the you know big bundlers that's one
person that's a lot of money but that's
one person when you get all these little
remember Obama Obama won his fundraising
zoomed high because of all these small
repeat donations for $20 $30 50 you are
right in trunk Trump being a billionaire
actually had the you know the ability to
attract these small donors and these are
people that don't have a lot of money
but when you see an influx of small
donations 20s and 30s and 50s and even
hundreds or whatever it's someone saying
I care that should worry because that is
a vote and you get a whole bunch of
those versus one $3,500 or fifty four
hundred dollar donor or whatever that
should worry you because that is a
movement small donors are a movement in
momentum so on either side of the aisle
when you start noticing a pattern of
small donors you'd better worry and if
they're seeing an influx and small
donors you know on the Democratic side
that should worry Republicans but their
enthusiasm it's going on both sides of
the aisle and I've noticed that
donations are flying on both sides of
the aisle as well now the RNC's out
raise the DNC so you've got to figure
that money in and then you've got Trump
super PAC who's starting to pour in but
then on the other hand you've got
Michael Bloomberg whose word word 2020
throwing in 20 million 80 million that's
a lot of cash to be slinging around for
races I want to share a Don jr. spoke to
our our own ally Batali last night about
what he thinks his father is
contributing to these midterms take a
listen so many of our voters that I
can't wait to vote for Trump
it's called 2020 know what's going on in
November that's November you know they
don't know their congressman they don't
have that same emotional connection that
they do with my father but the reality
is for them Trump is on the ticket
in 2010 to see the point yes Donald
Trump jr. makes a great point I'll tell
you why because these are Trump
enthusiasts and Donald Trump is going
around all the United States - a lot of
these hot vetted seat races that are up
and he's feeling the momentum for Trump
and so what Trump is trying to do with
the RNC chairperson Rana Rana me
McDaniels what all these people are
trying driving the Romney okay we're uh
I I'm so used to like the Hillary Rodham
Clinton when they have a three name I
say anyway what they're trying to do is
say remember it's Trump on the ticket
don't forget it's Trump on the ticket
because the enthusiasm on the Republican
side is there for truck and he's trying
to say he's trying to trans you know
transition this into I'm still on the
ticket folks so what Donald Jr said is
true don't forget just you know you like
Trump and you like this but please make
it to the poll here's what's interesting
Democrats are saying we need our message
to be more than just not Trump and the
Republican and what Donald Trump is
saying is just vote with Trump you know
what if I were a Democratic strategist I
would say I don't if you're gonna vote
Democratic and you're voting because you
hate Trump do it take the vote however
you can get it because a win is a win
and the loss is a loss in the end so if
the Democratic message you know if it's
going to be about health care or this or
that whatever brings the Democrat to the
pole do it you know because Republicans
are gonna do the same thing let's talk
about Indiana because Fox has a pullout
saying democratic incumbent and and this
guy's a moderate Joe Donnelly is topping
Republican channel challenger Mike Braun
by two points but last night Braun had a
tube excuse me Braun had a two-point
lead last month
it's Cavanaugh really impacting all of
us Cavanaugh has really gotten in the
crosshairs for a lot of people a lot of
people I mean look at the trial so many
people were glued on to that I mean I
remember being on your show last week I
got emotional I mean it was raw emotion
people feel you couldn't help but feel
you know for Ford and cow
and all and everybody combined there
everyone at the end though hated
politics they did that is one thing that
we all came together we hated politics
were like enough is enough so I think
that you're seeing remnants of that raw
emotion play in Indiana's deal I really
think that that's why you're seeing you
know all these fluctuating numbers in in
these polls and as you know when it
starts tightening up when you start
getting close to Election Day you're
gonna see a lot more wiggle room in some
of these polls let's see hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
