joining me now is New Jersey Republican
congressman Leonard Lantz congressman
thank you so much for being here good to
see you in person thank you for having
me cake you just heard congressman
Costello talk about why he is not
running again and he has a point there
is one thing after another mccabe
Moeller etc stormy Daniels is the
president making it difficult for
Republicans to protect their own seats
in the upcoming midterms congressman
Costello is a colleague of mine on the
House Energy and Commerce Committee he's
a terrific member of the House I'm sorry
that he's not running for re-election
I think the readings reasons he stated
are important also I think there was a
configuration change in the
congressional districts in Pennsylvania
based upon the decision of the Supreme
Court of Pennsylvania so do you not
think it's an issue at all that the
narrative is being taken up by one
controversy after or another I think it
is an issue I think there are other
issues as well and certainly of the two
major stories today the more important
to me is obviously the rush in the story
um 20
Donald Trump won the district in
Pennsylvania that Connor Lam just won by
20 points
Connor Lam ended up winning at a
Democrat ended up winning it if it can
happen in a district like that how are
other Republicans and safer districts
going to run how are you gonna run after
all you're in a district that Hillary
Clinton won Hillary Clinton carried my
district by 3,800 votes I was pleased to
carry it by 38,000 votes
I think the Connor Lam district is a
district that is based upon an
industrial base and I think it's a
district quite different from the
district I represent but certainly
Connor Lam ran as a relatively
conservative Democrat saying that he
would not vote for Nancy Pelosi for
leader or for Speaker and so I think
each district is particular to itself
but but obviously we have to campaign on
our views and where we think the nation
should move forward a lot of Republicans
are trying to run on the tax law the tax
law something that you did not vote for
so what are you going to be running on
in New Jersey I'm going to be running on
my record of fiscal responsibility of
ethical integrity and of serving the
district to the best of my ability and
certainly I'm going to end
to the voters in the congressional
district I serve not only where I may
agree with the president but also where
I may disagree with him a lot of the
base in the Republican Party wants
complete fealty to Donald Trump which is
making it difficult for moderate
Republican candidates to win in a
general election do you have that issue
with your base in New Jersey do they
expect complete fealty to Donald Trump I
don't believe so and Katie as you know
I've had a series of town hall meetings
over the last year I think I've had 46
in total and six in the last year and
certainly based upon those town hall
meetings my constituents want me to vote
on behalf of their best interest and
sometimes that is in disagreement with
what the white house might want punched
through though when when you have
newscasts leading with stories of the
president not just having an affair with
a porn star but his associates paying
her off to keep her quiet over it
stories about intimidation she feels
like her physical safety was threatening
that of her doctrine and that of her
daughter as well how do you punch
through when it's won controversy after
another with this president and it's not
as if he tamps down on these things he
often adds more fuel to the fire I would
imagine that these issues should be
resolved in in a legal forum I'm an
attorney and used to practice law
privately and I certainly think that the
justice system will reach a conclusion
on these matters based upon a suit that
was filed today and other suits on the
other side and I have confidence in our
legal system John Edwards was
investigated over similar allegations
paying hush money to cover up an affair
an affair should the the president be
investigated over this I think this
should be resolved through the legal
process and I have every confidence in
our legal process in this country but
should he be investigated I think the
investigation should be on matters
related to whether there was a
involvement financed with involvement
with the Russians and I fully supportive
of the Muller investigation about
campaign finance laws that might have
been broken with stormy Daniels in that
payment and it happened just days before
the election I think I will be
investigated by the appropriate
authorities in Washington I presume the
Federal Elections Commission mark
Sanford says this
was a Democratic president you and your
colleagues would all be calling for a
massive investigation here's what he
said let's reverse the shoes if it was a
Democratic president and hush money had
been paid in the campaign would there be
a series of hearings going on I think
you could probably point to a fair
number of indicators that suggest there
would be does he have a point he may
very well have a point and perhaps there
should be an investigation but I do have
copper hearing at least in Congress I do
have confidence in the FEC let's talk
about Russia and you mentioned it a
little bit a little a moment ago saying
that you think it's the most important
story today a lot of folks would agree
with you yeah why do you think the
president didn't say anything about this
spy poisoning to Vladimir Putin when he
had him on the phone last week after all
the administration has called this
brazen and dangerous why would the
president not confront Vladimir Putin
directly I wish he had and I don't know
why he did meet but I do have confidence
in Mike Pompeo whom I know because he
served on the Energy and Commerce
Committee before becoming CIA director
before being nominated as Secretary of
State and I know that Mike Pompeo is
very tough on Russia and I'm sure he's
giving the president appropriate advice
in that regard what does that say to you
when you say I when I asked you a
question about the president why he did
not do something why he was not tougher
with Vladimir Putin the president the
United States a Republican president and
you immediately pivot to his CIA
director I hope that the president will
articulate what I think is important
what I'm sure he's being told by Mike
Pompeo by general mattis and others and
I would urge the president to do so it's
a matter of national security do you
have confidence after a a year on the
job after a year of continuing to have
flattering phone calls with Vladimir
Putin where he congratulate him when his
national security team has told them not
to congratulate him are you confident
that this president is taking the threat
of Russia as seriously as he should be I
certainly think that the administration
and obviously the president's the head
of the administration did the right
thing today on expelling 60 Russians and
that is in concert with allies across
the globe and I support that I support
strong sanctions against Russia
saying administration I'm talking about
the president himself the administration
certainly put out these have has
expelled these sixty diplomats the
administration continuously is tougher
than the President of the United States
why is the President himself not coming
out and addressing the American people
on this I hope he does and I would
suggest that he do that and the sooner
the better
congressman Leonard Lance good to see
you thank you so much for being here we
always like to see you in person Thank
You Kate
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
