joining me now is California Congressman
John Garamendi congressman thank you
very much for being here let's stick to
that the Russian expulsion z' you've
been a fierce critic of the
administration on their Russia policy
are you happy to see this and move today
good steps small steps inadequate step
we simply have to make it absolutely
clear to Putin not just to the Kremlin
not just to their Foreign Affairs
Department but rather directly to Putin
you're gonna pay a price you're gonna
pay a big price for not only the
election and the poisoning in the United
Kingdom but also for hacking into
America's critical infrastructure we
have an organization in the Department
of Defense called cyber comm they're
specifically responsible for defending
this nation and striking back there's
some things that we need to make very
very clear to Russia you think we're
vulnerable you better look in your own
backyard mr. Putin because maybe your
phone's not gonna work tonight we're
standing alongside not only the UK but
more than a dozen other European
countries in expelling diplomats a
number of our allies in expelling
diplomats lots of folks are calling this
the strongest move yet from this
administration from this White House you
yourself have has made it have made it
very clear that you think Donald Trump
is compromised on Russia absolutely with
this news today are those fears abated
at all absolutely not he did only the
minimum that he had to do to at least be
any nominal president protecting this
country beyond that there are so many
other things that must be done we need
to go after the Russian oligarchs go
directly to their money freeze it don't
let them have access to it don't let
them travel around the world make it
absolutely clear to Putin and his
cronies that there is a price that will
that is being paid yes this is a good
step get those diplomats get those spies
out of here what do you think they were
doing in Seattle that's where our
nuclear boomers leaved
to go out to the ocean so they're
keeping track of those things okay
that's fine no
you're gone you're out of there about
that if it's known to the administration
that that folks in that consulate in
Seattle Russians were probably spying or
could be spying on Boeing or the or the
submarine base why were they there in
the first place why did it take the
poisoning of a former Russian spy and
his daughter in the UK to get those
Russian diplomats here in the States
expelled they should have been expelled
some time ago Barack Obama did do did
expel several dozen Russian diplomats
during the last months of his tenure in
office but beyond that we have had a
series of issues dating back to 2016
election with the Russian hacking and as
this Russia investigation continues to
unfold it becomes clearer and clearer
and this was stated by the defense
excuse me by the intelligence agencies
that until very recently this particular
move the Russians knew that there was no
consequence for their action so they
were going into our infrastructure
hacking in gaining control of our power
grids and other critical infrastructure
in the United States with no pushback by
this government and what I've been
saying all along is this is highly
dangerous I have people coming from
delegations from other countries into my
office and they keep asking what in the
world is going on in America what is
this administration all about well it's
about chaos it's about disorientation it
is it is just absolutely astounding that
Trump cannot get his act together can
you can you make the argument though if
you were if you were from the
administration or do you see any
validity to the argument that the
administration itself is being tough on
the president by expelling diplomats by
passing sanctions and acting sanctions
eventually whatever but that if the
president is nice to Vladimir Putin or
remains on friendly terms with Vladimir
Putin they can essentially have their
and eat it too they can be tough and
they can also try to get what they want
with a good relationship with him good
luck good luck with that strategy there
is one person that leads this nation
it's the President of the United States
and if the president united states is
willy nilly a pamby and not speaking up
to protect this country it will make no
difference ultimately what the rest of
the administration does okay so you
throw sixty diplomats out big deal
that's done routinely it's routinely
through the years that's happened
they'll be coming back always have come
back but if the president doesn't have
the guts doesn't have the courage or is
so compromised that he cannot speak out
and flatly tell Putin you are in deep
trouble and you can expect to see the
hell the heavy hand of the United States
government coming down on you in
multiple ways and it's not just this
hacking it's not just the poisoning
what's going on in Syria how many little
green men tried to attack the US Army in
Syria probably two or three hundred of
them all Russians all with Russian
equipment what's that all about has the
president said anything about that
no not a not one word this president is
missing in action well there is action
going on that is very very dangerous
you've called the president a threat to
national security just now you're pretty
tough on the president you have a lot of
questions about why the Russians are
able to get away with as much as they've
gotten away with and why the the
President himself is not himself tough
on Russia should the Democrats run in
2018 on a ticket of impeaching Donald
Trump with a platform of impeaching
Donald Trump we'll see where we are in
September it may very well be that there
is appropriate action for impeachment
but if he is unwilling to protect this
nation if he's unwilling to make it very
clear to Putin that you shall not will
not and cannot hack into the United
States critical infrastructure putting
millions
of america's at physical risk then he
should be impeached because this is a
critical problem for the United States
in his life and death if Russia has the
power to shut down the grid which they
do by with their hacks then we are at
risk and it was said by the Department
of Homeland Security and the Department
of Energy that is a war
it is a cyber war that's going on and we
have within the Department of Defense
Cybercom whose specific task is to
protect and to strike back we have to
make it very clear that this is not
acceptable that there's a price to pay
now what should be the upcoming election
this should be an issue is this
president willing to protect America the
answer thus far is no he is not
is that something and what we need
frankly is balance we need a Democratic
House of Representatives and a Senate
that can hold this administration
accountable right now the House of
Representatives will not act should
stormy Daniels be an issue it will be an
issue nothing better than a good sex
scandal 16 as well it's not as if that
hurt him in the polls well at some point
you put enough weight on the boat and
it'll sink Congressman John Garamendi
congressman thank you very much for
joining us hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
