clientele their advertisers we have seen
some rumbling that British advertisers
are threatening to leave Facebook but we
haven't heard a single thing from from
any US companies US advertisers is it
because they know they are the ones who
buy that personal information that
Facebook gives them on us it's valuable
to them the business model that
Cambridge analytical used for evil those
advertisers are also using and let's not
forget Steph that it's the same business
model that we have in media right here
in this building they just do it better
because they have the data that makes it
more targeted that makes it more
valuable and and no the app that was
built to take that data from people I
saw in the day marketer after marketer
after marketer and media companies doing
the same thing making an app so they
would get that data the data itself is
not an evil targeting is not an evil eye
I think we need to have a media world
where we bring people more relevance and
value and not treat you like a mask not
treat like everybody else so so the
insight of Facebook is not wrong it got
misused okay it got misused then can one
make the argument Scott that listen
Mark Zuckerberg himself he did not
realize them he could not have thought a
few years ago I'm gonna be impacting
elections but could he say I created
Frankenstein I created a monster now I
need to fix it because if he said that
we might buy it what we're not buying is
this coulda maybe sorta well look a
better business model for manufacturers
is to pour mercury and pollutants into
the rivers but then they started getting
sued and they stopped doing it the
problem is we've decided not to enforce
the same regulation and liability on
facebook because they have protection as
they quote unquote nascent industry to
be clear why do we keep calling it a
nascent industry it's bigger than
everything because we no longer worship
at the altar of kindness and character
we worship at the altar of innovation
and money and we've decided that
innovators are the new Jesus Christ and
shouldn't be subject to the same
scrutiny as other firms or other people
nothing's gonna happen here the only
thing we know for sure is this is gonna
get worse it's gonna get worse not for
facebook it's gonna get worse for us for
the Commonwealth this is the perfect
storm of bad things for the Commonwealth
a company that has
a fantastic rap and will not do anything
to do anything to restrict earnings
growth Washington that is controlled by
the Republican Party which is the party
of Trump that sees Cambridge analytic
and Russians as allies and Facebook as
their weapon of choice
consumers who refuse to D install this
and advertisers that have no choice if
PNG or Unilever who are good people with
a lot of veterans said we're taking a
stand against this and we're trying our
advertising analysts in the earnings
call will go wet we laud you for this
principled position and we're taking
your stock down 10% nothing is going to
happen here it's just going to get worse
that is an excellent point Brian then is
the onus here I mean who does the onus
on Mark Zuckerberg is not giving us a
full-throated apology or response we
kind of sort of heard from Sheryl
Sandberg which is stunning because
Sheryl Sandberg has been the voice the
face of the company the reason Sheryl
Sandberg
had the platform to give a TED talk and
build the lean in Empire was because of
Facebook and now 50 million Americans
have had their information used and
exploited and all we've gotten is a
little we're really looking into this
with our engineers even though it
happened years ago yeah and the onus the
one place the onus shouldn't fall is on
Facebook users they are
yeah it should not be expected to have
to stay on top of every single time
Facebook changes what a privacy setting
means without you realizing it or every
single time Facebook rolls back certain
protections they don't make it easy to
check the things that you need to check
if you even if you want to control your
advertising settings and what
advertisers know about you and where
they go that's not under their privacy
settings that's under a separate
settings for ads that you have to know
to look to so the things that you would
into it as a consumer going I'm gonna
look at privacy on Facebook and I'm
gonna set my privacy settings that's not
going to take care of it I think another
important point too is you know you
mentioned in terms of what regulation is
going to happen that's going to stop
this some stuff has been tried in 2011
the FTC made Facebook sign and consensus
decree saying that it wouldn't do some
of the exact activities that led to
Cogan's app taking all of that
information so and that was three years
after they signed that consent decree so
you're looking at a company that is not
responsive to the regulation that has
been attempted so far and that is making
some gestures now that
sort of been caught in this big public
blow-up but you can't really say that
they're doing their apps the best all
the time of their own accord it's their
hand three years ago and say this
problem existed and to that point
gentlemen can Facebook successfully
trying to distance themselves from
Cambridge analytic a long after they
knew the exact activity that Cambridge
analytic it did farming our information
and misusing it Facebook board member
Peter teal huge president Trump
supporter gave a million dollars to a
Trump super PAC that was specifically
paying Cambridge analytics to work with
the Trump campaign and if they try to
make the argument that their board
didn't know what the heck kind of
corporate governance is that your CEO
and your management committee doesn't
tell your board something like that
happens tear across my cambridge
analytical I think that's the mistake
that Zuckerberg made last night was
being very tactical about that one
problem I believe that that that
Zuckerberg has to pull way up and talk
about the the public responsibility of
this company has I believe him when he
says that he believes that connected
world is a better world I believe him
when he says he wants to build
communities okay fine then let's now
truly examine the impact that Facebook
has and can have on the world and the
responsibilities and standards that's
going to set hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
