that stunning New York Times
investigation implicating President
Trump and his family in questionable tax
schemes is raising even more questions
about his sister Mary Ann Trump Barry is
a senior judge on the US Court of
Appeals in Philadelphia she does not
actively hear cases anymore The Times
report describes Barry as present during
2003 meetings at Trump Tower quote for
one of their periodic updates on their
inherited Empire with the siblings and
Allen weiselberger Trump organization's
CFO do not forget Weissenberg was
recently granted immunity by federal
authorities investigating Trump's former
personal attorney Michael Cohen
now back to the president's sister The
Times investigation alleges she offered
legal advice to her father and according
to the code of conduct for federal
judges quote a judge should not practice
law and should not serve as a family
members lawyer in any forum a judge may
however without compensation gave legal
advice to a member of the judges family
so the key question is did Barry receive
compensation in exchange for her legal
advice joining me now CBC contributor
and chief economic correspondent for
political Ben White and Tim O'Brien an
MSNBC contributor an executive editor of
Bloomberg opinion and a man who was
named in this article and a quick
shoutout Tony Schwartz said on Twitter
last night he's stunned and disappointed
that more journalists aren't focused on
this story turn up the volume tune in
mr. Schwartz we're covering it Tim first
of all President Trump sister want to
walk us through how she became a judge
right so this is the long arm and long
shadow of Roy Cohn when Marianne Trump
Barre wanted to get a position on the
federal court the Trump's looked to Roy
Cohn who had a very close relationship
at the time with Ronald Reagan and got
her the president's attention and that's
how she got the appointment so it's one
more reason why the Trump family feels
so beholden to Roy Cohn the issue of
Marianne Trump Barry giving legal advice
to Fred Trump so her name is Marion
Barry ha ha Marianne
um that you know she actually did well
by her father let's recall in this
article why she gave her father advice
Donald Trump had attached a codicil to
Fred Trump's will as Fred Trump was
slipping into Alzheimer's that would
have given Donald control of the family
estate and while his father his father's
you know at the end of his life he's
starting to lose it a little bit and and
he eventually went full bore dementia
and Trump Johnson got the will to screw
his brothers and sisters and his father
okay so remember that this is yet
another example of how Donald Trump
rolls Fred Trump is still alert enough
when he sees this codicil put in front
of him to say this doesn't look right to
me and I actually don't trust the fact
that Donald is doing the right thing
here so he goes to Mary Ann and he said
does this look good to you she said of
course it doesn't look good to me she
told him to get another estate lawyer
they vetted it and they redrafted the
will and got rid of that codicil she did
you know trouble they should go to their
daughters not their sons that's what he
did here because if you recall Sarah
Huckabee Sanders who said this story was
boring I beg to differ
sorts tax stories go it's riveting the
whole point she made was that Fred Trump
had so much confidence and faith in his
son
baloney his son was trying to gut this
thing then you point out one angle that
you think the Trump's could end up owing
the taxman 400 million bucks yes big nut
it's a big nut it's quite possible I
mean I think the legal criminal
liability is probably run because the
statute of limitations but the state of
New York can still look at what they
paid on the estate how they valued the
estate as it was passed down the
undervaluing of assets all of these
various tax dodges and say look at the
time you paid way too little there's 200
million owed plus penalties and interest
they could certainly attempt to recoup
that money take a long time and a lot of
discovery and all these other things but
that's a huge amount of money that the
big
check that Trump my doctor right and he
is in fact most liable because he was
the one signing off on a lot of these
documents and was the executor of the
estate so he could be on the hook for a
huge amount of money Tim O'Brien you
know firsthand President Trump he
doesn't like discovery Tim you've
pointed out that that the the biggest
standout in this article was a company
called all County Building Supply and
maintenance why is this such a big deal
this is this oddly named little company
was used by the Trump family to handle
paperwork associated with purchases for
their buildings and in short what they
did is they added markups for their
expenses and they did that so they would
have to pay less and in income taxes on
the money that their properties were
earning and the differential between
what they actually paid for equipment
and other things for their buildings and
other properties and the mark-up went
into the children's pockets and this is
not a new phenomenon for that family
Fred Trump spent decades as a builder
over billing the federal government for
federally subsidized housing whose
building he got all the billing the
federal government for housing units
that oftentimes low and middle income
people well effect they were subsidized
by the federal government in order to
make them affordable for low and middle
income renters and and Trump was bilking
the very program that helped make him a
billionaire yeah and also according to
that article using those inflated costs
those inflated payments for maintenance
on the buildings to raise rents on rent
stabilized people so essentially saying
that we're actually paying all this
extra money when it's going into the
pockets of the kids using that as an
excuse to raise people's rent it's so
expensive let us high okay this is truly
sick sick sick sick but what comes of it
I don't you know I had anything he's
gonna any criminal liability and
whatever damages they impose on him
financially for the civil there's going
to be a real problem with them building
a fact pattern against Trump's lawyers
that will allow them to do that
Travis Kelly and Conway right she looked
at the camera and said don't you know
Trunk always gets the last laugh I don't
even know what that suppose yeah I don't
know I think you know she lives in the
White House that's AG well and she's
grand fridge
striking light yeah yeah right I mean
maybe he gets the last laugh I don't
know but if people decide over the
longer term that this guy's entire
backstory his entire history is a you
know a complete fabrication he's a
fabulous and a carnival barker and his
history is fake you know maybe that
matters in 2020 to independent voters
who say I kind of like this guy's a
businessman maybe it was kind of a crap
businessman and a shyster and he's not
gonna be laughing of his tax returns
become public that's true or maybe it's
just like what happened at the UN last
week Kellyanne they're not laughing with
him we're laughing at him hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
