welcome back everyone joining us now
from Washington DC with a look at Axios
am co-founder and CEO of access Jim
VandeHei Jim good to have you with us
this morning
what is access is one big thing for us
yeah place off your last segment we have
a new poll about Facebook's favorability
ratings we're seeing a massive plunge in
how Americans think about Facebook and
the positive feelings that they have
about it and you're seeing that Facebook
is pulling down the popularity of other
tech platforms and why this matters is
that you're seeing you're seeing
lawmakers now rush to talk about whether
or not they should be regulating
Facebook and other social platforms
you're also seeing a real stock market
consequence I think one of the reasons
you saw a record drop in the stock
market last week was because these tech
companies probably are going to face a
lot more scrutiny in Washington I know
you talked about Facebook also having a
negative impact on other technology
company it certainly had an impact as
well as on the stock market overall yeah
and after a brutal week is there a
chance for Facebook to turn it around I
don't think this is something you turn
around in a couple of days this is years
in the making they basically have the
public rethinking about how easily the
the platform can be manipulated how
easily their data your own personal data
can be manipulated and so Facebook's
trying not to turn it around they took
out newspaper ads in The New York Times
The Washington Post some newspapers in
London over the weekend especially those
that had runs stories that were critical
of the company this is gonna be a long
long process it probably culminates or
at least peaks in the moment with Mark
Zuckerberg testifying before Congress
you have a lot of lawmakers that want
Zuckerberg in front of them to answer
questions about what do you know about
the American consumer how do you
monetize what you know about the
American consumer so do you think that
this could possibly be a sign that
Americans and their public opinions of
technology companies across the board
are beginning to change there's no doubt
about that that if you go back to 2016
almost every American had a romantic
view of these technologies I mean listen
they're great everyone loves their
iphone people love using Facebook to
connect I don't think many Americans
paid attention to what they were
clicking on when they said listen you
can have
all this data about me you can know
everything I buy everybody I know you
can know some of my phone records if you
click click here and now people are
waking up and realizing that and we're
realizing what's interesting we're
realizing what the Europeans realized
years ago because in Europe the public
was much more skeptical the government
was much more skeptical and they've been
way more aggressive in regulating these
tech platforms and that's what worries
Facebook and these other companies
Google YouTube others because they know
that there's a template being created in
Europe and if you do start to regulate
these companies it hits their profit and
these are for-profit companies so let me
pick up on that point which is the issue
of regulation what is the appetite among
members of both parties on Capitol Hill
to try and regulate the social media and
Technology Giants because on one hand
you have Facebook saying it's not a
media company it's a technology company
but it has obviously played a very
important role in the way we consume
information as a society what role can
regulators play in that it's a smart
question they could go you could break
these companies up you could regulate
them like their media companies the
truth is most lawmakers don't know
enough about these companies it probably
don't know enough about technology to
really move quickly on regulating them
so I think this will be a slow process
even when you hear mark Warner the
senator from Virginia and others talking
about regulation it's still pretty much
confined to more disclosure about
political advertising on Facebook that's
a tiny tiny fraction of how Facebook
actually makes its money the question is
do they start to really regulate what
these companies can do with our personal
data and they use that data to then
allow advertisers to reach us with more
precision if you start regulating data
or if you go further and say we're gonna
regulate you like you're a media company
and hold you accountable for all of the
content that appears on your platforms
that's when they get really nervous and
I think that's probably months if not
years of debate before you get to that
point let's pick up on the point that
you were talking about with Mark Warner
there have been calls from Mark
Zuckerberg to testify on Capitol Hill
last week Mark Zuckerberg said that he
wants to put the best person at Facebook
to answer the questions that Congress
wants to learn about what are the
chances that we see Mark Zuckerberg in
person not just an if
official from Facebook but Mark
Zuckerberg in person testify on the hill
they're a hell of a lot higher today
than they were a week ago he clearly
does not want to testify and go back a
year ago Mark Zuckerberg said this isn't
even that big of an issue now he
realizes it is he's starting to do
interviews I think they know will
culminate with him appearing before
Congress while they might not want it I
think lawmakers I will demand it so I
think it's more likely than not that he
does and I think lawmakers will demand
it I mean when usually when you have
companies caught in some sort of public
turmoil it is the CEO that faces
Congress it is the CEO of faces the
American people so ultimately I think
Zuckerberg can be that person all right
Jim VandeHei great to have you with us
this morning we're definitely gonna be
reading access a.m. in just a little bit
when it drops in to all of our viewers
out there you too can sign up for the
newsletter at access com
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
