Sex Lies and videotape welcome back to
KCDC the video of stormy Daniels
interview is just out tonight some of it
is what you might expect the claims of
stormy Daniels a successful porn star
who said she and Donald Trump had sex
once in 2006 they met she says at a golf
event in Tahoe flash forward to 2011
when Daniels agrees to tell her story to
a magazine and according to her trump
attorney Michael Cohen threatens to sue
and soon after Daniels said this
happened I was in a parking lot going to
a fitness class with my infant daughter
I was taking into the seats facing
backwards in the back seat diaper bag
you know getting all the stuff out and a
guy walked up on me and said to me leave
Trump alone forget the story and then he
leaned around and looked at my daughter
and said it's a beautiful little girl
would be a shame if something happened
to her mom and then he was gone you took
it as a direct threat absolutely
I was rattled I remember going into the
workout class and my hands were shaking
so much I was afraid I was gonna drop
her did you ever see that person again
no but I if I did I would know it right
away I'll never forget you'd be able to
recognize that for 100% even now all
these years later if you walked into the
store right now it instantly now after
Trump won the Republican nomination
Daniel says Cohen reached out with the
now-infamous 130 thousand dollar offer
which came with a non-disclosure
agreement the story broke 15 months
later in The Wall Street Journal
hours before the president was sworn in
the White House has always denied
allegations the President had an affair
with Daniels and when asked what she
would say if the president were watching
Daniel said quote he knows I'm telling
the truth
joining me now Rick Tyler co-founder of
foundries Foundry strategies and MSNBC
political analyst Josh earnest former
White House press secretary and MSNBC
political analyst Paul Butler a former
federal prosecutor author Georgetown law
professor and an MSNBC contributor in
New York Republican strategist Susan
Dell
/ CEO and civil rights and employment
attorney Nancy Erica Smith we should
mention that erica represented former
Fox News anchor gretchen carlson in her
harassment lawsuit against former Fox
News CEO Roger Ailes thank you all for
being here this evening on what is a
remarkable night of news for America I
think may be an understatement Josh
earnest I want to start with you you
have been watching this interview as
somebody who well had your share of
crisis moments in the White House not
one like this anything like this nothing
even remotely approaching something like
this how we have seen just unrelenting
story after story after story from this
president in a way that is difficult to
digest it's hard to remember what
happened one week to the next and
nothing seems to matter is this
different it seems to be different I
mean certainly there's been several
weeks build-up to this interview and
there are details that continue to leak
out about it and when you take a look at
the interview you also see that there
are details that they are withholding
she's asked directly about whether that
she has physical evidence write text
messages or anything else that would
prove that she had this affair she
declined to say yes or no so the
president hasn't said anything about
this the president has not said anything
about it and that certainly is the other
distinguishing feature of this story
President Trump does not hold back from
willing to throat when to throw a punch
on Twitter or as sitting in front of a
podium and on on this story he has been
conspicuously silent and in some ways I
think that is revealing of the kind of
leverage that he feels she may have over
him Rick Tyler I wasn't sure we could
have a Cemil Seminole National moment
around president Trump considering how
many things we deal with in a given week
you know but this does feel like that in
some ways I'm just wondering if it's
going to evaporate by Tuesday probably I
think it right now look it's a he-said
she-said right and you know you have
pornstar versus the president people
would normally say well the president
would win that but now it's really a
pornstar versus Donald Trump and you're
like well might be a 50/50 odds here and
so we because it did no evidence came
out in this interview like there's it's
all he said she said they
have it they don't we don't know maybe
Donald Trump's looking to cut a deal
with them somewhere down the road I
don't know but in the torrent of news
that keeps coming out of the White House
with staffing and North Korea and and
Bolden and on and on and on
sure this is just more wind in the storm
okay you I I'm willing to give you that
certainly we've been through a lot and
it is entirely possible that you are
correct the one thing that makes me
think it might be something the last
little longer are things like this I'm
told that we have the spanking sound
bite does this normally work for you and
he looked very - take him take him back
like he didn't really understand I was
saying I was this is just you know
talking about yourself normally work and
I was like so much to take that magazine
and spank you with it and I'll never
forget the look on his face he was like
just I don't think he was ever spoken to
him like that especially you know a
young woman who looked like me and I
said you know give me that and he
wouldn't
to hand it over and so he did and I was
like turn around
drop him you told Don Trump to turn
around and take off his pants yes and
did you yes so you turn around and
pulled his pants down a little you know
he had underwear on and stuff and and I
just gave him a couple swats Susan don't
first you know is this real life I mean
when you have to say give me the
spanking soundbite we've taken a really
bad turn somewhere and ironically we
actually heard about this a few months
ago so it's not even new information of
course it's new to hear her say it to
camera and have this interview where
there was a lot of hype what I kind of
end up at the end of the day though is
all of this doesn't really matter it's
all baked in already I even if he's
found guilty of a campaign finance
violations he pays a fine I'm not sure
what it does to Donald Trump as far as
you know people who support him it
certainly roused up the people who are
against him and it also just has to be
very difficult for his home life and as
we're dealing with staff shake-up sandal
as Rick said North Korea
not to have a stable home life is also
probably very disturbing for the yeah
when you think about the president of
United States absolutely Paul Butler
let's talk a little bit about what could
potentially be lasting from a legal
perspective here and and Josh earlier
mentioned this question about evidence
tax our text messages receipts they show
in this interview a FedEx receipt that
shows that they sent materials to
Michael Cohen in his official capacity
at Trump organization but at the same
time we have not seen this evidence that
is apparently squashed by this
non-disclosure agreement yeah so we've
have spanking sex lies possible
videotape this story is good but it's
not as good as the Russian investigation
and so then the question is what's the
relationship so we have Michael Cohen
who we really have to say as the
president's operative not lawyer because
in this he's the deal maker for the
president if mother is interested in
helm in terms of the mother in in terms
of the Russian investigation
if mother can get the good to if Cohen
has criminal exposure in this case that
might be a way to get to Cohen to
eventually get to the president Nancy
what do you make of that argument I mean
is it a bridge too far to try to connect
these two stories I don't think it's a
bridge too far to connect the stories at
all but I think that I really disagree
that this is a he-said she-said and I
really hate that term to begin with it's
not a he-said she-said because he paid
through his lawyer a hundred and thirty
thousand dollars there was a
nondisclosure agreement
she Ted she talked about tonight or her
lawyer talked about that maybe there's
the destruction of evidence which is
unethical it's also unethical to make
people lie but often when people are
threatened which she says she was you
will agree to anything to end it because
you're afraid and the threats I totally
believe Bo Dietl has admitted
surveilling and smearing gretchen
carlson when we were suing Roger Ailes
and Bo Dietl has been accused of doing
the same to other women at Fox News and
we know he's a friend of Donald Trump so
to say that this is the same old some
same old and maybe he's saying something
she's saying something is false he his
lawyer paid money to shut her up well on
that exact point I actually I want to
play a little bit more from the
interview because what we do know is not
he said she said I mean what happened in
the hotel room aside there's not been a
denial that this money was paid so
here's stormy Daniels talking about that
was it hush money to stay silent yes the
story was coming out again I was
concerned for my family and their safety
I think some people watching this are
going to doubt that you entered into
this negotiation because you fear of
your safety they're gonna think that you
saw an opportunity I think the fact that
I didn't even negotiate I just quickly
said yes to this very you know strict
contract and what most people will agree
with me extremely low number is all the
proof I need so that stormy Daniels
talking about the money that was paid
the other piece of this that's important
in the context of the story is in what
capacity was Michael Cohen Trump's
personal attorney and more than that
personal fixer what capacity was he
paying this money in he has said this
doesn't matter because it was in his
personal capacity stormy Daniels and her
lawyer say that they have evidence that
shows that that was not the case take a
look - mr. Cohen as executive vice
president and Special Counsel - Donald J
Trump the Trump Organization again
listing the Fifth Avenue address this
idea that there's a separation now
between mr. Cohen individually and the
Trump Organization or mr. Cohen
individually and Donald Trump it's
nonsense Josh earnest does their story
hold up in light of any of this well
look I know there's a lot that is very
difficult for mr. Cohen and his client
mr. Trump to explain about what he did
and why he did it and I think as long as
those questions are lingering out there
this is a story and people are gonna
continue to ask Rick Tyler I think
that's right but look I think from a
legal sense the president may be in
trouble from political sense I'm not so
sure because his base is just they're
just not gonna believe this
they're gonna say this is all made up
and she's making it all up and and I I
agree with Josh I find her actually to
be credible she seems credible she tells
the story she comes across convincingly
I think it'll go on and on but I think
in terms of an impact of it affecting
elections I'm not I'm not sure it's
gonna have an impact with everything
else is going on Josh earnest do you
think it has a bigger impact on and I
don't want to say the institution of the
presidency but in many ways the office
and kind of our perceptions even growing
up as kids of what the American
president is supposed to be and how
you're supposed to conduct yourself
we're talking a little bit earlier about
how you know Republicans and Congress
have previously tolerated far less in
terms of public behavior I mean is this
setting a standard that we're never
going to come back from
well it's there's no question that it
degrades the kind of public respect that
that people across the country and
around the world have for the
institution of the president United
States there's no denying that this is
not the first episode of President Trump
doing that but this is probably in some
ways the most vivid example of that and
you know look as somebody who spent some
time in the government and worked in the
White House it's discouraging to see
that that institution be be degraded I
do have some confidence though that
that's a pretty durable institution and
that there will be an opportunity for
the next president whether that person
is a Democrat or a Republican and
whether that person takes office in 2020
or 2024 for some of that to be rebuilt I
do have that enduring confidence it look
it took more than 200 years to build up
that institution it's going to take more
than just Donald Trump in a couple of
toddler details it wasn't just Donald
Trump it was you know it was JFK
it was Clinton and you know it's
uncomfortable meeting talking about the
Obamas in this context because they
actually did hold the office with honor
he seemed to be a very good husband and
a very good father hold that thought
because you mentioned Bill Clinton here
as president Trump back in 1998 talking
to Chris Matthews about Bill Clinton's
tryst with Monica Lewinsky
it's so embarrassing and you really have
to say where does it stop I really like
this guy
but you really have to say you know
where does it stop why do they keep
revealing the details he had sex but now
they talk about the kind of sex the
where it took place where it was on the
desk off the desk I mean it's it's so
out of control it's such an
embarrassment to him I mean I see him
walking around it's like a terrible
embarrassment you know he's really been
a Teflon guy they compared him with
Reagan with the Teflon he has been a
Teflon guy that Teflon has exploded all
over the place
okay believe it or not polling at the
time indicated that President Clinton
actually became more popular during the
Lewinsky scandal a New York Times CBS
News poll taken one day after he was
impeached had Clinton's job approval at
72% Susan Dell Percy owed it doesn't
seem that the lesson that Donald Trump
learned here was just make sure
everybody signs a nondisclosure
agreement so that they can't detail what
was done well Donald Trump has shown no
respect just to go to the previous part
of the conversation has shown no respect
for the office of the president so these
things just keep rolling on top of it
and adds to it he doesn't want he will
just keep denying denying denying and he
will say that there now he's saying that
this is all immediate hoax and he'll
continue and the people who are behind
him are with him but he's going to be
stuck at a certain point and you know
with the popularity around 38 42 42 he's
looking at a Democratic House next years
for sure and impeachment proceedings so
that's what he has to look forward to
and he's doing nothing to help himself
in this manner Paul Butler you're gonna
jump in
so with Bill Clinton Social Council Ken
Starr started out with a failed real
estate transaction and ended up with a
stay blue dress the question is whether
special counsel Muller will go there and
again mothers going after Trump like and
its associates like there are hardcore
thugs so I think if there's exposure at
all I remember Clinton got in trouble
for lying and the grand jury
supposedly Trump fired his most recent
lawyer actually the not the most recent
firing but the ones before that they
were actually technically never hired
but your point is taken
because doubt didn't want Trump to go
into grand jury so this all everything's
game in the grand jury so it's not over
till it's over
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
