I am sick and tired of gun violence
we need to March we need to sit in sit
down we need to stand up do whatever we
can to disturb the order of things
I represent the african-american women
who are victims of gun violence who are
simply statistics instead of vibrant
beautiful girls that full of potential
people have said that I am too young to
have these thoughts on my own
people have said that I'm a tool of some
nameless adult it's not true
she's 11 years old from one generation
to the next at marches across the
country this weekend for more on the
significance of yesterday's March let's
bring in civil rights leader and
democratic Georgia Congressman John
Lewis congressman Lewis is also featured
in the new NBC News documentary hope and
fury MLK the movement and the media
which explores how social movements in
the media have influenced one another a
timely piece that documentary airs
tonight at 9:00 p.m. Eastern right after
we wrap up the second hour of KCDC
congressman thank you so much for being
with us tonight
I so appreciate it but thank you for
having me
congressman you we showed you speaking
there at the March in your area Atlanta
what what does this mean to you what you
saw yesterday put it into perspective
you have a perspective that very few of
us can match what I saw yesterday took
me back when I was much younger in 1955
I've heard of Rosa Parks
I heard of mourning the King jr. the
action of Rosa Parks the words and
leadership of dr. King inspired me I was
so inspired that I wanted to find a way
to get involved so I wrote dr. King a
letter in 1957 when I was 17 years old
and I met him in 1958 and I got involved
I started studying the way of peace the
way of love studying the philosophy and
the discipline or non-violence and then
start getting involved in in a sit-ins
and going on the Freedom Rides
and participate in watches these
children these young people almost made
me cry yesterday and I think I was
crying inside they're so smart they are
so gifted they have fallen in a very
rich tradition when you see something
that is not right not fair
not just you have a moral obligation to
set something and do something it would
be these children these young people
never lead us they would help us get
there what is it about being young that
affects how these children are
perceiving the world what do you
remember did you feel powerless and like
you needed to push back against the way
the adults were doing things I mean what
we've been hearing over and over again
from these kids is that the adults the
system has failed them and they need to
stand up well as a young child growing
up I saw the signs that said white men
colored men white women colored women
and I kept asking my great-grandparents
my grandparents my mother father there
was that's the way it is don't get in
the way don't get in trouble you're
gonna get in trouble but Rosa Parks and
dr. King inspired me to get in trouble
what I call good trouble necessary
trouble and I've been getting in trouble
ever since and I think this generation
of young people these unbelievable
children leading the way and they're
going to take all of us to a better
place
in a better time congressmen African
American communities have been dealing
with gun violence sometimes not with the
spotlight on it as much as what has
happened in other instances what do you
think black and white Americans can do
to bridge the divide that has exploded
in our politics over the course of the
last few years with this president but
also in grappling with an issue in a way
that speaks to all communities I think
it's important for black American and
white American but all American Hispanic
Asian American and Native American that
we must come together and realize that
we're all in the same boat that was a
man by the name of a philip Randolph we
helped put together the March
Washington in 1963 he was there from
time to time maybe our foremothers and
our forefathers all came to this great
land in different ships we were all in
the same boat now that is true today the
children these innocent children are
going to lead us there they're gonna
help us get there and with their
teachers the mothers and fathers and
adults and those us in a political arena
need to listen to them the anniversary
of Martin Luther King Junior's
assassination is approaching what do you
think we should be reflecting on about
his legacy now I think it's important
for us to reflect on the role that dr.
King played in getting us here we must
teach our children about the life and
time of one of the King jr. the science
and I self and I was growing up there
Don and they would not return the only
place that we would see those signs
today will be in a book in a museum on a
video so when people tell me nothing
have changed I said come and walk in my
shoes we should walk in the shoes are
not just those of us living today but
the shoes that dr. King wore a murder is
different it's better and we should tell
our children that dr. King tried his
best to be of what he called the Beloved
Community at the redeem his soul of
America and we still on our way
Congressman John Lewis thank you so much
for your time tonight I really
appreciate it well thank you hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
