welcome to the revolution it is a
powerful and peaceful one because it is
of by and for the young people of this
country
my name is camera Kasim
since this movement began people have
asked me do you think any change is
going to come from this look around we
are the change
Kameron Caskey is just one of the
fearless parkland students leading the
fight for gun reform at today's march
for our lives rally earlier this week I
had a chance to sit down with Cameron
and his classmate Jacqueline Koren to
talk about their preparation for today's
March and a lot more here is some of
that interview I have to start by asking
how old you both are you're I'm 17 I'm
17 as well 17 and look one month yeah
then we were just talking about the age
difference between you because I think
for a lot of people when they watch you
guys and the other members that you know
David hog all of the members of your
movement Emma Gonzales Alex wind who
co-founded this movement you all seem so
sophisticated for teenagers you've been
through an incredible trauma that none
of us can really imagine none of us can
you know conceive of dealing what you've
dealt with and yet you are but you are
also poised you're so together you're so
articulate how well Jackie is actually
the president of Marjory Stoneman
Douglas High School's junior class I
will now admit that I voted for her and
you know David was born to do this
David has been passionate since day one
we had Spanish class together he was
talking about what was going on the news
and he had the same anger he has you
know our public school system in South
Florida has prepared us I'm amazingly
for this you know we've had amazing
teachers all our lives so it happened to
the right school amazing teachers who
might we add deserve a bigger paycheck
yes indeed and would love to get money
for their work and not for carrying a
gun yeah I mean I we could book Jackie
and I have had so many teachers in
common and we've had so many great
teachers who deserve to be recognized
for teaching and nod for packing heat
you talked about you know Democrats
Republicans I'm gonna pull up a couple
of the tweets that you guys have sent
out because you guys are being very
deliberate and very specific and talking
about the politics of this and everyone
from you Cameron you said now we have
Rubio Marco Rubio your senator from
Florida trying to pass a bill on
daylight savings time this is why we
march to remind corrupt politicians that
they can't get out of this one without
making real changes you have specific
things that you all want what
you want well first of all if you look
at all these shootings a lot of people
are pushing for mental health which is
important but not every shooter wouldn't
make it past a mental health exam
there's one thing in common there's one
linchpin from all these tragedies and
that's the fact that it was a weapon of
war that did it the shooter from there
have been shooters who had mental help
they had been in therapy they had tried
and it doesn't always work like that
some people are simply malicious and the
fact that it's that easy for them to get
these weapons and the fact that these
weapons which are made for trained
soldiers I mean soldiers have to go
through months of training to wield
these and nineteen-year-old can get it
like that yeah and we're also trying to
fix the laws that are already in place
that don't make sense at all like the
CDC is not allowed to research gun
violence relations and it should be
treated as an epidemic just as every
other disease is because it kills
thousands of people a year and
Jacqueline you you won't mention that
you all were born the year after
Columbine you tweeted three out of four
of the guns used in the Columbine
shooting where straw man purchases
someone else bought the weapon we must
close the gun show loopholes you guys
know a lot about policy first
seventeen-year-olds yeah yeah before
this I wasn't that involved in politics
I'll be the first to admit that but like
I'm doing this because it's necessary
and people are actually listening to
listening to us so I have to educate
myself as fast as possible and I mean
one of the best things to come out of
this besides the fact that student
leaders which I'm sure will talk about
are stepping up everywhere and seeking
out these leadership positions that we
were thrust into is the fact that the
strings on these politicians are
becoming much clearer you could tell
who's being manipulated by the NRA and
who's not
you see Rubio you see all of his buddies
passing bills I mean what you saw the
bill with the dog on the airplane yeah
what happened to that dog was tragic and
that's I hate that that was a problem
but that I could Senate in 48 hours was
able to pass something but 17 people at
my school get shot and they passed this
week pathetic bill that doesn't say the
word gun wants to stop school violence
yes
and it was it made me depressed because
the current the the rhetoric behind what
they're doing what all these Republicans
and Democrats who are weak enough to be
backing it are saying is we're not going
to agree on anything it's Congress the
government works slow the government is
not going to get anything done so let's
pass this little thing well the thing is
we're not just trying to stop school
violence this happens everywhere there's
no running from the fact that these
people are getting these guns this
easily and mowing Americans down with it
I have to ask you about this question
because you guys are you're so
sophisticated about the way you're going
about this how are you actually doing
are you taking any time to actually
process and deal with what you went
through you know we get so wrapped up in
when we're doing and distracted and then
when we're reminded of why we're doing
it it's hard because there's no doubting
that we went through a traumatic
experience and we're gonna be dealing it
with with it for the rest of our lives
but I feel like this is the distraction
that we kind of need the political
action is abstraction and it's helping
us cope because we're working towards
change so no other kid our age has to go
through this it's easier because I think
about those we've lost and I think now
that they didn't die in vain this isn't
just another one of those school
shootings that gets the media for two
weeks gets a an organization of parents
and they people throw it aside and
forget about it and it's just this other
sad thing in the United States that's
what the NRA loves they love Sandy Hook
they love things like Columbine where
everybody just forgot about them that's
not this the fact that we're making this
change the fact that everybody's
standing up and saying enough is how I
am able to look at myself in the mirror
in the morning and see anything but
despair I mean it comes at the worst
times mm-hmm yeah when you're sitting
there at night and you're when I'm
looking at my phone and I'm seeing
people students walk out I'm seeing
students stand up against the people
trying to oppress them I'm proud and I'm
inspired and I'm happy to put my phone
down I sit down I get ready to go to bed
and I think about what happened and it's
me like that yeah but that's what they
want that's what the people who are
trying to peddle more ar-15s want they
want us to be weak they want us to hide
it's not gonna happen
Jacqueline and Cameron two of the
amazing parkland students and still to
come
three of my fav MSNBC reporters will
fill you in on what they saw and who
they spoke to at today's historic March
that's next first off I'm gonna start
off by putting this price tag right here
as a reminder for you guys to know how
much Marco Rubio took for every
student's life in Florida one dollar and
five cents ninety six people die every
day from guns in our country yet most
representatives have no public stance on
guns and to that we say no more
to those politicians supported by the
NRA
the continued slaughter of our children
in our future
I say get your resumes ready hey there
are Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
