it's not about how you go down or what
happens to you it's about what you do
after it's not just about stolen
driverless it's about every school every
Luna theater every Park every every
community from the very start this has
been a student-led movement and hundreds
of thousands of these amazing young
people are converging on the nation's
capitol right now to demand action on
gun reform joining me now from right
here in Washington is NBC's Mariana
Atencio Mariana tell me what's happening
where you are joy it already seems like
a historic day hundreds and thousands of
people pouring into the nation's capitol
most are here we've been following a
group from Newtown Connecticut Sandy
Hook promises they came in on buses now
they've joined hundreds of people
walking down 7th Avenue headed to John
Marshall Park for this main event and
there's a lot of young people here but
also a lot of families I want to
introduce you to a family from Chicago
they made all their way here who's
grandma and her - hi joy tell me why are
you here why are you here from from
Chicago why was it so important for you
to be here today well because as the
kids from Parkland have so brilliantly
stated and supported this is an issue
that affects all of our kids our
children in Chicago and in a lot of
major cities around the country have a
problem getting safely to and from
school so it isn't just violence in
schools it's all important these are all
our kids it's gun violence in general
she stated and she's here with her two
grandchildren Mariah how are you today
I'm good I want you to tell joy Reid
here you're 11 years old tell joy why
you're marching today I'm marching
because
violence is a bad thing initiative
exists why is it important for you to be
with your little sister here and your
grandma because it's important for
people to understand that just because
if something bad happens that doesn't
mean you have to take it out on them
other people
these are some very very smart kids I
want us to keep walking here joy because
as you see I mean there's people from
absolutely everywhere holding signs
there's there's children over here and I
want to thank this family for having
joined us let's keep talking to more
people hi girls how are you today where
are you coming from we are coming from
winston-salem North Carolina all the way
from North Carolina and tell me why was
it important for you to be here today
and for you to be with your young
daughters here well I think it was
important for them to witness this very
historical moment their safety is number
one to us and I feel like right now in
the schools they're there they're not
safe there needs to be more security
brought in and their lives need to be
taken very seriously thank you so much
joy North Carolina Chicago Connecticut
you just sense the energy and then just
the vibrancy of this movement here in
Washington DC today joy back to you oh
my gosh mariana Atencio thank you so
much when the little kids talk I'm a mom
so I'm easy to cry so that was very
moving thank you very much and joining
me now is Quinta's brown president of
the Black Student Union at DuPont manual
niya Madison who is student journalist
at DuPont manual high school both from
Louisville Kentucky thank you all for
being here first of all this is amazing
tell me why it was important I'll start
with you quintesse why was it important
for you to be here
well I support for me because first off
I'm a student and also I'm a black
student so being here with all these
other students I'm not only like showing
my support I'm also showing the nation
that this is not just you know
a wife student issue this is a blessed
affects everyone I definitely have to be
here to you know show that student
voices matter because that's all I'm
about yeah it's interesting because
David hog one of the students from
Parkland yes the point now of the twenty
five percent of that school of parkland
are black students and the media has
missed that you know it's an
intersectional movement even within
their group tell me why was important
for you to be here tonight I think it's
really important for me to be here
because this is part of history what
we're doing right now today this is
making history and they say this is the
biggest student movement ever I mean
this is bigger than Vietnam this is
bigger than anything that has ever
happened before this is a moment where
we get to stand up for our country and
we get to say that we are by the people
and we are for the people and right now
you are not you're not doing your part
of the job you're not holding up your
part of the bargain
and so we have to come out here from
California from Minnesota from Kentucky
to say you all need to stand up and do
what's right and it's sad that we have
to come out here to be able to just have
to tell them that with 500,000 people we
have to tell them that when this is
something that so many people stand for
how are you guys seventeen seventeen and
it is you know it is there's something
shameful about it in a way that
teenagers have to instruct adults on how
to protect them it is our job as adults
to protect you and the fact that
students have to come out here and
demand it it is sort of sad there was a
study that's starting in Columbine which
was in 1999 more than a hundred and
eighty-seven thousand students attending
at least 193 primary secondary schools
have experienced a shooting on campus
during school hours which is really
terrifying according to Washington Post
analysis there's a student a student
survey was done by USA Today Ipsos of
kids 13 to 17 year age 63%
I'm saying they feel safe at still
school 31% saying they don't feel safe
at school do you feel safe at school
honestly now it's very hard to feel safe
in school but where I come from it's I
feel less safe in my community and so I
I love how it emphasises it's like this
isn't a school safety issue the issue
this is a
gun violence issue because gun violence
inside effect schools but communities
churches clubs everywhere so as school
and it's very hard to feel safe down
because it's like a war zone we have
these drills where we're like trying to
fight the shooter now we're running and
screaming that's it's hard to feel safe
now it's like I'm gonna war zone it's a
really important port now and that this
is not just a school issue we had on a
congresswoman whose district at the
pulse nightclub shoe to get the shooting
in Las Vegas
you have gun violence in every day
communities particularly in some in
low-income communities where we don't
even talk about it
so can we solve this issue just focusing
on schools or do we need to focus on
guns we have to focus on guns focusing
on schools is a great step in the right
direction and this movement is a great
step in the right direction but in order
to make sure that everyone is feeling
safe that everybody in their own
communities is not being killed when
they're just trying to go home or when
they're sitting on their porch at night
I was at the Newseum watching the
seeing-eye Pulitzer prize-winning photo
of a little boy tavon who was shot in
Chicago just sitting on his own porch we
need to focus on guns as an issue
because I mean it's great to have guns
out of schools but if when you're going
home you're still in danger yeah what
did we do this for we have to focus on
everything we can't just focus on this
and then say the issue is over it's not
over it's a difficult thing to do in a
state like Kentucky where both of their
United States senators are very
conservative Republicans very much for
the NRA it's not easy to do
but if we're going to do it yeah are the
are you hearing back from the
politicians in your state have you
started to hear from them
not from the Republican John Yarmuth has
been a great supporter of us but yeah
McConnell where you up yeah yeah when
you guys are right here in their
backyard yeah what do you want to say to
them I mean we need him to start paying
attention I mean it's great that you're
here in Washington and that you can pay
attention to what you're doing here but
you're not paying attention to what's
going on at home you need to be home
listen to your constituents yeah and we
should not become hurt yeah to be able
to see you and not even to you to be
refused at the door and you have to
listen to your people we're journalists
and we're contacting him as journalists
but we're also constituents and what we
have the same needs to be heard and he
doesn't want to hear that doesn't want
to hear that and so if he were to tune
in to listen to be watching right now
which is what do you want to say to
these very powerful politicians in your
own state you're from the home state of
the Senate Majority Leader what do you
want to hear what do you want him to
know well I want you to know that you
know we are here we won't we won't
common sense gun reform and if you're
not going to give us that then we're
going to get everyone out here to vote
and we're going to vote you out of
office so if you want to keep your job
then you know give us what we not know
what we want but what we need what
humans need we need common sense gun
reform get rid of those heart rifles
come on like yeah turn 18 that's our 19
September 25th and already many guys are
making the connection you believe that
this is about being in the voting booth
definitely a Emma Gonzales you already
put an emphasis on it like because we do
have some very inflexible congressman so
maybe we won't get gun reform like the
next day but nonviolent direct action
takes time it's not gonna happen
overnight so what if one thing that we
can do is get people out here voting
because even if we don't get gun reform
we're gonna vote the people in office
out and we're going to what people who
won't them before who care about us we
put them in office absolutely and I mean
what happened in Alabama does that give
you guys sort of a fresh start and say
wait a minute you can have substantial
change even in a red state people aren't
listening to their constituents they can
get voted out even there
when we see that kind of stuff that
really gives us hope that things can
change them in Kentucky historically
it's just been a very red state but we
have some very great politicians John
Yarmuth for example who proudly displays
his ethanol rave rating who proudly
stands up for us and does we don't want
you to die in school and here's how
we're doing things to fix it and if
McConnell can't step up to the plate and
do what needs to be done then we're
gonna have to get up there and say hey
look you can't be they are
representative anymore it's like kind of
like she said with y'all mr. Frady if
politicians still have a a rating about
Election Day yeah like you're gonna be
out I mean that's basically saying I
don't care about your life what are your
teachers say never again never again or
again I imagine you stand together the
teenagers are teaching the adults and
hopefully we are all listening and
absorbing and learning cuentas Brown
nyah Madison an honor to meet you both
they can both have you here thank you
and so much more live coverage of the
historic march for our lives is coming
up let's listen to the rally in parkland
Florida right now Matt Schecter is one
of the fathers of a student who lost
their lives at Marjory Stoneman Douglas
high on tines Day Afternoon
since the day that changed my life I
have decided that I will not stop
fighting for change I could stand here
today and tell you all that the 17
victims families will not stop fighting
until we make this world a better and
safer place
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
