hey yeah we are here with one of the
organizers and David you just got done
telling me you wrote your speech in 30
minutes which is impressive because it
was it was moving I hope it was because
if people don't get out and become
politically active and if people don't
realize this is not the end of anything
this is the beginning this is the
beginning of a revolution and this
revolution is gonna require every single
American getting out and becoming
politically active
I hope my speech is moving but what I
care a lot more about is people take it
to heart and realize that this is not a
Democrat this is not a Republican issue
this is an American issue that we must
work together as Americans to solve and
was today everything that you expected
it was everything I expected it more to
see so many people coming out from all
over the country and all over the world
just to help children because they're so
passionate about what they believe in
even though they weren't directly
affected by this it really moves me and
makes me feel like there is hope for the
future yeah I think a lot of that hope
is culminating and what we have coming
up next which is the first thing is town
halls in every congressional district
where we're gonna ask youth to create
town halls and invite their congressman
if their congressman refuses to come
invite their opponent then after that we
have the nosh another national school
walkout on April 20th on the anniversary
of Columbine where students are going to
be walking out and hopefully they'll
organize it and their own community is
so that they can walk out and register
to vote and then after that we're gonna
have other marches in every single state
on state capitals where these people go
to hold their state legislators
responsible to make their voices heard I
know that you guys are already planning
ahead and that you're looking for the
future towards the future but did you
get the reaction today that you were
hoping and expecting yeah I think I did
what I really hooked what I the only way
I would ever qualify this is the success
though is if we more than will the voter
turnout rate for 18 but for people
between 18 and 29
because what's unacceptable is in 2014
in the midterms only 18 only about 14%
of students in that age group showed out
to vote and that's unacceptable if we
even make that 5 percent more or double
it
we're already changed in the country
thank you guys for speaking with us and
we'll be looking down the road to see
and hear from you
the next thing Chris as you heard is a
young man that's not satisfied with what
happened here today
obviously he's looking down the road for
the next thing to come and the next bit
of change that they can bring hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
