last night I met a bunch of kids that
were from across the country and they're
telling me how they were begging their
parents they're high schoolers begging
their parents to come here for their
Spring Break that's what they're
choosing to ask their parents to do to
bring them here because they're so
inspired we're right here in front of
the stage right now actually and I drove
down right here this street yesterday
before it was closed off with one of the
Stoneman Douglas kids that I've been
talking to and he saw the stage for the
first time and he said I can't believe
that what we did at my school has
inspired this and you can see there's
tons of kids right here I've got
Lawrence Oakley who have come all the
way from Colorado for their spring break
16 and 17 soon to be 18 years old tell
me why you guys chose to use this as
your spring break well I feel like our
present unwillingness to change is
devastating our future and so if I don't
use my time wisely while I'm on this
earth then what's my point wasn't my
purpose
show me your sign your sign says
something pretty incredible read it to
me says I can't vote you back in if I'm
dead and that's pretty powerful you're
16 years old and you're writing
something like that on a poster what
does that feel like I mean it because
you're sitting there in this classroom
and you feel hopeless and scared but you
need to come back around and be able to
realize that I have a civil duty to
protest when I feel when I feel
uncomfortable and that's that's what our
nation is founded upon its freedom and
so I'm here to advocate for my life and
for the lives of my children and their
children and show me yours because I
said seventeen soon to be 18 for a
reason because what do you have here on
your poster a month from now I can vote
so I will be voting in November because
this is how you start change you have to
vote yourself you can't just expect
other people to vote for you a lot of
people have been talking about how this
feels different do you think that that
has to do with sort of this age you guys
are coming up and you are about to be
the voters yeah I think people are we're
tired we've lived through
Connecticut Las Vegas all those things
were in a time politically I think where
people are very unhappy and that's not
uncommon throughout history but we have
all these platforms that were we can
engage people on right like you were
saying like two items yeah and so we're
using all of that to our advantage and
we're creating something amazing I think
yeah and like you just had Ally at the
beginning of this it is those tools and
those platforms that does feel like it's
part of what's different this time
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
