if general Kelly at any time does decide
to leave the president decides it's time
for him to move on
I don't believe there'll be another
chief of staff I think they'll be direct
I think they'll be five or six direct
reports like there wasn't Trump Tower I
think the president is a very hands-on
manager and he feels more comfortable
with that I think an incredible quote
just there more more on that in a minute
the president's week included a series
of unexpected events a complimentary
call with Vladimir Putin announcing
consequential tariffs on China and
continued staff changes as the New York
Times wrote just today quote the
decisions attested to a president riled
up by cable news and increasingly
unbound mr. Trump appeared heedless of
his staff unconcerned about Washington
decorum confident of his instincts and
determined to set the agenda himself
even if that agenda looked like a white
house in disarray but the claim of
Donald Trump becoming comfortable in his
role might not actually be a sign of him
growing into the job rather as NBC News
reported the White House transforming
into a boardroom either real or
television version quote Trump has mused
to close associates about running the
West Wing as he did his business empire
essentially serving as his own chief of
staff where have we heard that before
the answer of course Steve Bennett we
are fortunate to have with us here in
Washington tonight author and
presidential historian Michael Beschloss
around when did the chief of staff era
start that is to say what President
looked at the work flow the pressures of
the job and said this is way more than I
can handle well the one we remember most
of all is Richard Nixon who was the
first one who had someone called a chief
of staff by the name of HR Haldeman
which did not in and well he wound up in
prison but you know presidents really
going back to FDR have had you know one
person who really was first among equals
one of the amazing things in that NBC
story that you mentioned Brian was I was
astounded to hear that they said that
Donald Trump has been
walking to people and musing on the fact
that LBJ and John Kennedy were their own
Chiefs of Staff I mean that's absolutely
crazy I mean as you know John Kennedy
had a very tough World War two hero
named Ken O'Donnell who was a militant
guard to the door of the Oval Office and
Lyndon Johnson had an ex-marine named
Marvin Watson who was even tougher you
know those two presidents would be
astounded to hear that they were acting
as their own chiefs of staff a
massachusetts Irishman for Kennedy and a
Texan for Lyndon Johnson has their can
you imagine a functioning West Wing with
as Bannon said five or six direct
reports very loosey-goosey style like
Trump Tower a much smaller family
business than running the United States
he completely chaotic I mean to use the
Johnson example you know look at the
summer of 1965 Johnson was
simultaneously making you know
world-shattering decisions about Vietnam
and civil rights and education Medicare
the Great Society you can't do that with
a president deciding who's going to come
into the Oval Office and especially
these scenes we've heard about you know
in the early Trump presidency when there
was a fairly weak chief of staff Reince
Priebus but these stories of people
flooding in and milling around and
handing the president pieces of paper
with you know the news from sources from
God knows where there are two great
stories in folklore about Eisenhower
number one that he always stepped into
his boxer shorts in the morning because
he had a valet holding them out absolute
and number two that he famously handed a
phone to someone in frustration when he
became president of Columbia University
in New York and said making a noise it
was a dial tone he'd never had to dial
for himself as supreme Allied commander
yeah now that's a job with a huge
responsibility where he he held that
took time off for academia then became
president United States yeah and had a
little bit of an experience in forming
an organization that managed the d-day
invasion that yeah and it pretty well or
was that yeah you didn't see Eisenhower
saying you know I am so brilliant and I
have had so much experience
I should be my own chief of staff when
Kennedy was in the Navy and government
for 18 years Johnson in 32 years they
would never imagine saying my instincts
are so wonderful that I'm just gonna
sort of follow my own impulses and not
have some guy trying to manage this
operation thank you so much my pleasure
is always just wonderful to see one have
zero action thank you Michael Beschloss
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
