President Trump just tweeted the harsh
and unfair treatment of judge Brett
Kavanaugh is having an incredible upward
impact on voters the people get it far
better than the politicians most
importantly the this great life cannot
be ruined by mean and despicable
Democrats and totally uncorroborated
allegations speaking of uncorroborated
allegations McCain I've noticed already
people are lying about you I predicted
they would lie about you I know there
are some some bloggers that obviously
get paid by the lie well saying that you
are trying to out Kellyanne no it was
very simple you were saying yeah
basically pointing out what a hypocrite
she was for saying oh we've been
treating dr. Ford like a Faberge egg
really and your point was she had the
crybaby egg to come out yes and actually
and you're not saying that Kellyanne
needs to come out and do and say any in
fact it's in the transcript yeah you go
back and write you can chop it says you
do the same sites constantly lie
constant it's remarkable you get paid by
the lie but in this case mica yeah make
your point again since some people are
obviously that get paid by lying a
headlines and blogs make your point
maybe maybe they weren't lying maybe
they're just stupid
could you make your point again about
what you were saying about Kellyanne we
had the president the United States
mocking dr. Christine Blasi Ford mocking
her I was making the point that is
incredibly hard to put yourself in firm
the blinding lights of the media in a
politically charged situation like this
to tell her story and how dare he mock
her but even worse how dare Sarah
Huckabee Sanders and Kellyanne Conway
go on to protect this president and even
say that he was doing the right thing by
mocking her and Kellyanne Conway said
that she has been treated like a Faberge
egg really now Kellyanne let it be known
that she was she herself was a victim
I'm saying this as a victim of sexual
assault myself try being the egg it's
not that easy
in fact it's not that easy and I
understand Kellyanne it's not so you
can't take this and run with it and try
and make yourself the victim here of me
always not doing it I'm revealing your
hypocrisy I'm revealing the level that
you will go to to protect this predator
of a president without any care about
what you are doing to women and you know
we'll set aside a couple of hours ago
Willie while this discussion was going
forward we said in real time thank God
that Kellyanne Conway was shown respect
and treated like a quote Fabri J egg
when she told her difficult story yep
and and and but she doesn't extend that
anymore she did it first but she doesn't
extend that courtesy to another woman
nope who was obviously I think even
Republicans on the committee agree
obviously I was sexually harassed and
assaulted by somebody
yeah I'll say again as I said last time
we talked about it Kellyanne Conway like
all women should be given the time and
space if they want to talk about it
publicly if they want to review on their
experience who did it to them or
anything else that's completely up to
Kellyanne and to any woman who puts it
forward I'm sorry I'm Willie Willie just
you said that and I want to add on to
what you said I pointed out when I was
speaking from the heart to camera how
difficult it appeared to be for her to
talk about everything about her demeanor
changed and she herself showed us how
difficult this is to talk about and how
wonderful that Jake Tapper was
respectful and kind and not overly
intrusive and gave her the treatment
that a lot of victims don't get Willie
especially dr. favor and the treatment
that now Donald Trump and Sarah Huckabee
Sanders and yes
Kellyanne Conway is not giving dr. for
not even glances to give that
performance that Kellyanne gave in the
driveway the day after President Trump
said what he said in Mississippi will
not sit well with a lot of people nor
should it I think what you saw from her
and what you saw from Sarah Sanders
yesterday was frustration with the
process they feel like this has been
delayed and delayed and that
dr. Ford's lawyers are not cooperating
with the Judiciary Committee I think
that's what you saw what she talked
about a Faberge egg is that we tried to
give her everything she asked for we
agreed that Judiciary Committee to go to
California and interviewer so she said
she couldn't fly all these things we
delayed it and I think they're tired of
waiting we're gonna be right back with
the new cover of Time magazine thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
