it's Friday on the beat you know what
that means it's time to fall back
tonight we have a very special fall back
our first Washington DC fallback Friday
and we put together what we think might
be the best panel ever I've got bill
he's lit crystal of the Fat Joe
interview fame you lit bill that's what
they say Bobby doe who's back he was
here with stretch and he's he's left
stretch on the side of the road for
reasons unknown and a very special guest
tonight is vic mensa
he is a rap artist from Chicago he
founded save money save life a
foundation which combats racism and
funds programs in his own hometown his
latest albums the autobiography he also
has a new music video out
and here we are thank you guys for doing
this thank you yeah Vic I'll tell you if
you thought I wasn't gonna have you on
the on the beat my view is I am having
you on the beat didn't I didn't I didn't
I tell you that we get the Baghdad rap
jokes out the way that's the last one
okay I promise
now Bobby you are here you are Beto Beto
or Bob Bobby well do Babita are cool but
I still we still have to get to the
bottom of something know though last
time we had you with your legendary Co
DJ stretch yes and and stretch said we
can only do it on a day where I can do
it with Bob Beto I come down to
Washington and you're like let's fine
we'll go without stretch no problem I
hit him up and I was like 80 they asked
me to be back on the show I'd never met
you person person a person oh I don't
even know your name yeah but there was
you know an honor to be to be returning
well I love I love that you back I'm
glad I've stretch authorized it I'm
gonna go to you first Bob Ito who needs
to fall back Wow a lot of people I think
just the timely fallback is the NCAA I'm
very proud to say my alma mater was in
University in Middletown Connecticut
played if not the first perhaps one of
the very first collegiate games against
Yale this is back over a hundred plus
years ago that was a very different time
in college athletics and at this point
there are revenues that are just
enormous you know measuring in the
billions sponsors brands and I just
think that the athletes the
student-athletes should be involved in
some profits you you think you think
they're being basically exploited they
do get an education that's wonderful
they do get to travel that's wonderful
but even the term amateur in 2018 is
completely different
as a definition than it was 50 or 70
years ago so I think we need to revisit
mm-hmm
the what the parameters are for that
bill kristol who needs to fall back this
week I just want to say that before they
revisit the n-c-double-a I hope Loyola
Chicago goes all the way that was pretty
amazing
all right Levin see you got a route for
upsets you know I just general being
here is of course an honor I felt like
occasion of this happen when I was a kid
I got invited by mistake to the cool
kids party you know happens just once or
twice and I've not got 40 years without
being with cool people so it's really
good to be with you guys I think I can t
remember what my fallback Vick is of
course the House Republicans should fall
back because they're really it's
embarrassing for them to be saying that
Russia didn't try to influence the
election in favor of Trump they don't
have to give up their policies they
don't have to give up their principles
but they really should stop being it's
just terrible go and they didn't do
anything to protect my lawyer they're
off for two weeks and I'm pretty worried
about these two weeks honestly what
happens when they're gone yeah vic mensa
who needs to fall back I'm going with
the Sacramento Police Department yeah
how about after shooting the man unarmed
in his backyard well you watch the video
and obviously it was chaotic it was dark
but the line it crossed between
assessing a situation and excessive
force homicide was a seconds it was a
seconds time to fast and then they
emptied the clip 20 shots you know it
just seems like they need more training
they need more accountability I mean I'm
over here my foot is kind of broken
right now because I got in a motorcycle
crash and I did my two days of
motorcycle training you know but things
can still go wrong it seems like maybe
they're not even doing two days of
motorcycle training right and the danger
of you're talking about with your
operating heavy machinery or operating a
weapon no I mean it's like the things
you have to go through you know in our
country the things you have to go
through to get just to get on a bike you
know compared to what you have to go
through to own a weapon where you can
kill other people as opposed to just
being a danger to yourself police
officers mainly though
that's why I'm saying Sacramento Police
Department I think that makes a lot of
sense and you know we cover these
stories but lately any viewer of any I
think news program knows the rate at
which we're covering some of these would
appear to be excessive force killings
and shootings is less but the rate that
they're occurring in United States has
not dropped much and so that's also I
think to some degree a statement about
the press media fatigue I mean you know
it's the same way I get tired of stories
like I saw this one recently and you
know I've read it and I moved on it's
not like maybe when out in Sterling and
Fernando Castile got shot I was like
devastating right you know it's like you
can only really hear the same thing so
many times but I think at a point in
time there needs to be action behind it
yeah bill what's your other fallback I
think that's a good one actually they
really I mean I was shocked I saw the
video of the Sacramento yeah shooting
and you know cops have tough jobs you
know what to second-guess them and
obviously mistakes can happen and people
that I don't know a 22 year old guy with
a cell phone in his his own backyard
right there his grandma's his
grandmother's backyard or something it's
terrible Babita
yeah I'm gonna switch the tone up to
something a little lighter or basically
we do always your boat you know I'm a 51
year old cat you know grew up a hip-hop
remember uh you know the bell-bottoms
would would a move you know put a little
graffiti piece on the bottom of the
Ehrlich and then you know there's always
like a tie change and then we went to
like tapered jeans with like you know
that the the the zipper on the bottom
and then there's you know then like
years later we step forward and there's
like ravers with like super big
bell-bottoms and then now it's like the
skinny juni movement happened and now
I'm trying to find sweat pants and I
can't find sweat pants there aren't like
skinny jeans there's like skinny sweat
pants so your fallback nominee is skinny
sweatpants Goodin you swept leggings if
I want to if I want to I got the car yes
yes exactly like
you know I watch this I just want the
option I want the freedom of option you
want freedom of movement yes all right I
got one real quick which is the least
important I'll go last because you guys
have put out some big ideas including
sweatpants I want to put the back in
fall back and you remember Bob Ito is a
DJ when Ice Cube said put your back into
it
I do you remember that you ain't forgot
you don't forget that I love that you
quote my special back related fall back
is Ben Affleck's back tattoo look at
that is a big massive color baby tight
suit is because I've been planning like
meticulously planning to do a big
powerful phoenix tattoo a much really I
have an image of it that I mean I think
it to be amazing I have good artists but
when I saw him with that I started
second-guessing you have you have really
interesting life you have anything that
big you know it's big yeah I was think
you're doing that so you know they too
tight hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
