turn out Ian Bremmer he's president of
the Eurasia group columnist for Time
magazine and his folks know here someone
I always like to talk to you to give us
sort of a the pulse check of how the
world is economy and leading foreign
leaders are taking moves in the United
States
Ian good to see you sir Chuck you too
let me start with John Bolton who's
happy today with the John Bolton around
the world pic and who's concerned I
would say pretty much every American
Ally at this point is concerned and
that's every American Ally would you
also throw in Israel and Saudi Arabia or
are they are they the exception no I
mean Israel and Saudi Arabia are a bit
the exceptions but as the general just
said even American allies like Israel
and Saudi Arabia they didn't like the
Iran deal but they don't want it ripped
up and you know they they don't want to
see the United States doing something
unilaterally and having no allies with
them that creates more instability the
Israelis and the Saudis want to see more
American sanctions against Iran on other
issues like their ballistic missile
program like their support for terrorist
organizations that kind of thing so
there is a concern there and I think the
fact that Bolton is going to be much
more of an enabler of Trump someone
who's more like minuchin Secretary of
Treasury or Navarro senior advisor
economically where you know he says look
Trump's instincts are right and I'm here
to facilitate I think that's one problem
we're with McMaster Gary Cohn Tillerson
you now have a lineup of individuals who
even if they weren't all very effective
in moving Trump certainly were willing
to tell the president to his face when
they disagreed I don't think you'll get
that with Bolton I think that unnerved
American allies let me ask you this
though but could it could it be an
interesting negotiating tackle with the
Europeans on the Iran deal meaning
they're now going oh oh alright we
really we got to do even more to try to
save this deal maybe there is a way to
keep the Americans in or let's let's try
to placate them a little bit is that
possible yes it absolutely is in fact I
think the White House was moving in that
direction will still happen I'm first of
all not someone who believes that one
person especially in the Trump
administration suddenly
changes the trajectory that we're
heading right certainly not someone that
a national security adviser who's
expected life expectancy in
administration apparently is in the
months right but on Iran the Europeans
and the Americans are presently
negotiating a new deal that would
basically mean that in eight years time
so when the ten-year deal period is over
that there would still be imposition of
sanctions if the Iranians decided at
that point they were going to reopen
uranium enrichment nuclear research for
military capabilities and the rest
frankly they're getting close to that
kind of a deal which would be seen by
Trump as a win let's sign it so I'm less
worried about Iran than I am about North
Korea I'm less worried about Iran than I
am about the general tendency towards
doubling down on unilateralism one thing
that Bolton strongly agrees with Trump
on is the United Nations multilateral
trade deals multilateral agreements all
need to be ripped up by the Americans
last question for you the world economy
how's it handling what appears to be an
amped-up tariff policy from this
president which it you know it looks
like the Europeans might not retaliate
but the Chinese look right like they're
ready yeah well the Europeans are
probably not going to retaliate because
I think they'll find a way out of those
tariffs in fact most American allies the
headlines looked horrible
but the behind-the-scenes deal will end
up keeping them from experiencing the
American tariffs on China on the other
hand you have Republican leaders
corporate leaders banking leaders
technology leaders all saying you know
what the Chinese are acting in an unfair
way we should be hitting them and so
Trump isn't getting pushback the Chinese
will absolutely retaliate in that regard
they'll also retaliate because Trump
just signed into law a Taiwan travel
policy that is going to lead to
higher-level exchanges of the Americans
going to Taipei govern officials and
vice versa that is an absolute redline
for the Chinese they're not going to
back down on that
no they won't it's going to be
interesting there in Bremer as always
sir thank you Sherri's hey there are
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching Emma
BC on YouTube if you want to keep up to
date with the videos we're putting out
you can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
