welcome back today and meet the midterms
John Bolton is set to be the new
national security adviser but thanks to
the Hatch Act it'll mean his career as a
political fundraiser will have to be put
on hold in January Bolden super PAC
pledged to spend a million dollars on
behalf of Wisconsin Senate candidate
Kevin Nicholson and Bolton even cut this
national security themed TV ad for the
candidate in Iraq and Afghanistan almost
two-thirds of our casualties were caused
by suicide bombers and IEDs
but courageous Patriots like Marine
Kevin Nicholson put himself in harm's
way it's time to send a Marine to the US
Senate in the past Bolton super PAC had
given more than six million dollars to
boost politicians who shared his world
view including then Republican Senate
candidate Tom Tillis and Tom cotton but
his days helping in Wisconsin Senate may
now be over Orange EP daily in 60
seconds hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
