general Barry McCaffrey is also an NBC
News national security analyst John
McAfee let me start with John Bolton I'm
sure you you know him a little bit I'm
sure you've spent some time with them
give me your take on John Bolton well
I've watched ambassador Bolton over the
years look this is a very talented guy
he's extremely intelligent he he knows
the global community
he writes beautifully is very forceful
speaker he's possibly the worst choice
to be the National Security Advisor you
could have imagined where the the
example of them of a perfect national
security advisors would be Brent
Scowcroft or Steve Hadley you know
defense intellectuals they act as
neutral umpires are trusted by the
interagency process they're thoughtful
and ambassador Bolton's anything but
that the thing that most concerns me in
vitam Chuck is I don't think he
understands the uncertainty of when you
embark on military actions and so I
think this is not going to turn out well
let me ask you this though is this
really about
ambassador Bolton or is it about the
president and the thing I'm curious
about is the president I know a lot of
people are focused on some of ambassador
Bolton's points of view but ultimately
if you've agreed to take this job under
the circumstance with which it came open
then you realize be careful be careful
disagreeing with the president I mean
the reason Bolton appears to be in is on
one issue and one issue alone the Iran
deal well I think it was also but it was
always tension around the National
Security Adviser the other cabinet
officers really want an empire steps
from the Oval Office so HR got in
trouble apparently with both secretary
mattis and chief of staff Kelly too bad
now they've got Bolton instead I hope
they're gonna be happy working with him
but but look again the problem was
ambassador Bolton will be that he will
have a viewpoint a fourth one and it
will look to me as if it will feed the
president's impulsive nature and
possibly get us an
conflict in lieu of using other tools
that's the concern you said in a
pre-interview with my producer that you
think if secretary mattis leaves it'll
actually bring down the Trump
administration explain well it's a
pretty strong statement but you know
look Jim mattis is literally worshipped
by the armed force particularly the
Marines in the army they know who he is
they know he's been fired at with
machine guns they know he's a thoughtful
law-based rational person he's also got
a huge constituency in Congress so I and
he's being very loyal to the president
in the most positive manner law if you
try and push out mattis as a barrier to
taking military action as an example
against Iran I think the Republican
leadership would finally say whoa now
we're in trouble so I don't think it's
gonna happen if it does we're in trouble
are you concerned that a military
conflict with Iran becomes more
inevitable if we get out of the deal I
don't know where this is gonna go
getting out of the Secretary Madison
said in public
breaking the deal now is not a good
thing to do Europeans aren't going to
join us the Iranians will use it as an
opportunity to advance their mischief
purposes I think it was a bad deal to
start off with also but we're stuck with
it we ought to make the best of it we
definitely don't want to fight the
Iranians by the way both North Korea and
Iran if we were told to go to war we
destroy their military and achieve our
military objectives but nobody's signing
up for that it's a bad idea
so why are we why are we getting a guy
in a White House that allegedly thinks
it is a good idea I can ask you about a
tweet last week when you responded you
seem to be exasperated with the
president a bit that he didn't have
anything to say negative about Putin -
Putin and you write this on Twitter
reluctantly I've concluded that
President Trump is a serious threat to
US national security he's refusing to
protect vital US interests from active
Russian attacks it is apparent that he
has forced someone
reason under the sway of mr. Putin
that's you didn't pull any punches there
general no look the final straw was the
attempted assassination of this Russian
former intelligence officer and his
daughter by the way it was a signature
assassination attempt Putin was telling
the world I'm gonna use this Novacek
nerve agent huh we only make it you
better understand I'll murder you
wherever you are if you oppose me the
guys are running a criminal enterprise
he's a huge threat not just in Syria we
had a a battle between so-called Russian
mercenaries and US military forces in
Syria probably killed a couple hundred
of them the president hasn't talked
about it
invasion of Ukraine the threats of the
Baltic States
the the nuclear rhetoric out of Putin
and his senior officials we never saw
anything like that so what to say and do
what should be the what should be the
way to confront Putin now to get him to
stop
well I by the way I think it's
relatively easy to do that to deter
Putin prudes very clever risk-taking KGB
officer the Russians have a tiny
strategic naval and air power capability
their economies a tense that of the
United States never mind
NATO they are a threat to their
immediate neighbors only they've got
that that anybody cares about are some
nuclear weapons and oil and natural gas
so I think if you create an environment
of NATO deterring Putin it almost
immediately happens that's not happening
if the United United States won't
exercise leadership you know mr. Trump
has been disparaging to an alarm Ercole
Teresa may but respectful and and sink
I'm so think of that of Putin what's
going on he needs to defend u.s.
national security interests right
gentlemen Caffrey I'm gonna leave it
there it's always sir thanks for coming
out and sharing the view it's always
good to have you sir yeah hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of
other great videos
