Wow HR McMaster becomes the sixth close
advisor or aide to announce the
departure from the white house in just
six turbulent weeks at the white house
according to the AP McMaster showed up
to work yesterday
as usual hours later in a phone call
with the president was he down the hall
it was clear that his time was up he was
fired Joe Scarborough has been off for
this kids all week but he filed a piece
late last night for the Washington Post
on this big story of the week he calls
the appointment of John Bolton a fitting
conclusion to the failures of
conservatism Joe writes in part this six
decades of Republican overreach and
corrosive causes have led to the rise of
Donald Trump and a foreign policy run by
John Bolton an economy guided by Larry
Kudlow and a legal team led by
conspiracy theorist joseph digenova
Trump's third national security adviser
in 14 months think about that has called
for the pre-emptive bombing of North
Korea and Iran while defending his role
in the worst u.s. foreign policy
disaster since Vietnam this was the
predictable outcome of my Republican
Party aligning its interests with the
most cynical political operators of our
time the attwater's man affords
Gingrich's and Rove's leveraged a
weaponized media culture that reduced
politics to a secularized religion and
consolidated political power and
material wealth in the hands of its
richest donors remarkably order could be
pulled from this culturally calamitous
crisis if just two just two GOP senators
had the moral courage to deprive Donald
Trump of a ruling majority until he
agreed to bring to heel his most
destructive instincts will adjust to
Republicans we need here
yeah and I'm holding in my hand a copy
of the John Bolden's Wall Street Journal
editorial from February 28th of this
year that reads the legal case for
striking North Korea first Jeremy bash
john bolton in 2015 March of 2015 wrote
an op-ed in The New York Times
suggesting that President Obama should
stray
Iranian nuclear facilities now he's made
the case for striking first in North
Korea what are the implications of his
elevation to National Security Adviser
no really I think the president is
assembling a War Cabinet to take a war
to Bob Muller he's got Joe digenova to
take a trade war to China he's got Larry
Kudlow and now to actually have a real
war he's got john bolton
and the only question is will we find
ourselves in the military conflict visa
vie North Korea or Iran or both because
John Bolton's rhetoric has been very
clear he believes the Iran deal should
be torn up that we should engage in
military action in the Middle East and
his view as you illuminated from that
op-ed in The Wall Street Journal is is
that we have the legal authority and the
military necessity of launching
pre-emptive military strike against the
North Korean regime Jon the closing line
of Bolton's piece from February about
striking North Korea first reads it is
perfectly legitimate for the United
States to respond to the current
necessity posed by North Korea's nuclear
weapons by striking first this is a guy
although he has not been a formal
adviser to President Trump has been an
informal advisor from the very beginning
of this administration President Trump
has watched Bolton on Fox News and
sought his counsel on foreign policy
what do you think that signals well I
think it signals I mean who knows what
what it signals that Donald Trump's mind
whether he there's been some reporting
this notion that potentially Trump has
said to to Bolton you can have this job
but no wars I don't really understand
that but but I look I mean this this is
one thing about John Bolton is he been
consistent for a long time you know what
you're getting here you know what kind
of advocacy you're gonna get from him
it's gonna be unrestrained it's gonna be
interventionist it's gonna be
undiplomatic he is going to make this
case from know unquestionably the most
powerful position in the government when
it comes to national security he is you
know you can say what you want about Jim
mattis you can say what you want about
Mike Pompeo if he gets confirmed as the
Secretary of State this is the guy who
sits next to the president all day long
I and sits in every meeting on that
relates national security he's they're
gonna be the first person in the
president zero national security and the
last person the president zero national
security that position is supposed to be
an honest brokers position and and john
bolton has gone on television and
claimed that that's the role he wants to
play he
nothing in his history suggest that
that's the role that he will in fact
play or that in that he truly wants to
play he wants to be the guy who shakes
foreign policy and if the foreign policy
goes in the direction that he is
advocated we were going to be in for a
very rough if not calamitous time ahead
yeah this is a bucking bronco I'll tell
you right now this came as a surprise to
people inside the White House this came
as a surprise to John Bolton and it
certainly came as a surprise to HR
McMaster Carolee is gonna have for us
just in a moment where Kelly stands and
all this which I think on very shaky
ground because it appears Donald Trump
thinks that he can do this job himself
that he can represent himself that he
can be his chief of staff and that he
can bring in voices that really back up
his extreme views or his immature views
as it pertains to foreign policy and
representing our country on the world
stage and the bigger question is he
wants to be backed up some would argue
on whether or not he should fire Bob
Muller and the question is are we one
step closer to that Michael Schmitt you
have reporting on the latest attorney to
leave the team what does that indicate
to you this indicates that doubt is out
John Dowd who had led the president's
team since last summer that happened
hours before McMaster was out correct
and Dowd with someone who was telling
the president something he did not want
to hear he was telling the president you
should not fire Bob Muller and you
should not go in for an interview with
Mahler and the President believes that
he can go in and explain to Muller that
he has done nothing wrong that there is
nothing here but down thought it could
be a perjury trap and there was no
upside to it and they really broke on
this down told someone that I spoke to
that he would quit over this issue that
he was felt so strongly about it and at
the end of the day doubt whose
personality was grating on the president
and the other lawyers on the team is
gone so as Joe pointed out we have now
his top lawyer is definitely someone who
would believe in the firing of Bob
Muller the president is surrounded
himself on the legal side of people that
have pushed these agendas that the FBI
made up
the evidence against him these are
people that are going to be more likely
to go along with the extreme views that
the President may have on this
investigation the president goes back
and forth a lot on how he feels about
Muller but these are people that are
going to be more likely to go along with
so we've got two generals left Kelly and
maddest Carolee is Kelly's time running
out is he next well it seems that
they've reached a sort of agreement that
he'll hang on now and the reason is
because as the president was going
through what to do with Kelly and he was
unhappy with him as his chief of staff
they couldn't really come up with a good
alternative and it's part of that
process we talked to people who said
that the president entertained this idea
of having no chief of staff so he would
just eliminate that position not replace
Kelly and essentially do the job himself
and run it how he ran his business where
there would be a free flow of
information open-door policy a few
people would point would report directly
to him but he wouldn't have a chief of
staff and the sort of gatekeeper that
was managing his time his access to
people is access to information and for
now we're told that that idea is tabled
but he certainly was very intrigued by
Rick Tyler it's been reported that some
Republicans were really calmed by the
presence of HR McMaster and a number of
these generals is the legislation to
protect the special counsel more on high
priority list for Republicans at this
point should it be no I don't think it's
going anywhere I think the demonstrated
over and over again and you saw with the
with the firing of Andrew McCabe that
the response to that was was you know
tepid weak soup I mean it was Lindsey
Graham had the had the most vigorous
response to it but we got a single line
from the speaker's
house the speaker at that house about
Paul Ryan's office the Senate majority
leader said absolutely nothing about it
this is as if Michael is saying this is
where this is going the the president is
going I believe the president is going
to fire Muller he believes he's his best
lawyer believes he's his best chief of
staff he still doesn't have a
communications director they wouldn't
surprise me of all if the chief of staff
were to leave and he wouldn't replace
that so he he is in a sense become
comfortable being
who he is now as president the way he
ran his business he doesn't like to be
around people who who he feels like HR
McMaster has been known to lecture him
he said he talks too much he creates in
his nerves the same with John doubt he's
going to move those people out and move
seco fonts in and so once one running
the economy run now in charge of foreign
policy and now on his legal team and
John Heilemann obviously the change in
direction here in terms of these think
events in terms of there is extreme
views on major issues that impact our
national security that impact our place
in the world that impact our strategic
alliances these are all things that we
can worry about but we have to think
about what's going on here and in some
ways you have to think Trump style which
would be on a very shallow base level
that pertains to money and sex which is
what we've bumped in the show this
morning with the former Playboy bunny
who apparently was a part of some effort
to silence her through Friends of Donald
Trump who ran a media empire and of
course this Sunday on 60 minutes the big
lead-up to stormy Daniels who claims the
porn star who claims she had an affair
with the president has evidence as such
and claims that she was threatened by
either him or one of his Stooges do you
think this plays into his thinking do
you think he was trying to distract or
is that to base and to shallow I
wouldn't I have given up trying to read
Donald Trump's mind it's it's it's not
so much John it does seem like ever
since the stormy story broke his radical
behavior has amped up yeah I was gonna
say I mean I can't really read the mind
it's not it's like trying to read a word
we read in a book that's written in some
language that no one understands so I
can't really say whether he's trying to
distract I do think mica that to the
extent that that we can judge the way
that trumps psychology works is that all
these factors are playing on him at the
same time and the things that we know
about how Trump reacts when he feels as
though he's cornered when he feels as
though he's threatened when he feels as
though things are not going his
whay which has certainly been the case
in terms of the molar probe and then if
you add in this other layer where
everything about his behavior with
respect to stormy Daniels everything
about the way in which they have played
the legal game of chess the other day
Michael avenatti her lawyer was on this
network saying that he felt like he was
he normally plays three-dimensional
chess and in a litigation he feels as
though he's playing chess right now
while the president's team is playing
tic-tac-toe and not playing it very well
he thinks things are not going well for
him and when things are not going well
he lashes out and when he don't and
tries to I don't know if it's just it
was so much distract as it is that he
gets in a place where just starts
lashing out in a kind of indiscriminate
way we saw that during the campaign
we've seen that in the White House and
that lashing out is what's going on on
one level here and the other level is
the thing that Jerry abash suggested and
you end and and the Rick Tyler suggested
which is he he's assembling a war
cabinet just a bunch of people around
him he's now in the bunker and he's he's
before he's firmly entrenched there he's
surrounded himself with yes men he's
surrounded himself with what he thinks
of his warriors and now he's just saying
I'm gonna follow my instincts because
the extent I followed anybody else's
instincts it's just gotten worse and
worse for me
and by the way Mika mentioned Karen
McDougal the former Playboy model we
will have her attorney on this show
coming up in our next hour this morning
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
