on April 9th the United States will take
one big step closer to nuclear war on
April 9th John Bolton will become the
national security adviser to the
President of the United States we don't
know who else will still be working in
the White House by April 9th John Kelly
could be fired from the White House by
then we don't know what lawyers will be
defending Donald Trump on the special
prosecutors investigation of the
president's possible obstruction of
justice and other possible crimes the
president's lead criminal defense
attorney John Dowd left the case today
Dowd publicly claims that he resigned
but he might have been fired there's no
way of knowing because everyone in Trump
world is willing to lie about everything
for an always chaotic White House today
was an unusually chaotic day the dumping
of the president's criminal defense
lawyer was followed by the dumping of
the president's national security
adviser HR McMaster and the naming of
the next national security adviser John
Bolton and a report that the president
is thinking about firing John Kelly and
not replacing him the president is
wondering aloud whether he actually
needs a White House chief of staff and
it's a reasonable question he has had
two White House Chiefs of Staff and
neither one of them managed to get a
single day's work done by the Trump
White House that was not chaotic every
minute of the day and so as we saw in
the Nixon White House as the special
prosecutor gets closer and closer to the
president the president gets more and
more desperate more and more unhinged
and that means in the Trump White House
we get days like today and the other
thing we got today amidst the big
shake-up of personnel is the guarantee
that things will get worse in the Trump
White House on April 9th and that
guarantee comes in the person of John
Bolton who will be the president's
closest advisor on national security
issues and I mean physically closest the
national security adviser has an
advantage over the Secretary of State
the Secretary of Defense the director of
the CIA
and that is that the national security
advisors office is located in the west
wing of the White House always steps
away from the president the national
security adviser always gets the last
word with the president after the
cabinet members have left a meeting and
are in their cars on the way back to
their departments the national security
adviser is still there and still has the
president's ear and on April 9th Donald
Trump will have a national security
adviser who just five weeks earlier
publicly called for a pre-emptive attack
on North Korea in an op-ed piece in The
Wall Street Journal John Bolton made
what he called the legal case for
striking North Korea first he compared
it to other unilateral actions taken by
the President of the United States
including quote in 1988 President Reagan
unilaterally extended u.s. territorial
waters from 3 to 12 miles
what kind of strategic mind would see in
a nine mile extension of the United
States territorial waters would see that
in the same terms as a pre-emptive
military attack on North Korea that's
who's going to be advising Donald Trump
on North Korea on April 9th the weakest
mind that has ever occupied the
presidency of the United States will be
advised by the second weakest mind that
has ever occupied the position of
national security advisors second of
course to Michel Flynn's 24 days as
national security adviser to Donald
Trump on April 9th the only person left
in the Trump administration with the
stature to possibly stand between john
bolton and a nuclear war with north
korea is probably going to be Secretary
of Defense James mattis it will once
again fall to James Madison to the
president that if we launch a preemptive
strike to destroy North Korea's nuclear
weapons capacity it is very likely that
North Korea will launch a nuclear weapon
immediately against South Korea and it
is absolutely guaranteed that if North
Korea does not launch a nuclear weapon
it will
conventional weapons to kill tens of
millions of people in South Korea in the
first minutes of such conflict
remember when James Madison Trump's
favorite cabin of pick it was during the
transition before Donald Trump really
knew any of his cabinet members we are
going to a point mad dog matter he
doesn't lose he doesn't lose it was all
about the nickname for Donald Trump he
didn't really know anything about
General James Madison nickname but now
Donald Trump knows the general mattis is
not Mad Dog enough for him but on April
9th there will be a Mad Dog working in
the Trump White House and the world will
be less safe because of it and the
president will be that many days closer
to whatever his ultimate showdown with
special prosecutor turns out to be an
interview with the special prosecutor a
subpoena to testify to a grand jury
under oath questioning in front of a
grand jury with his with his lead
defense attorney now off the case Donald
Trump has a legal mad dog to handle all
of that now there was a brazen plot to
illegally exonerate Hillary Clinton and
if she didn't win the election to then
frame Donald Trump with a falsely
created crime everything that we have
seen from these texts and from all the
facts developing shows that the FBI and
senior DOJ officials conspired to
violate the law and to deny Donald Trump
his civil rights that's not a criminal
lawyer talking that is a rodeo clown who
went to law school talking that's the
president's new criminal defense lawyer
if john bolton was a criminal defense
lawyer he would probably sound a lot
like joe digenova just did the pattern
we have seen is that every day that
donald trump comes closer to a showdown
with the special prosecutor everyday the
charity Kushner comes closer to what
will be his own showdown with special
prosecutor which might or might not
result in the president's son-in-law
being indicted every day that we move
closer and closer to whatever the
special prosecutors ultimate
confrontation with Trump world turns out
to be Trump world gets crazier and
crazier and more and more chaotic and
every containment strategy devised by
the White House staff or by the Trump
family or by the Trump lawyers every
containment strategy designed to try to
contain the madness of Donald Trump does
not work and the madness mushrooms and
so it will be into that White House
where all of the systems of containment
of Donald Trump that have been tried and
have already failed and failed
completely it will be into that
ever more chaotic White House that John
Bolton officially reports for duty
for the first time on April 9th and on
April 9th we will be that much closer to
the mushrooming madness of the Trump
White House creating a mushroom cloud
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
