yes now Chris Whipple the author of the
gatekeepers how the White House Chiefs
of Staff define every presidency Josh
earnest former White House press
secretary President Obama he's also an
MSNBC political analyst and Ron Klain
the former chief of staff to Vice
President Joe Biden and Al Gore and a
former senior aide to President Obama
and Josh earnest I just want to go to
your reading of today this has been as
we say a chaotic White House I'm not
sure what which day was more chaotic
than today with the loss of the the the
removal firing resignation whatever it
was of the president's criminal defense
lawyer clearly the firing of the
National Security Advisor and his
quickly named replacement Lawrence the
the president Trump likes to shake
things up and today was a day in which
he succeeded in shaking a lot of things
up you know my you know in the news it
seems to me that the more significant
move for the country is this change to
replace HR McMaster with John Bolton you
know my tenure in the White House
Lawrence's gave me a front-row seat to
seeing how presidents and their national
security advisors work so closely
together to formulate the national
security strategy of the country I flew
around the world on Air Force One with
Susan Rice she sat in the chair next to
me for many of those trips she was the
person who prepared the briefing
materials for the president said she
signed off on them at least she was the
person who was flying on the plane
oftentimes the Secretary of State the
Secretary of Defense of the CIA
directors flying on their own plane she
was the last person to speak to the
president States before he'd walk into a
meeting with a foreign leader and she
was the person who was sitting next to
President Obama when he sat down across
the table from other world leaders we
remember that famous photo of President
Obama interacting with Vladimir Putin at
the g20 a couple years ago it was up it
was not a previously planned meeting it
was a still photo of that meeting and
the only other person that's pictured
that photo other than Barack Obama and
Vladimir Putin was Susan Rice so you
know John Bolton didn't have exactly a
stellar tenure during his first
go-around in in the federal government
in the executive branch but boy we as a
country have a lot riding riding on him
this time
there are a lot of times where he's
going to be putting his head to get his
head together with Donald Trump and the
two of them are gonna be cooking up
really important decisions so we're
counting on you John well that's that's
a lot to count on Ron Klain I want to
get your reaction to to both of these
moves today I want to note that in
Michael Wolf's book fire and fury the
problem Steve Bannon was pushing john
bolton to be the national security
adviser and the problem that donald
trump had with john bolton was his
mustache according to according to Steve
Bannon and fire and fury the other
revelation fire fury was that a about HR
McMaster Donald Trump said he bores the
crap out of me and I cleaned that one up
a little bit but run with your
experience at the White House I want you
to talk about the change in White House
national security visor but also this
legal change the top criminal defense
lawyer in the Trump team is out today
what does that mean well you know the
day began with the president threatening
to beat up - crying the former vice
president yes and it ends without that
being one of the top five craziest
things that happened today Ron I have to
say that these comments about Biden the
tweet about beating up Biden is now
officially old news for noon time I
believe yeah so so look I think we saw
two big changes and while I certainly
agree with Josh that for the country and
for our national security this move of
putting John Bolton the man who hasn't
found a country on earth he doesn't want
to launch a war against in his national
security advisor is probably scarier but
I do think this move of pushing out John
Dowd and bringing in a TV conspiracist
as the president's chief lawyer is a
clear signal of a second front in the
Trump White House they are loading up to
fire Bob Muller or to fight the special
counsel in some other kind of way and
instead of handling this as a legal
matter they're getting ready to handle
this as a PR matter they are getting
ready to handle this as a political
matter they bought in Joe to Genoa they
brought in his wife they are TV lawyers
and these TV lawyers are expected to go
do I mean do on a government salary what
they used to do
for Fox News which is to go on Fox and
explain crazy conspiracies craziness of
Trump and try to sell that to Trump's
base and that's what Trump is reading
the country for and Chris Whipple I've
written a book about White House Chiefs
of Staff and here we have the president
today apparently being reported by NBC
knows that he is actually thinking about
not just getting rid of John Kelly but
also not replacing him because Trump is
now starting to think he doesn't need a
White House chief of staff
imagine for us the Trump White House
without a White House chief of staff me
you've spent a lot of time well I canna
Reince Priebus about how it works try to
try to imagine I mean you know the thing
is it's no surprise that Donald Trump
wants to get rid of his chief of staff
and to be his own chief of staff because
he doesn't want any grown-ups in the
room he's tired of being told what he
can't do but history is littered with
the wreckage of presidencies that tried
to do something like that to operate
according to a kind of spokes of the
wheel with the president at the center
everybody coming and going it's it's
never worked you know john kennedy tried
it until he ran into the Bay of Pigs
afterwards he leaned on his brother
Bobby was a de facto chief LBJ ran into
Vietnam he there was nobody to speak
hard truths to LBJ so it's a model that
has failed time and again and all you
have to do is look at the first six
months of the Trump presidency where the
model was the 26th floor of Trump Tower
with everybody coming and going and
nobody empowered that'll tell you what
it's like to govern without a White
House chief of staff Josh earnest the
the Trump White House without a White
House chief of staff I mean one thing
I'm wondering about is from our
perspective from sitting out here would
anything at all appear to be different
could it possibly appear to be more
chaotic if the White House chief of
staff job was empty well you know Lauren
I don't know that would have much of an
impact on president Trump's public image
but it would have a profound impact on
the inner workings of the White House
and you know one of the one of the
challenges that John Kelly has accepted
and has actually fared relatively well
in managing is trying to manage the
intense staff level rivalries in
the white house we were there is
basically open war in the halls of the
West Wing when Reince Priebus was the
chief of staff and you had the abandoned
wing and the kushner wing and and and
general kelly for all of his faults and
he's got many of them has actually been
able to in many ways put up put a lid on
all that in some cases by firing people
like Steve Bannon so I do fear and I and
I think this would be a legitimate fear
of everybody who works in the West Wing
that removing him as chief of staff
would actually take the lid off all
those rivalries again and as difficult
to place as the White House is to work
even in the best of circumstances it
would get far far away for the people
that have to show up there every day Ron
Klain others reporting indicating that
John Kelly opposed the choice of john
bolton as national security adviser we
know that john kelly blocked John
Bolton's freelance access to the
president that was going on before John
Kelly became the chief of staff and so
that it looks like this choice of Bolton
could be the beginning of the counting
of the days for John Kelly yeah I mean I
think we've learned over the past couple
days that when Sarah Sanders goes out
and says the president thinks you're
doing a great job it's time to brush up
your LinkedIn profile and you know I
think that could time could be coming
for John Kelly look I have a lot of
disagreements with John Kelly on matters
of domestic policy in particular but we
got to give him this he is a military
man who understands the huge cost the
human cost of war and was not a war hawk
and I think seeing john bolton come into
the White House with his with his
proposals for a preemptive strike
against North Korea for war with rent he
even wrote recently about the idea of
war with Cuba I mean this is a person
who was going to get this country into a
military conflict and I don't think
that's what John Kelly wants and I think
that I do think this is a sign that John
Kelly may indeed be on the way out Chris
on April 9th John Bolton will be in
there as the national security adviser
and we know based on the pattern he's
going to be Donald Trump's favorite new
toy there's going to be a favorite in
the White House in April 9th and it's
going to be the new guy the interesting
thing is he's there every day he's in a
physical position for the president to
in effect start leaning on John Bolton
as a de facto White House chief
laughs and make him be the traffic cop
here here's the really troubling thing
about it you know Reagan once said about
his fractious White House that the
right-wing doesn't know what the far
right wing well this this shows that the
far right wing has won its prevailed
Bolton is a terrible choice for National
Security Adviser because that person has
to be above all else the so-called
honest broker of information on every
side of a national security issue you
can't get the model as Brent Scowcroft
under Bush 41 you never put your thumb
on the scale Bolton is a hard right
ideologue and quite frankly we have a
White House chief of staff who has also
reinforced all of Donald Trump's most
partisan instincts so competent people
are headed for the exits hard right
ideologues are coming in and it's it's
really a recipe for disaster
Chris Whipple Josh earnest Ron Klain
thank you for joining us really
appreciate
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
