a very unusual interview I have with the
whistleblower from Cambridge analytic
accan siddur that trumps international
digital firm is facing an existential
crisis right now over this hidden video
scandal you've seen the video on your
screen there Bob Muller probing these
links between the Trump campaign and
this Steve Bannon firm Cambridge
analytic I mean while Mark Zuckerberg
announcing that same firm is banned from
Facebook Zuckerberg speaking out on this
scandal for the first time as his
company is losing 50 billion dollars
this week over the scandal so that is a
lot swirling around Trump and his
digital operation and remember this
Muller probe has always been a digital
investigation about how Russia
weaponized the web how they hacked the
emails did they have American help and
the big one did that help include Trump
aids every story I just mentioned he's
wrapped up in Donald Trump's
controversial digital firm and that firm
is only under all this strain this week
because of these hidden videos exposing
the dirty tricks the lying the
misinformation in what I can tell you
from my estimation is one of the most
explosive international digital
political scandals clearly since the
2016 election interference when you see
these new sting videos on TV or online
do you ever wonder where did this
footage come from who would pick this
fight with such powerful people who
specialized in dirty tricks and copper
mod who are allies of President Trump
well there's one young man who's at the
center of every story I just mentioned
he once worked for this Trump firm
Cambridge so he knows how it's now
suspended CEO operates how this firm
directed by Steve Bannon was run and
this 28 year old basically risked his
career to become a whistleblower to
expose what Trump's digital firm was
doing and what it may yet do he exposed
the secret information that just this
week got Cambridge banned from Facebook
God its CEO suspended God's Zuckerberg
to do this apology tour even got Bob
Muller more interested in this firm
Christopher Wiley is that 28 year old in
demand an insider a
person who caused Facebook more money
than just about anyone ever and who is
now a crucial Russia witness the US
House Intel committee I can tell you
asking him to testify he says he will so
while he's not just in the eye of this
storm he's in the eye of a storm of his
own making and before he goes face to
face with these secretive US
investigators it sure would be
fascinating probably useful for us all
to hear more of his account in public
and that's what we're gonna do right now
as he joins the beat from London I'm
joined now by Christopher Wiley the
Cambridge analytic a whistleblower he
was director of research a founder of
the firm he did leave the company in
2014 thank you for joining me let me ask
you as you know several former Trump
aids including man affording gates were
indicted on violations of the foreign
lobbying laws here in the United States
while you were with Cambridge did you
ever hear that the company Cambridge
analytic Oh or any of its officers like
mr. Nixon Bannon were warned that these
activities might violate American law
yeah absolutely
I mean Rudy Giuliani's law firm actually
sent us a memo to to Steve Barron
Rebecca Merce and Alexander Nicks that
actually outlined the fact that in the
United States you cannot run campaigns
with foreign citizens who aren't
permanent residents and the company was
warned that Alexander Nicks should
recuse himself of substantive management
duties in the company as CEO and they
were also warned that the company
shouldn't be sending foreign citizens to
go and run American campaign so Julia I
just want to address what it was
complete was completely was was
completely disregarding you're saying
you know during I just want to make sure
I have this right because you're making
quite an explosive allegation Giuliani
warned the people you named during the
campaign his law firm Rudy Giuliani's
law firm during the campaign and your
view is they ignored those warnings
they did they completely disregarded it
and I have the memo to prove it I gave
it to the New York Times into the
Guardian let me turn to the explosive
video that has rocked Facebook to its
core cost it at least fifty billion
dollars this week I'm gonna play this
video of the guy you used to report to
the now suspended CEO of Cambridge
analytical who worked for the Trump
campaign Alexander Knicks on this video
YouTube or something like this the offer
of those kind of dirty tricks was that
an extreme exception of what Cambridge
did or was that business as usual no
that was completely normal you know if
you if you take a look at some of
Carol's recent reporting in The Guardian
about the Nigeria hacking scandal has
come out where this where this company
received hacked material from Israeli
private intelligence and used it to
create comprar mat in Nigeria you know
the they are willing to go to extreme
lengths to do what it takes to win for
their client even if that is unlawful
Steve ban on the board the Mercer's
involved in the company did they know
this was business as usual for Cambridge
yeah Alexander Nicks reported to Steve
Barron and Rebecca Mercer and and and
they had an obligation and a duty as
officers of the company to keep track of
what the company was doing and they
failed in that when you look at that
video that's been so explosive how did
it come about when I started working
with the Guardian one of the one of the
things that we thought would be useful
is to see what the company is currently
doing so we
approach channel four and channel four
agreed to work with us to to collaborate
on setting up an undercover filming to
see if they were too if they were still
working in the in the same kind of
unethical manner that I saw when I was
there so you helped set up the sting
video yeah Christopher I gotta ask you
you're going after people who look
pretty important linked to the trump
presidency linked to all of these
compromise where you ever scared
becoming a whistleblower and setting up
these sting videos yeah it's incredibly
intimidating you know I I'm not gonna
lie it's it's incredibly intimidating to
have an entire media storm circle you
have everybody you know digging through
every past text message you send
everything that you've said online at
one point or another and to go up
against you know a well-funded company
backed by a billionaire should go up
against Steve Bannon to go up against
the alt-right in the United States yeah
it is intimidating mark zuckerberg
breaking his silence and says they want
to ensure there's no more cambridge
analytic --is on facebook in your view
has facebook taken measures to make sure
that's the case well to be honest this
feels more like a PR effort than you
know any sort of general attempt to fix
the issue it was only a week ago that
facebook threatened to sue the Guardian
overusing the word breach the company
still has being ignoring my offer to sit
down with the regulators they they
continue to stand by their statement but
where they want to access my personal
devices and act as if they are the
police as if they are the state despite
the fact that I am working with the
legitimate legal authority in this
country to investigate this issue I've
been the one that is brought this issue
to public attention I'm the one that has
proactively worked with the legal
authorities here in the UK to
investigate this for months
it's only now that Facebook is playing
catch-up despite the fact that they've
known about this for two years let me
play one more a piece of Zuckerberg
talking about the obligation he has to
users I want to see whether this
reflects your experience because you've
been in the center of all this here is
new Mark Zuckerberg
we have a basic responsibility to
protect people's data and if we can't do
that then we don't deserve to have the
opportunity to serve people based on
your dealings from Cambridge to Facebook
what grade would you give him on the way
they're meeting that duty well they
haven't done anything so I mean I have
to you know what else could I say that a
failure this has been a catastrophic
failure they they could have proactively
as I have worked with the regulators and
the legal authorities in this country
and in the end in the United States and
and elsewhere to to address the really
serious issues that that the this
Cambridge analytic story really raises
about the integrity of their system and
the security of their system and more
broadly how it impacts you know the
democracy in the United States and
elsewhere but but you know the the proof
is in the pudding right like you know
let's see let's actually see what what
the company is actually going to do
Christopher Wiley you have clearly had a
big impact already around the world and
the story is just getting started and as
you outlined you've taken some personal
risk I really appreciate you taking time
to come on the beat here in this
interview and explain your thinking and
what you know shares thank you for
having me hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
