welcome back tonight I'm obsessed with
people who want to be in charge who are
in charge and who complain about what
people in charge
in other words them are doing while in
charge confused
try to keep track of all the Republican
criticism of the spending bill making
its way through the House and Senate and
yes Republicans still control the house
and Republicans still control the Senate
there's Congressman Jim Jordan of the
house freedom caucus this may be the
worst bill I have seen in my time in
Congress the worst bill our leadership
several iäôd to come to the floor and
here's a typically colorful bite from
one of our favorite guests here at mtv
daily Senator John Kennedy of Louisiana
this is an embarrassment you know I said
it yesterday I'm in this this is a Great
Dane size withers down the leg of every
taxpayer in this country no thought
whatsoever to adding over a trillion
dollars in debt no truth to the rumor
that we're just gonna have a GoPro ready
to go with John Kennedy wherever he goes
anyway both Jorden and Kennedy are upset
about budget busting spending here's the
thing they're both Republicans and
frankly they're not alone Republicans
run the place all of it from the house
and the Senate into the White House and
a lot of them have sounded like Jim
Jordan and John Kennedy in the past
don't say you're in charge and then
complain that you're not really in
charge if you want to cut spending and
balance the budget then cut spending and
balance the budget and by the way a good
place to start might be to not pass a
tax cut plan that ends up adding more
money to the deficit which makes it even
that much harder to balance the budget
I'm not saying I'm just saying I'll be
right
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
