and witness he's of course the editor
and chief of law fair senior fellow at
the Brookings Institute and an MSNBC
contributor alright Ben a lot of times
we ask you to try to see through Muller
and try to understand the Muller probe
try to help me in the dick the best case
for why the president's doing what he's
doing with his legal team well I I don't
think there's a good case for it but let
me start with a point that you made
earlier which is that the exiting legal
team really did the president a
disservice by reassuring him that the
entire situation was under control and
was going to wrap up on its own and you
know one thing you shouldn't do to a
volatile client is tell him things that
aren't true and the repeated reassurance
you know buying his his quiet by
convincing him that it's all okay if you
just give us to Thanksgiving if you just
give us to the end of the year you just
you know that's you know whoring you
know it's it's it's putting gasoline in
a in a in a tank that you're then gonna
pour on a fire later and so it defers
the problem it doesn't address the
problem that said replacing such lawyers
with people who were conspiracy
theorists and who want to antagonize a
professional investigation that you know
has a lot of capacity to do you damage
that's not a wise idea either running
willy-nilly into a interview with a very
professional investigation is generally
speaking not a good idea and by the way
the idea that the president is his own
best lawyer you know there's an old
saying that a client who represents
himself has a fool for a lawyer and you
know believing that your job
is better than all the lawyers around
you is a form of that well look III buy
the potential strategy he's thinking
here which is this idea I'll give him
the interview and then literally walk
out of the interview and say okay he
should be able to wrap this up in a week
and if he can't then I'm justified in
getting rid of him do you think he can
both do the interview well look he can
do what he wants but how does Muller
handle a situation like this in your
mind look the president cannot fire Bob
Muller without either persuading rod
Rosen Stein to carry out that order or
without removing rod Rosenstein and
replacing him with somebody who will and
so you know it's easy to talk about you
know firing Bob Molitor once you've
given an interview actually the
mechanics of getting it done is not a
trivial thing and once you've given an
interview as you know Bill Clinton found
out when he gave an interview to the
grand jury and in the Ken Starr matter
you know that creates a momentum and a
trajectory and a life of its own so
you're Bob Muller today you see what the
president is doing you know that you've
begun these negotiations of what an
interview might look like and now you
find out that the president is anxious
to do an interview
so yeah what's realistic on what Muller
can demand of the president in an
interview I mean look he could go to the
subpoena route create you know but what
do you think is the most likely setting
for what an interview will look like
so most of Muller's interviews have not
been in front of the grand jury he seems
to be using unlike Ken Starr he seems to
be using the grand jury when he needs to
compel and not when he has voluntary
appearances in which case he does things
by interview you know that is FBI
interviews with
the the FBI agents associated with the
investigation and the prosecutors
associated with the agents with the
prosecutors working for him
and so I assume that if he can get the
president's agreement to sit for an
interview uh-huh that will be adequate
from his point of view I don't think he
needs it to be in front of the grand
jury I don't think he needs it to be
under oath and I don't think he needs it
to be uncounseled as a you know normally
when a witness goes in front grand jury
their Lord thought with them my guess is
that Bob Muller would probably be
perfectly happy to interview the
president in the presence of counsel not
in front of the grand jury that's just a
guess of course but you know that seems
to be the way he's interacting with a
lot of witnesses well you're painting a
picture then have an interview that they
may agree to the terms quicker than we
think yeah the president would agree to
that let me just you know throw a little
bit of cold water on what Mike Schmidt
was saying about it coming together very
quickly because you know it is also the
case that this is the president you know
will say okay I'm gonna have a meeting
with Kim jong-eun or say on the phone to
Vladimir Putin you know let's get
together soon and the difference between
or say to Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi
hate me appeal on khakha right and the
difference between him saying that
something is nearly there or is there
and it actually happening can be very
substantial in his case and I think any
professional lawyer working for him is
going to want to arrange for the best
conditions for this interview and I
could see that you know making things
more complicated even now yes maybe
they'll start negotiating over the size
of the table at a point anyway Ben been
witness down in Charlottesville for us
today Ben thanks very much
much later hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
