that it was their job that it was that
to their war and I know Willie brought
this up too during the run-up to the
election people saying what are we going
to tell our grandchildren in the run-up
to the Trump election and I
I know Willie you were saying well what
you tell your grandchildren is you're a
journalist and you did your job your
jobs not to beat a candidate your jobs
to report the news and we're gonna show
some polls in a second that suggests
that a lot of Americans may believe that
there's a bit of an overreach by a lot
of us in the media and also by a lot of
the Democrats on the Judiciary Committee
yeah there are a lot of Americans who
were clearly concerned about what judge
Cavanaugh may have done to dr. Ford and
we're listening to dr. Ford's testimony
a week ago and in the interim since then
well we've gotten to stories about judge
Cavanaugh maybe throwing ice cubes in
1985 and other stories like this that
look to us a lot of Americans
particularly Republicans but I think
even Democrats like piling on and trying
to take the man down so here's what we
have now according to a new NPR PBS
Newshour Marist Poll the large advantage
Democrats held in enthusiasm has all but
evaporated 80% of Republicans now say
the elections in November are very
important that's a jump of more than 10
points just since July the Republican
figure is just two points shy of the
Democrats now who saw their enthusiasm
take up only slightly from the prior
poll Joe so there you have it I mean
that's just over the last month or so
one Willie what we've said it time and
time again on this show when people do
generic ballot tests it's not the
generic ballot tests that I look at that
a lot of other people look at going into
midterms its voter intensity and the
Democrats have had a massive advantage
in voter intensity over the past 18
months and it has evaporated in the
course of a couple of weeks again Mike
this is just one poll but you don't have
to be a rocket scientist or you don't
have to have a PhD in and in politics
too
to understand what the last couple weeks
have done to energize the the Republican
base and the conservative base to say
hey I hate Trump but I'm not a big fan
of what the Democrats and the media are
doing right now - oh for sure Joe for
sure and look at the one the one thing
we can document and you can document at
any number of ways is the president's
constant assault on the media fake news
has really really worked it is sunk in
all across the country and there's been
a series of stories about the Supreme
Court appointment that have appeared on
television and in newspapers that have
caused I think a lot of Americans in
this polarized political atmosphere of
ours to stop pause and say hey this is
just a bit too much especially one of
the later stories earlier this week
about a note that Judge Cavanaugh when
he was 17 or 18 years of age wrote to
his friends about a rental a beach
rental for a weekend and at the end of
that note it said you know would best
warn the neighbors I'm paraphrasing here
would best warn the neighbors and tell
them that a bunch of drunks are gonna be
renting this condo for two days and I
think a lot of people looked at that and
said you know well he was 17 when he
wrote that come on so things like that
have added to this enthusiasm on the
Republican side well you have that and
Amica like Willie said breathless
stories about Cavanaugh throwing ice
cubes when he was 17 or 18 years old
anonymous stories coming out with
absolutely no sourcing stories about
gang rape factories coming out
absolutely no source and that you know I
wish everybody would remember what Marty
Baron tells his people at the Washington
Post we are not going to war right we
are going to work and this is just a
reminder and again who knows maybe
Cavanaugh goes down
maybe Democrats have a massive landslide
I can tell you right now yeah these are
just snapshots of how Americans feel
today yeah but it's not supposed to be
how reporters feel and how media
analysts feel at this point in a case
like this and it's not even a case yet
although they FBI
is looking into it it's a hearing it's a
job interview and what we saw and I
think what is playing into this blowback
you're talking about is a lot of members
of the media reacting emotionally like
for example did Brett Kavanaugh feel
like maybe he was lying did it feel like
maybe he was lying about drinking did it
seem like maybe he was lying about
blacking out did he seem like he was
kind of a jerk did it seem like he was
overly aggressive yes sure but that does
not mean he did it and we just need
these are emotional reactions that lead
to things that are said on Twitter which
lead to reaction to that which by the
way leads to exactly what Donald Trump
why exactly what he wants report the
facts and and it would probably when
again probably be better if everybody in
the mainstream media yes the fat reports
of facts and not take every little note
that he wrote on a calendar
20 or 30 years ago and suggested it
proves that he goes to gang rapes yeah
that is a serial rapist or some of the
other preposterous things that have been
saying but anyway we're talking about
this for a reason all could be true
we're talking about this for a reason
it's because right now what has happened
over the past couple weeks has energized
a depressed Republican and conservative
base and now actually put a lot of
Democratic Senate seats in danger new
fox news polling shows Republicans
making gains in a number of
battlegrounds Senate races heading into
November in North Dakota senator Heidi
Heitkamp who is one of the most
vulnerable Democrats this year is
trailing her Republican challenger Kevin
Cramer by 12
BUTT STUFF right there John Muir of of
all the races right now Heidi Hyde camp
seems to be the Democrat who boy is she
just seems like very endangered right
now and unlike every other Democrat in
these tight races it's hard to imagine
how she fights her way back especially
where the Cavanaugh vote still in front
of her that's right strategists that
I've talked to them both sides of the
party put her as the most danger
Democrat by far that poll were that you
just showed right there really under
school
is that there are other seats Missouri
and so on there Democrat where
Republicans might have a slight edge and
I'm sure we'll get to some of those in a
minute but this one in particular hide
camp they feel is in real trouble and
they think that this Cavanaugh moment
here has absolutely has energized
Republicans who has you've been saying
who really despondent really down about
how the the spring and summer have gone
and now feel like they have something to
fight for now it will be interesting to
see does that enthusiasm persist if
Cavanaugh were to be seated on the bench
like if he comes through this and gets
on the bench did you know is this some
of this enthusiasm almost anger like a
justified like you know how they're
treating our guy like this how could
they deny him and certainly I think if
he doesn't make it then yes you'd think
that would continue if he does get on
does some that dissipate I mean that's
what we'll see in the weeks ahead well
and and that's a couple weeks ago I was
talking about how actually ironically
the person who wins this fight may lose
some voters in writebol because that
anger will dissipate they win they don't
feel it's motivated to go out but
there's no doubt that Heidi Heitkamp is
has a lot of reason to worry this
morning just like mica red sox fans
okay in Tennessee where President Trump
rallied on Monday Republican Marsha
Blackburn is leading Democrat Phil
Bredesen by five points that's it that's
that's that's a real switch jesse wonder
if that's going to be a tough battle
which i would guess is probably going to
go down to the very end because Wow
reticence favorable ratings in the state
of Tennessee are numbers yeah that any
politician would dream for that's right
and Bredesen is the kind of candidate
who needs to win if Democrats are gonna
pull off a surprising flip of the Senate
if the filled reticence of the world
aren't able to NAB these kind of seats
it's extremely unlikely that Democrats
will be able to have sort of a sea
change in the control of the Senate as
we go into next year so this poll is
really important and what it indicates
of course is that the conventional
wisdom when it comes to how Tennessee
votes that Tennessee is a super-duper
red state mazed
bear out as we move forward another
Senate race where there's some polling
that looks like it's potentially less
favorable to Democrats is Texas we've
seen some numbers in the last 24 hours
or so indicating that the surge and
support the beta O'Rourke had
potentially may not bear out and this is
what's so important when you talk about
polling is that we get polling data for
months and months and months leading up
to these election days and it's always
interesting and we always pour over it
and try to read the tea leaves or try to
make sense of what it all means but
ultimately pools are largely useless
until October
they just don't capture the way voters
are going to think on Election Day and
that's why these numbers coming out are
so important they're just gonna dispel a
lot of the conventional wisdom that sort
of calcified over the last six months
and what you want to look at always Mika
trendlines that's all that matters over
the next four weeks
and again these trend lines could
dramatically change in a week depending
on which way the Cavanaugh hearings go
the Fox News polling shows a tie in
Missouri's Senate race between Democrat
Claire McCaskill and Republican Josh
Holley while in Arizona Democrat Kyrsten
Sinema
tops Republican martha mcsalley by two
points and in Indiana Democrat Joe
Donnelly also leads his Republican
challenger Mike Brown by two points
Willie man Indiana Missouri there
they're just complete toss-ups right now
could go either way yeah and I think if
you look at Claire McCaskill the way
she's gonna have to vote in the which
you will vote on judge Kavanagh at being
a no vote for him it'll be interesting
to see which way that cuts I mean she
that's a tough vote for her now if you
look at this race it's a genuine toss-up
and by the way has been within the
margin of error for some time now this
was always gonna be something of a
toss-up but she you know she she seems
to find a way over the years we'll see
if this year this year is different and
john padula it's our friend the editor
of commentary magazine tweeted yesterday
so basically we could be seeing a nearly
unprecedented political event in
November with house waving toward Dems
and Senate getting more Republican at
the same time
never happened before that I know of so
Joe that would be a very interesting
dynamic here it would be interesting I
don't know that that's going to happen
we have a set of democratic polls what
I've always found is if you have a wave
breaking for Senate candidates you
usually have that same wave breaking for
Republican candidates and you know when
voters go to the the voting booth if you
have somebody that is angered by what
they're seeing on TV whether they're a
Democrat or whether they're a Republican
it drives them out to vote if they're so
motivated and they're gonna vote for
Republicans straight down the line or
wrap up our Democrat straight down the
line but but really I
who knows how October is going to end
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
