back to our breaking news moments ago
President Trump commenting on testifying
before special counsel robert muller
take a listen if you couldn't hear that
there the president responding to
whether he would like to testify before
Muller saying quote yes I would like to
I would like to his comments coming
shortly after John Dowd resigned Dowd
had been advising the President on the
special counsels rustle investigation
sources tell NBC News that the president
is now interested in bringing back his
previous lawyer guy named Mark Kassovitz
who is quote someone he can trust
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
