president legal battle with stormy
Daniels is escalating continues to spill
out into public
CBS confirms that it's 60 minutes
interview with the former porn star will
air this Sunday rolling out this
ten-second teaser video it's just one of
the sex scandals intensifying the legal
pressure on this president and joining
us now legal analyst for NBC News and
MSNBC Danny Cevallos danny is new out
with a new piece on NBC News calm titled
three women with legal actions against
Trump who poses the greatest danger so
we have stormy Daniels Danny we've got
Karen McDougal
the former Playboy model and summer
servos the former apprentice star who
hasn't got as much attention as the
other two but you say maybe the most
important of the three this one is
flying under the radar first of all
because the servos case revisits an
issue that we haven't talked about in 20
years since Clinton V Jones which is
presidential immunity from lawsuits that
earlier case resolved that the president
can be sued in federal court this judge
here in New York State Supreme Court has
resolved that the president can be sued
for non official action in state court
but here's why this is so significant
some reservist is different from the
other women in this case because she is
not bound by any arbitration agreement
and the key to victory for the Trump
team with stormy Daniels and Karen
McDougal is forcing those cases into
arbitration which is essentially forcing
them into oblivion where no one will
ever see them they'll be decided in a
conference room no discovery no
depositions no nothing but the servos
case is already in court which means
there could be discovery here which
would mean what for the president it's
already in court because there was never
a contract this is not a contract case
this is what we call a tort case she's
suing for defamation and now that the
case has been allowed to go forward
we're in New York State Supreme Court
there will be a PC conference now
they're gonna schedule depositions
discovery and a deposition is basically
an interview under oath every answer to
every question is an opportunity for
perjury if you are not forthcoming and
there's more the rules of discovery
allow you to ask virtually any question
in a deposition
the rules in New York specifically say
that you cannot refuse to answer just
because you think it's not relevant
that's not a valid ground to answer a
question so hypothetically someone a
deposing attorney could ask about the
Russia investigation they could ask
about collusion and the liberal rules of
discovery leaned towards allowing that
question that's it Danny yeah I want to
get some sharp answers here because I
want to understand why these specific
women matter aside from the fact that
you know the cavorting with a porn star
or a Playboy model and the humiliation
that that would bestow upon his himself
his family his wife what are their
actual legal concerns here is that the
possible threats and do they need to be
credibly proven in any way is it the
fact that there were contracts that
might have been put in place in a way
that involved threats or lawyers
misleading these women what are you
looking for in the stormy interview and
what are you looking for from these
cases that actually bring this close to
actually damaging this president or
impairing his presidency I'm gonna have
to cancel the rest of the breaks for
today because there's so many answers to
that question the potential liabilities
are innumerable at least as to the only
case with physical threats so far
alleged is stormy Daniels but the entire
pattern or practice of contract dealing
between mcdougal between Daniels and the
way if there is an established pattern
of practice or practice of how the Trump
team would contract out these the
silence from anybody he had intimate
relationships with that will definitely
be a problem but bigger and more serious
is the potential campaign finance
implications as to each of these
potential contracts if they constituted
an unlawful corporate contribution in
any way and if there are more lurking
that we don't yet know about then those
could be additional crimes campaign
finance crimes and the reality is if we
get into discovery of any of these cases
get into the discovery process I promise
you mica we will find out
if stormy Daniels has proof of a threat
and I'm drawing on some stories that I'm
still working on the reporting on but if
she has proof of a threat that was level
to her by one of trumps people but not
Trump himself but someone close to Trump
can that be something ultimately that
could be damaging to the president or
can the president just say I didn't know
about it
I do think it's something that Trump
voters will not accept if there's proof
of this but if we have credible threats
proven in some way whether it be via
email or somehow credibly credibly
proven how damaging will that be if it
wasn't Trump himself you're right in
that his base may not be offended at
what we hear about but the implications
of a threat for example also create a
whole jubilee of problems first any
threat could invalidate the underlying
contract but beyond that a threat to
enter a contract becomes extortion but
beyond that even if you subtract the
contract any physical threat itself is a
crime and once we start talking about
crimes then we look between the
connection between a trump agent and the
President himself what did he know when
did he know it when the agent acted on
his behalf and remember crimes like this
are not only crimes their potential
impeachable offenses so they got this
just quickly the connection here is that
when the president tweets about Joe
Biden or Alec Baldwin it's harder for
his lawyers to argue that he has no time
to sit for an interview or he doesn't
say threatening things that's right he's
not going to he's not going to get out
of a deposition because the New York
judge correctly concluded that in these
cases a president can sit for a
deposition if some matter of national
importance comes up they can continue
they can adjourn they can come back and
do it later but any any official conduct
takes precedence but you mr. president
will sit for a civil deposition for your
non official conduct Dennis well thank
you very much for being on this morning
and still I had some striking new
numbers on the issue of gun violence in
in schools USA today just pulled a
thousand students on that and how they
view leadership in Washington morning
Joe's coming right back thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
