all right President Trump is awake and
on Twitter this morning and he's not
focusing on any of the latest scandals
and come encompassing the White House
but rather on former Vice President Joe
Biden and then we have another one but
let's keep in mind we have a couple of
big questions here that are closing in
on this president whether or not he will
fire Bob Muller Republicans stepping up
and saying he better not
and they're even using the word
impeachment when it comes to that and
still those in the intelligence
community and those high up in the
administration are concerned that he may
do this and there are many Democrats who
are very concerned he will do this and
of course there are the questions about
his relationship with the Attorney
General whether he understands that the
Attorney General does not work for him
as his lawyer and that the Attorney
General works for the United States of
America and then there are the legal
questions mounting from women against
this president women who claim they had
consensual affairs with the president
but then were silenced by contracts that
lawyers may have threatened them into or
that lawyers may have threatened their
silence or Stooges for the President or
the president himself may or may not
have threatened these women in some way
those are the big questions hanging over
this president of course getting ready
this Sunday for the big interview with
former porn star stormy Daniels on 60
minutes the president's team really
doesn't want that interview to air and
the attorney for stormy Daniel says
there is credible evidence of threats
and of the relationship so we'll be
looking forward to that and you know the
president is and as he's dealing with
these questions he's tweeting this now
just moments ago the president tweeted
remember when they were saying during
the campaign that Donald Trump is giving
great speeches and drawing big crowds
but he's spending much less money and
not using social media as well as
crooked Hillary's large and highly
sophisticated staff well not saying that
anymore hold on a second I'm just
curious
does anyone know what that means exactly
and why would he be thinking about this
I haven't introduced our guest yet but
Bob Costas raising his hand
what's he thinking about it's 7 o'clock
in the morning or 655 tweeting that
asking White House officials about this
they say as all these things you've
listed continue to mount all the
challenges the problems legal political
he's going to continue to turn to
campaign mode have rallies fight Vice
President Biden fight senator Warren
Wright wants to be out there in this
kind of populist raging way fighting for
his own political so that that actually
is a great point given the fact that Joe
Biden had some really strong words about
beating up the president when he was in
high school I would urge all Democrats
to sit back and let the story play out
don't say things like that it's not
going to help you at this point at this
point the story speaks for itself look
at this the tweet earlier this morning I
think it was about 6:20 in the morning
the president wakes up he's in the
private residence in the White House you
would think he's on his phone he's
watching Fox News maybe some Morning Joe
and he tweets this crazy Joe Biden is
trying to act like a tough guy actually
he's weak both mentally and physically
and yet he threatens me for the second
time with physical assault he doesn't
know me but he would go down fast and
hard crying all the way
don't threaten people Joe and that's
what a lot of people would say including
stormy Daniels thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
