thanks to you at home for joining us
this hour as well not long after the
United States was attacked by Al Qaeda
on 9/11 the United States did something
that was actually one of al-qaeda's most
specific complaints and demands about
the US government less than two years
after 9/11 the US government pulled
American troops and American bases out
of Saudi Arabia and it is an awkward
thing in u.s. foreign policy that hasn't
get talked about all that loudly people
who are part of the George W Bush
administration are supporters of that
administration particularly don't like
to talk about the fact that after 9/11
bin Laden got the most specific item on
his list of grievances against the
United States got it checked off the
list by the George W Bush administration
it's awkward but that that is what
happened I mean back during the first
Gulf War when george w bush's dad was
president over half a million american
troops over half a million coalition
troops had been had been based in Saudi
Arabia Saudi bases were the launching
pad for attacks to defend Kuwait against
the the forces of Saddam Hussein after
the first Gulf War was over thousands of
US troops stayed on those Saudi bases
thereafter but in 2003 less than two
years after 9/11 the Saudi government
asked and the US government acceded and
the US government pulled out of Saudi
Arabia gave up those bases handed over
the keys to the Prince Sultan Air Base
that base that had hosted tens even
hundreds of thousands of US troops where
the United States decided to move its
big new permanent airbase in that part
of the world was out of Saudi Arabia
after 9/11 and instead into the nation
of Qatar the Al Udeid Air Base in Qatar
is now the home of CENTCOM that's where
US Central Command is based there are
thousands of US troops there at any one
time and Al Udeid is is not in a in a
war zone but this is the the permanent
site of US military headquarters for the
Middle East Qatar Qatar is a a small
country it's a very
rich country and for years now it has
been home to this incredibly important
strategic US military headquarters not
just a base of headquarters and since
the Trump administration has been in
office one of the unusual and as yet
unexplained u-turns
taken by this administration and this
president in particular has to do with
Qatar almost on a dime basically with no
warning the Trump administration decided
that they were gonna take a remarkably
hostile turn against this country where
we've got this giant base again they
were gonna take this sudden dramatic non
previewed surprise turn against Qatar we
turned out of the diplomatic crisis
erupting in the Middle East five nations
cutting ties with Qatar accusing that
country of supporting terror and though
Qatar is a key US ally in the fight
against Isis
today President Trump appeared to side
with its accusers we get more from NBC
News chief foreign affairs correspondent
Andrea Mitchell tonight only weeks after
the president heralded his success at
uniting the Arab world in Saudi Arabia a
growing diplomatic crisis among those
same Arab leaders back then the
president lavishly praising the Emir of
Qatar but today the president turning
against him praising the Saudis who in a
sudden move are leading an Arab
coalition cutting off Qatar by air and
sea including no commercial flights the
Saudis claim Qatar supports Islamic
extremists which Qatar strongly denies
the president today is siding with the
Saudis the crisis critical to the us
Qatar home to a key US base with 8,000
US service members flying airstrikes
against Isis and missions in Afghanistan
what was not just unexpected but a
little weird about that hard turn by the
president against Qatar was that it it
sort of felt like it came out of nowhere
not just for those of us observing from
the outside but even from inside the US
government I mean it was the policy of
the US government to oppose that
blockade of Qatar Rex Tillerson the sec
of state had publicly stated the US was
against that blockade on cutters Rex
Tillerson had called for the countries
that were blockading cutter that they
shouldn't do it but the president just
blew that up it was a surprise to people
outside the administration it was a
surprise to people inside the
administration this is a dramatic
Associated Press report about what
happened at the time quote aides the
president Donald Trump were in deep
talks about how to defuse tensions
between Qatar and other Arab nations
when the door to the secured room at the
White House burst open the urgent
message Trump had just tweeted about
Qatar one advisor read the tweet aloud
and with that the policymakers in mid
conference call had no other choice but
to rework their plans to reflect the
president's tweeted assertion that Qatar
host to some 11 thousand US troops was
funding terrorism it was an accusation
against a close US ally that had never
been voiced so publicly and with such
indelicacy so whether or not you care
about American policy toward various
Middle Eastern countries and who we side
with and who we side against this was
just a strange moment in Trump
administration year one what was all
that about what was that big fast abrupt
turn against Qatar we've got this base
in Qatar its US policy to support Qatar
it's a u.s. policy specifically to try
to hold off other countries that are
giving Qatar a hard time and then the
president just do what 180 out of the
blue Hostel turn now we're gonna support
this blockade by Saudi Arabia and UAE
against Qatar why was that any number of
possibilities have since emerged it has
since emerged for example that Jared
Kushner's family real estate company had
repeatedly approached Qatar to try to
get hundreds of millions of dollars out
of them as financing for the Kushner
family real-estate business one approach
which the Kushner's reportedly worked on
for a couple of years was to a former
prime minister of Qatar and they thought
they were gonna get that one they
reportedly thought they were going to
get a half billion dollars from this
former Qatari Prime Minister but those
talks fell through early last year and
the former prime minister said
no president Trump's friend Tom Burak
was reportedly familiar with some of
those negotiations he since said
publicly that Jared's dad Charles
Kushner was quote crushed when the
Qatari former prime minister turned down
that request for funds they thought that
was gonna be a half a billion dollars
and then it was nothing the website the
intercept then reported on a second
meeting after the inauguration April
2017 once again between Jared's dad and
the Qataris but this time it was with
the serving finance minister of Qatar
the intercepts reporting was that
Jared's dad Charles Kushner had again
asked for a big Qatari investment in
Kushner family real estate hundreds of
millions of dollars and the intercept
reported that the Qataris again said no
turned Kushner down interesting Charles
Kushner just confirmed two days ago to
the Washington Post that in fact that
meeting in April 2017 between him and
the Qatari Finance Minister he just
confirmed for the first time that that
meeting did actually take place but he
has a different explanation for why that
meeting happened and what it was all
about he's now telling The Washington
Post that he didn't go to that meeting
to ask the Qataris for money he went to
that meeting to turn them down when they
were trying to give him money and he
didn't want it hmm quoting from the
Washington Post two days ago
Jared Coasters father Charles Kushner
met with cutters finance men at finance
minister three months after president
Trump's inauguration a meeting at the
st. Regis Hotel in New York City at
which funding for a financially troubled
Kushner family real estate project was
discussed however Charles Kushner said
he turned down possible funding he told
the Post quote even if they were they're
ready to wire the money we wouldn't have
taken it it seems a little awk I talked
is awkward the right word Kushner
companies would spend a couple of years
trying to get millions of dollars out of
cutter being crushed when they've been
turned down and then a couple months
later Qatar's ready to offer them more
money and the Kushner company's takes
the meeting just to say no we don't want
it we don't need it it's like it seems a
little seems strange but that's their
line they're sticking to it
you know it is bizarre to have to
consider the family real estate
interests of a White House adviser when
you're trying to figure out weird
American foreign policy decisions but
these are the times we're in now we are
in incredibly unusual times and there is
incredible practical overlap between the
Kushner family business and their
efforts to secure foreign financing for
their New York City real estate holdings
right there's there's incredible overlap
between that an ongoing international
effort and the countries that Jared
Kushner has been dealing with in a
foreign policy capacity since he became
a White House adviser because of that
overlap it however crazy it feels to
talk about it it's impossible to dismiss
out of hand the prospect that maybe the
reason the US government took this
radical and sudden unexplained turn
against Qatar it's because Qatar
wouldn't give Jared's family any money
when they asked for it and they wanted
it they thought they were gonna get it
and then they said no and then Jared and
his family are mad at Qatar and so then
it's US policy and all of a sudden be
against Qatar it's impossible but that's
what happened I mean maybe that's one
possibility maybe that is one potential
explanation if that's true that would be
an explanation about about money that
people inside the Trump administration
reportedly wanted but they were denied
well now tonight there is another
potential explanation from reporters
David Kirkpatrick and Mark Mazzetti in
the New York Times tonight and that
explanation is not about money being
denied to people in the White House it's
about money flowing into the White House
foreign money flowing in in great
quantities and this new reporting from
The Times derives from the robert muller
investigation just a couple of weeks ago
we got these seemingly out of the blue
new reports about a new cooperating
witness in the Moller investigation this
was also Mazzetti and Kirkpatrick's
reporting they introduced america to a
new guy a new figure in the Moller
investigation whose name hadn't been
widely previously known George Nader but
in the ensuing couple of weeks since
George nadir first got his name in the
paper we've all had to learn a lot about
him and it turns out he is linked to
some stuff that we had known about
before that didn't seem like it might
turn up in Muller's enquiries for
example mr. ney
was reportedly involved in that meeting
that took place during the presidential
transition in the Seychelle Islands this
is the meeting involving the founder of
Blackwater
Eric Prince who's the brother of
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos he's
also a major Trump donor that's a shell
meeting during the transition appeared
to be an effort to set up some sort of
back-channel communication between the
Trump transition and Vladimir Putin's
office Eric Prince was reportedly there
as an emissary from Trump and the head
of a Russian investment fund was
reportedly there as an emissary from
Putin this new cooperating witness for
the Moller investigation Jorge nadir was
reportedly involved not just in setting
up that meeting he was reportedly there
at that meeting so ok that's one way in
which he factors in we'd previously
heard about that meeting that makes
sense that a guy involved in setting up
that meeting would turn up but this new
reporting about this new character Jorge
nadir also brought up a whole bunch of
other brand new characters and dynamics
and storylines that we'd never heard
before
that we'd never heard about certainly
related to the Moller investigation
before these last couple of weeks
Jorge nadir is reportedly an advisor to
the the crown prince the de facto ruler
of UAE of United Arab Emirates Robert
Muller according to the New York Times
has been using Jorge nadir as a
cooperating witness in his investigation
because he's been looking at the
possibility that money has been flowing
into Donald Trump's political operation
from UAE from United Arab Emirates
that's a whole new idea for this scandal
Jorge nadir also turns out to be linked
to a man named Elliot Brady who you see
on the right there he was a colorful
figure already on the fringes of Trump
world
mr. Brady once pled guilty to a felony
bribery charge in New York in a very
famous scandal where he paid huge bribes
to New York State officials in order to
get business for his Wall Street firm
those whoa New York officials went to
jail he became a cooperating witness for
the government and initially pled guilty
to a felony later that was reduced to a
misdemeanor but he was the guy who paid
the bribes that made it a minor scandal
when Elliot Brody turned up as a major
Trump donor and then he was named a
deputy finance chairman of the RNC the
bribery guy
but but now in this Jorge Nader era that
we're in in this new era of Jorge Nader
related reporting here that same guy
Elliott Brady turns up as a defense
contractor he's a defense contractor now
I thought he was a Wall Street briber he
turns up as a defense contractor now who
has recently very recently received
hundreds of millions of dollars in
contracts from UAE from United Arab
Emirates arranged by his new friend
Jorge nadir who he just met at the Trump
inauguration boy that's a quick
turnaround Trump wasn't inaugurated all
that long ago you didn't know this guy
before the inauguration and now he just
set you up with hundreds of millions of
dollars in defense contracts how long
ago did you plead guilty to that felony
why is this Trump fundraiser this deputy
finance chair of the RNC a guy who
headlined a fundraiser for the president
which the president appeared at in
person just last week why is this guy
Elliott Brady all of a sudden getting
hundreds of millions of dollars from the
UAE and why is the robert muller
investigation investigating money
potentially flowing from the UAE into
president Trump's political operation
and why is the Moller investigations
latest cooperating witness a guy who is
an advisor to the government of the UAE
and as the Trump administration takes
this inexplicable hoard out of the blue
turn against UAE s arch enemy in the
Mideast Qatar does that have anything to
do with this strange new influence of
UAE in the Trump administration well the
New York Times sort of breaks this open
tonight quote mm-hmm a cooperating
witness in the Special Counsel
investigation worked for more than a
year to turn a top Trump fundraiser into
an instrument of influence at the White
House for the rulers of Saudi Arabia and
the United Arab Emirates citing
interviews and hundreds of pages of
correspondence between Jorge nadir and
Elliott Brady the time says what's
revealed here is quote an active effort
to cultivate President Trump on behalf
of Saudi Arabia and UAE these two
oil-rich Arab monarchies high on the
agenda
the two men George nadir and Elliott
Brady was pushing the White House to
remove Secretary of State Rex Tillerson
and to back a confrontational approach
to both Iran and Qatar Rex Tillerson of
course was fired last week
and the president has adopted tough
approaches to both Iran and Qatar quote
mr. nadir tempted the fundraiser Elliott
Brody with the prospect of more than 1
billion dollars in contracts for his
private security company and he helped
deliver deals worth more than two
hundred million dollars from the United
Arab Emirates
The Times has reportedly seen documents
not only supporting these huge contracts
which Nader has reportedly arranged in
very short order for this Trump
fundraiser they also described a 2.7
million dollar payment from Nader to
Brody through a variety of pass-through
companies now what these two were
reportedly working on according to their
correspondence was number one getting
rid of Rex Tillerson cheque number two
taking a hard hard new line against
Qatar cheque despite the fact that we've
got a base there with thousands of US
troops at it among other things the
Times reports that they also discussed
blocking a veteran US diplomat named Ann
Patterson from taking a top pentagon job
now the key question here is not just
whether these guys have been you know
able to get what they want out of the
Trump administration all sorts of people
get all sorts of things that they want
for all sorts of reasons that are more
or less legal right but if we're talking
about a foreign government paying for
those outcomes
that's very blatantly illegal and if
that's the case if a foreign government
has been paying off Trump administration
or top Republican party officials to get
what they want from the US government
you would need somebody close to that
scheme right you need somebody close to
the inside of that kind of an operation
to help prosecutors follow the money
well the other news that David
Kirkpatrick and Mark Mazzetti break in
the New York Times tonight is that not
only has Jorge Nader become a
cooperating witness for Robert Miller's
investigation according to the New York
Times tonight molars prosecutors have
just called him back for an additional
round of testimony Nader was apparently
overseas when they called him back
George Snyder's lawyer confirmed to us
today that Nader's been back in for
between the United States and United
Arab Emirates recently even has he's
been cooperating with molar molars
prosecutors reportedly called him back
from overseas for a second round of
testimony as of last week and they add
this crucially quote mr. nadir has been
granted immunity in a deal for his
cooperation with the special counsel I
believe this is the first time without
any reporting about Mueller's
investigators offering immunity to
anyone in exchange for something other
than a guilty plea joining us now is New
York Times Washington investigative
correspondent Mark Mazzetti one of the
reporters by lined on this scoop mr.
Mazzetti thank you very much for your
time tonight thank you so you and your
colleagues at the Times introduced me to
the concept of Georgia Nader in the
first place I feel like it's been a
couple of weeks where we've had a big
influx of reporting about him and we're
still trying to understand what role he
may be playing in this investigation
being carried out at the special
counsel's office let me ask you if I
screwed me thing up in that summary and
and what what you think is is most
important about this in the reporting no
it's pretty it was pretty thorough a
setup I think that what we report
tonight one of the most interesting
things is this sort of year-long
campaign of influence that was going on
with Georgia Nader and Elliot Brody to
steer the Trump administration on
critical issues of foreign policy in the
Middle East on Rex Tillerson on Qatar on
Iran basically how the Saudi Arabian
government and the Emirati government
used these two guys to try to influence
the Trump administration and in turn the
correspondent shows that Brody who's the
deputy RN seat finance chairman got very
rich with hundreds of millions of
dollars in contracts with these
governments now what's it legal here
obviously influence in Washington is
something that people pay a lot of money
to pursue through a lot of different
means if as seems clear in your
reporting at least see this seems clear
in the in the materials that you say
that you've reviewed if this was money
that may have come from the
government of United Arab Emirates
through this adviser to that government
mr. nadir being paid to people close to
the Trump administration is that
necessarily illegal right well the laws
about foreign lobbying and the influence
of foreign governments are are fairly
murky and as we're learning from the
Paul Manafort saga not often enforced
you know you have to register as a
foreign agent if you're taking money on
behalf of a foreign government and
you're directly lobbying but there's all
sorts of ways around these rules Eliot
Brody did not register as a foreign
agent for his work and he says in a
statement to us that he was not lobbying
on behalf of these governments he was
acting as a patriot and he believed in
these issues so he did not need to
register now there is clearly a real
gray area on these laws and what we're
also learning of course from the mana
fort
episode is that the government may take
a greater interest in this and maybe in
fact the Muller investigation may take a
greater interest in this last question
for you mark you report that mr. Nader
has been offered immunity in a deal for
his cooperation with the special counsel
as far as I know that's the first time
that we've heard of anybody being
offered immunity in this investigation
other than people who pled guilty in
federal court and it was formerly worked
out as part of their plea deal are we
clear that mr. mr. Nader hasn't been
charged is it possible that there's a
sealed indictment against him that he's
got some other legal entanglement here
with the Moller investigation or is this
just a straight cooperation for immunity
deal we believe it's straight
cooperation we believe that he is a
witness not a target of the
investigation as we reported he's being
called back for more questioning he is a
I don't want to say a central figure but
he is a seems to be an important witness
in this in this investigation not only
for questions about what happened before
the election before President Trump was
elected but what's been going on in the
first year of the administration in
terms of how foreign governments were
trying to influence the White House in
steering foreign policy New York Times
washing
an investigative correspondent mark
Mazzetti mark thank you for joining us
on short notice I know this just broke
tonight Thanks for writing for studio to
talk to us about it
all right lots going on tonight and
we've got a bunch more people here but
tonight for what has been a busy day of
news stay with us hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
