now is the mayor of New Orleans mayor
Landrieu who is currently the president
of the US Conference of Mayors mr. mayor
good to see you sir hey Chuck how are
you thanks for having me what'd you
learn about your city and the city that
your dad was mayor of when people you
thought would be allies in this weren't
so vocal and people would get death
threats and after wear bulletproof vests
in order to do this job what did that
tell you about your city well I actually
was proud of my city most of the people
in the city of New Orleans wanted these
monuments that come down the people of
New Orleans as you know after suffering
from Katrina were really resilient and
strong and we're pretty clear about what
we wanted to do and the overwhelming
majority of the people in New Orleans
wanted to do that we did have people
from outside of the city some within
most from outside of the state that
really thought that for some reason they
still controlled the property in and
around New Orleans what had told me
about the country and what had told me
about the south is that we still have
not reconciled the reason why the Civil
War was fought I thought it was really
important in the environment that we
were in for me as mayor the city of New
Orleans the mayor of a continuous
government that began in 1718 and we're
about to celebrate our 300th anniversary
to state clearly and unequivocally that
history has rendered its judgment and
that the Civil War was against humanity
the Confederacy was and that they fought
the water destroyed the country over the
cause of slavery that doesn't seem to me
to be a hard thing to be able to say
today but unfortunately for a lot of
people it is and I just thought it was
important as we prepared our city for
our 300th anniversary in its future that
we began to reconcile those issues
especially along the racial lines here
we are more than 150 years removed from
the end of the Civil War and there's
still this cloud over the south ok this
sense that the south is divided that the
south and look and the folks in the
south will say hey at least at least our
racial strife is out in the open you
folks in the north you you sweep it
under a rug but the point is racial
strife is still there
that's true but here's the thing
but the racial strife is still there
what will it take is it do we need the
generation of the 60s to be in the to go
to I mean what what is it going to take
for us to take the next step well
address both of the things that you said
first of all I'm a southerner I'm a
proud southern I love the South we are a
place of faith family and country and
wonderful people and great diversity and
and we don't really like the North
telling us that we're the only ones that
happen and clearly this nation suffers
across from east to west and from north
to south in the south though I believe
that we have a special responsibility to
speak forcefully to this issue you had
the great John Lewis on just a couple of
minutes ago who in my mind is a saint
and a great leader who has given us the
courage to continue to march towards
this aspiration that we call it a more
perfect union and what it's going to
take is us continuing to work together
to speak clearly that diversity is a
strength not a weakness that we need to
judge people in the United States of
America based on our behavior not on
lineage Don our race not I Creed not
color not what country we're from but on
our behavior that's the idea of America
and as you know this battle has been
going on for many many years and will
continue we've made great progress we
clearly have a long way to go in the
country at this moment seems to be
stepping back from this very important
notion this issue you always hear the
word culture sort of as the catch-all
term here right when it comes to it and
sometimes in that culture is the gun
issue we're about to have these protests
that are going to a big march in
Washington DC and around the country on
the gun issue this is something that
divides Democrats in the south it can
divide Southern Democrats from the rest
of the party what would you tell the
National Party on how to handle the gun
issue well I'll make a couple of
comments about it first of all the
Second Amendment is important I
recognize an individual's right to own
guns I'm from the south as you know
hunting is a part of our life we want to
be able to protect our homes but I think
it's clearly true that every
constitutional right is is available for
limited and responsible restrictions it
is clearly true and I think most
Americans agree that not every American
needs every kind of gun all the time to
do anything that they want and I think
that one of the things we have to do is
not disrespect individuals who want to
own guns
but really appeal to them to make sure
and they get this already that you have
to handle a gun responsibly and so
background checks outlawing bum stocks
really limiting who gets assault weapons
or weapons of war or things that most
Americans seem to agree with and I think
that we can come to some agreement on
that I am really proud of these young
men and women and the level of violence
on the streets of America relating to
guns is just incredible and it's
something that you know I want to bring
something up with you mister I wanna
bring up some of you that's that it's
sort of you know something that mayor's
have to deal with every day we bring a
lot of attention to mass shootings sure
we don't talk about the everyday
violence well why you talking to DC well
well I mean why you don't talk about it
but mayor's talk about this every day
there have been 600 they finish they
have been six hundred and thirty
thousand American citizens that have
been killed on the streets of America
since 1980 that is a catastrophic number
and every day 40 Americans lives are
taken so the mass shootings are painful
and critically important but so is the
day to day gun violence in America and
we have to address any of it then that's
what I want to ask you what is a policy
prescription that you think could help
start to curtail gun violence death in
just the city of New Orleans what do you
first of all we've been working on this
for eight years it is painfully hard one
of the things we don't even do in this
country which is just nonsense goes we
don't even do any any research on gun
violence so we don't know nearly as much
as we should so the first thing we ought
to start doing is doing research like we
would research a virus like Ebola we
have to treat treat gun violence like a
public health threat and a public safety
threat so the mayors of America have
laid out a 10-point plan for dealing
with public with violence in America
that goes from soup to nuts it deals
with the economy it deals with the
criminal justice system it deals with
limitation on who gets guns it deals
with investment in mental health and
substance abuse you got to put your
money where your mouth is you can't say
that you for dealing with mental health
and guns and then cut mental health
institutions or drug addiction treatment
that just doesn't make any sense and the
mayors of America have been speaking
forcefully us and the finally the
federal government cannot cut funds for
first responders which is what they've
done by 88 percent since 1996 so if we
want to get serious about this we have
to put our money and our purpose and our
idea
where I mouth is mayor Landrieu
unfortunately I'm out of time I have
17,000 more questions actually including
that when you're gonna go to Iowa I'll
come back time when you're going to in
New Hampshire but we'll save that
we'll say that I promise anyway Thank
You Harry thanks for coming in Johnny
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
