let me turn down to turn to Mike McFaul
II of course served as US ambassador to
Russia under President Obama and as an
NBC News national affairs analyst so
ambassador let me just dive right in
here I have a bit of a satellite delay
so we may be pinging each other back and
forth since you're in California but
very quickly here the president pushed
back today in a tweet saying hey what's
wrong
Obama called to congratulate and I know
you were there for that and he just
wants to there's too many things that we
have to work with Russia on and he
thinks everybody's making too much of
this what say you well at 30,000 feet I
agree with president from that
president's Democrats and Republicans
over the decades have had to deal with
people that we wouldn't call our friends
I'd have to deal with enemies right and
so you have to make these calls you have
to engage the problem that the president
has is I think he's just kind of flawed
theory about diplomacy that if he's nice
to Putin and he says these appeasing
things about him that he's gonna do
right by us that he's gonna stop doing
all these things that you were just
describing discussing with with Senator
King and I'm willing to test that
proposition but so far it's not working
mr. president and often times in history
with autocrats with leaders in the
Kremlin before during the Cold War you
had to be tough with them you had to
push back with them you had to contain
them you had to show that you were
willing to push back and not just try to
seek agreement on things and that I
think is where Trump fundamentally
doesn't understand the nature of Putin
in his regime all right I want to ask
you though on this idea you've got
Brennan you've you've heard it you've
heard from Brennan you've got morale you
have clapper general McCaffrey and I
want to throw in one more set of facts
here the president has had tough words
for the London mayor called him a
pathetic excuse hit for a UK prime
minister Theresa May for not focusing on
radical Islamic terror obviously has
been tough on Kim jong-un refused
appeared to refuse to shake uncle of
Merkel's hand he's not shy about
criticizing other world leaders except
one
do you think he's been compromised Chuck
I don't know you and I have been talking
about this for a long time I think
there's circumstantial evidence to
suggest that that might be one of the
hypotheses for explaining this truly
extraordinary you know a set of facts
that you just described and I want to
add to that that if you go back
Democrats and Republicans for decades
President Trump is also uniquely the
only one that has never criticized the
Kremlin leader right so there's
something really really extraordinary
going on here but I'm not prepared to
say that I know yet that there is
compromising material that is causing
him to behave in this way what do our
allies hear especially in Western Europe
we're trying to keep them together when
it comes to it when it comes to the well
actually no maybe not they're trying to
keep us in the Iran deal yes our Western
alliances yeah where our Western a lot
what are they hearing in Western Europe
when Angela Merkel has to deal with
Putin and just trying to push back
you've got Prime Minister may who's
getting pressure frankly from multiple
sides on trying to get tougher with
Russia considering not just the
poisoning but there's been a lot of
concern about election hacking by them
as as far as the brakes of votes is
concerned what do they hear when this
president doesn't confront Putin
publicly there your weakness let's just
call it for what it is they like what
they hear from the Trump administration
with regard to Russia and that
disconnect is also truly extraordinary
and unique that that the Trump
administration's policy towards Russia
is not so bad in my view but Trump
himself doesn't endorse it I'm a bigger
fan of the Trump administration's policy
towards Russia than president Trump is
and when you have that dismay when you
have him Mike didn't we have that didn't
we have that in the reverse with Russia
when when when you and the president
would talk about the great relationship
with Medvedev oh don't worry about Prime
Minister Putin but look at all the stuff
we're getting done with President
Medvedev
well we did get stuff done let's let's
talk about that so we engaged President
Medvedev he was the president
we signed a START treaty we got new
sanctions on Iran we got new supply
routes to Afghanistan so that we could
go into Pakistan and kill Osama bin
Laden those are very concrete things
that advanced America's national
interest what's striking about President
Trump and his engagement with with Putin
is I can't think of a single thing that
he's gotten out of that relationship
that advances America's national
interest so that's a big difference
Mike McFaul I'm gonna leave it there
former ambassador Russia always
interesting to get your point of view
much appreciated sir hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
