my favorite part of the show you know it
money power politics major developments
on Cambridge analytical the political
data firm with very close ties to the
Trump campaign that secretly obtained
data for more than 50 million Facebook
users the company has suspended its CEO
Alexander Nix after a series of
investigative reports revealing him
discussing potentially bribing and
entrapping political opponents for his
clients his suspension is pending with
the company sense will be a full
independent investigation meanwhile the
Mercer family that backs Cambridge
analytic they are hanging tight on the
board and NBC's UK partner ITN Channel
four News has released a new batch of
clips from it's hidden camera interview
with Nicks in which he brags about the
scale of Cambridge analyticals work for
the Trump campaign listen have you met
mr. Drummond many times the data items
as for Facebook lawmakers on the hill
will grill company representatives for
the second day today demanding answers
on how Cambridge analytical was able to
obtain private information from tens of
millions of Facebook users to company
officials lawmakers will not be meeting
with the only two that the world is
known for all of these years
the two who have run victory laps and
who have been the public face of the
company CEO Mark Zuckerberg and CEO oh
Sh Errol Samberg both have both have yet
to lean into this and make a statement
on the massive data breach but according
to Axios Zuckerberg is expected to break
his silence in the next 24 hours I want
to bring in at Tony Rahm Tech policy
reporter for The Washington Post and
back with me Betsy Woodruff okay Tony
Axio says Mark Zuckerberg remarks today
will be aimed at rebuilding trust so
first of all yesterday it was top
billing all day there was going to be an
All Hands meeting for all Facebook
employees to voice their concerns ask
questions and I get the meeting was led
by a lawyer given how complicated this
is but it was all hands with no heads
Cheryl and Mark nowhere to be seen and
rebuilding trust just seems like a
really soft phrase like community
engagement which is one that they love
this ain't about rebuilding trust or
community engagement this is serious
business yeah you know All Hands is a
great way to describe the situation at
Facebook right now because this is a
serious issue for the company just look
at its stock price right now it's
fluctuated pretty dramatically it's lost
billions of dollars as a result of the
reports about Cambridge analytic oh
excuse me but you know there's mounting
pressure on Capitol Hill right now from
Mark Zuckerberg to be the one that shows
up and answers questions from lawmakers
they're going to send top aides here to
brief members of Congress and their
staff about what exactly happened and
what data landed in the hands of
Cambridge analytic abut you're just
hearing member after member saying it's
time for Zuckerberg to testify and on
the company's part Facebook has declined
repeatedly to say if it'll make Marc
available for public questioning okay
this is one thing I don't get Axios
who's reporting the behind-the-scenes
Zuckerberg is having detailed
conversations with product engineers
and seeing what can be done to make
Facebook more secure
baloney they had this Cambridge
relationship with Cambridge analytical
for years
this incident is years old Zuckerberg is
well aware of how this company operates
because Facebook itself collects our
personal data and uses it to try to get
advertisers brands and all sorts of
companies to buy into it so what are
this is a nonsense narrative to say
Zuckerberg is really talking to
engineers well remember exactly how we
got here
Cambridge analytic Oh is working with
the researcher who put together an app
that app was essentially a personality
quiz about two hundred and seventy
thousand users on Facebook used that app
and in the process of using it they
consented to have information about
their friends turned over to Cambridge
analytical that was a thing that many
app developers many third-party app
developers took advantage of at Facebook
until Facebook changed its policy in
2014 and 2015 so to your point
advertisers and even folks ahooo working
with President Barack Obama's campaign
back in the day we're taking advantage
of some of these data gathering tools
that are no longer in affected Facebook
but there are some legal issues at stake
here
remember that Federal Trade Commission a
broker to settlement with Facebook back
in 2011 for essentially misleading
consumers about its privacy practices
and now because of the allegations we
have here with Cambridge analytic the
FTC has reopened that probe to see if
Facebook violated two settlements and if
it finds that it has we can be talking
about millions and millions of dollars
of fines levied on Facebook in the
coming months okay Betsy you've got new
reporting for the dip for The Daily
Beast on how Cambridge reacted to the
hack DNC emails what can you tell us
that's right I can tell you that on July
29th so a few days before President
Trump essentially asked the Russians to
release hacked material from Hillary
Clinton's campaign that one Cambridge
analytic a staff are emailed a group of
people on a chain discussing some of the
work that they were doing essentially
celebrating these hacks and saying that
they hoped tax continued and that they
hope that there would be more
information released that would
increasingly fracture Hillary Clinton's
base so Cambridge analytical
understanding
way that these hacks affected how
Democratic Party politics were playing
out it's something that was not a
mystery to them now of course the
Cambridge analytic a piece of this story
is obviously vital but as Tony was
hinting at Facebook here is is going
through a major crisis and to speak to a
point you made earlier
look Facebook has said that they won't
necessarily make a Zuckerberg available
to testify for Congress that's also
baloney Congress has the peanut power if
Mark Warner or Chuck Grassley or one of
the Republican chairs of a congressional
committee wants to subpoena Zuckerberg
to testify they could Facebook doesn't
get to decide whether or not their
executives sit down in front of in front
of leaders in Washington one thing
that's interesting that speaks to the
power of these tech companies is that I
believe it was last year there was a big
congressional hearing about the
technology companies in the way that
they interacted with Russian meddling
and none of their CEOs were there they
sent in their lawyers we made ten
companies can get away with it I mean
Mark Zuckerberg and Sheryl Sandberg are
household names most Americans know
exactly who they are and who their faces
are and we were all excited for that
testimony last year and they rocked up
with people we've never seen and we've
never heard of I know we've got to leave
it there but I do want to point out that
while the White House is sort of
distancing itself from Cambridge
analytic a most people who've never even
heard Jared Kushner speak the one
interview I recall him doing last year
at Forbes magazine he was happy to say
how closely they worked with Cambridge
analytic and what a good job they did
remember that guys thank you we're gonna
leave it there
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
