President Trump spoke with Russia's
leader yesterday morning two days after
Putin was reelected to a fourth term as
president and amid rapidly escalating
tensions with the West after Moscow
tried to assassinate and ex Pi in the UK
here is that sound again I had a call
with President Putin and congratulated
him on the victory his electoral victory
the call had to do also with the fact
that we will probably get together in
the not-too-distant future so that we
can discuss arms we can discuss the arms
race as you know he made a statement
that being in an arms race is not a
great thing that was right after the
election one of the first statements he
made we had a very good call and I
suspect that we'll probably be meeting
in the not-too-distant future to discuss
the arms race which is getting out of
control but we will never allow anybody
to have anything even close to what we
have and also to discuss Ukraine and
Syria and North Korea and various other
things so I think probably we'll be
seeing President Putin in the
not-too-distant future
we learned mica that the call came
despite specific and stern warnings not
to congratulate Putin from top members
of trumps national security team
officials familiar with the call tell
The Washington Post that included in the
president's briefing materials was in
all capitals the quote do not
congratulate also reportedly included
talking points for how the president
should condemn the poisoning in the UK
of a British spy excuse me of a former
Russian spy which Trump also decided not
to do Russian election interference
related to either the 2016 presidential
election or the upcoming midterm
elections also was not discussed
nevertheless the White House says the
call was quote very good look we're
gonna continue to maintain the position
that we've had and be tough when
necessary at the same time we want to
continue to have dialogue so that we can
work on some of the issues that comes
both countries does the White House
believe that the election in Russia was
free and fair in terms of the election
there were focused on our elections we
don't get to dictate how other countries
operate what we do know is that Putin
has been elected in their country and
that's not something that we can dictate
to them how they operate we can only
focus on the freeness and the fairness
of our elections why isn't the president
the White House believe that's something
that they should be discussing with the
Russian leader I didn't say that we
couldn't discuss it with the Russian
leader I said it didn't come up on
today's call press secretary also was
asked if the President had made similar
congratulatory calls to other world
leaders including to our closest allies
did the president make the similar call
to Chancellor Angela Merkel who has just
formed a new government and assumed her
fourth mandate in Berlin I know he spoke
with a Chancellor I believe it was last
week
I'd have to look back at the specific
details of their conversation but I know
that they spoke well within the last
week Josh earnest you've stood at that
very podium many times over the years
there's so much to unpack in there if
you go back to Sarah Sanders first
soundbite where she was twisting herself
in knots to suggest the Russian election
was maybe fair or she wouldn't say it
wasn't fair despite everything we know
about how elections these days are
conducted in Russia President Obama made
a phone call to President Putin in March
of 2012 he also congratulated President
Putin obviously we didn't have the
backdrop of Russians interfering in a
presidential election why do you think
this time was different
well we'll it was remarkable to to see a
spokesperson from the president it√≠d
States in a position where there she's
actually putting herself in a position
where she is trying to defend the
conduct of elections in Russia it's it
is extraordinary and so I think the the
attention that this soundbite has
received is is warranted in this case
there are a couple of things that are
different about mr. Trump's about
President Trump's call to Vladimir Putin
there were different than 2012 I mean
you obviously point out it doesn't come
against the backdrop
the election meddling you also don't
have a president I say President Obama
was somebody who is actually interested
in strengthening NATO President Trump is
somebody who has actually gone around
criticizing our NATO allies and in some
cases actually putting distance between
us and our NATO allies and including
with regard to this specific poisoning
of a Russian spy in their former Russian
spy in Britain so you know this this
backdrop in the circumstances always
matter I'll tell you we're Lee I
actually remember that phone call from
2012 and there was some internal
gnashing of teeth about the fact that
President Obama did call to congratulate
him among among the president's
communication staff but what also
happened Willy was he had a statement
from the State Department raising
legitimate concerns about the way that
that that election was conducted and
about the broader human rights situation
inside of Russia so even though the
president United States in 2012 in a
very different circumstance wasn't a
position of congratulating Vladimir
Putin
we've still found a channel we still did
found a mechanism for raising our
serious concerns about the conduct of
that election the Trump administration
has as for whatever reason
apparently not done that instead what
you've had is you've got senior national
security officials in the White House
taking matters into their own hands to
the raise their own concerns even over
apparently the objections of the
president support Josh furnish what you
don't see is me and cat very smiling
mockingly because you are the most
polite person to ever grace this set you
call it rather remarkable that was the
most painful rest breathing I have ever
seen in my life
do I have you had given that press oh
like what guy suspect you would job
question as whether the Russia election
was free and fair and and what you saw
was edited for television so because we
don't have a lot of time she actually
she asked the reporter to repeat the
question so she could spend some time
thinking about exactly how to BS her way
out of it and not tell the truth well
she's but she could please her boss and
not the country let's hear more from
Sarah Sanders think about it this way
take a look is it the president's
intention to meet with Latimer
dc's kim jeong-hoon or makes a decision
on the Iran nuclear deal again we don't
have any specific plans laid out at this
time
did the president not raise the issue of
Russian election meddling in that phone
call I don't believe it came up on this
specific call do the recent poisoning
and the United Kingdom come up in the
car I don't believe that was discussed
in today's call the top of the religious
liberty come up at all of the Crown
Prince today the president bring that up
at all I don't believe that came up but
I'd have to check on the last half of
the meeting to be sure because I wasn't
there I did the president bring up these
concerns about high civilian casualties
in his meeting with the Crown Prince
today I'm not aware that that came up
specifically again I'd have to check on
the last half of the meeting because I'm
not sure okay head exploding aside kETK
this is a serious time when you have a
press secretary averting the truth I
mean so clearly doing so many things
that I mean it was painful to watch
painful for the country yeah we have a
number of incidents between Russia and
the West at the moment and between Saudi
Arabia and the crown prince was also
there and there was a reference there to
that meeting too and the West at the
moment none of which it seems the
president thought were important issues
to raise during the course of a phone
call with Vladimir Putin and a meeting
with the crown prince of Saudi Arabia
the situation in Yemen the situation in
Syria the situation in the UK with the
spy who has been poisoned oh and that
small issue of the fact that Russia
meddled in the American election for
Donald Trump none of that the president
seems to have thought was worth raising
which leaves the question what did he
talk about it's baffling what did they
talk about it's it's really at this
point President Trump
apparently prioritizes his personal
rapport with world leaders over
everything else including the basic
fundamental policy national security
interests of the United States he's in a
situation where he does he's
uncomfortable criticizing them in
private now to learn that that does not
always reap rewards because he did that
was Xi Jinping there was a huge big love
fest at the beginning and actually now
he's turned against the Chinese on
tariffs and on North Korea he doesn't
feel they've been helpful enough and so
you
think that in the context of that
relationship he might think times of
foon actually making super pally with
somebody might not get us the results we
need because they have different
national security interests from our own
yeah but I don't think that he's
actually saying those things when he
talks to Xi Jinping now he's saying
these things publicly about tariffs he's
saying these things about North Korea I
don't think he raises them in personal
conversations and you know this is this
is a function of somebody who does not
have any sort of experience in managing
these kinds of relationships he doesn't
have the strength or character to go on
the world stage and represent the United
States to defend us in person to these
other world leaders it's it's very
troubling there you go Josh earnest
Willie jump in yeah Michael Steele I
wanted to point out to Josh's earlier
point that the State Department did come
out yesterday and say in in much tougher
language than did President Trump
because there's no language from
President Trump saying it's no surprise
that Vladimir Putin won and talked about
state controlled media and the
suppression of other candidates and all
those things so the State Department at
least didn't come out and say it was no
surprise but to me this idea that the
national security that the closest
national security advisors would walk
away from that phone call pick up the
phone and call the Washington Post and
explain in great detail what were in the
briefing notes the all-caps do not
congratulate we told him to condemn the
poisoning of a former Russian spy in the
UK and he wouldn't do it
that tells you so much about what's
happening in the White House right now
yeah the the not just the morale but the
the way people do their jobs and how
they must do their jobs to protect
themselves in those jobs is paramount
there is this sense of of being alone on
an island a lot of times you go to the
president the president has limited the
the way he's briefed the kind of
information he's getting so they're not
even really able to sort of lay out the
backstory the intricacies and the
nuances of these relationships and why
we're telling the president not to
communicate a certain way why we're
telling the president not to
congratulate Putin at this time he
doesn't he doesn't care about any of
that
so for these civil servants and and
these men and women in these roles they
then want to make sure that the rest of
us know we did
we're supposed to do we know what was
supposed to have happened and so we want
to make it very clear but it also speaks
I think really to an underlying issue
that has pervaded pervasive throughout
the administration is that it isn't
every man or woman for himself and in
that environment is one quite frankly
that the president has stoked fermented
and accelerated in many respects he
likes that kind of conflict he gets
annoyed when people leak but you create
the environment for leaking what do you
expect alright we've got so much news
still to cover this morning top Senate
Republicans are warning that President
Trump could be impeached if he fires Bob
Muller we haven't even gotten to that
we're following the breaking news out of
Austin Texas the serial bomber has been
neutralized
killed by authorities will be monitoring
what's going on there and bring you the
latest developments also the nor'easter
that's headed our way
also the three women who are ramping up
legal pressure against Donald Trump why
they're salacious sex stories matter
we'll be right back thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
