welcome back everyone joining us now
live from Washington DC with a look at
axises M national political reporter for
Axios Jonathan Swan Jonathan good to
have you with us this morning give it to
us what is access is one big thing for
this morning well president Trump and
some of his senior aides stunned and in
some cases genuinely rattled by that
Washington Post story yesterday which
was an incredible leak from what is
really a small group of officials who
can who see Trump's briefing materials
his seat his national security advisers
told him not to congratulate Vladimir
Putin on his electoral success they also
advised him to raise the issue of the
nerve agent attack and Russians Russia's
nefarious activities in the in the
electoral system he did none of that he
congratulated Putin officials are now
there is already a tense atmosphere in
there suspicion hostility among aides
and this is just inflamed that situation
inside the West Wing so picking up on
that what has been the reaction to the
leak within the West Wing given that the
backdrop that you just outlined some of
the reaction is unprintable both because
it was off the record and because so
many expletives were involved but there
will be a I mean this is really one of
the most shocking from their perspective
one of the most shocking leaks that's
occurred for a long time certainly under
the Kelley era this reminds me of some
of the early administration leaks that
came out from foreign leader phone calls
we've had a bit of a hiatus of that but
you know this again there there are
aides who don't trust their colleagues
and this just in flames all of that
internally it also reveals the level of
which aides are concerned about the
president because this is to liq
something like this you are risking your
job and it shows that there are at least
some national security aides that
believe what the president is doing in
his personal relationship with Putin is
so bad in their minds that it's worth
coming out and risking their their jobs
by doing this yeah especially when
you're only one of a handful of people
who may have been privy to that
information and those briefing notes as
you mentioned let me ask you this really
quickly though could the way that Trump
so nonchalantly disclosed his meeting
with Putin back
fire on him well I think it already is
backfiring on him in the sense that you
do see extraordinary leaks like this
happening I'm told by senior aides that
the president Trump the one line he
won't cross is his personal rapport with
Putin even as the Russians use
soviet-era nerve agents to terrorize a
city in Britain even as they have the
elections and their revelations that
they penetrate the u.s. aleko energy
grid President Trump will allow his
administration to put out statements he
will allow sanctions to be approved in
some cases he's even allowed lethal
weapons to go to Ukraine something Obama
didn't but the one thing he will not do
is confront Vladimir Putin directly
because he still believes that there is
this line to some you know better
personal relationship that could improve
the overall relationship to US and
Russia obviously a lot of his aides
disagree with him on that yeah
fascinating insight all into the West
Wing this morning Jonathan Swan live for
us in Washington DC we're going to be
reading actually salmon just a little
bit appreciate you getting that out to
all of our readers in the newsletter in
their inboxes this morning
