we have a new breaking story tonight
that I want to just give you a chance to
respond to that Steve Bannon oversaw
Cambridge analytical's collection of
Facebook data according to the former
employee the whistleblower who said that
Bannon who sat on the board of that
company was sort of overseeing a lot of
their actions that he he oversaw and
sort of gave the green light to this big
kind of data scraping that Cambridge
analytic Adil has them in trouble with
UK regulators I mean I can't speak to
their kind of direct line of control
when it came to harvesting that Facebook
data obviously but you know Steve Bannon
was part of the reason why Steve Bantam
was interested in Cambridge analytical
was because of the kinds of models that
they were testing the kind of
psychographic models that they were
testing the only way to ensure that they
were they might be effective and to
ensure that they were able to test
messaging which we know that they were
doing early on to you know things like
drain the swamp the only way to really
decide whether or not that messaging
could be effective was if they had a
large pool of data to work with so
certainly you could imagine there would
have been the desire for that data to be
available now Steve Brannon we know was
in you know talks with Wiley in 2013 20
by 2014
you know Robert Mercer was involved
backing it by that point Steve balance
of vice-president of Cambridge
analytical so certainly you know he is a
presence within the the new entity the
new u.s. entity Cambridge analytical at
the time that Wiley is discussing hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
