tonight a new woman is suing to speak
out about her links to Donald Trump she
argues she deserves the right to speak
out about her history and her name
his Karen McDougal you see her here she
is a former Playboy model and she
previously has suggested she had a
10-month relationship with Trump dating
to 2006 now like stormy Daniels she did
sign an arrangement a deal that would
include her silence on the issue but
tonight her new suit says that she was
quote tricked into signing it while
being misled as to its contents
including by her own lawyer and this
move comes amidst another new report
that stormy Daniels actually passed a
2011 lie-detector test about her claims
about her links to Trump this newly
released test tonight says she passed it
while asserting that she had quote
intercourse with Donald Trump and she
discussed her claim that Trump offered
her to get on The Apprentice also a
third woman in the news tonight former
apprentice contestant summer servos has
a defamation suit and a judge greenlit
it today
she had accused Trump of groping her in
2007 Donald Trump has denied all three
sets of those allegations but as he
faces this mounting pressure for Muller
in a criminal probe were also tonight
seeing years of these different
allegations from different places all
arriving to hit him today in civil court
note that each of these allegations
began years ago it was 2006 there that
you see stormy Daniels alleges she got
her payments for not discussing that
relationship that's the same year 2006
you see in the middle where summer
servos alleges Trump groped her today
it's stormy Daniels lawyer who says
Donald Trump was in on all of this mr.
Trump has been fully aware you allege
does that mean
you have evidence a reason to believe he
was aware of the threat against miss
Daniels
yes that's new that's in the now
category if you look in the middle this
was the news breaking today that this
suit from mcdougal would go forward
right here on MSNBC a former Playboy
model who claims she had an affair with
Donald Trump suit on
Tuesday to be released from a 2016 legal
agreement requiring her silence that
suit implicates Trump and his lawyer
Michael Cohen it's technically against
ami the publisher of the National
Enquirer and then you look to the right
side of your screen where also and we
didn't plan it this way but the news
breaks today a judge ruling that
apprentice contestants summer services
suit is not frivolous and it will also
go forward and go to court with me on
these stories Vox mediate Liz plank The
Wall Street Journal shall be holidays
uncovering this story and Gloria Allred
who represents some reserve O's I want
to turn to you Liz because you said
something on this show a while ago that
got some attention that it might be an
adult film actress who ultimately
outsmarts Donald Trump how do you take
that point and extend it to these other
stories that are all just happened to be
breaking tonight right I mean it's only
fitting that a president who spent so
much of his time in office trying to
control women's bodies that he might go
down because he isn't able to control
his body and that is honestly the best
case scenario right in this in all of
these stories not all of them but the -
you know involving adult film stars is
that he had affairs with these women
right that he's a cheating peg that's
the best case scenario right now the
worst case scenario is that you know we
don't know what these women know that
Donald Trump doesn't want us to know we
know that there is you know possibly a
threat of violence coming from the
president or someone you know that the
president sort of connected to the
president we've now you know there's a
possibility of a felony if he did use
campaign funds to pay off some of these
women so we have to a lot of people are
saying why is this story important
because we don't know what the story is
well you put it that way the MacDougal
suit is brand-new I was just reading
through it while running from different
MSNBC sets to set today and one of the
claims she make is election-related
another I want to read to you because I
think it builds on the point you just
said because she argues that she was
misled that she was fraudulently induced
and she says she didn't realize she'd
end up treated as a puppet by powerful
men colluding to achieve their own
financial and political
Shelby and it is different than some of
the other suits because we're learning
through her suit in these allegations
which I know are disputed the allegation
that the National Enquirer and these
other publications were basically in
cohort or in concert with Michael Cohen
Trump's longtime lawyer to silence her
while tricking her into thinking that
she was going to be signing a publishing
deal right and the president denies
these allegations as you said but what
so what's so important about this story
is not just that it's another voice not
just that it's another lawsuit not just
that it's another credible person who
people will start to believe when it
comes to Donald Trump's treatment of
women but it's amazing politically
because when you look back on the
campaign the president and his team
organized this big strategy to respond
to the Access Hollywood tape and even
bragged about their response that it
worked the voters didn't care that
people elect a Donald Trump anyway that
is coming back to bite them big time
right now as they're they're trying to
fend off multiple suits people close to
the president or close to his campaign
say the reason they're going so hard
after stormy Daniels and seeking 20
million dollars saying she breached her
contract 20 different times is because
they don't want other women to come
forward if they allow her to come
forward that was a theory that was that
was a theory that was bubbling you do
you look in this new suit from Karen
McDougal as evidence that that theory
adds up yes and I think a lot of voters
who are raising their eyebrows like is
this the beginning we're nowhere near
the end and what else will we see and I
think to Liz's point what's extremely
important is can the president be
blackmailed and what is Michael Cohen's
role in covering things up so you
mentioned courting questions
you mentioned the strategy during the
campaign I want to look at what Donald
Trump claimed he would do and as is
often the case I'm showing this video
not because it's true but because it
turned out to be false Donald Trump
appealing to voters by suggesting he
would drag these women accusers to court
in fact he's been dragging them legally
as a Friday out of court and into
arbitration here was Donald Trump on the
campaign trail every woman lied when
they came forward to hurt my campaign
total fabrication
the events never happened never all of
these Liars will be sued after the
election is over none of them were sued
I turn to Gloria Allred who's
represented many women in and out of
court in what we know to be a difficult
situation your view of why that
statement proved false and the wider
significance of these cases tonight well
only of course president Trump can say
why he said what he said but I do want
to also add that I think there was a
suggestion that Karen McDougal who I do
not represent might have been an adult
film star and I don't believe that she
is she was in Playboy was a playboy but
not you know not pornographic material
so having said that you know I think
that these women obviously that is MS
mcdougal and MS Daniels would like to be
able to share what their story is they
have set forth the reasons in their
lawsuit and you know there are many many
women who just refused to be silenced
anymore they want to stand up they want
to tell what their truth is and they
feel that the arbitration clauses that
they were that they entered that were in
their arbitration agreements their
non-disclosure settlement agreements you
know should be challenged so a court
will decide whether or not there is a
basis for that challenge or whether
their disputes need to be in arbitration
usually what happens and I've done
thousands of confidential settlements in
the 42 years that I've been practicing
law I just did some last week but
generally there'll be a motion to compel
arbitration by the defendant and then
the court will decide whether or not
it's going to go and be decided by an
arbitrator in a confidential arbitration
or whether or not it can remain in
County Superior Court state court and be
decided in public what do you think is
better I always think it's better for a
jury to decide
and for a judge in a public forum in a
public venue aside but often in exchange
for money the plaintiff will agree to
the arbitration clause if she does not
she will not receive payment for her
client this this dovetails back to what
what Liz was discussing which is you
believe for women in these situations
it's better to be an open court a lot of
voters even at Trump rallies apparently
believe it's better to be open court in
open court too because non Trobe didn't
go out there and say you know what I'm
gonna do I'm so sure I'm right I'm gonna
sneak a binding arbitration clause
provision into a footnote so no one will
ever really know what happened he didn't
say that he very blatantly as we showed
said I'm gonna take him to court so
there's something going on here that's
broader which is even Trump supporters
think that would be a good thing what
happens when they learn over time that
there are so many cases where he's
fighting not to win in court and and and
does that mean you're not a winner which
I you know I know that's a big
absolutely reddening thing to hear maybe
he's not a winner here right and that's
that's the last thing he wants to be
seen as right and and it's also informed
to put all this into context there's is
a really big historical context of
Donald Trump paying women to be silent
even you know in his divorce deal with
Ivana Trump he basically there was a gag
full on gag order she wished she could
not speak about you know anything
related to him and when in her
deposition during the divorce she
basically you know said the Donald Trump
raped her and then a reporter reported
on that deposition Donald Trump's lawyer
just crafted a statement that basically
said that that wasn't true and even in
his divorce with Marla maples there was
the same sort of gag order and in 1999
when he said that he wanted maybe to run
for president she said it will be my
responsibility to speak out about his
character and tell the American public
what he's really like and she felt then
she stopped getting her alimony payments
and those are and those are hotly
contested and I should note of course
several of these cases including the two
that we're reporting on tonight two of
them don't allege non-consensual eyes I
have to say that but she'll be on the
politics broadening out there are a lot
of folks who say well whatever you
this was litigated and when you talk
about the avenue of consensual
allegations whatever one thinks
privately this was something a lot of
Democrats defended Bill Clinton for to
the max do the politics of this having
covered the law in your view matter do
they hurt Trump in any way or not at
this point when you look at excuse me
when you look at polls it's a very
polarized electorate if you can believe
it Republicans tend not to believe the
stories of these women at this point
Democrats do I do think the issue of the
treatment of women is a big deal for
voters both on the left and the right
and that will play out over concern and
a lot of people in the national security
community are really just shocked by
this because not only is the president
dealing with lawsuits the Russia
investigation and now these lawsuits but
also he's firing people in his cabinet
he's threatening tariffs against China
he might be meeting with North Korea's
leader there's a lot of uneasiness
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
