senator you and I've been talking about
this for more than a week about your
particular concerns about Brett
Kavanaugh you filed a motion in federal
court today in in DC asking for an order
requiring the disclosure of details
around the 100,000 withheld records of
Brett Kavanaugh his time in the White
House this is separate and part you
started this before these allegations
about Christine Blasi Ford came out
there your your concern as a senator is
that you still don't have enough
information about Brett Kavanaugh how do
you where do you stand on this now where
we stand right now is that the the judge
in the case has ordered the the White
House to respond to the demand for the
records our request was for the courts
to compel the White House to deliver a
hundred thousand pages that have been
marked presidential privilege with no
justification no explanation no index of
what standards been met that would
provide a constitutional screen for this
or test for this this is a case of the
president intervening in the ability of
the Senate to review the record of his
nominee we have never seen this type of
action before it's a gross violation of
separation of powers and none of us in
the Senate can do our job if we haven't
seen those records let me put aside the
allegations of sexual assault if if you
were concerned that you wanted to see
these hundred thousand documents some of
which pertained to Brett Kavanaugh his
time in the White House to understand
his ideology or anything he was involved
in of a partisan nature does Brett
Kavanaugh testimony the other day again
putting aside sexual assault allegations
his to his discussion and his
temperament around partisan issues give
you pause well it does if it's a pattern
he was he was brought in to be a kind of
an attack dog against President Clinton
that shows a very partisan prejudicial
role that it's unsuitable for a judge
plus when he was confirmed in 2006 for
his current position there are a number
of things that he said that have turned
out not to be accurate he had claimed he
wasn't involved in certain discussions
over certain nominees and yet yet he was
he claimed he didn't know about the
stolen democratic records from the
Senate and it turned out he received
them
and so when you see that kind of
misrepresentation then and then you
combine it with all of the whoppers he
told in his testimony last week you have
a real picture of someone who basically
is not honest and is extremely partisan
and used the words what goes around
comes around so he is promising
retaliation every bit of this makes him
unsuited to serve in that beautiful
Supreme Court building you I'm trying to
do the map on when someone like you
who's not on the Judiciary Committee is
going to see the report because it
starts with chuck grassley date o'clock
Dianne Feinstein at nine o'clock then
Republicans on the Judiciary Committee
at ten Democrats at eleven and then I
guess after that senators like you get
to see it what are you looking for in
the FBI report here's what's absurd
we've been told there's only going to be
one copy and so essentially a hundred
senators would have to line up
sequentially this is yet another gross
violation of any sense of fairness and
and access why does that even make sense
it makes no sense at all and and I
certainly hope they'll reconsider
because you have a hundred senators who
should go read this material and quite
frankly none of us really expect to see
much of value the president said that he
wanted a very thorough very
comprehensive review that's what he said
to the public but behind the scenes he
apparently put a huge limitations on it
that many many dozens of individuals who
had information they wanted to share
with the FBI have not been contacted to
share that information even though they
had contacted the FBI so we're looking
at what looks like a significant
cover-up of in in lieu of having an
actual thorough comprehensive FBI
investigation senator Merkley perhaps we
will talk tomorrow thank you for joining
us thank you thank you for joining us
thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
