from Nashville's Jim Cavanaugh he is a
former ATF special agent in charge he's
an NBC News law enforcement analyst and
a long time bomb investigator who worked
on the Unabomber and Eric Robert Rudolph
cases both of which seem familiar to me
when following this one mr. Cavanaugh
it's good to have you on a non breaking
news day I say this knocking on plastic
here right Chuck well it's been rough on
the citizens in Austin for sure Cheryl
weeks so let's talk about the the
biggest news today is finding a package
before it's detonated and before it's
been delivered and you say that this is
an important piece of investigative work
why well we don't know exactly how this
package is detonated in this sorting
facility it might have low ordered we
call it which is a partial detonation it
could have totally high-order detonated
at first we thought they might have had
another bomb intact it doesn't seem like
that's the case but they may have
another mailing by the bomber so there's
evidence here from those instances but
also this is the first time we know the
Bombers hit a commercial area the first
three place devices were residential
area and the Greenway and a commercial
area it's more chance for cameras
witnesses you know video surveillance I
mean we could have a bomber with a
hoodie and sunglasses Chuck as we've had
done many other cases and he could be
just a blob but nevertheless there's
more to glean he might have to fill out
a form you know I think the biggest
question I would have is a commander and
this is who was the package addressed to
I'd want to know that first and that
would try to look at that to get a
little insight into the bomber alright
so what here you know it's interesting
with the Unabomber with Eric Robert
Rudolph they would not be it seems like
these are all clustered together I hate
to put it this way but it does feel as
if this bomber it's almost like he's
playing a game he wants to get caught
perhaps or he's trying to bring it's all
I'm asking you do you think he's
increasing his frequency as we cover it
more well yeah he's feeding off the
power
I think another parallel
here another case I was also on and I
think there's a real parallel to it as a
DC sniper I was a deputy commanding yes
yeah the tempo that the tempo of this
okay the tempo of this and the way the
Capital Region was kept in fear the
killing the killing and the purposeful
killing at random is very similar here
the method is a little different that
was a rifle this is bombs but the power
that the killer gleans is a similar
atmosphere and one thing that was strong
there Chuck and you remember you lived
up there yes every single citizen is on
your side and the commanders have to
leverage that we leverage that in the
sniper case by reaching out by using
citizens to help us really it's the kit
was in that case was the Capital Region
against the snipers and today it's the
Austin region against the bombers every
law enforcement officer every citizen
against the Bombers that's the strength
you have to leverage that so big break
today
who's he addressing the package to is
their video surveillance fingerprints
handwriting on the form this guy is
motive is in front of us it's power
right he's angry at something Chuck
something and you know when I say that
it could be legitimate anger you know
sure people are have anger that's just
in their head he could have been some
guy who really got screwed by the system
somewhere and he wants to get that power
back and I don't think he wants to talk
now I think that's a good effort by the
commanders but I don't think that's the
rare he is right it was power if it
feels like though there's a lot of clues
here to work with right you have
everybody that's received a package so
far so you're able to start seeing if
there's any connections there you now
have an intact bomb you might want to
see if he has a signature to how he
makes his bombs is that fair to say like
what what can you learn from what he's
from the bomb itself yeah we they know a
lot already they know how he fuses it
and fires it they know how he charges it
they know how what kind of mixture he
uses and how he contains it
they know his design they know his
materials all they really follow they
could actually then look up okay where
could he get these materials and and
hope that there's at least some of the
materials that there's only one or two
places to get it right we've broke many
cases like that I personally have from
label stickers microswitches batteries
but also you can have very common
materials so it's not always an answer
ATF maintains a database called the
explosive incident system that has every
bomb in America in the last 50 years in
it and they can be compared against it
our forensic laboratories you know when
Judge Vance was killed in Birmingham
years ago in a package bomb that went to
his home in Birmingham a federal judge
write it that return address was another
federal judge in Atlanta he knew and
that that entrapped him he opened the
device and was killed when we sent that
evidence to the ATF laboratory in
Atlanta one of our forensic chemists
Aaron loiter when looked at the bomb and
said oh I know who made this bomb we
convicted him in nineteen seventy two
making a bomb was like this and that was
Walter Leroy Moody and we convicted him
FBI ATF to Birmingham police of that a
case so there's a we look for all those
things yeah but really the answer is
gonna be with the citizens here right a
tip who wasn't home when it was placed
narrowing the timeline of the tripwire
bomb this delivery and this guy's angry
Chuck has talked about it he's talked
about it somebody's heard about it they
got convinced to that let me ask you
this what's FedEx what should they do
how can they help here since they've
been the vehicle you know yeah FedEx
FedEx and UPS and the Postal Service
really have systems in place citizens
have to use them you know it's great now
whenever I buy something online they
send me a tracking number anytime I want
I can go on there and they tell me hey
my box and my auto part is in Wisconsin
it's on the way hey now it's in Kentucky
you know this is great I never cared
before where the box was now I want to
know all the time where my boxes but
when the box comes when the box comes
right I never pick it up I've never
picked up a box my kids haven't my wife
because I've put a lot of bombers in
jail in 35 years
I read the label first I checked the
tracking number first and I order that
who's the shipper now that box will sit
on my porch for a long time so what
people got to do is they got to
understand that you don't take it you
don't accept it don't take any gifts if
you're in Austin don't take any gifts
lamps radios packages disguise things if
you can't get the truck you've just
described we're getting terrorized it's
a form of terrorism it's a different
type but it we're being paralyzed all
violent crime is terrorism I think what
we have here is a serial killer right
who's a bomber probably on a power trip
much like the DC sniper so you know we
like to throw out terrorism but it
doesn't really make any difference here
the resources aren't going to change
anything everything that's being done in
in the joint operation center ATF is
using a computerized system to track
every single lead the FBI lays it on
that they got fabulous resources down
there every citizens on their side a
slight tip a slight piece a forensics
the Bombers gonna have a booby-trapped
house and he's gonna he's gonna be very
difficult to get but he'll be caught
we'll see if he tries to somehow let the
city understand why he's doing this Jim
Cavanaugh quite the mystery
hopefully this attention helps helps law
enforcement officials doesn't just help
the bomber anyway Jim Cavanaugh
appreciate very much hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click Subscribe just below
me
or click over on this list to see lots
of other great videos
