so when we last got together for the
last word at 10:00 p.m. on Friday night
Jeff Sessions who was exposed by Al
Franken for not telling the truth and
his confirmation hearing fired Andrew
McCabe for not telling the truth
and then yesterday we discovered that
three unnamed sources now say Jeff
sessions did not tell the truth when he
told the House Judiciary Committee that
he pushed back against Trump campaign
adviser George papadopolis in a campaign
meeting when Papadopoulos suggested
reaching out to Russia for help during
the Trump presidential campaign it would
be nice when you're firing someone for
not telling the truth to have never been
publicly caught not telling the truth
yourself but that's just about
impossible for anyone working in the
administration of the greatest liar in
the history of the presidency the most
relentless non-stop pathological liar in
the history of American politics and
government Donald Trump we still don't
know why Andrew McCabe was fired we do
know that the president wanted him fired
and publicly urged that he be fired
campaigned for months to have him fired
and we do know that the president did
that without having evany any evidence
that Andrew McCabe should be fired and
we now know that the Inspector General
who did not share his evidence with the
president the Inspector General of the
Justice Department recommended that
Andrew McCabe be fired last week but we
have not seen the inspector general's
report yet so we don't know exactly what
the expect Inspector General found it
apparently involved how Andrew McCabe
dealt with reporters and the possibility
that he was not being completely
truthful about how he provided
information to a reporter McCabe says
that the Inspector General
misinterpreted his answers about that in
a written statement as we reported
Friday night Andrew McCabe said here is
the reality I am being singled out and
treated this way because of the role I
played the actions I took and the events
I witnessed in the aftermath of the
firing of James Comey
mccabe is a witness in the special
prosecutors investigation of the
president's possible obstruction of
justice the president's firing of FBI
director james comey is one of the
central elements if not the proof of an
obstruction of justice case against the
president this weekend we learned that
just like James Comey before him Andrew
McCabe made notes of his discussions
with the president when he was the
acting FBI director when that was
reported on Saturday the president
tweeted spent very little time with
Andrew McCabe but he never took notes
when he was with me I don't believe he
made memos except to help his own agenda
probably at a later date
same with lying James Comey can we call
them fake memos no we can't call them
fake memos they are called memos of
conversations and they are very common
at the highest levels of government mem
Khan that's what those memos have been
called for decades I first learned about
mem Khan's when I was working for
Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan after we
had a meeting in the Oval Office with
the president senator Moynihan
immediately sat down and typed a mem
Khan when we got back to the Senate
office he explained that he had been
doing that since he first went to work
in President Kennedy's administration
senator Moynihan was in the cabinet and
sub cabinet of four presidents Democrat
Republican and wrote a memo on after
every conversation he had with every
president those presidents all knew that
that is what experienced people in
government do they make memos of their
important conversations usually
immediately after the fact of the
conversation Donald Trump first
discovered this practice when it became
public that James Comey did that I can
guarantee him that people in his White
House did it today and are doing it
every day as soon as they leave the Oval
Office they are making a record of what
the president said which they will then
use in their memoirs if not before even
though we discovered through Ruth
Marcus's extraordinary reporting in the
Washington Post that the Trump White
House personnel are the first in history
who have been required to sign
non-disclosure agreements that is a
hopelessly unenforceable attempt by
Donald trum
to carry on the use of non-disclosure
agreements that he required for everyone
working in his business and that he
apparently required for every woman that
he met at golf tournaments like stormy
Daniels there is something exquisitely
trumpian in the fact that Donald Trump
is the only president in history who has
asked his White House staff to sign
non-disclosure agreements and he has the
most talkative leaking staff in the
history of the White House Andrew
McCabe's memos of his conversations with
the President as well as James commis
memos of his conversations with the
president are important exhibits in
Robert Muller's investigation which has
clearly focused on possible obstruction
of justice by the president this weekend
the New York Times reported mr. Muller
is said to have sent questions to mr.
Trump's legal team as part of
negotiations over an interview with the
president mr. Muller is seeking the
interview according to two people close
to the White House in order to act in
order to ask follow-up questions but put
forward the list as a start the
questions seem to have made the
president a bit uncomfortable if you're
reading his mood from Twitter on
Saturday he tweeted Robert Mallory's
name for the first time the Muller probe
should never have been started in that
there was no collusion and there was no
crime it was based on fraudulent
activities in a fake dossier paid for by
crooked Hillary and the DNC and
improperly used in FISA Court for
surveillance of my campaign witch-hunt
exclamation point that was not the tweet
of a man who is confident he has done
nothing wrong and has nothing to worry
about in the investigation today the
Washington Post reported that president
Trump's attorneys have provided the
special counsels office with written
descriptions that Chronicle key moments
under investigation in hopes of
curtailing the scope of a presidential
interview according to two people
familiar with the situation and cnn.com
is reporting tonight that Trump's
lawyers had a meeting last week about
the case quote both sides sat down last
week in a rare face-to-face discussion
about the topics investigators could
inquire of the president it was it it
was the first in-person meeting after
several weeks of informal discussion
between the two sides according to two
sources familiar with the talks a
well-placed source familiar with the
meeting tells NBC News that this sort of
meeting actually happens regularly the
president has hired a new lawyer and
like the rest of the president's legal
team the new hire is nowhere near the
top of the list of Washington lawyers
for cases like this Joe digenova is a
familiar face to cable news Watchers he
has been commenting on legal affairs on
television much more than he has been
handling them in courtrooms here is his
view of the investigation of the
president there was a brazen plot to
illegally exonerate Hillary Clinton and
if she didn't win the election to then
frame Donald Trump with a falsely
created crime everything that we have
seen from these texts and from all the
facts developing shows that the FBI and
senior DOJ officials conspired to
violate the law and to deny Donald Trump
his civil rights
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
