good evening from New York I'm Chris
Hayes new reporting tonight that
President Trump's lawyers are now
turning documents over to Special
Counsel Robert Muller in hopes of
limiting the scope of Muller's interview
with the president that news comes in
the wake of the president unleashing his
first direct attacks on the special
counsel as he appears poised to begin a
full-out offensive on the man who could
take down his presidency the floodgates
opened after Attorney General Jeff
Sessions fired now former FBI director
Andrew McCabe late on Friday
amid massive pressure to do so from the
White House and Trump allies on Trump TV
for weeks and weeks and months at a time
they did that less than two days before
McCabe was set to retire and collect his
full pension and that move that's the
move that appears to have emboldened the
president because on Saturday morning
the president attacked Muller by name
for the first time and he followed up on
Sunday with this why does the Muller
team have 13 hardened Democrats some big
crooked Hillary supporters and zero
Republicans another dem recently added
is anyone think this is fair and yet
there is all caps no collusion the
record Muller himself is a longtime
Republican you might call him a hearted
Republican we're it not for the fact
that hardened is the kind of adjective
usually used to describe terrorists and
criminals or if you're Donald Trump to
describe as also rod Muller is
statutorily barred from looking at the
political affiliation of the people he
hired but never mind Trump's comments
marked the end of a 10 month run of
public presidential deference the
special counsel deference that had been
recommended by Trump's lawyers who had
assured the president over and over the
bolars investigation was close to nen in
the wake of news last week that Muller
had subpoenaed the Trump Organization
which virtually guarantees that moterz
probe will continue for at least several
more months
Trump abandoned that uncharacteristic
bit of restraint there is likely more to
come deadly beasts reports of those
close to Trump expect Trump to attack
Muller more directly even if it means
exacerbating his legal standing and The
Times reports a newly emboldened Trump
now feels confident saying what he
really feels that he quote ultimately
trusts only his own instincts and now
believes he is settled into the job
enough to rely on them rather than the
people advise him last night Trump
lawyer Ty Cobb tried very hard
to put the genie back in the bottle
releasing a statement that the president
is not considering or discussing the
firing of special counsel Ryder Muller
aboard Air Force One today deputy press
secretary Hogan Gidley tried to sell
skeptical reporters on that claim there
are no conversations or discussion about
removing mr. Muller at the same time
there has been no collusion the
president said multiple times obviously
I think what you guys have seen is some
well-established frustration on behalf
of president that message though was
undercut by news today that Trump had
added to his legal team a lawyer named
joseph de geneva who alleges an FBI FBI
plot to frame trump despite a contou to
lack of evidence to back up that claim
the motive would be that they didn't
like Donald Trump they didn't think he
was fit to be President and they were
going to do everything within their
power to exonerate Hillary Clinton and
if she lost to frame Donald Trump with a
false crime because they didn't think he
should be President
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
