Figg won tonight in a world where Donald
Trump is President of the United States
it seems like anyone with some fame to
their name could be a candidate for high
office like Stacy - best known for her
supporting role in the 1995 movie
clueless who announced last month she's
running for Congress or Dwayne the rock
Johnson former pro wrestler
now the highest-paid movie star on the
planet who said he's seriously
considering a 2020 presidential run and
of course Oprah Winfrey who is widely
rumored to be considering around for the
White House following her viral Golden
Globe speech earlier this year today we
learned that another celebrity has
decided to throw their hat into the
political ring with a run for governor
of New York should we be dating men our
own age there are no available men in
their 30s in New York Giuliani had them
removed along with the homeless that's
thing too in 60 seconds it's safe to say
the Trump era has opened the floodgates
for all sorts of personalities to run
for office an actress Cynthia Nixon's
the latest to step into the fray former
Sex in the City star announced her run
for governor of New York today I Love
New York I've never wanted to live
anywhere else
but something has to change
we want our government to work again on
health care ending mass incarceration
fixing our broken subway we are sick of
politicians who care more about
headlines and power than they do about
us I'm Cynthia Nixon I'm a New Yorker
and together we can win this fight now
to those who don't follow near politics
this may seem out of the blue but is by
no means a random move Nixon has been
very active in progressive politics for
years she's repeatedly been a
high-profile critic of Governor Cuomo
rumors started circulating last year she
could be challenging him when she
actually hired Democratic strategist
earlier this month Governor Cuomo
reacted by laughing off the Emmy Grammy
and Tony Award winning artist calling
her a quote second-tier celebrity we'd
call that response trumpian but she's
actually been treated better by Trump
okay and the Emmy goes to Cynthia Nixon
oh my goodness thank you hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
