for the very first time president Donald
Trump is now admitting that that alias
used in the now infamous stormy Daniels
NDA was actually for him this revelation
came in a Friday night legal
counterpunch from Trump they're now
seeking 20 million dollars from Daniel's
for breaking they say her agreement to
be silent now here is that legal filing
and you see Trump put his name on it
right there Donald J Trump aka David
Dennison this unusual admission from a
sitting president comes after the
explosive allegation that miss Daniels
was physically threatened that
allegation lodged by her attorney who
joins me down Michael Avenida how are
you Ari thanks for having me let me ask
you this does this vindicate your legal
strategy that the president is now
admitting he is this pseudonym David
Dennison well Ari I don't know that it
vindicates our legal strategy but I
think finally the president has had to
come to grips with the fact that he knew
about this agreement lawyer to lawyer it
seems to me that he had never admitted
he was David Dennison until he had to
enter this lawsuit on Friday well I
would agree with that and so does that
mean then that he has more or less
exposure now he seems to feel it's
necessary to win apparently I don't know
Ari that this has a bearing on his
exposure I'm we our positions always
been the same namely we don't think the
agreement is valid you alleged that
there was a physical threat made against
your client stormy Daniels why didn't
you include that in your legal filings
thus far ari I did allege that I stated
it as a fact and I'm gonna state it
again today as a fact it is not an
allegation or you know as a good lawyers
yourself that good lawyers don't play
their entire hand on the first go-around
we have a lot of information a lot of
evidence a lot of documents that haven't
come to light yet numerous pieces of
evidence numerous facts and we're not
going to show our hand in the beginning
weeks of any case no good lawyer would
do that and we're certainly not going to
do it here let me play some of the
criticism of both your
arguments and the attention they're
getting and as you know they certainly
are getting attention on Fox News take a
listen
it's tabloid fodder as I've never seen
so many reporters find such a thin hook
to attend a strip club and then write
about it I've seen story after story
after story of what that's like and
meanwhile she's benefiting big-time off
of all of the coverage they're providing
your response Michael well are you know
I've been invited to give interviews to
literally hundreds of media outlets
around the world television stations
radio stations print journalists what is
shocking to me is I haven't received a
single request not one from Fox News
they've reached out to me for copies of
documents and things of that nature and
I've cooperated with them just like I
have with other networks and I've been
prompt in attending to their requests
but I haven't received a single
interview request not one from Fox News
there's you're telling me there's not a
single anchor on Fox News that could go
toe to toe and wants to talk to you you
think they're afraid of this story well
I don't know what it is I just I'm a
little my feelings are hurt they don't
want to hear from me that's that's well
put I want to ask you about another
aspect of this that is in your papers so
it's something you already have put out
I'll read to the viewers here that they
talk about in here mr. Trump aware of
these tactics at all times mr. Trump has
been fully aware you allege does that
mean you have evidence or reason to
believe he was aware of the threat
against miss Daniels yes and what does
that say to you well I think it's
serious I mean there's no question that
it's serious you think his threat to her
was made on Donald Trump's authority
again I don't want to get into the
details and my opinion of this threat
we're gonna let the American people
judge for themselves as to what happened
and judge for themselves as to what my
client says and her credibility re we've
been consistent from day one and you
know this and your viewers know this our
position is as follows my client should
be permitted to tell her story to the
extent that mr. Cohen and president
Trump have an alternative narrative or a
different version of the facts they
should come forward they should tell
their version of those facts and we
should let the American people decide on
who is shooting straight Michael
avenatti thank you as always for joining
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
