joining me now is Ohio Republican
Congressman Jim Jordan he serves on the
Judiciary Committee which oversees the
Justice Department he's also a member of
the House Oversight Committee good to
see you congressman thanks for being
again good to be with you I'm gonna ask
you a bright up top if the president is
innocent why is he not acting like he's
innocent I think he is acting like he's
innocent but he's like so many other
Americans frustrated by what he sees
that took place at the top levels of the
FBI Jim Comey's been fired Andrew
McCain's been fired Jim or Vicki former
chief of staff has been has left the FBI
Jim Baker former chief counsel at the
FBI has been demoted reassigned Peter
strucked former deputy head of
counterintelligence at the FBI has been
demoted reassigned
Lisa page has been demoted and
reassigned those are the top people at
the FBI so I think he's frustrated by
that as are the American people and what
we know they did and when they started
this Russia Trump investigation in 2016
namely how they use the dossier let me
play one of your Republican colleagues
not exactly a fan of Democrats not
exactly somebody who hasn't gone after
Democrats really hard and not somebody
who's gone after Donald Trump very hard
but saying again that Donald Trump is
not acting innocent listen to Troy Gowdy
if you have an innocent client mr. Dowd
act like it Russia attacked our country
let special counsel Moeller figure that
out and if you believe as we found
there's no evidence of collusion you
should want special counsel Moeller to
take all the time and have all the
independence he needs to do is yah
doesn't congressman Gowdy have a point
if you believe that the let me ask a
question if you believe that the
investigation is is going to end in not
having any conclusion and not end in
anything being done inappropriately or
wrongly don't you want that
investigation to be followed through if
you're innocent yes sir and the White
House has been clear about that they
said it again today they want Mulder to
complete his investigation but at some
point when does it end it's been almost
a year we've been talking about
investigation in the Trump campaign in
any coordination with Russia to date not
one bit of evidence suggests that there
was any type of coordination any type of
collusion in fact the Republicans on the
Intelligence Committee said so last week
in their report so at some point it does
you'd sort of do a yes
the question when is it all going to end
or is this going to go on for the entire
first term of the trump presidency we
don't know but at some point let's
finish up and let's get on with doing
what the American people elected us to
do the president it feels so confidently
that he's innocent and feels so
confidently it will end well in his
favor and if he really wants the Moller
investigation to go on unimpeded
why is he tweeting what he's tweeting
why did he tweet what he tweeted over
the weekend why is his conduct
why is his lawyer coming out and saying
this investigation needs to Edward C why
is he saying as much as think about what
the FBI did the top people the people I
just talked about many of them been
fired a bunch of them have been demoted
they took a campaign opposition research
document dress it all up made it sound
like it was legitimate intelligence took
it to a FISA Court to get a warrant to
spy on a fellow American citizen when
they went to the court they didn't tell
him the whole truth they didn't tell him
who paid for the document they didn't
tell them that's a Republican partisan
finding that's we have it in this isn't
around at all this is where frustration
I think from the White House in from so
many Americans plus they didn't tell the
court that the author of the DA say
Christopher do tell his relationship
delay they didn't tell the court this
Katie that his relationship with the FBI
had been terminated and why was it
terminated because Christopher Steele
without leaking information to the press
the same thing before that congressman I
want to keep you focused on this and
respectfully let me keep you focused on
the let's talk about the way that
Donald Trump is handling this
investigation because you were very very
clear about how you did not like the way
President Obama was handling
investigations in the past how you
didn't like Bill Clinton having a
meeting at an airport with the DOJ
during the election and it feels like
considering how strong you were with
those opinions in the past why do you
think it's okay for the President of the
United States to go after the Russia
investigation to go after Robert Moeller
to to taint it by saying it is all a
witch-hunt why do you think in one
circumstance what a community what they
were being
who stands I'm asking you two things you
you have one set of conclusions for when
it's a Democrat impound another for when
it's a Republican I'm wise their logic
is I look at the facts the fact is the
Attorney General the United States met
with the former president United States
just days before his wife Secretary
Clinton was scheduled to be interviewed
by the FBI you don't think that's
unusual and the president is states but
at the time said oh no big deal
I think that's highly unusual why did
the attorney general Lynch say she
wasn't even going to make the decision
she turned it over to James Comey never
happens never happens yet it did with
the Clinton investigation and oh by the
way the guy who ran that investigation
Peter struck who interview Clinton
Abidine Mills who interviewed all these
folks ran the Clinton investigation he's
the same guy who wants to rush an
investigation namely Peter struck and we
know with the text message we've now
seen between him and Lisa page we know
where Peter struck comes from so of
course if I if I'm right if anyone was
president Trump they'd be frustrated by
what they what if he would be
investigated by the former head of the
FBI and he had 15 lawyers looking into
your life and all of a sudden he says
now I want your personal finances who
would it be frustrated by that so that
there's got to be a frustration level on
the part of the president that's just
normal but the White House has been very
clear they won't lower to finish his
investigation all I'm saying is let's
get it done for goodness sake it's been
a year now it's time to get some
conclusion to this I want to put up a
tweet you sent out in 2015 about Obama
commenting on the IRS investigation and
yet another political abuse of power the
Obama Justice Department has decided it
will not charge Lois Lerner for actions
of the IRS not surprising given that
Obama prejudged the DOJ investigation in
early 2014 saying there was not even a
smidgen of corruption at the IRS so you
think it's not okay for a president to
say to prejudge an investigation by
saying there's not even a smidgen of
corruption but it is okay for the
president to say that an investigation
is a witch-hunt and a hoax yeah the
president said that about the President
Obama said there was not a smidgen of
corruption definitely influenced in his
attorney general this this is different
this is a special counsel he's not
saying his attorney general is not
involved in fact he recused himself I
don't think he should have but he did so
this is a different situation with a
special counsel it's been a stinking
year now let's get some kind of
collusion laws he's not in
launching an investigation right now
it's a special council Katie that was
the whole point it's all pointed by the
own administration appointed by rod
Rosenstein not appointed by Jepson
appointed rod Rosenstein as well I
understand but I think it's a completely
different animal and and I think most
Americans would think it's a completely
that's why you have a special counsel
that's why I've called for a second
special counsel to look at all this we
call for at seven months ago that is
what's needed to look at this whole sort
of this whole mess with with what the
FBI did clear back through the clinton
investigation all the way through the
trump russia investigation we do need a
second special counsel we call forward
seven months ago and what's interesting
with each and every week more and more
members say that's I don't like seconds
I don't like special counsels but I see
no other remedy no way they've FBI can
investigate themselves and each and
every week more and more members are
calling for it what if President Obama
called the Clinton investigation a hoax
what if he called for the Clinton
investigation to get shut down what have
you attacked the FBI for investigating
her emails what if he fired his FBI
director for investigating it
what if President Obama did all the
things that Donald Trump has been doing
how would you really did he prejudice
the case for investigating it and and
even if you do concede the point
Congress may be wrongs don't make a
wrong doesn't make a right I agree with
that
but I also understand it wasn't it
wasn't President Trump it wasn't
Attorney General Jeff Sessions and the
reason Andy McCabe got fired was because
the Office of Professional
Responsibility FBI the FBI his colleague
said he should admires Comey yes and I'd
say that's long overdue I think Comey
completely messed up the entire entire
Clinton investigation and you know what
I took heat from it because I criticized
call me ten days before the election
when he reopened the case I said he was
wrong then just like he was wrong in
July and I took heat from Republicans
for saying that so I've been consistent
in this whole thing James Comey screwed
that entire mess up and that's why he
should have been fired I thought he was
wrong both in July and in October when
he reopened the case why haven't we seen
the IG report for Andrew McCabe I think
we will see the IG report soon the last
time we spoke with mr. Horowitz a few
months ago he said April was when he
thought it would come out
few weeks from April let's hope it comes
out then and I look forward to that
report I hope it's sooner rather than
later
Congressman Jim Jordan congressman thank
you so much for coming on we always
appreciate it you bet thank you
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
