a former employee at Mercer vac data
firm Cambridge analytical which work
with the president's campaign spoke with
Savannah Guthrie on NBC's Today Show
about the company's practices and what
he had to say is truly chilling please
take a look
Cambridge analytic I was meeting with
Corey Lewandowski in 2015 before Trump
had even announced Cambridge analytical
was founded on misappropriated data of
at least 50 million Facebook users this
data was used to create profiling
algorithms that would allow us to
explore mental vulnerabilities of people
and then map out ways to inject
information into different in different
streams or channels of content online
what Cambridge analytic it does is works
works on creating a web of
disinformation online so that people
start going down the rabbit hole of
clicking on blogs websites etc that make
them think that certain things are
happening that may not be creating a web
of disinformation to make people think
certain things are happening that might
not be please let that sink in for a
minute Facebook can tell you all day
long about reconnecting with high school
friends cute pictures of babies a
network of disinformation that of course
was a whistleblower Christopher Wiley he
left the company in 2014 and they've
called his statement a malicious attempt
to hurt the company and just moments ago
Corey Lewandowski denied ever working
with Cambridge analytics but let's dig
into the way that this company is set up
and what exactly they planned to do it
is an offshoot of SCL group a
london-based defense company dealing
with behavioral research and strategic
communications Cambridge spun off in the
u.s. and was backed by Republican mega
donor Robert and his daughter Rebecca
Mercer and former White House chief of
staff you know excuse me chief
strategist Steve Bannon was the
company's vice president according to
federal election commission data
the Trump campaign paid Cambridge five
point nine million bucks during the 2016
campaign a company that harvested data
from 50 million Facebook profiles to put
that in perspective there are about 200
million
us Facebook users meaning one in every
four Americans data was collected and
this was not a data breach
instead some users were paid to take a
personality survey only about 270
thousand people took that survey but
Cambridge was able to scrape data from
those users friends lists giving them
data from millions more by taking the
quizzes users handed over information
including their usernames what they
liked on Facebook their location and if
they didn't have the privacy the right
privacy settings they probably
inadvertently handed over their friend
list as well giving the company access
to even more data the idea according to
Christopher Wiley was to inject
disinformation around a vulnerable
person's web experience based on the
analysis of their personality this is
some freaky stuff
we all have what's termed as an internet
bubble around us different people will
see slightly different results when
googling topics like puppies are
scrolling through our newsfeed based on
our browsing history and likes Cambridge
analytical used that information
harvested to push fake stories and
conspiracy blogs to people who might be
susceptible to taking them as fact so
what happened to all of that data here's
a problem
it's unclear the company said it
destroyed the data the New York Times
reports that as this month a source
reported that the data still exists on
company servers Facebook responded
saying it's conducting an internal and
external review and remains focused on
enforcing policies protecting user
information well I'm going to take a
breath with that that is crazy alright a
good explanation because it's a
complicated issue but joining us now
Washington Post tech policy reporter
Tony ROM and Scott Galloway New York
Stern School of Business marketing
professor thanks to both the you Scott
Galloway good to see you Tony let me
start with you that was a pretty
thorough explanation of what's going on
when you when you separate the the wheat
from the chaff on this what's the
biggest problem in your mind well the
biggest problem is exactly what you guys
pointed out which is that we still have
so many questions about what happened on
Facebook how that data got to Cambridge
analytical what it did with that data
and whether it's been deleted
and it's not just us asking these
questions members of Congress are asking
them as well and you're beginning to see
from both Democrats and Republicans
alike a new call for congressional
hearings focused on the tech industry
and potentially hearings that could
bring Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg to
Capitol Hill in the coming weeks
all right Mar excuse me Scott you're
sent mentioning mark I wish Mark
Zuckerburg was joining us Facebook's
saying this wasn't a data breach Scott
isn't that a bigger problem that this
happened and it actually may have been
allowed inside Facebook's policies yeah
and we're not a media firm it's just it
kind of goes on and on instead of
focusing on the damage that's been done
there parsing words and it comes across
as a half denial and not acknowledging
the problem I think the bigger issue
what we're going to be talking about
next week is everything that Cambridge
analytic it does Facebook will do and
continue to do right so the difference
is is that if Donald Trump or Cambridge
analytical was to try and influence
minds through NBC News at the beginning
of the advertisement it would say I'm
Donald Trump and I approve this ad and
you would know that you're being
manipulated and you're cool with that
but when we get these ads are these
stories saying that there's a pizza shop
that's a pedophile ring it doesn't say
sponsored by or promoted by Michael
Flynn this camp right so we're
uncomfortable and by the way the FTC's
exclusion of these emerging technologies
was meant to help these little nascent
startups that we want meanwhile
Facebook's were six hundred billion
dollars with 24,000 Facebook Google I
mean these are the most powerful
companies in the world so this is
interesting
Tony to this point that that Scott just
made Facebook is doing this all the time
themselves in theory you and I could set
up a company that does this when
authorities British authorities and
American authorities want to talk to
Facebook about this what are we looking
for was there a law broken here or is
just this just gross well that's one of
the questions here it's about legality
and the rules in Europe are a bit more
strict that's one of the other questions
here you know we talked about the u.s.
election in the 2016 presidential
election but potentially European users
could have been affected and that could
put Facebook in a bit of a tough
position in the EU there are other
questions about the Federal Trade
Commission remem
in 2011 that Facebook was slapped by the
federal government for misleading users
about their privacy protections and as a
result Facebook had to agree to a
consent decree that barred it from
making misrepresentations on his privacy
practices if the FTC takes a look at
this and ultimately decides that
Facebook violated that settlement we
could see a huge financial penalty a
huge fine against Facebook but going
back to something that Scott said it's
important to remember that there are
some regulatory solutions to stuff like
this like in the context of political
advertisements and making information
more available about the kind of content
you're seeing and who's behind it but at
times tech companies have been some of
the strongest most powerful lobbyists
against this sort of regulation so I
think that's why you're starting to see
members begin to wake up to this and why
you might start to see some hearings in
the coming weeks can they in good faith
continue to rail against regulation
Scott when you look at the stock down is
the stock down because regulation could
come hit these guys because at the end
of the day consumers can say I'm
offended I don't like this I don't see
that many people devoting facebook over
the stock should just be down to 8% now
by the way the stuff could just be down
because people are realizing that all of
these hits just heard Facebook yeah but
where do people go to express their rage
on Facebook and Instagram yeah business
is going to continue to accelerate
consumers talk a big game
the reason the stock is down is that the
multiple on profits of a continuing
accelerating business will contract
because of the threat of regulation
we're coming to grips with the fact that
it's bad that the most powerful platform
that's amassed a community greater than
Christianity can be weaponized what's
worse is we're finding out bad actors
can weaponize that weapon in our faith
or detonate that weapon excuse me Tony
Christopher Wiley the the man we heard
from on today's the Today Show The
Whistleblower says that Cambridge was
linked to Russian oil company Luke oil
and by extension to the FSB the the
intelligence agency in Russia what more
do we know about the connection between
Cambridge and Russia well we don't know
a whole lot and specifically with the
issue of Lukoil
representative Adam Schiff who's the top
Democrat on the House Intelligence
Committee has raised that connection as
well he says that he wants to hear
a little bit more as to exactly what the
relationship there was with Cambridge
and that oil giants and and just to that
point Schiff has said that Democrats
plan to talk to Wiley with or without
the support of Republicans on the House
Intelligence Committee so we don't yet
know a whole lot about that piece but
Democrats in Congress are certainly
asking the question
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
