Wisconsin Democratic congressman mark
Pocan is offering Andrew McCabe a job to
help him qualify for his pension and he
joins me now from Madison Wisconsin
congressman thank you very much tell me
how this would work and have you heard
back at all from the cave yeah hi Andrea
thank you for having me so we've
definitely talked to his folks this
morning we're hoping to have a personal
conversation but clearly this is a very
legitimate offer what the president did
was one of the biggest I think character
flaws that we see in him
he just lacks human decency it was cruel
the way he did this to fire someone
literally hours before they would have
got their pension so we need to be a
check in the balance in the system and
in this case our check is that we can
make sure at least someone isn't going
to be threatened and others threatened
that they'll lose their pension if they
do something the president doesn't like
so we've made a very legitimate offer to
work on an election integrity it's a non
partisan issue and if Andrew McCabe a
lot to come and work for us we want to
make sure that he gets his pension after
many years of service to this country
and would this be a short-term hire so
that he has the additional days to
qualify for his pension or might he
continue for a while if this is
agreeable you know I'll tell you I think
it'll be part of the conversation we'll
have but we'll make sure that he's on at
least long enough to get the pension I
mean it's important work that we would
love to have him do with his invaluable
background but it's it's also they don't
forget the president did this to try to
interfere with the Moller investigation
he wants to send a signal that anyone
who crosses him
he's not going to just hurt you he's
gonna hurt your family he's gonna hurt
your future he's gonna go after your
pension and you know Andrea I grew up in
a family a lower middle class family I
still AM a modest means like almost
everybody else in the country when you
threaten pensions you are sending a
message it's thug-like behavior and you
know quite honestly Paul Ryan Mitch
McConnell and others have to stand up
far more than they are I'm glad that
others also made offers I don't
necessarily care if he comes to work for
me or not I think just as long as he can
get his pension it's the right thing but
we have to let people know don't be
intimidated by someone trying to stop
you from talking and doing your job
because again that's cruel behavior and
it's unbecoming of a president now
you at all concerned about what may or
may not be in the IG report and in the
office of legal counsel in terms of the
substantive issues against Andrew McCabe
yeah again you know every report we've
seen whether it be the fake report that
Devin Nunez you know founded and
delivered to the White House last year
or the the bad report that the House
Republicans put out in intelligence
community every time we see one of these
reports we find out there's absolutely
nothing it's one more reason to try to
derail this investigation I'm guessing
the same thing as here and this person's
had 21 years of credible honorable
service and I'm gonna put my bet behind
Andrew rather than behind the president
and one quick question I was listening
to congressman Hines this morning on
Morning Joe suggesting that there is an
effort by some Democrats at least to put
this standalone bill having a backstop
for an Office of Special Counsel to be
legislatively enabled as part of the
must-pass omnibus budget bill this week
obviously there'll be pushback from
Republican leadership but is that a real
thing you know it would be something
credible if Paul Ryan really wants to
show that he's not on the staff of the
White House and that he is the head of a
co-equal branch of government that is a
check and balance I would hope that they
would rise to do this because we all
need to send a message regardless of
partisan affiliation that this
investigation needs to go forward as
Lindsey Graham and a few other
Republicans have said we would have a
constitutional crisis if Muller is fired
I think we need more of us to stand up
and say it and this may be the best
opportunity as you know in a must-pass
bill thank you so much thanks for
joining us please let us know if you
after talking to Andrew McCabe or his
people if there's a deal if he's a new
hot seat on the congressional staff hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
