joining us now member of the
Intelligence Committee Democratic
congressman Jim Himes of Connecticut
congruence congressman thanks for being
on I'm going to read you're one of your
tweets from Saturday just to start
things off here as real Donald Trump
floats around in his snow globe of chaos
crassness and corruption it's time for
every member of Congress to prepare to
create a statue all statutory special
prosecutor if Muller is fired do you
feel every member of Congress is ready
for this well far from it mica I mean
the reality is we have heard from the
usual suspects from the flake and and
McCain and a couple of others about the
importance of preserving Muller's
investigation but the vast majority of
Republicans aren't going to touch this
with a ten-foot pole you know we even
have probably the one opportunity that
we have in the remainder of the year to
get a special prosecutor set up with
statutory authority that is to say not
fireable by the president United States
in the form of the Omnibus Budget which
will be presumably voted on this week it
could be put into that it would be
interesting to see if that were put into
that because I think on that basis alone
any number of Republicans would be
flushed out for not wanting to cross
this president in that way so like
congressman let me ask you you've got a
couple of things going on here that
we're talking about this morning one is
the daily damage being done to the
institution of the presidency that
you're dealing with the other as we just
spoke about this latest element of the
story
Facebook's involvement in the election
last year we don't know the extent of it
yet but it is clearly partially being
funded by invisible billionaires like
Robert Mercer talk about the damage
being done by things like Cambridge
analytic to Facebook to the American
voter and what's going to be done about
it if anything in the Congress of the
United States yeah it's a it's a great
question Mike and I think I think
focusing on the voter is the right way
to go what I mean
that it's up to every American to
remember that you know the president
involved in litigation with a pornstar
the president calling a potential
adversary names on Twitter the president
doing everything the president does
every single day that's not normal and
the problem is the American electorate
the American citizenry gets used to this
sort of thing and eventually we'll get
to a point where we think gosh we may go
to war with North Korea well that's just
Wednesday mornings news and we need to
sort of retain a sense of proportion and
what the presidency and what our
government used to be you know with
respect to Facebook Mike I've been
thinking about this you know Facebook
obviously in my opinion I could very
badly and owning up to this and into
really engaging with the authorities
with engaging with journalists but
there's a role for the American people
for people generally here too which is
folks you're putting this stuff up on
Facebook to begin with and it may be
true that Facebook says they're going to
protect you but Facebook and any other
website is hackable so I think people
need to remember that as they put this
stuff up they make it available to
people like the Mercer's to people like
Steve Bannon to use for ill-effect and I
think we all need to remember that let's
just say though with the Facebook
question here congressman just because
you know you're the Republicans on your
panel on the House Intelligence
Committee you just put out a report that
said hey no collusion here what we're
looking at the reports by the Guardian
by this brother by Carol so at the
Guardian the observer in in the UK and
that in the New York Times this looks I
don't think these reports prove
collusion in any way but if you take
these reports about how the connections
between Cambridge Cambridge analytical
Steve Bannon but the Kushner operation
within the Trump campaign you take those
reports and you combine them with what
Bob Muller has already said by issuing
indictments against these Russian the
internet research agency and so on there
is an awful lot of smoke there that at
least opens up a vast expansive area
that if you wanted to really investigate
collusion you can investigate collusion
yet your colleagues Republican
colleagues on the House Intelligence
Committee have effectively said I know
this they are claiming they could issue
a new report at some point in the future
but it essentially said there is no
collusion here giving Trump a talking
point please just address this matter
because it seems to me you
incredibly incredibly important well to
be fair to the Republicans on the
committee they have not said they
absolutely have not said there was no
collusion they said we saw no evidence
of collusion and Mike Conaway very
decent guy was very clear about that
yesterday on the sunday shows now of
course the president seized on that to
say that that true is no collusion right
look we're gonna push do it but they're
doing the president's bidding I mean I
understand no I understand that they can
make that distinction but they know what
the president's going to do with what
their carefully worded was their
carefully worded conclusion no no
question at all and look I'm we're gonna
push to have the transcripts of the many
interviews released because the
Republican questioning always consisted
of this looking at the witness and said
he did and I kid you not
Ramos verbatim did you collude with the
Russians did you see anybody colluding
with Russians did you cooperate did you
see anybody no no no oh okay end of
story now that is not an investigation
obviously but but it is important to
remember that what matters here is what
the American people see in this report
and in those transcripts within this
Facebook story though there's an
important element look it's a free
country you can spend your money any way
you want I get that but there are
billionaires like the Merces who were
literally trying to purchase a new
government what do we do about that well
Mike this this this problem goes back
well before Facebook and manipulating
data looks in citizens united the
mercer's can write a fifty million
dollar check to elect a senator to elect
a congressman to elect a president and
you know state of connecticut we watched
the current administrator the Small
Business Administration spend a hundred
million dollars in to Senate races now
by the way for those people who think
money determines politics she lost both
of those races and now she's the
administrator of the Small Business
Administration but my point is that it's
not just about buying data on Facebook
it's about you know people who were
capable of doing it spending tens of
millions of dollars to influence our
politics I get the First Amendment
arguments in citizens united I bet you
that if Alexander Hamilton and Thomas
Jefferson were sitting here right now
they would not have wanted to create a
system where enormous ly wealthy people
have that kind of influence on our
democracy Josh earnest
jumpin hey congressman it's Josh earnest
here I want to press you on something
you raised it a little earlier about
including statutory protection for Bob
all or in the omnibus bill that has to
be passed before the end of the week
it's pretty I think we can all predict
exactly how Republicans respond to that
idea I'm interested in hearing from you
actually how your fellow Democrats have
responded to the idea is there an
appetite for a fight on this and the
reason I ask is that Democrats do have a
rare porn of leverage here we do know
that there is strong conservative
opposition on Capitol Hill to the
spending bill they're gonna need
Democratic votes to pass this so are
there many Democrats who are willing to
withhold those votes unless the
statutory protection from mr. molars
included in the legislation yeah Josh
that's a great question and and look the
chief obstacle to a statutory special
prosecutor in the Omnibus this week is
in fact the Republicans you know because
you would you would you would find
almost no support for that but you you
make a very important point there are a
whole lot of Democrats who would say hey
let's not do what we did four weeks ago
which is give people the hope that for
example we're gonna shut down the
government or make it look like the
president is shutting down the
government because he doesn't do what he
said he would do for the dreamers on the
daca fix that didn't work that last time
around and look one of the things I keep
urging my fellow Democrats to do and
it's hard to do because dreamers are
important because Bob Muller is so
important is that in the areas and this
is a political statement in the areas
where Democrats need to win where we
don't win Pennsylvania being the the fun
exception you know people are sitting
around a kitchen table with economic
anxieties how do I retire how do I
educate my kids are my wage is ever
going to go up and we need to not lose
sight of the necessity of of offering
solutions along those lines and every
time we sort of go to Russia every time
we go to the dreamers a lot of people
care about that stuff but it is not
directly addressing the kitchen-table
anxieties in play in American families
Congressman Jim Himes thank you very
much for being on this morning
coming up Vladimir Putin cruises to
victory in a reelection effort that was
never in doubt so what will the Russians
strong man do with his new six-year
mandate we'll talk to former US
ambassador Michael McFaul who's been
blacklisted by the Kremlin morning Joe
is coming right back thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
