we start with a restive weekend in the
white house I think that's an
understatement Andrew McCabe fired hours
short of his retirement and he kept his
receipts reportedly handing over notes
on the president to the special counsel
the special counsel subpoenaed the trump
organization as the president's lawyer
wondered aloud whether isn't it time for
the special counsel to be ended and now
the president is fuming on Twitter why
does the Muller team have 13 hardened
Democrats some big crooked Hillary
supporters and zero Republicans worth
noting that Muller James Comey and Ron
Rosenstein are all Republicans so with
that out of the way the president went
on to golf at one of his properties and
across the globe the Russian elections
went off without a hitch Vladimir Putin
running for another term as president
winning another term as president if he
completes it he will have held power in
one way or another for nearly a quarter
century we have quite the set of bylines
with us tonight Whitehouse bureau chief
for The Washington Post and MSNBC
political analyst Philip Rucker NBC News
justice correspondent Pete Williams
reporter for The New York Times Michael
Schmitt national political reporter for
Axios Jonathan Swan and joining the
discussion from New York is staff writer
for the Atlantic
Natasha Bertrand thank you all for being
here tonight I hardly know where to
begin
from the events that have on hold
unfolded over this past week but but
Pete Williams can you lay out for us
what exactly is going on behind the
scenes at the FBI there's so much noise
so many accusations flying but it cut
through it what are the most important
things that we should be focused on here
well I think the most important things
are the work that chris ray is trying to
do to sort of reshape the FBI now the
whole thing with Andrew McCabe remember
was sort of set in motion before Chris
ray became director and what we saw as
the maturation of that in late Friday
and it all began with in October of 2016
when Andrew McCabe did an interview with
the reporter for The Wall Street Journal
who was asking about he was trying to
check out what he had heard which was
that the FBI was slow rolling an
investigation of the Clinton
Foundation so we called the FBI and said
is this true McCabe authorized talking
to him to say no it's not that the FBI
was pushing ahead but they were getting
resistance from the Justice Department
the meantime after the election the
Inspector General the Justice Department
decided to do an investigation of how
the FBI did the whole Hillary Clinton
case and found out about this and what
we're told now and the trouble we have
here is none of us have seen the
Inspector General report that triggered
the McCabe firing but what we've what
we've been told is that when McCabe was
asked about this he didn't tell the
truth and that's why they fired him and
there have been Republic some
Republicans out today saying it's
possible that there is an even Adam
Schiff who's a Democrat saying well we
don't know necessarily we haven't seen
this report that you brought out and
that there could have been cause well
that's the trouble we just we just don't
know I will say this though a lot of the
things that we've heard out of the White
House of the past few days about McCabe
and about the whole Russia investigation
have nothing to do with what we are told
is the reason that the cave was fired
the whole question about the Russian
meddling and everything else other
things that they've raised have nothing
to do with this very singular rather
surgical reason that they got rid of
again and Michael Schmitt I mean the
statement from the cave defending
himself I thought was stunning where he
essentially said look this has become
political I told the House Intelligence
Committee that I could back up James
Comey and therefore I've been fired for
political reasons he has really latched
on to Comey and sort of to make the
argument that he's done nothing wrong
here to sort of say that I am a victim
of Trump and it's sort of an interesting
political play McCabe is much more
skilled than your average FBI agent it's
sort of knowing how to be a politician
he's a good speaker in public and he's
sort of taking a Comey escalade now he
has memos he kept memos just the way
that Comey did and he's sort of banking
on that as the way of trying to deflect
from what could be some damaging things
here in an inspector general's report I
mean his he was pointing out to me
before we came on set the most senior
career person at the Justice Department
signed off on this and that's not a
political person right fill record take
us behind the scenes at the White House
over the past couple of days the
president's lawyer John Dowd come with a
stunning statement taking on the special
counsel in a way that is really a marked
departure from the strategy that they
had applied so far that's right the
strategy all along had been to not
antagonize Moeller you'll notice the
President Trump never mentioned Muller
by name in his tweets over these many
months about the rest of matter but that
seems to have shifted it started
Saturday morning with John Dowd the
president's personal attorney issuing
the statement saying that the Malheur
investigation should come to a close he
initially told The Daily Beast that he
was speaking for the president then he
quickly backtracked and said no no I'm
speaking for myself not for the
president but we all know Donald Trump
he's done this before where he'll have
surrogates his lawyers who spokespeople
his advisors sort of float bold ideas to
test-drive them in the marketplace I
have no doubt that that Trump had
something to do with that statement
Trump wasn't okay what the statement is
exactly what Trump believes I talked to
a number of senior White House officials
over the weekend who said look the
president for a while now has wanted
this investigation to be over he thinks
it's becoming a giant fishing expedition
and then again today and and late last
night we saw tweets where he invoked
Moeller's name and really ratcheted up
the the the aggression
Jonathan Swan what would even know from
your reporting but the president's mood
kind of behind the scenes they knew all
of this people you know his mood is
variable and often people say you know
that's like a vast understatement but
you know people say you know he's fuming
and he's red
offered he's just watching TV like often
it's just him in real time tweeting from
TV and like last weekend he was
positively Diddy he was calling people
because he'd just been on that rampage
with North Korea and the tariffs where
he basically had told John Kelly to go
shove it with his organizational
principles and it was now Trump's White
House and was careening around the
building doing whatever he wanted now
this stuff really gets under his skin
and particularly when you see reports
that talk about the Trump Organization
or anything that starts to encroach upon
his personal business dealings right
that's when steam really starts to go
out of his ears and also whenever he
sees people that he he does care about
like hope
in the news that's another thing that
kind of triggers him well and John Dowd
had been described in reporting that
that several of you around this table
had done as somebody who was calming the
president down by saying this was all
gonna be over first by Thanksgiving or
Christmas and then the new year and
obviously now still going and we have
the trey gowdy was on Fox News Sunday
this morning with a an interesting
comments from about John Dowd mr.
Trump's lawyer in which he called for an
end to the mullet probe I think the
president attorney frankly does him a
disservice when he says that and when he
frames the investigation that way so to
suggest that Muller should shut down and
that all he is looking at is collusion
if you have an innocent client mr. Dowd
act like it Natasha Bertrand if your
clients innocent act like it
it's a really fair point and that is
something that you know the president
should take to heart as well with all of
his tweets over the past two days
slamming the Moller investigation it
really raises questions about you know
whether or not he is laying the
groundwork to kind of fire the special
counsel I think that with regard to John
Dodd statement yesterday it doesn't seem
like it was entirely premeditated I mean
these are lawyers that John Dowd and Ty
Cobb Trump's lawyers who came on to
represent him as part of the Special
Counsel investigation these are lawyers
who are known for kind of playing fast
and loose I mean we saw John Dowd and Ty
Cobb kind of have a very loud
conversation at a restaurant one day
last summer about the investigation Ty
Cobb of course has been known to kind of
go off in emails on reporters myself
included and now we have John Dowd who
kind of issued the statement to The
Daily Beast at first saying that he was
speaking you know on on behalf of the
President and then saying that he was
only speaking for himself and Ty Cobb of
course would not comment on the record
to me but I think it's safe to say that
this is not something that he had
anticipated and something that he had
actually consulted with the other
lawyers about so whether or not I think
that that Jonathan was right when he
said that perhaps all of this is kind of
just Trump watching TV and perhaps John
Dowd filling his mind a little bit with
you know negative thoughts about the
special counsel but it doesn't seem like
anything entirely kind of planned at
this point
it's also worth pointing out that John
doubt just to give viewers some sense
this is a guy who writes his emails in
purple Comic Sans yesterday when he
issued this mes a quoted from cats on
the Hot Tin Roof from Tennessee Williams
which you pointed ours on Turner Classic
Movies and you pretty getting brackets
like references this this part of the
scene equals the bureau
this parts comics I mean this is not
your usual sort of lawyering that we're
saying to say the least yeah you were
like what do you know about these
lawyers I mean you've obviously they've
been in this orbit in your orbit for
many years well it's wishful thinking
that the Muller investigation was going
to be over by Thanksgiving or Christmas
I'm not insurance gonna be over by this
Thanksgiving or Christmas I think we all
certainly hope so but it's gonna go
until he figures he doesn't have
anything more to go for so the idea that
they would try to calm down the
president with that hopeful
eventualities was unfortunate pipe dream
Michael Schmitt you reported this week
that special counsel Bob Muller has
subpoenaed the Trump Organization in
what's the first known instance of the
special counsel demanding records
directly from the president's businesses
president also told you over the summer
that prying into his business's finances
could be a red line finances is that
what is actual
and you and Maggie Haberman Michael are
now reporting the Trump's lawyers got a
list of questions from the Muller team
why what's the rationale there I mean
they're still working on this negotiated
well that's the thing about Dowd is that
for the past few months dad's most
important job on a day-to-day basis has
been negotiating with Muller's office
about the interview what are the terms
going to be how long is it going to go
for and they don't even want the
president to sit down they've been
having to deal with the president who
really wants to go and explain himself
now doubt has to come back to the table
with Muller who he just said over the
weekend should be shut down and come to
terms on this interview and I think the
White House I mean I think the president
would really like to sit down because he
sees that as sort of the end to this and
he thinks he's his own best spokesman
and he can really explain it but the
lawyers see it as this huge problem I
mean the president I mean is you know I
was lucky enough to sit with him in July
he starts talking and he just doesn't
stop by the way on that red line
business and looking at the question
again refreshes my memory you said if
they look at your finances unrelated to
Russia so I don't know what we make of
whether the subpoenas last week are in
fact crossing the red line anyway I mean
it's sort of a fault aliy built red line
and as we saw under Obama the whole red
line thing it contrived yeah so I don't
know we wish we could go back and drill
down a little bit more yeah Pete
Williams
there's some new polling out from NBC
News Wall Street Journal that shows the
FBI's approval rating with the public
dropping five percent since January when
it had seemed before as though they were
becoming more popular what's and it is
still you know we should point out
positively viewed way more than most
other Institute or than the press for
example and the Congress I and the
president for that matter
what do you what is your sense of what
the danger is to the FBI here and you
know as somebody who's covered it for
many decades
I mean how extraordinary do people
inside the FBI feel this moment is so on
the first question of what's going on
with the polling it's interesting
because I've been watching it over the
past I went back and looked at our own
NBC News polling and it's steadily had
gone up I mean I I suppose we started
polling around the time of the the whole
church Pike Committee thing when the FBI
was in serious trouble
but it's its credibility had been rising
so that's interesting that it that it
clicked down a little bit clearly FBI is
worried that they need public confidence
they need people to come to them they
want people to have confidence that they
can tell the FBI what about trouble and
by the way you know there was this whole
screw-up with the tip about Nicolas Cage
this Florida shooter I'm told by the FBI
that since that happened and since the
FBI is extensive maiya culpa the number
of calls to that tip line is actually up
so that's a positive sign a full record
what do you see is the next iteration
here I mean there's been a lot of
reporting and speculation about who may
be the next to go in the White House the
members of Congress there are renewed
calls for potentially legislation to
protect Muller how far do you think the
president is going to take this and how
quickly I don't know it's interesting
and in Congress we see some vocal calls
to protect Muller but there's actually
legislation to try to protect him that
has not come to the floor it does not
have the support of the Republican
leadership of either chamber either the
house or the same Senate I don't know if
that changes this weekend but I think
the president is sort of testing out how
far he can go
he clearly wants this to end he's
bothered by the Russian investigation he
feels like it's a cloud over his
presidency that is really inhibiting his
ability to get something done and his
ability to have credibility with the
majority of the American people so he'd
like it to be over I don't think he's
actually getting to the point where he
would pull the trigger and order the
firing of Muller that would be a huge a
huge move that as many lawmakers said
today would would spark a constitutional
crisis right and there are many calls
from Democrats at least to say hey get
out in front of that crisis Pete
Williams thank you very much for your
time tonight I really appreciate you
coming in hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
