my organization is called free America
because we're not free yet we have a lot
of work to do we're paying attention and
we're voting are we voting everybody
singer/songwriter John Legend has
emerged as one of the most politically
engaged artists of the Trump era
traveling the country to help candidates
and a fight for voters rights I got a
chance to sit down with John earlier to
ask him about his activism his news
consumption habits and his relationship
with longtime friend Kanye West since
Kanye came out as a big trump supporter
where do you get your politics I get it
I started out as a kid home-schooled
early years and we would go to the
library and when I decided I wanted to
read about something it was usually
about like Martin Luther King or another
civil rights hero like Harriet Tubman
and I was always inspired by people who
fought for justice particularly African
Americans who came up in slavery or in
Jim Crow and and decided to fight for
justice and equality so I was always
inspired by that when I was a kid and
when I was fifteen I wrote an essay for
a black history essay competition
sponsored by McDonald's of all places
and they said how are you gonna make
black history and I literally said I'm
going to become a famous singer and I'm
gonna use my career and my influence as
a musician to fight for justice
inequality and the betterment of my
community and so I've literally been
living that since thinking about like
how are you as a entertainer public
person a person with a certain amount of
social capital like marshaling that
towards these kind of political justice
ends yeah from teenagers from teenage
years I'm really into politics I've
watched you guys all junkie are you I'm
a news junkie I read you know all the
big articles that come out I watch you
guys and I pay attention I pay attention
to what's happening and I'm intrigued by
it and I have opinions about it and I I
can't shut up it'd be better for me
financially if I would shut up more but
I just feel like I can't shut up do you
find that people being like chill
without the power well I'm sure there
are people that won't buy my record or
go to my concert because they don't like
what I say politically but they're also
probably some people that like me now
right yeah well they oh they like me
more because I'm honest and authentic
about these things so it's probably a
net loss but it's worth it for me
can we talk about Kanye is that cool
yeah we can I mean I just it's
interesting because I think it was
interesting to watch your relationship
with him you know you've known him since
2001 I think you guys hooked up yeah we
met and we met in this in the spring of
2001 and in some way sort of I found it
a very relatable little intimate moment
because America is such a divided place
and here you're watching two people play
on the big screen two people that are
very dear to each other kind of working
that out yes how do you feel about
reconciling that because it's a thing a
lot of people in the world right now in
the country like they're dealing with
their high school classmates they're
cousins they're onto their friends on
Facebook in this time when people feel
so upset and angry about who this
president is and what he's doing and
finding a way to have conversations with
those folks is difficult well I think
part of the way in I think is talking
about issues that are personal to you
that you care about and so a lot of
times I think when you talk with family
members maybe its health care is
important to you and talk about what you
agree on when it comes to those issues
and the interesting thing about the
polling on a lot of these issues is most
people are for universal health care
most people are for more gun
restrictions
most people are for a lot of ideas that
people consider progressive but are
actually pretty mainstream ideas when
you kind of divorce them from the
partisan politics but once you in view
the power part is you put the magnet on
it yeah once you place it on once you
put it on it's like you're on this team
and I'm on that team and
it's hard to have a conversation once
you're on separate teams like that but
if you start talking about issues and
issues of justice and fairness and
equality and really just human issues I
feel like that's where you can have a
conversation have you are you a cool or
you we're cool the crazy thing about it
is Kanye never talked about politics
with me I think people I think people
thought he was more political than he
ever was because what he said about
George Bush during Katrina and a few of
his songs but he's just not really that
much of a political thinker in general
one way or the other we never had
conversations about it and so when I'm
around him like I can easily not talk
about politics with him because I never
did talk about politics with him you um
you've been real focused on criminal
justice reform yup girly and really like
in the weeds of it I'm yeah it's a
really interesting initiative in
Louisiana which is one of two states in
the nation that you don't need a
unanimous verdict for an Vic right
that's something you're working on yes
and then there's there's amendment for
we're gonna talk about here in Florida
DAP does seem a place you both have
first-hand experience of how mass
incarceration affects people and also a
place where it does seem to me like the
needle is moving in the right direction
yeah and I believe this particular issue
in Florida with the amendment for is is
is one of those issues I was talking
about before just appeal to someone's
fundamental sense of fairness and
humanity and its really a bipartisan
issue and it's pulling in a bipartisan
way all kinds of people around the state
agree that folks shouldn't be punished
forever for a crime they commit most
people commit their crimes in their you
know early 20s late teens and after that
most people don't commit crimes period
and then most felons in this state 75%
of them never even did prison time so
whatever they did wasn't even severe
enough for the state even in an
overinflated criminal justice system
where we imprison too many people 75% of
the felons
in Florida didn't even go to prison so
we didn't think it was that serious to
begin with
now you're gonna punish them the rest of
their lives and say they can't vote for
the rest of their lives and so I think
this is polling so well because it
appeals to people's fundamental sense of
fairness this is not fair that people
are being punished for the rest of their
lives for something they did when they
were young and something they've already
paid whatever that society is deemed
they should pay they paid it and we
shouldn't continue to exclude them from
society they should be able to work they
should be able to have housing they
should be able to vote they should be
part of the community because when you
exclude them from the community that's
when they go back and commit more crimes
you seem like you're your outlook I mean
it's it's a time in the country people
feel like they're a lot of people feel
like it's very dark times you hear a lot
about like just how raw and we're
watching the Cavanaugh hearing get all
the sort of sexual trauma that people
are arguing with assault you you strike
me as someone who's just very kind of
optimistic in your outlook about I am
I'm I think I'm naturally optimistic so
my my kind of disposition is to be
optimistic cuz I talk to people to the
news junkies all the time I can imagine
right here and like people are just like
round up like that like I said July the
things I read I get upset when I see the
president mocking sexual assault
survivors I get upset when I see some of
the things happening in this country but
my optimistic side takes over when I
come to Florida and I see that even 60%
of Republicans are for this amendment
for what I see that a lot of change is
happening on the state local level that
that's being driven in a really
bipartisan way when you kind of separate
national politics from these issues a
lot of times people agree a lot more
than we think we do and I see a lot of
opportunity for change in these areas
even though
often frustrated by what's happening
nationally
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
