Betsy is this a wish that is being put
forward in your view by John Dowd or is
this a prelude to the President of the
United States actually calling on rod
Rosenstein to end this investigation I
can tell you for sure that this is the
wife John dad once it happens good
morning and welcome to am joy on
Saturday during this very show Donald
Trump's personal attorney John Dowd
urged Deputy Attorney General rod
Rosenstein the man overseeing Special
Counsel Robert Muller's Russia
investigation to end the probe now doubt
first claimed to be speaking as Donald
Trump's legal counsel but then he
backtracked
the one thing I can tell you that I can
break on air is I've been emailing back
and forth with John Dowd this morning he
just emailed me to say that he hopes
I'll share with you all that he was
speaking in his personal capacity and
was not speaking on behalf of the
president initially when he initially
emailed me this morning I asked him are
you giving me this quote on behalf of
the president yeah he replies yes he's
speaking at his counsel so I put that in
the story that's what the story ran now
he's emailing me to walk that back to
say actually he wants people to view
this as him speaking in his personal
capacity and not speaking on behalf of
the president so I just want to make
that clear
that's another email that I've gotten
from Dowd right this morning well in a
statement later distributed to multiple
news organizations doubt said he praised
quote that acting Attorney General Rosen
Stein will follow the brilliant and
courageous example of the FBI Office of
Professional Responsibility and attorney
general Jeff Sessions and bring an end
to the alleged Russia collusion
investigation manufactured he sent by
McCabe's boss James Comey based upon a
fraudulent and corrupt dossier unquote
he also threw in a quote from cat and a
Hot Tin Roof for good measure which is
probably fitting because by many
accounts the tensions over at 1600
Pennsylvania Avenue are turning into a
21st century Tennessee Williams drama
and we've all got front-row seats to the
shattering of our very own Glass
Menagerie Dowd's gambit could be just
the latest distraction from the real
plotline the White House drowning in
allegations of collusion infidelity hush
payoffs in general chaos or it could be
a shift in Trump's legal strategy as the
heat from Bob mullahs probe moves closer
and closer to the Oval Office it would
take a hell of a playwright to dream
this stuff up join me now by phone is
congressman luis gutierrez from illinois
and congressman Gutierrez good morning
to you first of all good morning Joey
good to be with you thank you good to be
with you too now we know that you are
among more than one member of Congress
including a representative mark Pocan
who have offered mr. mchabe a job
essentially saying that if Andrew McCabe
would like to come and work for either
mark Pocan or yourself and I believe
there might be other Democratic Congress
people coming forward he could then come
to work for you and then have enough
time and tenure to get his his full
pension why are you and other Democrats
doing that sir well first of all because
we think it's patently unfair and
political that he was fired and 10
o'clock at night on a Friday night and
it was political and that should not
have happened they should have let the
natural course of events play out but of
course mr. McCabe's wife as the
president has told us on repeated
occasion is a Democrat and so what the
hell does your wife being a Democrat
have to do with your public service so I
like mmm how would I say this to you I
like balance right I like balance in
life and I think it would be balance
that mr. McCabe after nearly 22 years of
service who was 26 hours away from
pension and if I can help make that
happen and bring some balance to the
situation then I think mr. McCabe should
come down here's all I understand and
I'm no expert on these rules it's you
need to have 20 years of service and you
need to reach the age of 50 so we
already had 20 more years but he didn't
reach the age he was 26 hours short of
being 50 years old there should not be a
reason listen you're going to tell me
that the Attorney General of the United
States who lied to Congress when he went
to go get
confirmed and said oh no I never spoke
to the Russert who is part and parcel of
this chaotic administration that we have
and Donald Trump yeah mister I tell the
truth all of the time I'm now going to
pass judgment on Angela Cates
26 hours of course I know this was mean
this was vindictive and we should have a
little balance that's all I'm doing
yeah indeed have you heard back from mr.
McCabe on your office no haven't heard
haven't heard back from them but I hope
that he comes by and look I'm being very
very clear very transparent
if this resolves the issue on the other
hand quite honestly if he wants to stay
and work in the office through July the
2nd of 2019 which is my last day in
Congress he's welcome to come and work
for you no I'm on the Judiciary
Committee I am one of the proponents of
the articles of impeachment of this
president and we love and we are sure
that he could be of great value and
great service to us I'm the Judiciary
Committee as eric says I want to read
you what the chairman of the committee
that you serve on the House Judiciary
Committee Bob Goodlatte had to say about
the firing of Andrew McCabe he said I
applaud Attorney General Jeff Sessions
for taking action and firing former FBI
director Andrew McCabe prior to his
scheduled retirement mr. McCabe's
actions of tarnis reputation of the FBI
America's premier law enforcement agency
what do you make of Republicans
including the chairman of your committee
attacking Andrew McCabe and applauding
him being fired such that he could not
get his pension think about it a moment
the Judiciary Committee which I'm a
member and the Chairman as if that
statement has done nothing absolutely
not although we have jurisdiction over
the Justice Department we have done
absolutely nothing amounts of represent
so this is a do-nothing committee where
everybody knows bills go to die and
which has done effectively nothing to
safeguard the Constitution I mean being
on the Judiciary Committee is to
safeguard the Constitution and the
greatest values of our democracy and yet
it is the committee that has been
completely silent look this is an
administration that
we know and I don't think it's funny
that we've got a porn star attacking the
president I think it's really sad that
we have a point that but you know what
let me just be very very very clear the
President of the United States lied to
us he's a tall I don't even know that
woman we have nothing to do with her but
now he's involved in a gag order to keep
her all right in silence what is it that
the president is so afraid of you know
Joey it always surprises me because he's
quick to Twitter on anybody he perceives
as being a threat or criticizing him but
he doesn't criticize the port start
north or north
none of the attorney representing the
point back I wonder what's there and if
the President had to pay a hundred and
thirty thousand dollars to a porn star
in the United States of America are
there any porn stars in Russia that he
doesn't want to find out about good
questions and like you said I wish that
we had a House Judiciary Committee that
would ask some of them but we appreciate
you doing so yeah in deacon won't
so won't won't do it but you know what
that's why we're up this morning to ask
those questions
absolutely q Thank You congressman luis
Gutierrez appreciate you and have a
great Sunday thank you and joining me
now a Natasha Burt Ron staff writer at
the Atlantic MSNBC justice and security
analyst Matthew Miller Daily Beast
politics reporter Betsy Woodruff and
legal and political analyst Eric Guster
and Betsy I got to go to you first
because yesterday you were kind of the
star of our show with all that breaking
news and information that you were
bringing us give us any updates that you
have on the on-again off-again person
that says he's speaking for the
president then says he's not the lawyer
John Dowd at this point this morning is
his statement that was given to you and
then to NBC News and other outlets
operative as a statement on behalf of
the president that he wants this probe
ended without a doubt it's his statement
is operative it's not operative on me
how did the president as far as he's
told me the most recent thing he told me
as you highlighted at the top of this
show was that he decided after I
published my story that he was speaking
on in his personal capacity not in his
capacity as the president's lawyer
however President Trump essentially all
but tweeted what dad said he tweeted
that the molar probe never should have
started that it was something of a witch
hunt and
it was created based on false pretences
so it certainly seems like everything
that doubt said overlaps perfectly with
what the president said it just goes a
little bit farther
another thing we know is that the
president sometimes I don't know if
that's this is the case now but the
president sometimes has people in his
orbit makes statements that go a little
bit farther than he would like them to
to see what kind of response they get I
don't have reporting on whether the
president directed Dowd to go a step or
two further that he did in his tweet but
for all practical purposes
that's what Dowd did and of course at
the same time we're seeing a huge amount
of pushback after my story I ran a host
of Senate Democrats including Mark
Warner who is the vice chairman of the
the powerful Senate Intelligence
Committee and who actually seems to have
a good relationship with the Republican
who runs that committee tweeted he was
very concerned about the development and
that he believes the that Congress needs
to take steps to try to protect the
Moller probe so it's very much a live
story and at this point we're certainly
keeping a close eye on mr. Dowd yes
indeed and Natasha here with me at the
table then the term contemporaneous
notes became a very important phrase
when Jim Comey was fired and then
announced that he had kept notes those
are now in the hands of Bob Muller so
too
are the notes in Andrew McCabe kept the
handful of memos that he took he took
notes about his interactions with Donald
Trump
Axios reporting last night that he's
already given an interview to Bob Muller
and that he's already handed over his
memos his notes to Bob Muller Donald
Trump waking up early this morning at
8:22 a.m. after a dose of Fox and
Friends apparently and tweeted spent
very little time with Andrew McCabe but
he never took notes when he was with me
I don't believe he made memos except to
help his own agenda probably at a later
date same with lying James Comey can we
call them fake memos trying to push back
already
against contemporaneous notes of course
anybody who's dealt with an attorney a
lawyer an FBI agent knows they don't
take notes in front of you Donald Trump
they take notes as soon as they leave
the room exactly and that's what James
Comey did as soon as the he left these
meetings with Trump in which he asked
Comey to drop the investigation into
Michael Flynn or considered dropping it
and she announced publicly that he was
not under investigation Comey went into
his car and he drafted the memos can't
Iranian slave is there not something
that he will be in the meeting with
Trump just taking down notes on what he
says and the same thing happened
apparently with Andy McCabe now it's not
clear it's not totally clear whether
those include notes about McCabe's own
conversations with Comey in which Comey
would likely describes in mccabe and did
according to all reporting the
conversations that he had with the
president so not only does mccabe have
first-hand experience with the president
you know we don't actually know what
they spoke about but he also is a
witness to this investigation because he
was communicating with Comey so these
are two people that are very very
important to Muller's probe and gems of
whether or not the president obstructed
justice who Trump is now going after and
it's very revealing and we already know
Matthew Miller from the testimony that
we've already heard from Andrew McCabe
but in his interactions with Donald
Trump he was asked who he voted for
which seems completely inappropriate
he was chided about his wife and sort of
subjected to put-downs about her having
lost the race that she ran in the state
of Virginia so you already have Donald
Trump sort of playing fast and loose
with the way that you typically treat
the Department of Justice we now have in
addition to that Donald Trump in his
morning tweet storm at 8:35 a.m. this
morning
Matthew tweeting why does Muller team at
13 hardened Democrats some big crooked
Hillary supporters and zero Republicans
another dem recently added does anyone
think this is fair and yet there is no
collusion we are not the old Soviet
Union when there's a Politburo and you
have to be a member of the
state-sanctioned party in order to work
in government but Donald Trump
apparently thinks only Republicans are
allowed to work in government unless
they're Andrew McCabe and they're
married to a democratic yeah that's
right look you can smell the fear coming
through in the president's tweets this
morning he seems to be very nervous all
of a sudden about this probe and if you
look at the developments of the last few
weeks I think they give you some clue
why we found out that the the Bob Muller
has subpoenaed his personal business for
records we found out last night from the
New York Times that they've submitted
questions to him that will have given
him some idea of what they're looking at
and he found out yesterday that that
Andrew McCabe kept memos of their
interactions and if they're anything
like Jim Comey's memos they are gonna
show in startling detail the president's
inappropriate requests of law
enforcement which he has done really
going back to the first days of this
administration I think we are really at
one of the most dangerous times right
now for the
Moeller Pro because you have not just
the president's anger the president's
nervousness the president's fear but you
also have these reports in the last few
weeks that the president is increasingly
comfortable that he knows how to do this
job and he doesn't want people telling
him no anymore he wants to do what he
wants he's not gonna listen to people
that tell him he shouldn't take rash
actions I think when you combine those
two trends it puts us on a very perilous
path and potentially you know a very
dangerous set of actions from the
president in the next few weeks yeah and
there is a sense Eric that Donald Trump
is sort of unburdening himself from
anyone with any sort of common sense in
the White House and trying to only get
down to people who will do what he says
and let him do what he wants but he's
also doing some things that are strange
for somebody who's under investigation
he's already fired Jim Comey which is
what triggered the Moller investigation
now this morning we're going back in
time to 802 am any tweets now Wow
watch Comey lie under oath to Senator
gee who's senator gee but asked have you
ever been an anonymous source or known
anyone else to be an anonymous source
he said strongly never no he lied showed
I showed on Oh his favorite source of
news Fox and Friends Donald Trump seems
to be walking into some pretty serious
slander against Jim Comey slander
against McCabe attacking his wife none
of this seems to be intelligent politics
or from a legal standpoint now it's a
it's a minefield for him on the legal
standpoint we call this consciousness of
guilt joy and when people are being
investigated they act out and they try
they tweet they send letters they make
phone calls asking people to stop the
investigation asking people to lie for
them asking people to perjure themselves
for their benefit that is conscious of
guilt and when a jury trial occurs if
one occurs for for Donald Trump these
things will be in evidence
everything about this campaign
everything about this this organization
is a it's a it's a train wreck that we
are watching happen and Donald Trump is
the conductor he's used to being at the
top of the top of the food chain and his
organization's he's used to not
listening to everyone he's used to
people kissing up to him that is why he
doesn't listen to people who have common
sense those around them him aren't
surely telling him hey man chill out
stop doing this but he's going to do
anyway and he watches Fox and Friends he
tweets their quotes he tweets their
segments because that is his source of
news and they are pandering to him and
to their audience for him and this is
shameful for the United States let's get
a real quick round robin on what we
think is gonna happen and meanwhile
Comey is also talking to you tweet mr.
president the American people hear my
story very soon they can judge for
themselves he's got a book coming out
let's go around get some reporting Betsy
Woodruff on whether or not Donald Trump
is winding up to firing or forcing the
firing of mother it seems like where
he's at in terms of just his view as of
the last 24 hours on Muller is he likely
feels emboldened by the firing of McCabe
and is almost certainly speculating
about it it's something he's interested
in and what happens if that happens
Matthew Miller very quickly what happens
inside the Justice Department if that
happens do you think the roses I will do
it
I don't think rod Rosen Stein well I
think the president would have to fire
his way down to find something who would
I think what the president's doing right
now is testing the waters seeing if
Republicans push back on him and if he
if they don't hear if he doesn't hear
that kind of pushback you'll see him
move very quickly Eric Guster what
happens from a legal standpoint if he
fires Muller is that an additional
obstruction of justice charge oh is
obstruction of justice but he's going to
play poker if he knows an indictment is
about to happen he's going to get rid of
him it's easier to get rid of him from
one that he knows is going to happen and
last but not least Natasha will
Republicans push back in any way if
Donald Trump accomplishes the firing of
Muller you're already seeing a little
bit of pushback Lindsey Graham said this
morning that it would be catastrophic it
would be the end of his presidency if he
tried to fire Muller that being said
there has been no effort by the
Republicans to advance this long-stalled
legislation to protect the special
counsel absolutely we have the House
Judiciary Chairman appraising the
sacking of Andrew McCabe without a
pension Natasha will be back Mac Mathieu
Matthew Miller can't talk this morning
Betsy Woodruff Eric Guster thank you all
very much and up next it's March Madness
at the White House stay with us
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
