we've been approached by six separate
women who tell six stories we have not
vetted those stories we are in the very
preliminary stages of determining the
veracity of those stories we haven't
determined whether we're going to
represent them that we are at the very
very early stages welcome back to am joy
in the last 24 hours we've heard
explosive allegations by stormy Daniels
attorney Michael avenatti that Daniels
was physically threatened to stay silent
about her alleged affair with Donald
Trump and as you just heard Daniels
whose legal name is Stephanie Clifford
may not all may not be the only woman
allegedly paid to stay quiet
Clifford filed a suit last week against
Trump over a non-disclosure agreement
she claims is invalid because Trump
never signed it though his attorney
Michael Cohen did late on Friday Trump
and Cohen filed paperwork to try and get
that lawsuit transferred from California
state court to federal court you know
where the president appoints the judges
Trump and his lawyers claimed that
Daniels owes Trump 20 million dollars
that's 20 million dollars in damages 1
million dollars each for 20 alleged
breaches of the hush agreement join me
now is Michael
avenatti attorney for stormy Daniels and
Michael thank you so much for being here
you certainly made a lot of news in the
last 24 hours I want to start with the
biggest piece of news that you made
which was this allegation that threats
were made against your client can you
tell us who made those threats well joy
first of all thanks for having me this
morning it's it's not an allegation it's
a fact and when the American people are
permitted to hear from my client and
hopefully they will hear from my client
shortly they will learn the details
relating to these threats and they will
judge for themselves as to whether she's
telling the truth and can be believed
well you say hopefully did she did
stormy Daniels as Miss did miss Clifford
detailed those threats in her interview
with 60 minutes I'm not gonna get into
the content of that interview I think
people need to tune in to the interview
I'm confident that when they do they
will learn the details that I've just
referenced and again they're gonna judge
for themselves as to whether she's
telling the truth and whether she's
credible are
you concerned that the legal actions now
against you against your client by the
prezi United States will stop that
interview from airing well we certainly
hope not and and all indications are
that CBS is going to stay the course and
stay true to their mission to air that
interview and allow the American people
to judge for themselves
as to whether my client is credible and
I am highly confident that when they
have an opportunity to hear from my
client when they have an opportunity to
observe her body language and hear what
she has to say that they will conclude
that she is absolutely credible and they
will conclude that she has a significant
amount of veracity and is to be believed
and to the extent that the President or
mr. Cohen or anyone else wants to come
forward and provide a counter-narrative
or a separate version of the facts they
should do so and we're gonna let the
American people decide who's telling the
truth and who's not shooting straight
with them just one more time on the
threat Siddhant I know you don't want to
disclose exactly who you're saying made
the threats but can you say whether or
not it is somebody related to the Trump
Organization the Trump campaign or the
Trump family I'm not going to provide
any further comment relating to the
threats at this time okay what about I'm
just the question of whether or not the
the fact of those threats as you say
being made is that a part of your
lawsuit against Donald Trump well I mean
I think it is part of the lawsuit
against Donald Trump the the complaint
is very broad as most complaints are we
haven't detailed all the facts of the
evidence that we have at our disposal
that support the allegations in the
complaint nor would we no good lawyer
would at this point and so we have we
have a lot of facts we have a lot of
evidence that has not been disclosed yet
and that will be disclosed as this
litigation continues I'm confident on it
so just to be clear as currently
submitted to the court does your lawsuit
contain allegations of threats against
your client yes it does does your
lawsuit as it's currently submitted to
the court contain details of what miss
Daniels has whether she has text
messages photos video and other
corroborating evidence
- the relationship with Donald Trump no
we have not set forth details of that
nature in the complaint does she have
such things I'm not going to answer that
question yeah and and because you know
it's interesting a lot of people are you
know you look at Donald Trump's history
he's a person who's been quite proud of
the fact that he's had relationships
many relationships with women
he's never hidden even extramarital
relationships in the you know for most
people who have observed from over the
years he used to pretend to be John
Barron and try to plant information
about who he was dating in the New York
tabloids do you have a sense of why it
is that your client specifically seems
to have elicited such fear from the
President of the United States why her
well I'm gonna speculate because she's
very very credible I mean she is a force
to be reckoned with this is a very very
intelligent woman perceptive credible
and I think the American people have a a
preconceived notion of her that is
really going to be blown out of the
water when they tune into this interview
and I think they're gonna be very
impressed whether they're on the left or
the right or in the middle I think
they're gonna be very impressed with
this woman they're gonna be impressed
with the way that she conducts herself
in the interview they're gonna be
impressed by what she has to say and
they're gonna find her credible but but
but the bottom line here is our position
joy has always been the same and it is
not wavered she should be permitted to
speak to the American people to the
extent that the president and mr. Cohen
have a different version of events they
should come on your show or any other
shows or hold a press conference and
provide their version of events to the
American people and the American people
should decide who's telling the truth
they are welcome to do so I want to put
that out right now if the president
United States would like to come on this
show and rebut these allegations by
stormy Daniels
the door is open you certainly can come
on or send your representatives on mr.
avenatti how long is the storming
Daniel's alleged that she had this
relationship with Donald Trump I'm not
going to get into the details of the
relationship and I mean I think that's
what the interview is for absolutely
does she
have knowledge of other women who've had
relationships with Donald Trump I'm not
at liberty to disclose that now you have
said in other interviews that you have
now heard from other women who have also
been either approached to sign NDA's
non-disclosure agreements or who have or
who are in sort of similar situations in
situations too stormy Daniels how many
women are we talking about we have been
contacted by six women who have
strikingly similar versions of events to
that of my client but I want to stress
and I have been very very clear and I'm
going to continue to be clear about this
we have not vetted these allegations we
have not vetted these stories very often
joy as you well know when something of
this nature breaks people come out of
the woodwork a lot of people make a lot
of accusations very often they are found
to not have any basis in fact or reality
and we are in the process of vetting
these stories and these allegations we
haven't decided if we're going to
represent these women but we're going to
get to a significant point at some point
in the not so distant future we'll make
the determination as to whether they're
believable and then we will decide
whether we're going to represent them
but it is too early for me to be able to
tell you definitively that what they
have said is accurate and therefore I'm
not going to do it all right to keep
stay with me Michael I want to bring in
some more legal minds here when I bring
in my panel on brandy as it draws me who
was a reporter for NBC News Danny
Cevallos is an MSNBC legal analyst and
Lisa bloom is an attorney for the Blum
firmly Simon I'm gonna come to you
quickly on this first because the the
question of why Donald Trump seems to
you know they're two people Donald Trump
won't criticize Vladimir Putin in stormy
Daniels she seems to be I mean they're
19 women accusing him of unwanted sexual
advances he openly attacks them and
threatens them he is not by name
specifically at attack door Daniel well
I think one reason is that she's
lawyered up with this very fine attorney
Michael avenatti and he has to be
concerned Donald Trump does that
anything he says can be the basis for
more claims a defamation claim a false
light claim in addition obviously she
has the goods on him but I want to be
really clear about something why is
Donald Trump going after her so hard for
the 20 million dollars
there are other women who had signed
confidentiality agreements I am very
sure of that and he's trying to send a
message to all of them I'm going to come
after you I'm going to financially ruin
you and that's why it's so important
that stormy Daniels is standing up and
that's why it's important that she has a
very aggressive lawyer and how how this
being moved having this case moved into
federal court what does that do to
stormy days so first of all it is moved
into federal court because it's it's a
notice of removal it's not a motion
which some people have said inaccurately
so it is now removed to federal court
mister avenatti can then file a motion
to get it back to state court if he
wants and he's moved it to federal court
I think because they're more likely to
send it back to arbitration under the
FAA the Federal Arbitration Act but look
I think either the state or the federal
court is probably going to kick it back
to arbitration arbitration is terrible
for victims I hate it I fight these
arbitration motions all the time because
it's a secret proceeding and the
arbitrator's skew old white male and
conservative they're not like juries
which tend to be more representative of
the population so that's where powerful
people want to be in this case is a good
illustration of why victims don't want
to be there and Michael avenatti are you
concerned that once this case ends up
now that it is in federal court if it
ends up in arbitration that it will
essentially smother the case and silence
your client well I think that's the plan
by the president and mr. Cohen that's
exactly what they want to do they want
to have this adjudicated or decided in a
conference room in a locked secure
building outside the purview of the
public so that the public cannot view
the evidence and the facts and learn
about what really happened here I mean
they are trying to hide the facts and
the truth from the public it is clear as
day it is part of the process by which
they want to muzzle my client we think
we have good arguments as to why this
case doesn't belong in arbitration we're
going to submit those arguments whether
it be to the federal court judge or the
state court judge we have experience
litigating in both state and federal
court you know the courthouse where this
case was removed to yesterday is the
same courthouse that I have the good
fortune of obtaining a 454 million
dollar jury verdict in April of last
year in so we're no strangers to that
courthouse were no strangers to the
bench
the judges in the Central District and
that's where this case has been removed
to our exceptional there's some of the
best in the country they're very smart
we have confidence in their ability to
make a decision if we ultimately end up
there but we think we have very good
reasons as to why this case does not
belong in arbitration and that is
certainly going to be something that is
going to have to be decided before we
get to the merits yeah absolutely Danny
Cevallos let me bring you in here but on
the likelihood that Donald Trump will be
able to prevail through arbitration in
ultimately silencing stormy Daniels and
whether or not you think that 60 minutes
interview will actually be able to air
first the only chance Trump
EC and Cohen have of winning is getting
this case back down to arbitration and
unfortunately courts federal courts
state courts for a long time under the
Federal Arbitration Act have expressed a
strong preference for arbitration win
and in fairness mr. avenatti when the
parties agree to arbitrate that's going
to be a critical issue for mr. avenatti
is demonstrating not just that the
overall contract was no good but that
the specific clause containing the
agreement to arbitrate was no good
because otherwise he's fighting a strong
presumption that the case will go back
down to arbitration but if it stays in
court state court or federal court and
it gets into discovery that will spell
ruin for the Trump team the the broad
rules of discovery could be devastating
not just to them as parties here but to
his presidency have you heard in the
past of a case where a specific party
who is the person who has claimed to
have had the relationship in this case
didn't sign the agreement themselves but
the agreement was still held to be valid
without their signature I think it's
much more complicated than that when you
look at the four corners of the
agreement attached to the complaint in
this case you have David Dennison who we
now essentially it's been admitted that
it's Donald Trump who did not sign but
yet on each initial page at the bottom
in the space for Dede David Dennison is
not Michael Cohen but the initials EC EC
is not a person he sees essential
consultants thereby further blurring the
idea
these but I'll just say this last thing
strategically most big corporate
defendants try to remove cases to
federal court however in this case it
might be a move that blows up back in
Trump and Cohen's face why because the
requirements of removal are that number
one all the parties must consent that's
why we're seeing Donald Trump's name for
the first time right in this case number
two is they have to allege in a mountain
controversy and now that's why everyone
today is talking about twenty million
dollars because they had to allege him
an amount and this is an amount well
beyond what they needed to get into
federal court but now because of that
gambit it may prove fatal
yeah probably they have is not to get
too wonky and we denied they have to
have complete diversity meaning all the
parties have to be from different states
and they alleged that Donald Trump is a
resident of New York and EC which is an
LLC is you know the individual residency
is what matters and Michael Cohen also a
resident of New York so we may not have
complete diversity we may go back to
state court it sweetie you in here
Brandi because you have a specific sort
of experience dealing with Trump world
and dealing specifically with Michael
komen and again I want to stress that
Michael avenatti has not said that
Michael Cohen is you know I had anything
to do with you know these threats
against his client and we don't want
anyone to think that's what we were
saying
so separately from that tell us about
your experience with Michael Cohen I've
had a long relationship I'm a reporter
with Michael Cohen Michael Cohen is very
accessible when you're trying to reach
Donald Trump and always has been I've
profiled Michael Cohen but when Trump
was running for the election in 2016
some old allegations of rape against him
came up with his former white guy his
former wife Iran Ivana Trump and so we
were writing about that me and my
colleague Tim Mac and we were writing
about that and so we called like you do
we called his attorney sure and he
really let loose so he he threatened to
sue us of course like we would expect
from a lawyer but then he said some
things that we have never heard from a
lawyer I've never heard a lawyer speak
like this to me and it was I will take
you into court I will ruin you I will do
things that are effing disgusting to you
I will take you for every penny that you
don't have I
ruin your life and it was set in a way
that not only were those words
especially the effing disgusting yes but
also the tone was it was just another
world and Michael Cohen has admitted he
revels in the fact that he is the Ray
Donovan of mr. Trump's world yeah he is
Lacombe he's that he is the Roy Cohn
yeah he is the the Roy Cohn is no more
and so now he has taken his place and he
really revels in that and he's even said
in 2011 he told ABC News he was his pit
bull and that he grabs on and he won't
if anybody says anything about mr. Trump
he grabs on and he won't let go til he's
finished with him yeah I mean so no they
did not sit mr. avenatti did not say
that but when I heard him say that on
MSNBC I said oh I know him yeah it
sounds like that this is their tangents
yeah and well and one more - you a
Michael avenatti you now have a new
lawyer on Team Trump who is the lawyer
best known from bankrupting Gawker they
have put on a very aggressive attorney
on they're not known for having
high-quality attorneys in Trump world
let's just put it that way to be kind
but this guy is are you concerned even
that you speaking on television could be
opening your client up to the notion
that you talking is violating her NDA
well I want to say two things first of
all I have no reason to disrespect mr.
harder the new attorney I'm sure he's a
very fine lawyer he got a great result
for a Hulk Hogan there's no question
about that
joy although I have a sane and it goes
something like this don't tell me the
cases you've won tell me who you've
beaten so I don't know the level of
competition that he's faced in the past
I'm sure it's been significant I can
tell you that the level of competition
that I have faced has been some of the
finest lawyers in the country for the
last 15 years and I've been the had the
good fortune of doing okay in those
cases but I want to go back to something
that was said relating to mr. Cohen and
what was just stated relating to some of
the threats and the tactics that he's
used in litigation that has no place in
any case in the United States I don't
care how big or how small no attorney
should ever conduct themselves in that
manner and if he conducts himself in in
that manner in this case he's going to
get his ticket stamped because he's not
dealing with some two-bit
lawyer from down the street we're going
to be as aggressive as we possibly can
but we're going to be smart but we're
not going to tolerate any nonsense with
threats and bullying tactics they will
go nowhere with me and my client and if
they think that they will they haven't
been paying attention in the last two
weeks Wow
definitively said before we go I just
want to ask you brandy have you heard
additional sort of you know more have
you heard more from Michael home and
since this story broke I have been
texting him and he's been
uncharacteristically silent hmm no more
no more effing disgusting another
threats in court document because those
documents are privileged and Michael
avenatti we're applauding you over here
I think if your client was threatened I
would hope you would bring a cause of
action for that specifically and that
would not be arbitrable because it would
be outside of the prior agreement I know
you've thought about yeah Michael well
absolutely we would and and let me just
say this
where is Michael Cohen I mean this guy
prides himself on being a fixer he ends
his tweets with hashtag ray Donovan he
actually refers to himself as the
fictional character Ray Donovan and yet
for the last two weeks no one can get
him on the phone he refuses to go on any
show he refuses to answer a single
question where is this guy yeah well I
can tell you Michael avid I think you
were impressing a lot of people with
your skills as a fierce defender of your
client thank you so much for taking some
time to be with us this morning really
really appreciate it thanks for having
me thank you and of course also brandy
as the draws me keep us posted if you do
finally hear from Michael Cohen Danny
Cevallos our friend and Lisa bloom our
pal this is a great panel I wish we
could keep you guys on for like three
more hours but we can't we have to take
a commercial break art we have much more
of the additional breaking news this
morning and that is he another lawyer in
this case the Eleanor's personal lawyer
who is now called with the ending of the
Muller investigation whether he's
speaking for Donald Trump or not depends
on who you ask but up next Michael
Isikoff and David corn the authors of
the new book Russian Roulette this is a
powerpack show stay with us
hey there are miss Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
