all right we have breaking news the
Daily Beast's Betsy Woodruff reporting
that Donald Trump's personal attorney
John Dowd has told The Daily Beast this
morning just this morning that he hopes
the Deputy Attorney General rod Rosen
Stein will shut down the Russia problem
to read a little bit of this reached for
comment by email about the firing of
former deputy FBI director Andrew McCabe
sent to the dissent by The Daily Beast
in along with Donald Trump's most recent
tweet on the matter Dowd reportedly said
I pray that acting Attorney General
Rosen Stein will follow the brilliant
and courageous example of the FBI office
the Professional Responsibility and
Attorney General Jeff Sessions and bring
an end to the alleged Russia collusion
investigation manufactured by McCabe's
boss James Comey based upon a fraudulent
and corrupt dossier
let's bring in Betsy Woodruff now she's
a politics reporter at The Daily Beast
and an MSNBC contributor Betsy is this a
wish that is being put forward in your
view by John Dowd or is this a prelude
to the President of the United States
actually calling on Rod Rosenstein to
end this investigation I can tell you
for sure that this is what John Dowd
wants to happen and just to be crystal
clear he followed up with me in another
email saying that he thought the Moller
probe should be shuttered based on the
merits so he doesn't want to use the
word firing here but rather shutting
down what I can't tell you I just don't
have evidence of yet is whether or not
there's a concerted effort to close down
the probe on the part of the White House
John Dowd has a bit of a penchant for
sometimes speaking out of school event
he's not always exactly on message
sometimes he says things that aren't
always the most useful comments to his
client the president's legal situation
that said John of course is the attorney
for the president and he told me in the
follow-up email that when he gave me
that comment he was speaking on behalf
of the president in his capacity as
counsel for the president so that's what
he told me and I think it's I think it's
pretty clear what he said he hopes
happened in the way that he was saying
it any did he clarify when he said he's
speaking on behalf of
that he had spoken to the president
before making that statement to you he
did not tell me if you've spoken to the
president about this or not okay stay
with me for a minute
Betsy I think we have re Melbourne on
the phone as well who is of course our
legal eagle inside of 30 rock what do
you make of this re the idea that the
president's personal lawyer would follow
up on the sacking of Andrew McCabe by
saying that well now let's end the
entire investigation this is a
significant story it comes not from a
commentator or a quote ally of President
Johnson from his criminal defense
attorney at a very tense time as you
know joy because we are in the porting
after the very late night and usual fire
of the upper two official at the FBI who
is of course what we call a fact witness
to the obstruction issues around Jim
Comey and the next morning Betsy
Woodruff with a big big story here
they're not quiet they're not letting
play on face making another on record
prove that the White House is criminal
defense attorney for the president
saying follow the example of what Jeff
Sessions did last night and shudder this
Pro it suggests in a bad way that the
DOJ process and the president's criminal
defense are together and that's not my
inference that's what John Dowd said on
the record because he's calling for this
in response to what sessions did late
last night and just to stay with me re
but but to go back to Betsy for a moment
did you take this statement I pray that
this is per your story this is Betsy
watcher from The Daily Beast
I pray that acting Attorney General
Rosen Stein will follow the brilliant
and courageous example of the FBI Office
of Professional Responsibility in
attorney general Jeff Sessions and bring
an end to the alleged Russia collusion
investigation manufactured by McCabe's
boss James Comey based upon fraudulent
in corruption and corrupt dossier did
you take that just as a reporter as a as
a message to Rosen Stein or as simply a
comment upon what the president I guess
hopes worthless I will do that's a good
question
you know if the White House wants to
communicate their wishes to Rosen Stein
they can
the Deputy Attorney General is one of
the only officials in the Justice
Department who in my understanding
actually has the the authorization to
speak with the White House usually
there's a lot of very thick walls and
procedures in place of communication
between the White House and the Justice
Department but and I know Ari will
correct me if I'm wrong about this the
Deputy Attorney General is one of the
people who can sort of have communicate
easily with the White House so if the
president wanted to tell rod Rosen Stein
that he'd liked the similar to fire he
can do that he wouldn't need to have his
personal attorney make a statement like
this I'm disinclined to think that this
statement is part of a sophisticated
plan to covertly communicate to Rosen
Stein in part because coupled with the
quote that we just read John Dowd also
sent me a kind of amusing paraphrase of
Tennessee Williams play Cat on a Hot Tin
Roof I asked to confess I'm the world's
worst English major and not read Cat on
a Hot Tin Roof but for the viewers who
have doubt compared the character named
brick to Jim Comey and the Oder in a
room Jew corruption in the FBI so this
is I don't think this is a statement
coming from someone who is speaking in a
really formal strategic polished way I
think rather this is a statement coming
from an attorney for who woke up and saw
what he thought was great news for his
client and decided to share his
excitement with a reporter on a Saturday
morning yeah indeed all right let me
widen the panel out here to include
Seema I our criminal defense attorney
and former prosecutor Nick Ackerman is
still with me Seema I'm gonna start with
you on this let's put all this together
you have the reporting in foreign policy
that Donald Trump personally launched a
campaign to discredit potential FBI
witnesses against him the three people
who Comey contemporaneously shared his
his story about Donald Trump pressuring
him to end the probe against his then
national security adviser all three of
them have now been either reassigned or
sacked they're all gone now you then add
to that you have Don McGann reportedly
threatening to resign over Donald Trump
trying to push to have Muller
outright right now you have his personal
lawyer after McCabe is sacked coming out
and saying that he hopes that now rot
Rosenstein will do the deed and end the
probe do you see in this elements of
witness tampering and obstruction of
justice
I do think witness tampering I think
you're getting close to that because
you're trying to interfere with this
prosecution or investigation for a
potential prosecution that is not going
to end anytime soon right just because
someone says and the prosecution it's
like saying cucumbers it means nothing
right nothing he's the boss ruler gets
to do what he wants at this point
because he has a valid basis to
investigate and he's building that
foundation of several other indictments
whether he's going to get to Trump was a
different story
well there's we've already seen evidence
that this administration Nick will use
creative means to get done what they
want to get done right they got rid of
Andrew McCabe based on this lack of
candor standard which is a fireable
offense in the FBI so you know they sort
of warmed around until they found a way
that they could sack and they could get
rid of them with Muller
you know Rosen I would have to fire him
for cause it's not that easy to get rid
of mother let's just step back a minute
this is what's really happening here if
we hadn't had McCabe fired last night at
10 o'clock if we hadn't had this
statement by Dowd this morning that was
probably orchestrated by Trump the whole
purpose of this is to take stormy
Daniels off the front page of the paper
I mean but for this the lawsuit that was
filed on behalf of Donald Trump
personally adding a 20 million dollar
damage claim would be the major story
even starting here this morning this is
very orchestrated it's very
well-thought-out what Trump does is once
he starts getting bogged down in one
scandal and he wants to divert attention
he starts another scandal and the idea
that simply saying that rod Rosenstein
should drop the investigation is
ridiculous nobody believes that's going
to happen but yet it creates a whole
deal of chatter and discussion to divert
everybody away from a scandal that is
really starting to hurt this
administration but equally ridiculous
was the fact that it was breaking news
that Muller subpoenaed the Trump
Organization because it is not breaking
news it is just the appropriate steps
that a prosecutor makes and that is
listen you don't just call up the other
lawyer and be like dude could you just
send me the dog spray right yeah it
wasn't breaking you yeah it's the
appropriate step but let me ask you
Betsy I know that you want to get back
in here and did the issue of the other
pending lawsuit the stormy dan has also
come up in your conversations with that
it did not and one thing I can tell you
that I can break on air is I've been
emailing back and forth with John Dowd
this morning he just emailed me to say
that he hopes I will share with you all
that he was speaking in his personal
capacity and was not speaking on behalf
of the president initially when he
initially emailed me this morning I
asked him are you giving me this quote
on behalf of the president yeah
he replied yes speaking as his counsel
so I put that in the story that's what
the story ran now he's emailing me to
walk that back to say actually he wants
people to view this as him speaking in
his personal capacity and not speaking
on behalf of the president so I just
want to make that clear
that's another email that I've gotten
from Dowd right this morning well if I
stay with me Betsy but the re let me go
to you on this is that possible I mean
if he is the attorney I mean he's the
representative of Donald Trump can he
then divorce himself from his comments
and say that he is now speaking just for
himself as his lawyer isn't he always
speaking for his client no I think that
he what he said and and if he wants to
retract it because of pressure or
nervousness about this strategy that's
on him and I respect
Betsy reflecting accurately what she's
hearing from her sources as she's
hearing it but the original report does
stand he said these words in the context
of the late-night firing of deputy
director McCabe who is a fact witness to
obstruction this is another explosive
moment to where I don't think any of us
knows what happened last night and how
it will affect the obstruction probe yet
and we don't know how Muller will do it
but it is possible that it could be as
significant as the original Comey
in the sense that if investigators find
this effort was not on the merits
because of McCabe's record but rather an
attempt to accuse the process to
interfere with the investigation and
what happened last night
could be another element of obstruction
it ultimately hurts the president or
people around him we just don't know yet
I think you're keying to use a non legal
term joy I think we're seeing something
of a little freaked out from people
around Trump trying to turn this and
make sure it lands the way they want but
it's so hot they don't know how it's
going to land and we haven't seen the IG
report I would also add one more thing
that was coming up with you and Betsy in
your panel which is yes there are people
at the White House who are allowed to
communicate with rod Rosen Stein but no
they are not legally allowed to do that
in a way that tries to stop the probe so
we're seeing a dance where jeff sessions
fires a fact witness last night and the
president's lawyer gets up this morning
and says that's a good thing and we
should end the probe there is a lot of
questions about whether they are adding
to the evidence of obstruction as we
speak as your show goes on yeah and in
Betsy did you get a sense as you were
emailing back and forth with the Lorien
and just to remind our viewers or those
who are just tuning in we're talking
with Betsy Woodruff who has a a
blockbuster news story in The Daily
Beast that Donald Trump's personal
lawyer responding to the sacking of
Andrew McCabe who was at one point the
acting FBI director and then he was
deputy FBI director responding to his
late-night firing ahead of him 24 hours
they had him in being able to get his
full pension the response from the
personal lawyer of the present United
States John Dowd was to tell Betsy
Woodruff that he prays that the acting
Attorney General rod Rosen will follow
the quote brilliant and courageous
example of the FBI Office of
Professional Responsibility and attorney
general Jeff Sessions and bring an end
to alleged Russia collusion
investigation manufactured by McCabe's
boss James Comey based upon the
fraudulent corrupt dossier Bob so did
you get the sense as you were emailing
back and forth with him Betsy that he
was in communication with the White
House and that that's why he was
revising his statement I can't speak to
that
I honestly couldn't say what the impetus
was she dared to revise his statement
did you reach ugly you prize me yeah
buddy in the White House saw that as the
president that down you know initially
said that he was speaking on behalf of
the president that's that's kind of the
job of the White House press office you
have to make sure because that people
don't say things like this it wouldn't
surprise me but I can't but I can't give
you any information either way on
whether or not he heard from the White
House this morning I just can't say did
he specifically ask you to revise your
story and that he wanted his statement
to be revised as printed in The Daily
Beast right now
he said hang on one second he just said
he just asked me to clarify speaking on
behalf of myself not the president
interested this is not this is not
particularly formal language this is
basically dad just saying that he wants
his statement that he gave me this
morning which he initially said was on
behalf of the president's right actually
actually to be treated like it's on
behalf of himself that said that doesn't
really change the significance of this
story the fact that the president's
personal owner is is urging the acting
Attorney General to terminate the Moller
investigation is extraordinarily
significant whether he wants us to
attribute this to the President himself
or not but you know clearly what we're
seeing here in the situation of someone
who may be having some second thoughts
about their candor yeah indeed dude
would you be surprised Nick if we saw an
official statement from the White House
disavowing what John Dowd has said oh I
wouldn't be surprised about anything I
guarantee you that John Dowd is standing
right next to his client Donald Trump
while all of this is going on I mean do
you ever do this this back and forth and
to me you're on the job all the time if
you were Trump's lawyer you are Trump
slur you don't just go calling into TV
shows or reporters and yanking
statements about your client and then
say it's off the record don't do that
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me
or click over on this list to see lots
of other great videos
