today retired four-star US Army general
Barry McCaffrey a decorated combat
veteran of Vietnam a formal battlefield
commander in the Persian Gulf wrote this
on Twitter quote reluctantly
I have concluded that President Trump is
a serious threat to US national security
he is refusing to protect vital US
interests from active Russian attacks it
is apparent that he is for some unknown
reason under the sway of mr. Putin this
deserves a word here about Barry
McCaffrey at his retirement as we said
he was the youngest and most heavily
decorated four-star general in the
history of the US Army for combat tours
a Bronze Star three purple hearts
multiple combat wounds two silver stars
two Distinguished Service crosses
graduate of Phillips Academy and West
Point he's the former commander-in-chief
of Southern Command he's the former US
drug czar just this week Great Britain
expelled 23 Russian diplomats over that
nerve agent attack on British soil
prompting the UK's closest allies to
formally condemned the Kremlin the White
House announced it would finally impose
sanctions on Russia at the same time
making the startling admission that
Russian cyberattacks threatened American
nuclear power plants and we learned that
Robert Muller has subpoenaed documents
from the Trump Organization the
president has said little about any of
these developments as he heads into the
weekend as we mentioned with no public
event scheduled with us again tonight to
Lou or Lauren Ipoh White House
correspondent for Bloomberg Jeremy Bosch
has agreed to stick around for just a
bit and joining our conversation
Pulitzer Prize winning presidential
historian and author Jon Meacham
Tolu let's start with you the viewpoint
of the White House it was said on this
broadcast and elsewhere the US was
nudged into kind of appropriate behavior
behavior behaving as we used to long ago
two years ago where it concerned Russia
yeah if you look at all of the various
things that both President Putin and the
government of Russia have done
attacking the US meddling in our
elections meddling in our infrastructure
and our power plants in our electrical
grid and also attacking allegedly one of
our closest allies with the nerd a nerve
agent attack in in Britain and we have
not heard very much from the president
in terms of her response we finally did
see some sanctions this week but even
those sanctions were seen as sort of
just a very minor response given all of
the various things that Russia has done
and both sides of the owl both
Republicans and Democrats are calling
for the President and for the
administration to do more to really step
up to Russia this is a president who is
willing to talk tough against our
enemies and talk tough against our some
of our allies when it comes to Putin
there seems to be this blind spot where
he does not want to say anything
negative about the President of Russia
or about the government of Russia is
saying that he wants to get along with
them saying that he thinks that he can
make deals with Russia but it's clear
that whatever tactics he's using to try
to get Russia to act in the best
interests of the United States have not
worked so far and it's clear that it's
starting to wear the patient's thin both
Republicans and Democrats on Capitol
Hill salut thank you and Jeremy over to
you given your time spent in the
structure of the u.s. defense community
if you don't know Barry McAfee Pat
McCaffrey personally talked about him
reputationally and what would have led a
man with as many decorations on his
chest as many administrations as he has
worked for to say what he did and on
this program Ryan I've disagreed with
him on some analytical points but one
has to respect one has to admire one has
to honor his dedication to country his
patriotism and his spot-on analysis of
what's threatening American national
security and his deep concern that the
Russian Federation has unexplained
leverage over the president of United
States and that is compromising the
president's ability to defend our
country against Russian attacks and to
stand side-by-side with a critical ally
when Russia attacks that attacks that
Ally we have to pay heed to general
McCaffrey's warning
tonight Jon Meacham in earlier times
like 9:00 p.m. Eastern time you and I
had basically the back half of the
broadcast tonight to have a thoughtful
conversation about what it is we just
witnessed we'll have to put that off
till 2019 but for now and what have we
just witnessed today in this
administration and how it differs from
any known norms well it does differ from
any known norm and on general
McCaffrey's point I'm reminded there's
something that is saying I was
associated with Jim Baker the former
Secretary of State who said if it quacks
like a duck and walks like a duck and
swims like a duck you know it might just
be a duck and so at a certain point
common sense kicks in about about the
president and the relationship with
Putin the one thing that I think links
all of these stories Russia director
McCabe the the stormy Daniels business
is what the Greeks taught us a long time
ago character is destiny and as Michelle
Obama said really brilliantly in 2016
the presidency doesn't change who you
are it reveals who you are and the one
thing that links all of these stories is
that we have a president who is entirely
running things on what is best for him
and what he thinks will get him through
a particular moment he has raised
brazenness to a governing philosophy and
that's the world we're living at am I
right to say that if not a Friday night
massacre what we've seen with mr. McCabe
is most certainly at minimum of Friday
night takedown absolutely and and it's
gonna raise those a huge number of
concerns about rule of law this is why
presidents don't get into these things
are not supposed to get in to these
things you know the Justice Department
is like all the institutions it's a
human institution it's got its failings
but you know it really began its modern
life as an arm of the federal government
to fight the Ku Klux Klan
during Reconstruction it's an
institution that was created to enforce
law and to try to stay as removed from
politics as possible and what the
president's done again because to him
this is all
paintball it's all media paintball then
he's just decided that this is a useful
target for him today and I must say I it
will stun me and break know whenever you
make predictions at this point we always
have to remember that Donald Trump is
president so what the hell do any of us
know but it will really surprise me if
some evening we are not sitting here
talking about some strike against Bob
Muller and in 30 seconds of brilliance
Steve Schmidt's favorite word is rigor
and he keeps saying as a lover of words
I know you're gonna concur at some point
he keeps saying that the lack of rigor
in public life right now from this
administration is appalling to him well
it's it's it's Mad Max I mean we're just
it's it's it's not real except it is
another way of putting it is Washington
seem to be acting like a reality show it
didn't seem to be taking the concerns of
the people as seriously as it should and
so the right number of voters in the
right number of states an electoral
college system since a reality TV star
there but be careful what you wish for
if anyone who was paying attention
during 2016 should not be surprised
about what's happening right now that
doesn't mean it's acceptable it means we
have to stay as united as possible and
try to insist on those norms against all
odds
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
