and thanks to you at home for joining us
this hour much appreciated happy Friday
the national security advisor to the
President of the United States did not
get fired today and that counts as both
news and a surprise because the White
House sparked a thousand headlines last
night in a raft of competing scoops all
day today about the president's
intentions to fire the National Security
Adviser HR McMaster and honestly I have
very little they have very little
appetite I have no appetite at all for
Kremlinology style coverage and
speculation about who's in favor and
who's out of favor and who's been able
to move their desk a little closer to
the Oval Office and who might someday be
fired and who's angling for what job the
government is not supposed to be
conducted like the gong show right but
it has been a weird 24 hours in the news
because of this word that went out from
the White House last night not the
National Security Adviser HR McMaster
was to be fired why did the White House
put that word out last night I don't
know and neither do you
but you should know that right before
the White House put out that word last
night this is the last public thing that
National Security Adviser HR McMaster
did this is what he did yesterday
afternoon Russia is also complicit in
Assad's atrocities the Russian
government is bombed civilian areas and
provided political cover for Assad's
crimes from February 24th to February
28th Russia conducted 20 bombing
missions every day in the eastern gouda
and Damascus areas in Syria Russia has
also repeatedly thwarted efforts by the
OPCW to hold the Assad regime
accountable for using chemical weapons
this morning the United States France
Germany and the United Kingdom
condemned the abhorrent nerve agent
attack on Sergey and Yulia script all
that took place in Salzburg United
Kingdom on March 4th the statement made
clear that we believe that Russia was
responsible for this attack if Iran and
Russia do not stop enabling the regime's
atrocities and adhere to UN Security
Council resolutions all nations must
respond more forcibly than simply
issuing strong statements it is time to
impose serious political and economic
consequences on Moscow that was a chart
MacMaster National Security Adviser
making the strongest comments he has
made against Russia during his full time
as National Security Advisor that's the
last thing he did publicly yesterday
before we got that spate of headlines
last night that he was about to be fired
hey chart mcmaster made those remarks
yesterday afternoon veteran national
security reporter spencer ackerman
covered that speech and then rushed back
to the Daily Beast to file his report on
McMasters comments you see the headline
that he put on his report quote HR
McMaster gives the Kremlin a double
burned salute by which he means two
metaphorical middle fingers so that was
HR McMasters afternoon yesterday and
then last night there was this explosion
of reporting that yeah he's gonna be
fired now one possibility here is that
those two events are totally unrelated
its total coincidence they had nothing
to do with each other another
possibility is that McMaster knew he was
getting fired that we were in the ramped
up to him being fired and knew he was on
his way out
and therefore he felt like this would be
a good time to take some shots at Russia
since they're getting rid of him anyway
maybe that's possibility but another
possibility here of course is that
McMaster made these strong anti-russia
remarks yesterday and then that's
somehow precipitated the president's
desire to fire him or to at least start
telling lots and lots of reporters that
in fact he has decided to fire him and
it's weird that we even have to consider
that kind of a possibility but part of
the reason we have to consider that
possibility is that in the last few days
we just went through something very
similar
with the Secretary of State Rex
Tillerson Secretary of State Rex
Tillerson was fired by the president on
Tuesday morning on Monday night
reporters traveling with Rex Tillerson
on an overseas trip said that they had
no sign from him that he might eminently
imminently be leaving his post but on
Monday night speaking to reporters he
did make some remarkably strong comments
against Russia like HR McMaster they
were the strongest remarks he has ever
made against Russia since he has been
serving as Secretary of State
question have you been tracking the ex
PI's poisoning in the UK answer from
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson I just
got off a phone call with British
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson we are
going to be putting out a statement to
support what their findings have been
this is a really egregious acts it
appears that it clearly came from Russia
this is a substance that's known to us
it does not exist widely it's only in
the hands of a very very limited number
of parties I've become extremely
concerned about Russia we spent most of
the last year investing a lot into
attempts to work together to solve
problems to address differences and
quite frankly after a year we didn't get
very far instead what we've seen is a
pivot on their part to be more
aggressive this is very very concerning
to me and others that there seems to be
a certain unleashing of activity that we
don't fully understand what the
objective behind that is and if in fact
this attack in the UK is the work of the
Russian government this is a pretty
serious action so Tillerson spoke those
words he made those remarks to reporters
who were traveling with him on Monday
night he then put out a written
statement this is the final written
statement that was issued under his name
as Secretary of State before he was
fired quote we have full confidence in
the UK's investigation and its
assessment that Russia was likely
responsible for the nerve agent attack
that took place in Salisbury last week
there's never a justification for this
type of attack the attempted murder of a
private citizen on the soil of a
sovereign nation we're outraged that
Russia again appears to have engaged in
such behavior from Ukraine to Syria and
now the UK Russia continues to be an
irresponsible force of in
stability in the world acting for acting
with open disregard for the sovereignty
of other states and the life of their
citizens we agree that those responsible
both those who committed the crime and
those who ordered it must face
appropriately serious consequences those
who committed the crime and those who
ordered it that was the last written
statement put out by secretary of state
Rex Tillerson in the following morning
he was fired now as with HR McMaster and
his Russia criticism in that afternoon
speech right before the White House put
out word last night that he was going to
be fired like the situation with
McMaster this absolutely could be
coincidence there could be no connection
between these events at all it could
just so happen that the president wants
to fire these guys or is mulling over
firing these guys at the same time that
this Russia crisis is happening with
what appears to have been a Russian
state attack using a nerve agent on a
private citizen on British soil it could
just be that this is all just
coincidentally happening at the same
time so these are the kinds of public
remarks these national security
officials would typically be making at
this time regardless of whether the
president was in the process of firing
them or not
but now we have seen this same dynamic
play out twice in a week we saw this
play out in in very quick succession
with the McMaster news last night before
that we saw it playing out in very quick
succession with the Tillerson firing on
Monday night into Tuesday morning and
because it's now happen twice it may be
worth looking at what's going on here
right it's not just it's not just palace
intrigue right this is not just the
president enjoying chaos around him
these are serious men in serious jobs
this is the American Secretary of State
this is the top national security
official in the US government both of
them having their jobs either taken from
them or threatened openly both of them
immediately after they made strong
critical comments about Russia and
Russia's leadership and the reason I
think even further this is worth looking
more closely at is because there is a
piece of this that the White House is
lying about
and I don't say that lately I think it's
a big deal the white house lies about
something whether or not you think it's
a big deal whether or not you care about
the white house lying just as a general
experience my experience in covering the
news is that one high-ranking people go
out of their way to concoct a lie about
a checkable thing whether or not you
care about them lying you should
probably look more closely at the thing
they're lying about because that's
probably gonna end up being the juicy
part of the story
not just the fact that they lied but why
they had to lie about that thing and in
this case what the White House has lied
about is how Rex Tillerson was fired
this was how we found out that Rick's
Tillerson was fired it was this tweet
from the president on Tuesday morning
Mike Pompeo director of the CIA will
become our new Secretary of State he
will do a fantastic job exclamation
point thank you to Rex Tillerson for his
service exclamation point that was how
we learned the Secretary of State was
being fired then shortly thereafter the
president explained to reporters on
Tuesday morning how this all came about
as far as Rex Tillerson is concerned I
very much appreciate his commitment that
his service and I wish him well that
he's a good man
Rex and I have been talking about this
for a long time we we got along actually
quite well but we disagreed on things
after the president announced on Twitter
that the Secretary of State was being
fired
you saw him explained to reporters there
Rex and I have been talking about this
for a long time Rex and I've been
talking about this for a long time that
story directly from the president then
morphed into a different sort of but
related account from anonymous White
House officials who started telling
reporters and multiple news outlets that
Rex Tillerson firing didn't come up
didn't come up suddenly on on Tuesday it
was no surprise there was nothing that
suddenly occasioned it Tuesday morning
in fact White House officials told
reporters Rex Tillerson had been
notified on Friday that he was fired or
maybe he'd been notified on Saturday
that that he'd been fired in any case
the White House chief of staff had
definitely called him days in advance
and told him that he was fired turns out
that's not true as best as we can tell
Rex Tillerson hadn't been told on Friday
that he was fired he hadn't been told on
Saturday that he was fired he had
certainly not been talking about it with
the president for a long time the
Undersecretary of State for public
diplomacy number four position in the
State Department man named Steven
Goldstein student put out a statement
that explained Tillerson state of mind
when he found out about the the timing
of all this quote the Secretary had
every intention of staying because of
the critical progress made in national
security he will miss his colleagues at
the Department of State the secretary
did not speak to the president and is
unaware of the reason for his firing
but he's grateful for the opportunity to
serve and still believe strongly that
public service is a noble calling so
when the president said he and Rex had
been talking about this for a long time
according to Rex
they had not been talking about this for
a long time the secretary did not speak
to the president when White House
officials then put out word that
Tillerson had been notified days earlier
he had been fired by chief of staff John
Kelly's days before I should tell you
John Kelly incidentally is still telling
reporters that story tonight
john kelly reportedly bragging to
reporters tonight at the White House
that Rex Tillerson was on the toilet
coping with the effects of a stomach bug
when John Kelly placed the call to him
letting him know he was going to be
fired and that's nice and its own right
but that story toilet or not appears not
to be true because you know Rex
Tillerson would know whether or not
somebody had called him up and told him
he was being fired and what he says is
that he hadn't spoken to the president
and he didn't know why he was being
fired and in case there was any
ambiguity about it senior state
Department officials later clarified
directly to NBC News that in fact
Tillerson found out he was fired from
trump's tweet on tuesday morning and
that timing ends up being really
important because that means the
timeline here is not that Rex Tillerson
was a dead man walking and he'd already
been told he was fired when he made
those strong anti-russia comments and
put out that strong anti-russia
statement on Monday night what this
means about the timeline is that
Tillerson made those strong anti-russia
comments on Monday night then he got
fired on Tuesday morning surprise and
for some reason the White House has
tried to create an alternate timeline of
his firing to make it look like he
wasn't fired right after his strong
Russia criticism and that's why for all
the palace intrigue all the who's up
who's down you know White House
personnel merry-go-around reporting that
there's been in Washington all week long
and that the president appears to so
enjoy stoking what really stands out
here that the White House has not really
had to answer for at all is that in
addition to firing Rex Tillerson on
Tuesday morning later in the day on
Tuesday they went on to fire another
senior official from the State
Department they fired the guy who put
out the statement they fired the
Undersecretary of State for public
diplomacy this is the guy who put out
what we believe is the true statement
explaining the real timeline of when
Tillerson was fired the timeline that
says he was fired right after his Russia
remarks the timeline that puts a freakin
spotlight on this unbelievable question
of whether his Russia criticism could
conceivably have been the precipitating
event for why he got fired the statement
Steven Goldstein put out that Tillerson
hadn't actually spoken
Trump despite the president saying they
had the statement no I Goldstein saying
that Tillerson hadn't been fired days
before that he only found out he was
being fired on Tuesday morning when the
president tweeted about it that it was
news to him he had intended to stay that
statement from all our reporting appears
to be 100% true and they fired him for
it
White House officials later explained to
NBC News that the reason Steven
Goldstein was fired was because of that
statement contradicting what the White
House was saying about the firing of Rex
Tillerson he was fired because he
contradicted what we believe was an
untrue statement that the White House is
trying to put out about this firing
offering aid alternate timeline to what
really happened and this wasn't just
some low-level staffer who they fired
they didn't just decide to shoot some
lowly messenger here this guy is the
number four official at the State
Department there's only six permanent
under secretaries of state in the United
States of America he was one of them
they fired him for putting out a true
statement about when they fired Rex
Tillerson and how a true statement that
put a spotlight on something
uncomfortable that the president isn't
having to answer questions for because
of this alternate timeline that the
White House has invented which appears
to be false and you know in a in a
different White House in a more normal
administration the fact alone that the
White House had fired the number four
official at the State Department that
itself would be huge news the White
House firing the number four official at
the State Department for telling the
truth about something the White House is
lying about that would typically be a
really big scandal both that they'd fire
somebody for telling the truth but also
because the firing appears to be an
effort to cover up their lie in normal
administration this would be a very big
deal and even this administration
frankly it is a big deal
Steven Goldstein firing should probably
get more attention than it is getting I
mean if we're gonna obsess about people
coming and going from the administration
here's a skin before yeah joining us now
is Andrea Mitchell NBC News chief
foreign affairs correspondent and the
host of Andrea Mitchell reports weekdays
at noon here on MSNBC Andrea it is great
to have you here tonight thank you so
much Andy with us what degree there
can you talk to me about the Steven
Goldstein firing as far as I understand
it Steven Goldstein was not a hugely
well-known quantity inside the State
Department he was he had not been there
for a very very long time
what do you know about the circumstances
of his firing and the reaction to it
well it's as you reported he was fired
and in fact was fired for telling the
truth for describing at least how
Tillerson thought or perceived his
firing the fact that he did not know
about it until he was called and told
that there was the tweet he had arrived
at Andrews Air Force Base at 4:00 a.m.
the tweet was at 8:40 4:00 a.m. he had
the night before on the trip according
to all the people whom I spoke to who
were on that plane including NBC's
Abigail Williams Gardner Harris from the
New York Times
Josh Laderman from the ABC from excuse
me the Josh Laderman from the Associated
Press from the AP all of these people
and I just circled back to them
yesterday all reported that in his
briefings to them when they were on the
trip when they were refueling in Cape
Verde and then they finally came home
overnight he was talking about North
Korea what they were about to do he was
talking about Russia as you read and it
was all forward-leaning
he did say that he had had a problem
with Ethiopian food and that's why he
cancelled his schedule on Saturday and
that he had been awakened by a call he
didn't say it was from John Kelly but by
a call at 2:30 in the morning
but not that he'd been fired and I think
there is a disconnect here either John
Kelly did not say explicitly to him what
he says he said or Rex Tillerson having
been threatened with before with firing
40 could tough it out and I'm sure that
he said to Kelly I want to talk to the
president he's gonna have to you know
fire me to my face that's what he's been
saying I'm not gonna quit I want to stay
on this job and that's what he had said
to us publicly for months and months so
obviously was rocky what we have been
told is that the president never forgave
the October 4th NBC report that back in
July he had after a Pentagon briefing
called the president a moron in front of
enough enough witnesses that tell us and
chosen to his credit never deny
that just sort of said I'm not gonna
talk about things like that he never
lied about the fact that he had in fact
said that obviously there were
disagreements about a ram that was
profound he was very angry we were told
infuriated that jerison spoke as you
just described about Russia after Sara
Sanders had refused to agree with the
British at the last public statement
from the White House on Friday so this
was his briefing on Monday when he very
explicitly said I just got off the phone
with Boris Johnson and it was the
Russians and very few people have this
and we think it likely was the Russian
government and this is egregious and and
all the rest so the Russian issue did
bother them and obviously irani was
trying to renegotiate with the Europeans
and try to fix the Iran deal by toughing
it up and trying to get the president
from blowing it up when the next
deadline takes place in May there were a
lot of policy disagreements but the
profound part I think was that they just
a mismatch the chemistry was all wrong
and that's to Steve Goldstein Eagleton
had been hired by Rex Tillerson
confirmed and came on board in December
and was certainly perceived as chiller
syns man and were well the chief of
staff a very controversial person market
peddling and her deputy were permitted
to resign gracefully later in the day
and her still at the State Department
helping to listen close up shop by March
31st Goldstein was summarily dismissed
and and just to underscore what you just
said there about Goldstein specifically
from from your reporting from everything
we understand about these circumstances
the White House says admits to NBC News
that Goldstein was fired for this
statement the statement does contradict
what the White House said about title
ursins firing but Goldstein statement
which he was fired for is actually the
version that was true in term at least
as as Rex Tillerson understood it
exactly and when you said that there is
six understand under secretaries he
actually was the only confirmed
undersecretary other than one has
already resigned a veteran Tom Shannon
who's gonna be leaving so now there are
none well Andrea Mitchell NBC News chief
foreign affairs correspondent the host
of Andrea Mitchell reports weekdays at
noon Andrea I realize this is
this I think to some people this will
feel like intricate reporting about
these departures at the State Department
with so many other buffeting winds right
now in Washington but I think the
circumstances of these departures is is
strange and there's this scrutiny thank
you for helping us through it well let
me just say it it certainly reflects the
meanness the the desire to humiliate and
that comes from the top Andrew Mitchell
thank you my friend
great to have you here again just
underscoring what Andrea just said there
you know obviously in terms of why Rex
Thorson left and we're still waiting to
find out if HR McMaster will be pushed
out as well but the president they're
obviously describing the day that
Tillerson left having long-standing
differences of opinion with Tolson on a
number of matters and we know that to be
true differences of opinion on Iran
differences of of style and approach to
various matters
they've never previously been known to
have differences of opinion on Russia
and whatever the long-standing
differences were between the president
and Rex Tillerson on any number of
matters what Andrea just describes there
as the the president's fury his anger
about tiller sins comments on Russia
those the Russia comments were the ones
that happened right before he got fired
and I think this deserves more scrutiny
than it's getting we'll be right back
stay with us
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
