Attorney General Jeff Sessions has just
fired Andrew McCabe who was briefly the
Acting Director of the FBI McCabe who
had stepped down from his post earlier
this year but remained an FBI employee
had been accused by the Justice
Department's inspector general of
authorizing the disclosure of sensitive
information to a reporter and misleading
investigators when asked about it McCabe
had been a lightning rod in the
political battles surrounding the
investigation into Hillary Clinton's use
of private of private email server and
Special Counsel Robert S Mulliken thirds
probe into whether any Trump Associates
coordinated with Russian agents to
interfere in the 2016 presidential race
and we are now joined by phone by Pete
Williams NBC News Justice Department
correspondent Pete what can you tell us
about this well what the Attorney
General says in a statement that just
came out a few seconds ago is that he
has accepted the recommendation from
both the Justice Department's inspector
general and the FBI's office of
personnel a personal responsibility the
OPR the Professional Responsibility both
had recommended that Andrew McCabe be
fired for two reasons according to Jeff
Sessions statement first they say he
authorized the unauthorized disclosure
of information about the Clinton
investigation while the investigation
was going on and what the Inspector
General had said is that violates FBI
policy not to discuss investigations
while they're going on but secondly and
perhaps more importantly what the
statement from the Attorney General says
is that when mccabe was asked about this
on more than one occasion including
while he was under oath his answers they
believed were not truthful and on for
that reason the Attorney General says he
concluded that it was right to accept
the recommendations so Annie McCabe has
been fired now what this means for his
pension which of course is an important
question he was his actual retirement
date Lawrence was two days from now
Sunday his birthday that's the day he
put he actually stepped down as deputy
FBI director in late
January presumably at the urging of the
FBI director Chris Rea who was aware of
these recommendations but McCabe had
said his retirement date would be this
coming Sunday so this puts his pension
in jeopardy but it doesn't necessarily
mean that he'll lose it according to
government personnel experts that I
talked to earlier today he has some
options he can pursue that he can he can
pursue that perhaps will preserve part
of his pension but the bottom line here
is that the Attorney General has
accepted the recommendation and
emphasizes in his statement that this is
what the Justice Department's inspector
general and the FBI recommended
obviously attempting to say that this
was not politically motivated Lawrence
people let me just get those
distinctions clearance so it's a
recommendation not just from the
inspector general but also a
recommendation from the FBI right so
here's the sequence as you were saying
the Inspector General right after the
inauguration launched said he was
launching an investigation into how the
FBI handled the entire Clinton email
investigation as part of that he became
aware that in October of 2016
the FBAR The Wall Street Journal was
working on a story about the status of
the Clinton investigation and and had
picked up suggestions that the FBI was
dragging its feet on part of that which
is an investigation of the Clinton
Foundation and what apparently happened
here is that Andrew McCabe authorized
someone in the FBI to talk to the Wall
Street Journal reporter and basically
say no that's not the case you know we
believe there's still reasons to keep
that going that is what got the
Inspector General's attention and then
when according to the IG when he was
questioned about it he wasn't fully
forthcoming Andrew McCabe so the IG made
a recommendation to the FBI's Office of
Professional Responsibility that he
desired
OPR looked into it concurred and then in
essence that would have been the end of
it except that McCabe appeal
this to the Justice Department which is
his right and now the Attorney General
says he's reviewed it and thinks the
recommendations are correct and Pete I
just want to clarify for the audience
the Inspector General is not a trump
appointee this inspector general is a
longtime Justice Department employee
isn't he right he was he's been there he
served under the Obama administration as
well Michael Horowitz and the Wall
Street Journal article in question
actually cites sources at certain points
that that are labeled as sources close
to McCabe and so it was pretty obvious
that where the journal was getting that
help but the information that was coming
from the McCabe's sources actually read
as not as somewhat anti-clinton
information it was information that that
pushed the investigation further in the
direction of looking at what Hillary
Clinton was doing well that's that's
right I mean two points about that
Loren's one is the article itself says
that the FBI officials that talked to
the Journal reporter who by the way has
named Devlin Barrett he's now at the
Washington Post uh you know he's covered
the Justice Department for many years
and is a very smart guy the story said
that the FBI pushed back at that
suggestion that they were trying to drag
their feet that they thought there was
something to the Clinton Foundation and
the investigation so it's not you know
McCain has come under a lot of criticism
from the president from Republicans in
Congress who thought he was too
favorable to Hillary Clinton in the
email investigation but the the
statement that was given to the Wall
Street Journal is definitely not
favorable to Clinton Pete why 10:00 p.m.
on a Friday night what did what happened
between say four o'clock this afternoon
and 10:00 p.m. tonight what prevented
the Attorney General from doing this
during normal business hours well only
yesterday did and Andrew McCabe meet
with the staff of the Deputy Attorney
General
so the Deputy Attorney General had to
take his time with this and then pass it
along to the Attorney General who was
out of town yesterday
he was meeting with the International
Association of Chiefs of Police in
Nashville and then had another meeting
in Louisville and didn't get back until
late today so Jeff Sessions didn't have
a chance to look at this and we were
told earlier today that this process was
moving very slowly I think you know to
be quite candid here Jeff Sessions was
in a politically for himself a no-win
situation this is somebody who'd been
Andrew McCabe Edmond criticized
repeatedly by name by the president so
if if no matter what happened and and
and also people were well aware of the
sessions own desire to please the
president so no matter what he did if he
if he said McCabe should be fired as he
has done there'll be people criticizing
him for that if he said McCabe shouldn't
be fired that would not please the White
House I mean he took put him in a tough
position but that's the job Pete
Williams thank you very much for joining
us tonight with this breaking news
attorney-general Jeff Sessions firing
the former acting director of the FBI
Andrew McCabe just two days before
Andrew McCabe's retirement date was to
become official hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
