it's Friday on the beat and you know
what that means it's time to fall back
and for this special edition I'm jarred
Hill from The Hollywood Reporter our
friend Maya Wiley and Pia Glyn who
writes for Comedy Central's the
opposition with Jordan Klepper she also
famously portrayed condi rice in Will
Ferrell's play about George Bush there
it is we dug it up good to see you all
going pretty good long week Jarrett who
needs to fall back mine is for snapchat
snapchat has had quite a couple of weeks
and they came out with this
advertisement you can see here it's for
a would you rather slap Rihanna or punch
Chris Brown or use obviously social
media was having none of the for anyone
I don't want to see them you don't want
to see that you have to wonder like what
am i selecting like where am I going to
go from here if you don't know the
context of it obviously Chris Brown and
Rihanna have this history with a
domestic violence and Rihanna actually
clapped back at them on Instagram story
which was its own kind of controversial
piece snapchat their value has gone down
800 million dollars use two days from
her from her slut clap back who needs to
fall back Tucker Carlson needs to fall
way on back way on back for actually
comparing teachers talking about guns
with students to teachers having sex
with students I believe we have it so
let's take a listen kids who are under
the care of a teacher who has control of
their grades in life are not free agents
they can't act fully independently as
you and I can because they are under the
control of an authority figure this is
really simple this is why teachers
aren't allowed to have sex with students
because they're in power and the kids
aren't so why are teachers allowed to
direct kids toward a political ideology
it's really simple
just no I mean oh talking about an
actual issue that is being discussed
around policy it's no sex with a child
yeah it's so problematic it's so problem
now what would you say to the the famous
question defense
that we all use sometime in time we were
just asking a question we were just
asking a question just asking just
asking about an issue I don't know no
for you that's it hard no it's just
enough yeah who needs to fall back Orrin
Thal James Simpson oj the juice classic
needs to heartily fall back in a new
interview i think it was today came out
that he felt the need to state that he
thinks colin kaepernick had made a
mistake and was wrong yeah we have the
code here Colin made a mistake
appreciate he was trying to stay cool I
thought he made a bad choice in
attacking the flag so a not only please
please sir Keep Calm Kaepernick's name
out of your mouth apologize to the
families of people that you killed
allegedly I'm supposed to say that right
well he was not convicted but you have
your view of the events that he's a
murderer who also needs to not talk
about Colin Kaepernick so it's a spent a
lot of DNA as is why he needs to fall
back and if I made a secondary fallback
go for it what do you got you got
another one well we know that since I'm
talking about the juice at least a
portion of his defense was to pack the
jury with black women and you know right
on the assumption that they would just
hate him because he married a white
woman and to everyone who tries to get a
murderer off or get clicks for your
website or do anything based on your
misconceptions of what black women are
and what we do what we think or you can
leave us alone are your options this is
why I like fallback Friday because it's
guest driven which is expert driven so
people just bring it I have a I have a
really really basic one which is drone
bees I don't think we need them Walmart
just patented them they want to have
drones for these high-tech bee farms you
can look at some of this footage of
other Jones we've already seen out and
about these drones you know the idea
that they would get smaller and smaller
and harder and harder to detect
I love tech viewers know we do a lot on
tech here but I'm just saying drone bees
fall back we don't want to see you
I'm sure they make something all the
places that those could pop up I'm
already weirded out about LexA being in
my house and like drone bees can just
pop up anywhere like how do you even
know that they're there there's a camera
and a microphone I don't like yeah I
mean I just think where we're going I
mean the old robots were big smaller
robots if they're really smart and small
and undetectable they're gonna be I'm
just putting it out on the news they're
gonna be dangerous
my thanks to Jared Hill my wily MP a
Glenn on fallback Friday
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me
or click over on this list to see lots
of other great videos
