I'm checked out here in Washington and
welcome to a Friday edition of MTP daily
it is five o'clock in Washington do you
know where your White House advisors are
folks which is worse the uncertainty
Unleashed from knowing that there's
another round of White House exits
coming or the uncertainty Unleashed from
not knowing exactly who's going to leave
or win president says more changes are
coming all at the same time denying
reports that more changes are coming
but perhaps notably he's not leaving
town for the weekend like he normally
does which makes you wonder if he's
anticipating a busy few days this
weekend White House staffers are
seemingly watching their backs here's
White House press secretary
Sarah Sanders they just have actually
spoke to a number of staff this morning
reassuring them that there were
personnel changes no immediate personnel
changes at this time and that people
shouldn't be concerned we should do
exactly what we do every day and that's
come to work and do the very best job
that we can and that's exactly what
we're doing that's exactly what we're
focused on and many of us have relayed
that to other staffers that weren't part
of that meeting but here's the problem
with that assurance from the chief of
staff John Kelly right now there are
conflicting reports about whether or not
he might be leaving - and it's not just
Kelly there have been multiple reports
including from us here at NBC News about
a week ago the National Security Adviser
HR McMaster was on his way out Secretary
of State Rex Tillerson was fired by
tweet three days ago one of the
president's top personal aides was fired
after revelations he was being
investigated apparently over some
gambling habits there are a slew of
escalating controversies facing members
of the president's cabinet there's an
armed guard outside the VA secretary's
office for Pete's sakes and amid that
chaos the president is readying to meet
with North Korea and is reportedly
considering a new national security
adviser who has said we should bomb
North Korea our allies in Britain France
and Germany are desperately trying to
get the president not to blow up the
Iran deal and there are advisors left in
this White House to stop him from doing
that Russia is stepping up its cyber
attacks on critical US infrastructure
and the new CIA chief is awaiting Senate
confirmation we're in a high-stakes
battle in trade with Mexico and Canada
and the White House chief economists
just left his replacement just named if
you're worried about the stability of
this White House and the civility of US
policy get in line
and if you were still waiting for a
pivot from this president stop waiting
this could be the pivot some may have
wanted him to pivot away from turmoil
upheaval but that's so 2017 you might
call this the Trump pivot when he casts
off the staff constraints that tried at
times to supposedly contain him in
exchange for advisers that may unleash
him the moment Trump is basically acting
as his own Secretary of State his own
trade rep his own communications
director his own office manager his own
legal counsel and his own political
strategists and as we've seen sometimes
his impulses can also be his own worst
enemy hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
