welcome back tonight in an international
edition of meet the midterms voters are
heading to the polls on Sunday in Russia
to elect a president to a six-year term
polls show an independent candidate in
the lead it's the current president
former prime minister and KGB foreign
intelligence officer Vladimir Putin his
closest rivals are the Communist Party
candidate and an ultra nationalist
candidate both more than 60 points back
to prominent Putin rivals will not be on
the ballot politician Boris Nemtsov was
assassinated in Moscow in 2015 and an
anti-corruption campaigner Alexei Nalani
is barred from seeking election after
being convicted of embezzlement charges
he of course contests like our election
here in the state Sunday's contest in
Russia is all about expectation setting
and turnout election observers say the
Kremlin is aiming for its normal turnout
a level of around 70 percent to showcase
the results as a mandate for President
Putin anything lower they fear would be
viewed as Putin losing support inside
Russia so to boost turnout
Putin is meddling in his own election
he's hitting the stump to pitch the same
election promises we do here social
spending a beefed up nuclear arsenal and
of course infrastructure but the date of
the election itself appears to be
designed to highlight Putin's resume
March 18th the date Russia annexed
Crimea four years ago no accident if no
candidate gets a majority of the ballots
by the way a second round will be held
in two weeks but it's probably safe to
start printing those Putin 2024 blonde
signs
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me
or click over on this list to see lots
of other great videos
