be I Special Agent and of course he's an
NBC News national security analyst mr.
Watts good to see you sir
good to see you all right the how how
can the United States government respond
to this threat and can they respond
beyond anything other than more
sanctions it seems as if and we've gone
through this before are we have tied our
own hands when it comes to cyber yeah we
are vulnerable the biggest problem
America has in this new cyber space is
that we have more vulnerabilities than
any other country because we rely on it
more than any other country and we've
never built these systems out to be
secure even further that we we have
probably the best offensive cyber
capability in the world it seems like by
most accounts that's true and yet we
don't ever actually use it and because
the one thing we do know about this is
you can't control the collateral damage
we've seen both with the Russian
cyberattacks with black energy which is
the one you were talking about with
Ukraine and the knock Petya attack from
last summer
this had massive collateral damage
around the world and I'm sure the United
States doesn't want to do that in the
case of Russia in terms of a strike back
and therefore it leaves us really
vulnerable and almost no options in
terms of the cyber cyber landscape in
terms of a counter attack all right look
if the president said all right it's
time to fit we gotta tighten everything
up you just said we built this huge
infrastructure really without security
at the same time we're now trying to
layer the security in there we've got to
secure our elections we've got a secure
infrastructure we got to somehow figure
out the social media issue in a way that
both is constitutional and doesn't
destroy a democracy do we have the tools
to do this right now if the president
said let's let's batten down our own
hatches here no definitely not I think
it was very evident last summer when I
was at Aspen at the NBC sponsored event
out there Tombaugh sir who works in the
White House and has this in his
portfolio basically said they would
protect what's known as government but
calm the rest of us out in America
really they could not protect it they
pretty much
emitted that and there's no real plan
moving forward I'm not sure anyone in
government really knows what to do and
they definitely don't have the
capability to do it and we've talked
before on the show about an election
infrastructure that's a very simple you
know thing we could pick something
that's extremely important in 2018 and
beyond and yet we've seen just minimal
motion in terms of that in terms of
critical infrastructure defense and so
for whatever reason it is whether it's
really the Obama administration or the
Trump administration we made little
progress in terms of cyber defense you
hinted at this but I was struck by a
quote that that a the fireEye chief
executive officer Kevin Mandy I gave to
our colleagues in CNBC yesterday he said
this the reality is if all of Russia's
cyber weapons went against us and all of
our cyber weapons went against Russia
he says they would win now you just said
we have the best offensive capabilities
going but obviously we're vulnerable
right do you do you accept his problem
yeah we just we just have more to lose
yeah we've got so much more to lose than
the Russians do you know we could hit
their systems but their economy is not
really dependent on an internet economy
we we now in our houses our Internet of
Things everything is tied to the
Internet and so any massive attack they
take against us will be far more
devastating than anything we can do
against them well it sounds like do we
it sounds like we need a deep D Tech in
some areas I mean I think it's clear on
the election front the easiest way to
secure the elections is to just
basically unplug them all go back to
paper ballots right it's really about
resiliency and planning and we would say
you know in the military context we say
defense and deaths did we have a back-up
plan and the military just a few years
ago started going to this model it's
ironic it was general McMaster that was
one who said we need to train for
warfare hybrid warfare like we're seeing
in Ukraine that's really what he was
preparing the US military for and it was
what happens if we lose all of our
technical systems to decipher attack or
some sort of electronic warfare what
will we do as a nation we need to think
of that as well during the Sony attack
which North Korea did against the
company they knocked their email their
phones everything out to where that
company was functioning with runners
physical human beings running around
with messages so we need to be thinking
about this all the way through our
companies and resilience in our
infrastructure because we are now
growing up with a generation that's
never gone 30 seconds without Wi-Fi in
their life we are we are vulnerable both
in terms of our businesses but also
emotionally in terms of how we handle
this and look it just seems as if we
have no we have no weapon here to push
back at Putin here no at no way of
making him think twice before doing this
do we I think there is one way we could
do it what we don't want to do is
essentially do what Russia does to us
back to them if it's in terms of social
media we're violating our civil
liberties you know we're we're
undermining our values if it's with
cyberattacks we're hurting lots of
innocent people but I think there are
two angles which you've seen that really
do put fear in Putin one is oligarchs
the more that we put pressure on
oligarchs with sanctions and in the
financial system the more that puts
pressure back on Putin to sort of pull
back on his actions the second one is
really activists that you know we had
you had mentioned Navalny earlier in
this right if we actually help these
activists and pursue like we used to
during the Cold War
hey let's bring about a democratic
system let's actually bring people with
let's work for the Russian people to
help push this kleptocratic regime away
that will actually put pressure such
that we then can negotiate with Putin in
a one-on-one basis and say look we need
you to push back on your cyberspace
attacks and your information warfare and
then you know in return will also be
more measured in terms of how we handle
your financial constraints and also with
activists I think there are measures I
just think our president doesn't want to
pursue them because the the pursuant
would be directly personally you really
have to personalize the attack is what
you're saying
target Putin yeah yeah yeah well it's
that the president has to step step
forward yes
all right Clem watts I gotta let you go
I have to say that your backdrop being
in Key West Florida I don't know why you
brought a tie
I appreciate it for our viewers take
that tie up and go enjoy Key West I'll
be in swim trunks and ten minutes that's
right hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over
this list to see lots of other great
videos
