a special assistant of President Trump
he was the press secretary to vice
president pence he is now out of the
White House but he's a spokesman for the
Trump pence political operation and he's
also on the Trump 2020 advisory board
mr. louder you could speak to anything
officially I guess that's what I could
do so let me start with this does the
president like having this unsettled
environment around him I think the
president and I and I've seen it in
action he likes to have the staff
competing with ideas defending their
ideas their positions that way he sees
all sides of all of the issues and then
he makes this decision and it's time for
it's time for everyone to execute is
there a point though that it does become
New Berlin tomorrow saying look you were
there you left in September 17 and we
did this you were there while
Bannen Priebus spicer flynn call me
Walsh McFarland dubbed Gork I'll leave
Comey out of this I'm just gonna do
White House people all those folks left
before you left so you've been there
when there's been churn
I get the competition for ideas but
those are a point it becomes
demoralizing I think as long as the
staff feels like that their
contributions are still mattering and
and really I can't hit a number of times
we would leave out of the office usually
after dark and you'd call him you turn
on the news and talk to your family and
they would you would see the stories of
the chaos but you're so insular you're
so focused on whatever the task at hand
is whether it's tomorrow's meetings
whether it's the trade mission next
month or something along those lines you
really become very task-oriented and
then it kind of surprises you when you
see the outsides commentary on it I want
to ask you though about the maxius
reporting I've referred to it a little
bit in Kelly O'Donnell apparently the
chief of staff had an off-the-record
with a bunch of reporters Axios was not
in it so they they got reports of it
where John Kelly said the president's
conversations with outside advisors who
then perhaps talk to members of the
press have helped stir this perception
fair I mean the president talks to a lot
of people and I he talks to them and it
you know at all times during the day
many of those people still still go on
and talk I do think he likes to make
sure that he keeps his staff on his toes
so they're always working to deliver the
next message the next policy idea and
when you're reading about things I you
know I always try to tell people in all
walks of life not just at the White
when you're worried about those kinds of
things control what you can control and
that's doing the best job you can I'm
curious since you work for vice
president pence whether you could
there's something interesting here in
both vice-president pence and the
defense secretary Jim mattis they have
stayed out of the president's crosshairs
they also what they have in common is
they've kept their head down is that is
that the model of how to survive in a in
the way Trump likes to manage I think as
long as you were providing your counsel
to him in private he calls the shots you
go execute you keep your head down like
you said and that is that is the vice
president's motto what are we doing
every day to advance the President's
agenda to to take the next policy step
or or whether we're talking about the
politics on 2018 or going around the
world I think secretary mattis isn't in
very very much the same old it does seem
as those that pop their head up find
trouble the key is to stay on the key is
to continue to promote the president's
agenda that's something that is not
going to waver with the vice president
or was secretary Madison how would you
describe why the president wants this
basically what it appears to be he wants
an overhaul of his national security
team I mean there's a I know that
there's been the framing of this is just
oh there's but there's some to me
there's a pattern here he had said he
wasn't happy with that he didn't see eye
to eye with Tillerson he made that very
clear particularly in the issue of Iran
it's been pretty clear that he and
general McMaster don't always see eye to
eye on policy and General Kelly and I
mean that's his national security team
what is he looking for from a national
security team that he's not getting from
Tillerson McMaster and Kelly I think he
once all and I'm not gonna say he's not
getting it cuz I don't know enough to be
able to say that they're not providing
this to him so I wouldn't be in the room
for that but I think what he generally
wants his people to give him it give him
solid ideas options the thing that
always remarked but was remarkable about
the president to me was that he wanted
things done yesterday and/or he was
asking why didn't we do this yesterday
and so moving at the pace of Washington
DC especially in some cases especially
in the national security foreign policy
apparatus can move very slowly and
deliberately and he's more of a let's
make the decision and then let's vet it
and let's move on is the issue then with
his staff more about process than it is
policy is he there's for instance on the
trade deal he seemed to be frustrated by
the process and finally he just said
forget it
I'm just gonna
announced it and you guys figured out I
got an example of that it could be yes I
think he's very focused on what he knows
he's got that feeling of what he said I
know when it comes to tariffs that is
something he talked about on the
campaign trail and he is very committed
to delivering on those promises and
while he will hear all sides of the
argument and he will and he will
negotiate and he will use that as
leverage to make sure that we are
getting the best trade deals possible
whether it's with the European Union
China Canada and Mexico this is
something he told the voters he was
going to do and he wants to deliver on
that what's different about the
president Trump you observed in the
first say two or three months in the
president Trump you interact with now I
think the biggest thing is the same for
everyone in the White House those first
two or three months you everything is
new you're figuring it out for the first
time and you do have access to some some
of your predecessors of multiple
administration's that will help you
figure out some of the nuts and bolts
but you're experiencing it all from the
first international trip the first State
of the Union the first all of these are
brand new so you're trying to figure out
how to just keep everything running now
you've got your footing you're getting
in there and now you you know you've got
the basics done now we can dig in
further so is it fair to say that this
this round of staff shake-up then that's
coming perhaps or not and our
experiences it's more likely to come is
about him he's personally
comfortableness footing so now he knows
what he wants is that is that what we
should is that how we should read the
changes that the people he has in there
now these are the people he's much more
comfortable with than what he had in the
first round I don't want to disparage
anyone who was already there but I do
think what we're seeing with with the
president is he's customizing his team
for the task at hand
so as we face new challenges going into
North Korea with the Iran deal coming up
and obviously some very shocking and
disturbing allegations coming out of
what Russia's doing right now he wants
to make sure that he has his team
whether it be with the new state
secretary of state with the director of
the CIA in place speaking with his voice
knowing exactly what he wants to do and
then getting and then moving forward
from there all right you're on the 2020
advisory board you're part of the Trump
pent political operations so you're read
in Pennsylvania 18 it seems as if the
most Republicans view it as a big
negative the president is trying to
deflect like wait a minute you know I
think I helped I didn't hurt
is that really your assessment here or
do you think it's a because there you
have a Karl Rove who believes that the
president's presence did more for
Democratic turnout than it did for Trump
turnout I can't make the argument on
that I think one of the things we're
doing is we might be overanalyzing just
a broader tea leaves and there were some
very local issues in that race that I
think it's very high union membership in
that district the previous Republican
cognate scandal he had very but he had
longtime ties to to labor and so did
Connor Lam where Rick Ciccone actually
had a history in the state legislature
of opposing union back and in
Pennsylvania Republicans are usually
pro-labor Republicans right so you think
his anti-union background costume Union
I think there were a number of including
the fundraising aspects and some other
elements but I don't think he might have
been the right match for that district
but do you guys take any nervousness
away from this I think the big thing I'm
more nervous about is if you're an
incumbent or your challenger raise money
knock on doors do the basic blocking and
tackling the RNC the president vice
president and the NRCC cannot come and
save every single person you've got to
do it yourself the president United
States didn't like when the Arne's he
thought the RNC was meddling in the
presidential primaries why is he getting
involved in Senate primaries in Nevada I
believe he thinks that this is the best
chance for us to keep the seat the
Senate seat and to take that House seat
by having two great candidates running
when I get involved any more primaries
he's gonna try to clear the Arizona
field is he gonna try to clear the
Mississippi fields is he gonna try to
clear the ten I think you'll take a look
at it on a case by case basis this was
unique in the fact that there was
another race that
tarkanian could get into where he would
we would have the benefit of both both
of them if they win walk louder former
special assistant president now on the
outside and probably liking that someday
thinking anyway just a lot of thank you
very much hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
