we begin with a stunning interview with
stormy Daniels attorney with my
colleagues on Morning Joe just a few
minutes ago I want you to listen to what
Michael avenatti said about the attempts
to silence miss Daniels against a
silencer about her allegations about a
sexual relationship with the president
was she threatened in any way yes was
she threatened physical harm yes and can
you tell us whether it came from the
president directly the physical threats
I'm not gonna answer them will you deny
that the president the United States
threatened your client I will not
confirm or deny can you believe this
story is not going away it's only
getting bigger not only that avenatti
said Daniels isn't just alleging a
relationship with Trump he says she can
prove it you would not take on a client
or a case like this without unequivocal
proof what I'm gonna yeah I'll answer
that in the affirmative yes you would
not take on a case like this unless
there was proof that there was a sexual
relationship between store McDaniels and
donald trump and that they tried to
silence her about it
correct I was with my panel in on this
it's a good one Jennifer Palmieri served
as White House communications director
for President Obama no Elle Decor a
Republican strategist and author of
branding America and Jennifer Rogers an
executive director at Columbia Law
School and former assistant US attorney
in New York but M Rodgers I got to go to
you first because it's a legal question
I can't stand talking about stormy
Daniels I can't stand that we go day in
day out talking about a porn star and
the president but alas this problem
won't go away and it sounds like it's
getting bigger it is I mean if physical
threats are obviously a criminal matter
so to the extent that it's true that
someone associated with Trump physically
threatened stormy Daniels then obviously
their criminal implications there so I
agree with you and that doesn't even
touch the issue of whether there were
campaign violations of election law with
the payments and all of that so this is
a problem that's going to stick around
okay so that's the issue if President
Trump had an affair and guess what he
most likely did that's the guy he is
that's one thing but now is it a game
changer in physic
violence was threatened you can get into
criminal you can get into criminal
charges at that point - and that is
something that that's you know
unchartered territory for sitting for us
in United States so that can be it makes
it a lot more it makes it a lot more
serious but you know you saw this with
you know President Clinton's impeachment
started from a lawsuit filed by Paula
Jones right so this is a similar
situation in which lawsuits can can
spark a process that you know takes you
into a pretty dangerous places at for a
sitting president see Jennifer Palmieri
knows you to pay me two dollars if you
say unprecedented she didn't say it how
hard is this for you you've got to raise
Republican dollars from big donors yeah
day in and day out talk us through how
the White House has handled this well
you know the White House especially
Sarah Huckabee Sanders has done this to
the best of her ability I would not want
to be Sarah Huckabee Sanders this is a
very hard position and all all aspects
of this I think she's done a good job
but for me as a Republican I know a see
your face but for me a Republican
fundraiser there are there are you have
to look at the races and you have to
look at where Trump resignate so if
there is a district that's better to
distance yourself from the president I
mean you've dealt with this with Obama
you know there are certain places where
it behoves you to say you know that's
the president we're running our own race
we did it in the mayor's race against de
Blasio people were trying to tie a
Nicole malya tacos who ran against de
Blasio with Donald Trump so she had to
very quietly tiptoe kind of around and
say I like some of its policies but it's
not about Trump so you have to push him
away just like when you know towards the
bush election if you'll remember a lot
of people did not want Bush our Karl
Rove or any of the surrogates to come
down and campaign and endorse or
anything because you know of different
things that he had done in the
administration that people didn't agree
with and they wanted to run their own
campaign so this is unfortunate this is
also territory that no one likes to even
talk about it's about sex no one really
likes to talk about sex that's not true
a lot of you like
I think I know people like talking about
you don't like talking about it like
talk about I'm pretty sure other people
do I mean it's hard when you're trying
to raise money when this issue comes up
less or is it hard when evangelicals
want to continue to stand with the
president and pretend that this doesn't
exist is it hard when you say that
you're the party of Family Values oh by
the way this is a pornstar we're dealing
with porn stars Stephanie yes I mean
think about this we yeah we have to look
at this we have to answer it it's an
elephant in the room we don't like to
address no one likes to address it the
only thing that's out there is they're
saying that President Trump is denying
these allegations and that's where you
stop and everybody about the big issue
though isn't the payoff the issue here
this is about it's less about the sex
that it is about silencing someone and
paying them off well legally it's about
the payoff and the the benefits of the
campaign but politically I think it's
about the lying I mean the sex is the
one thing but he's out there all if you
think it's about the line are you aware
that three thousand lies have crossed
through this White House in the last
year and a half I know but this is a
topic that I think some of the people
who ignore lies about more substantive
topics will pay attention to I mean
maybe this is naive as you're suggesting
but I think lying about something like
this people say oh yeah he did it he
lied that's a problem isn't this more
just out of curiosity isn't this more
between Michael Cohen now I mean because
he did this they're saying out of his
own free will now you've got another
lawyer connected to trump who signed off
on this Michael Cohen could be the 800th
person to take a bullet for president
Trump but at the end of the day you get
closer and closer to chunk there's just
so many of these and there's been
reporting that there were reimbursements
in the amount of like 129 that you know
sense within sense of one hundred and
thirty thousand dollars from the
campaign so I know if you can get it to
the campaign which is Trump's campaign
he's on the hook for that election law
violations like the problem with these
why 130 why would you
supposedly worth 10 billion dollars if
you're gonna do it she's a porn star
porn stars do this usually for the money
they're not just having a big grand time
they're doing it to make a big name and
a big living in the industry why would
you stormy Daniels say um let's see
130 that's my number why do I want to
know why 130
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
