okie-doke buckle up now to the latest on
the White House revolving door that's
why I'm so tired I've been on the phone
all night the Washington Post reporting
that the president has made up his mind
to fire his national security adviser HR
McMaster earlier this month NBC News had
reported that he would be removed by the
end of March while Trump has not done it
yet the move would add the three-star
general to the list of dozens of White
House officials that have been shown the
door remember it was just can you
believe it it was only three days ago
that Rex Tillerson got the boot Nowell
Jennifer Palmieri and Bill Cohen still
with me HR McMaster let's go first even
though it was reported last night he's
leaving my reporting says he was packing
his bags to go on a trip today on behalf
of the White House so how does he even
conduct his job or how does the White
House go on at a time like but I think
that the the credibility of the national
security team is in bad shape
they have McMaster it there's a lot of
reasonably master doesn't have the faith
of the president the United States and
that the person United States this week
told everyone that he lies to his allies
so it is I just there's just not any way
that whether it's McMaster or Pompeo or
mattis can go overseas and speak with
authority about this is the position in
the United States of America and you can
rely on it and that is you know that's a
complete dangerous place for the United
States to be but you know the the
president saying what he did about lying
to Justin Trudeau and just making it up
it's not as if world leaders don't
understand that Donald Trump lies but
when he says it publicly it puts them on
the spot in their own country to have to
respond publicly and be even and be
publicly incredulous about what the
United States says and whether they can
be relied upon and that and just like
contemplate the kind of damage that that
does to the stand our standing in the
world so it's like well beyond weather
like HR McMaster as a person has
credibility it's the United States of
America no longer does all right well
let's just pull up we got a full screen
of all these people around the press
then on shaky ground and I realized the
president you know isn't happy these
days but how would this fair if he gets
rid of all of these people who then need
to be confirmed like we have to think
about there is a legislative agenda
somewhere in here that the president
wants to get to you so if you're a
Republican and you see that all these
people could lose their jobs that
doesn't bother you or do you say like
well listen it's putting all those
judges in place I'm happy well you know
this is hard for Republicans because
when you do any torre√≥n any types of if
you want to get something done put it
this way and you have to go you have to
deal with any of these directors and you
form a bond or a relationship and and
you can pretty much you know figure out
what's going to be the next step and
then they're gone and then you have to
turn around and build a new relationship
I could see where it could stop progress
I mean I really do and it's also a
distraction and it's also when the
Republican Party we really need to be
very unified and this is very hard
because you know you have to you're
you're put in a position to you know
just like I am to say well I guess out
with the old in with the new and it was
just three months ago he was you know
put in this office it's very hard to to
take all this incoming fire but it this
way I just saw Ben Carson on there I
love Ben Carson I mean this is just you
know he went out just like Jeff Sessions
these are people that took bullets in
the campaign and part of their rewards
are getting some of these appointments
and then okay but Jeff Sessions is
getting criticized by the president for
doing his job you've got people that are
actually doing things that the president
should be mad about super newton
spending a million dollars of taxpayer
money on military flights ben Carson
given his daughter-in-law a no-bid
contract job for 500 grand and a $31,000
dining room table you got Shogun and the
trip for his wife to Europe them going
to getting free tickets to Wimbledon you
got Scott Pruett and the phone booth
what did it cost 40 grand and then Zinke
know I don't take private jets their
propeller planes give me a break the
president actually has a right to be
annoyed and and he should be and it's
outrageous this
raft that is essential I think he's
stealing from the American people
it's obviously not right he's in the
process I guess of trying to replace me
I mean for a guy who had a show for 10
years talking about firing people
he has such a weird way of letting
people go sort of leaks it out I mean I
remember with Gary Cohen we had heard I
had heard that he was supposed to go
after the State of the Union address so
it took another what four weeks or
something so maybe they said Cohen's
leaving maybe you just have to add four
weeks to the timetable because he
doesn't like the press being the one to
report that I'm new to politics how
unprecedented is it and I know not
allowed to say that here all of this
egregious spending like when I look at
Steve Newton a million bucks for
military flights like what would God's
name did you need to do that happened
before I mean we have the Teapot Dome
scandal there have been lots of
unfortunately people with their hand in
the till over the years now this is
pervasive
it's outrageous I mean there seems to be
no shame at all when it comes to these
people and then they say you're worth
hundreds of millions of dollars you and
Louise can dial up wheels up if you want
to take a private plane yeah they have
and I think this is partly I mean having
worked in white houses it's a factor of
not having a particularly competent or
well-functioning white house because
normally you would have controls over
this so that if anybody wanted to get a
military jet they had to go through the
Obama White House between a cabinet
affairs office to get perfectly had to
go to the White House military office to
do that and I just don't think they had
these kinds of controls and it seems
small it you know given some of the
enormity of the other issues that we
face with Trump but this is the kind of
thing that sticks in people's minds the
kind of thing that really bugs normal it
sends yeah really it really bugs them
and I mean even his supporters could be
by things like this kind of behavior
yeah I mean secretary minuchin I'm here
to help if you want me to give you the
number of Kennedy from wheels up I know
them I can introduce you
seriously dude pay it with your own
money not the taxpayer dollars
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
