counsel Robert and Muller appears to be
getting one step closer to president
Donald Trump the New York Times is
reporting that Muller has subpoenaed the
Trump Organization in recent weeks to
turn over documents including some
related to Russia according to two
people briefed on the matter
The Times reports the breadth of the
subpoena is not clear but word of it
came as Muller appears to be broadening
his inquiry to examine the role of
foreign money and how it may have played
in funding mr. Trump's political
activities the New York Times points out
that the Trump Organization has
typically complied with requests from
congressional investigators for
documents and there was no indication
the company planned to fight mr. Muller
again why would you fight fighting
because we even saw it speaking of the
stormy Daniels case we even saw in
stormy Daniels John Heilemann where they
actually use sometimes the Trump
Organization to move their lawyers to
get a login I mean that's actually a
perfect example of how there really is
no separation between Donald Trump the
Trump Organization and this campaign
yeah I mean look as we all know it be
mom and pop shop and the whole campaign
was built around the Trump Organization
so there's no legal justification for it
you could imagine a circumstance in
which they still tried to fight the
subpoena but to their credit they have
basically taken the posture that they're
gonna cooperate with these
investigations in terms of production of
documents both congressional and the
special prosecutor and they've done that
and we'll good what Donald Trump said
earlier I mean it was a completely
different time the Moller investigations
moved it's going at a very fast clip the
overwhelming majority of Americans
support what Bob Muller's doing they
trust what Bob Muller's doing and
they're built a whole lot of Russians
that have been indicted more Russians
are gonna be indicted it's just the
president is not in a position now to
say I'm not going by with a subpoena
right this may be the first time we've
seen publicly a subpoena of the Trump
Organization but you have to believe
that Bob Muller has always been looking
at businesses if you're talking about
whether or not he bowed to Russia in
some way or he asked for help from
Russia there would be what would be his
incentive to win the election but also
because he had some business interests
there so and the Trump Organization was
always going to play it
it's always been right at the center oh
yeah if I mean what's everybody trying
to figure out the connection between
Vladimir Putin right Donald Trump that
obviously has nothing to do with beauty
pageants it's about business yeah that's
right let's go to Michael Schmitt the
New York Times reporter who broke this
story Michael good morning good to have
you with us what does this represent to
you as you have reported on Bob Mahler
really right from the beginning what
step do you think this looks like well
in some ways this is a normal
investigative step they're going to try
and collect as much information as
possible to make sure they turn over
every rock you have to remember a big
fear of a special council is that they
some day close up shop and information
comes out that they miss so they want to
be as thorough as possible they serve
these subpoenas they come back with
documents it's our understanding there
were many search terms in the subpoena
and the Trump Organization now has to
find go through all of their documents
to be responsive to it this is emails
this is all sorts of things and give it
back to them I think at the end of the
day the biggest takeaway that we have
from this is that in the final months of
last year there was repeatedly the
arguments from the president's lawyers
that this was going to be over as we
over by Thanksgiving it was going to be
over by Christmas and now here we are in
March and something like this is coming
out so this investigation will certainly
be around for several more months if not
longer yeah it sounds like that was a
bedtime story the president's lawyers
were telling him to make him feel better
about about this investigation but it's
going to continue for some time now
Trump's businesses the Trump
Organization is as joe said it's always
been kind of at the middle of all this
and what business dealings he may have
with Russia and how that impacted any
efforts to alter this election is that
been a focus of Bob Muller from your
understanding and just sort of below the
radar from some of the splashy or
headlines
well the the financial side of this is
something with we know the least about
we know a lot about obstruction we know
a lot about things that have gone on in
the White House that are being examined
the firing of Comey the president's
treatment of sessions different threats
about wanting to fire Muller those
things
we know a lot about that we know a lot
about meetings about the Don jr. meeting
about other meetings that Trump
associates tried to have with Russians
but on the financial side we know the
least we've had very little insight into
it and we know up until the story
yesterday if you talk to the president's
lawyers they would say they knew a very
few questions that had come up about the
president's finances and very few
requests if any for documents related to
them now this is not related directly to
the president's finances it's not like
they went and not we don't know if they
went Nass directly about the president's
bank account but this is the president's
business the thing that he obviously
spent years working on and was the
center of his argument for why he should
become president because he was such a
great businessman it's something that he
invested a lot of himself in and he's
used his children to run and if you talk
to folks there it's an organization
where folks at the top are directly
involved in a lot of things and we think
that if you look if you look into the
Trump Organization you'll see that that
they that they are involved in a lot of
the different entities there David
Ignatius what we're talking about Russia
let's look at the other story which is
the headline of the Washington Post
let's get a quick look at the Post
Lead new sanctions target Russia
strongest response yet from Trump you
know David it's been I know for for
everybody a little frustrating following
Donald Trump's response from Russia
because you have the president's non
response verbally but at the same time
you've had going back a year you've had
the Vice President of the United States
sounding like Ronald Reagan in 1982 very
tough on Russia nikki Haley people were
shocked by what nikki Haley said this
past week they shouldn't be she's been
our UN Ambassador has been consistently
tough against Russia you you've had
McMaster general McMaster consistently
being tough against Russia this seems to
be a yesterday seemed to be the moment
when it all came together regardless of
what the president is or is not saying
Joe you always have to wait and make
sure that
rhetoric of one day is six days
sustained into the next but yes it does
seem as if as if a corner was turned and
what the President himself was willing
to say he directly blamed the Russians
for poisoning this Russian former spy
was living peacefully was it was in
Saul's ring one little Cathedral town
poisoned with a terrible a soviet-era
nerve nerve agent the unified response
from Britain France Germany in the
United States against Russia the
decision by the Trump administration to
finally impose significant sanctions
against against the Russians not
everything they could do but significant
sanctions raising the cost to Russia of
its of its behavior right the
possibility that there'll be additional
moves by all these parties to try to
tighten the screws it does say that
we've entered I think a new phase in
terms of holding Putin accountable as I
as I wrote this morning this time Putin
may have gone too far they actions are
so outrageous that it's triggered a
response so outrageous I just I don't
understand it I mean it again even
assuming the very worst of Vladimir
Putin I don't understand just how
audacious this attack was and I'm not so
sure what he expected to get out of it
again attacking a fellow member of the
UN Security Council on Britain's soil
it's really remarkably short-sighted
it's way over the line even for an
ex-kgb officer to go out and do this
kind of reprisal killing again we need
to have more evidence to link this
directly to to Putin but it's clear that
this is a soviet-era nerve agent it is
extraordinary even if this even during
the Soviet era a KGB agents were never
so brash I mean I you know they were
dare I say conservative with a small C
they they
whenever this audacious where were what
they call wet jobs there were a few
instances in which in which intelligence
defectors were killed I know I did
something yesterday afternoon I took the
transcript of your colleague megan
kelly's interview with letter putin last
week and I just ran a little filter and
I found that he used the phrase
so what eleven times eleven times he
says you know she'll said she'll say but
you know there's evidence that the
thirteen Russians were indicted but and
he'll say so what right yeah again and
again and that's the person that we're
dealing with the person who over he's
been in power eighteen years well over
18 years is decided
so what but or are there not oligarchs
around him that you can that can apply
some sort of pressure to him so that's I
think the question that the US Britain
France Germany and others should be
thinking about very carefully now how do
you apply sufficient pressure to get him
to change his behavior
this behavior is way over the line and
it's got to stop hey Michael Schmidt
it's John Heilemann here I want to go
back to Bob Miller and ask you about
about something the probably comes out
of something you were just talking about
a second ago
it's C there's a theory of the case for
people who are closely watching this
investigation that if you think about as
we long have the investigation is kind
of receding on two tracks the track of
obstruction of justice the track of
collusion conspiracy corruption that
essentially Muller is done with the
first track and that's what we're seeing
right now is a shift away from the
obstruction case that as you pointed out
we've seen a lot without you've known a
lot about the details of that that that
he's basically done with that apart from
the interview that he wants to do with
Trump and now with all of these
resources that he has we know these
lawyers who were specialists and complex
financial crimes and bank fraud and
money laundering that this is now the
focus that he's now on and that we are
as you just said now looking at an
almost a whole new investigation that
could play out as you again suggested
for months and months and months to come
well we don't have obviously a lot of
insight into Muller
and how his operation works but through
our reporting we've been able to
understand that there are sort of
different parts of his house and they're
able to do a lot of different things at
the same time there are investigators
that have focused on the questions of
obstruction there are investigators have
focused on collusion and others that are
focused on finances so these have all
gone at the same time they've moved
together different prosecutors working
on different things so I don't think
this is an offshoot I think these are
things that have been running all along
on the obstruction side there are only
so many events to look at the president
has only been in office for so much time
and they have gone through a lot of
these things and spoken to a lot of the
key players there only a few of them
left Jared Kushner and the president
being the two most prominent ones that
they need to speak to about that issue
but on the the finances side I think
this is something that has proceeded
very quietly under the radar and as you
know in looking at ties to collusion and
such and we just have not gotten a lot
of insight into it but I don't think
this is something new I think this is
something that has been going on but as
they take more overt steps if you take a
you know you go out and get a subpoena
or if you were to do something even more
extreme and get a search warrant it
bubbles up and comes out in the press oh
I'm not sure this is that new internally
to what Muller's doing the New York
Times Michael Schmidt thank you so much
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
