I want to take a look at the other thing
that Robert Muller is apparently doing
one month ago when Robert Muller and his
prosecutors brought a blockbuster
indictment against 13 Russian nationals
and a handful of Russian organizations
and businesses that was yet another
surprise turn and the special counsels
investigation I'm not sure anybody saw
that coming but it was also a landmark
moment for us as a country in this whole
arc of a story about Russia attacking
our election messing with our democracy
trying to mess with our ability to
choose our own leaders because when
Robert Muller brought that indictment
brought those felony criminal charges
against all those Russians who had
worked on this attack into our election
process that was the first time since
this president has been in office that
any action was taken to defend us from
what Russia did to it was the first time
our government in any form had done
anything to defend us to try to push
back at what Russia had done to try to
punish them at all for the Russian
attack it was almost like you know well
if the American government as a whole
isn't gonna push back on this or fight
against what the Russians have been
doing at least the special counsels well
special counsels office will do its bit
to try that's obviously a very awkward
way for a country to try to remedy that
wrong and individual criminal
indictments are a weird way to make
foreign policy and to stand up for
yourself
geopolitically as a nation Robert my
learner's prosecutors tried with those
indictments part of that I think the
national reaction to those indictments
was like who finally somebody's pushing
back at him and their work to push back
at Russia for the 2016 attack as of
today it's no longer just the basis of
those criminal indictments that we saw
filed a month ago as of today that work
done in the special counsel's office is
now US policy for the whole American
government because today the US Treasury
Department under secretary Stephen man
mission announced that basically they
copied everything in the Muller
indictment against those Russians they
copied it into a new document and called
it
sanctions all those people charged by
Muller and his team last month are now
the subject of new US sanctions against
Russia in response to the Russian attack
on our election lots of news coverage
today described these sanctions as the
most significant action taken against
Russia since President Trump took office
let the record show this is actually the
only action taken against Russia since
President Trump took office I mean there
were the indictments from Muller's
office a month ago and now those
indictments have become sanctions that's
it that's all they've done I mean the
Obama administration before they left
office they took action they expelled 35
Russian diplomats they seized two
Russian controlled diplomatic facilities
one on the west coast one on the East
Coast they did impose new sanctions on
Russian officials for the Russian attack
the Obama administration did all that
remember after the presidential election
but before Trump was sworn in they did
that during the transition and you will
also remember how Trump's folks
responded to that right quite famously
Trump's soon-to-be national security
adviser Mike Flynn and a whole bunch of
other senior officials involved in the
Trump transition they all decided it
would be a good idea to have Flynn have
some secret conversations with the
Russian government undercutting Obama's
sanctions telling Russia not to worry
about those sanctions from Obama letting
Russia know that even though maybe the
Obama administration wanted to punish
them for what Russia did in the election
the incoming Trump administration had no
such intention so they should stand down
and not worry about it too much and then
once the Trump folks got in office they
in fact started to have discussions
immediately about how they could
unilaterally move to get rid of those
sanctions that Obama had imposed to
punish Russia for the election attack
that was investigative reporter Michael
Isikoff big scoop last summer about
those efforts in the very first days of
the Trump administration where they were
already trying to get rid of the
sanctions on Russia and those efforts so
alarmed national security folks across
Washington across different agencies
across both parties they so alarmed
people that Congress almost unanimously
passed new sanctions legislation in
response Congress passed legislation
that took the sanctions decision out of
Trump's hands they passed legislation
legally required him to keep Obama
sanctions in place and legally required
him to levy new sanctions of his own
against the Russian government that bill
again passed almost unanimously Trump
said he would have vetoed it he didn't
want to do it but the margins by which
it passed were too great too great so he
reluctantly signed it
Trump is therefore required by US law to
institute new sanctions against Russia
as punishment against them for their
attack on our election despite the
existence of that law the Trump
administration has been dragging its
feet and they have missed every single
deadline imposed by that law on one
class of those sanctions they just
flat-out said they wouldn't do it the
law requires the Trump administration to
impose new sanctions on people doing
business with Russians
Russia's weapons and military sector the
Trump administration announced they
wouldn't do it they said in their
estimation just the existence of this
law itself was a such great deterrent
value against Russia that no new
sanctions would actually be necessary
the problem is those new sanctions
required by law we're not about
deterring anything they were about
punishing Russia for something they
already did Trump administration opted
out of that decided not to do it one of
the other requirements of the law was
that the Trump administration was
supposed to draw up essentially a list
of oligarchs high net worth individuals
who are known to have acquired their
wealth at least in part thanks to the
good graces of Vladimir Putin's
government and state assets people who
are believed to be personally close to
or linked to Putin people who were
involved to be who are thought to be
involved in pursuing the Kremlin's goals
in Russia or around the world through
public or private action the idea of an
oligarch slist for sanctions of hitting
Putin and the cronies he controls
hitting them where it hurts them the
most in the wallet that is required by
the sanctions law and it's considered to
be a particularly potent way of pushing
back at Putin for what he did well weird
thing happened on the way to the only
Cox list our reporting indicates that a
a real list of the kind described in the
law
was mate or it was at least seriously
researched and worked on at the State
Department and at other agencies
responsible for producing these
sanctions for whatever reason though
that real list disappeared no real list
of the kind required by the law was ever
put out on the day of the deadline
basically at midnight on the day of the
deadline for those sanctions to be
published
Trump's Treasury Department instead
released a laugh-out-loud list of
Kremlin officials and rich russians that
hadn't absolutely nothing to do with the
requirements of the law Treasury
Department was later forced to admit
that the way they produced their list
was literally by copying down the list
of richest Russians they got out of
Forbes magazine and adding to it a list
of government officials they appear to
have just copied and pasted off the
Kremlin website if Stephen minuchin was
not Treasury secretary and was instead a
high school sophomore even a lazy
teacher running that submission through
one of those programs that catches
plagiarism would red flag that sucker
and send it back and fail him and maybe
suspend him so despite the law requiring
the Trump administration to sanction the
Russians for what they did in our
election the Trump administration has
gone through backflips to not do that
until today they announced their first
new sanctions today and this is also a
cutting base job they did just copy the
new sanctions today right from Robert
Muller's indictment but okay in this
case at least they were plagiarizing
from somebody who appears to know what
he's doing and appears to be taking his
work seriously
once again Robert Muller thank you for
doing what you're doing to build us a
national defense against the Russian
attack but here's the other thing that
happened alongside this today we got
this announcement of the the sanctions
copied from the Millar indictment okay
but then we also got this it's a big
technical warning released by the
Department of Homeland Security and the
FBI it is also about Russia it is much
harder to read but it is as serious as a
heart attack
and that story's next
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
