well the Trump Organization says that it
is old news it's old news that special
prosecutor Robert Muller has subpoenaed
the Trump Organization turned over
documents including documents involving
Russia and it is old news within the
Trump Organization because according to
the New York Times breaking news story
today that subpoena was delivered in
quote recent weeks but it is new news to
us to all of us today and the rest of
the world that the New York Times is
reporting that the special prosecutor
has subpoenaed the Trump Organization
the order is the first known instance of
the special counsel demanding records
directly related to the president to
president Trump's businesses bringing
the investigation closer to the
president the Trump Organization
released a statement today saying that
they publicly stated last year that they
would fully cooperate with the
congressional investigations and the
special prosecutor's investigation the
statement said this is old news and our
assistance in cooperation with the
various investigations remains the same
today
the New York Times says the subpoena was
delivered in recent weeks so let's just
take a glance back at the single-most
panic filled tweet President Trump has
issued in recent weeks it would be this
one witch hunt
he couldn't even come up with a sentence
just the primal scream in all caps witch
hunt
exclamation point February 27th a couple
of weeks ago on a Tuesday Donald Trump
just screams witch hunt on Twitter was
that today the Trump Organization
lawyers told the president that Robert
Muller was finally knocking on their
door and he wasn't knocking politely he
was banging the door down with a
subpoena a subpoena that makes it a
crime for the Trump Organization to try
to destroy or even misplace any of those
documents this is the subpoena that
Donald Trump has feared more than any
other this is the kind of subpoena that
destroyed
President Richard Nixon it wasn't a
subpoena
required Nixon to testify that destroyed
his presidency
it was the subpoena that required Nixon
to produce documents and other records
including audio tapes of his
conversations in the White House and
what Richard Nixon was forced to hand
over after fighting that subpoena all
the way to the United States Supreme
Court and losing was the material that
proved Richard Nixon committed crimes in
the Oval Office and that spelled the end
of the Nixon presidency there are many
possible places to look for evidence of
the worst things that Donald Trump has
ever done in his life it could be in the
files of the National Enquirer in
stories that the National Enquirer has
refused to publish because of the
publishers friendship with Donald Trump
or it could be in confidentiality
agreements that Donald Trump has signed
using the fake name David Dennison
that's the name he used in the
confidentiality agreement with stormy
Daniels and possibly countless other
women who have found themselves in the
same position as stormy Daniels but it
may be that the most likely place to
find evidence of the worst things that
Donald Trump has ever done is inside the
Trump Organization and we now know that
even storming Daniels case has involved
a lawyer in the Trump Organization but
Robert Muller is looking for evidence
about much more important stuff than
what Donald Trump did with stormy
Daniels he wants to know what Donald
Trump did with Russia he wants to know
what business Donald Trump did with
Russia what business don't Trump tried
to do with Russia
what business Donald Trump hoped to do
with Russia and what business Donald
Trump in his family might continue to
hope to do with Russia Donald Trump
fears this line of investigation so much
that last year he told the New York
Times that Robert Muller would be
crossing quote a red line that's what he
called it a red line if Muller
investigated Donald Trump's finances and
his family's finances Donald Trump
didn't tell the New York Times last year
what he would do if Robert Muller
crossed that red line but knowing Donald
Trump as we do
the very first thing we would expect
Donald Trump to do is scream witch hunt
on Twitter and someday we'll know the
date that Robert Mahler subpoenaed the
Trump Organization will become a
publicly known historical fact someday
and so we will know if Donald Trump's
February 27th primal scream of witch
hunt was the day that he got a call from
New York from the Trump Organization
telling him that Donald Trump's business
just received its first subpoena from
Robert Miller we now know that in
response to that subpoena the Trump
Organization will be handing over to the
special prosecutor any in all documents
emails texts and any other material they
have concerning Donald Trump's attempt
to close a deal on a building project in
Moscow that would give him something he
has dreamed about for decades a Trump
Tower in Moscow hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
