I think one tonight it's worth
remembering that just after he was
elected president Donald Trump settled a
25 million dollar fraud lawsuit brought
against his now defunct Trump University
so it shouldn't be too surprising to see
the behavior now the people who filled
up his administration such as former CDC
director Brenda Fitzgerald who was
reportedly trading tobacco stocks while
leading anti-smoking efforts or Veterans
Affairs Veteran Affairs Secretary David
Shulkin who turned to European business
trip into a $120,000 nine-day family
vacation or of course HUD secretary ben
Carson and his wife kandi and the
$31,000 in office for an unsure it
appears they absolutely had a role in
buying despite earlier denials or the
former remembered him HHS Secretary Tom
Price or the current EPA head Scott
Pruett and interior secretary Ryan Zinke
all flying around in massively expensive
military jets at public expense but when
it comes to the straight-up dollar
amounts grifted no one in president
Trump's cabinet has anything on the man
seen here holding your cash at the thing
- in 60 seconds
commercial air travel is good enough for
millions of people every day Treasury
secretary Steve minuchin is not one of
that the Newton's estimated be worth at
least 300 million dollars that's not his
money you see there that's actually us
printed currency last summer he got
married for a third time and asked to
use twenty five thousand dollar an hour
goverment jet for his honeymoon that
request was fortunately for all involved
denied when minuchin and his wife flew
to Kentucky in August to check out the
Eclipse atop of the roof of Fort Knox
they used a military jet that cost the
public more than thirty thousand dollars
government inquiry revealed Newton
traveled seven times a military aircraft
since taking over the Treasury
Department at the cost of more than
eight hundred thousand dollars today
thanks to a watchdog group in Washington
we found out Venusian took eight
separate trips on military aircraft at a
total of nearly 1 million dollars as the
watchdog group crew notes Steve minuchin
seems to put his own comfort before the
protection of public funds let me be
clear you know I'm very sensitive to the
use of government funds I've never asked
the government to pay for my personal
travel and this was purely about
alternatives of how I'd be able to be
involved for national security
hey there are miss Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
