last summer Trump was asked about the
scope of ballers investigation
specifically whether the special counsel
will be crossing a line if you looked
into Trump's personal finances here's
that exchange and have a White House
responded when asked about it today it's
now been reported that the special
counsel has subpoenaed the Trump
Organization for stealing's with Russia
is this a red line it's the president
upset about this as we've maintained all
along and as the president has said
numerous times
there was no collusion between the
campaign and Russia
let me now to provide insight and
exactly what Muller might be looking
into Andre of Bernstein who's co-host of
at wmic and Pro Publica z-- Trump Inc
podcast which examines the intersection
of Trump's business and the government
of which there are many and New Yorker
staff writer out of Davidson has written
about Trump's business of corruption
asking what secrets will Muller find
what he investigates the president's
foreign deals and I start with you Adam
because that's the I think that's the
some sort of subheading on that story
that you wrote which is about a deal at
a former Soviet republic which you just
went out Muller's ability went in and
found some really shady stuff going on I
mean one of the most amazing things in
investigating the Trump Organization is
how much and what people call open
source intelligence which basically
means googling reading articles maybe
reading some court document like to call
open source intelligence every time I
google yes exactly yeah is that
restaurant open I'm doing some open
source intelligence and how much is
already out there how much how many of
the people Trump has done business with
have been criminals of a wide range i
sanctions violations with iran russian
mafia figures i just yesterday learned
about a whole group that was associated
with the FARC with terrorists in Latin
America with human trafficking
and there's so much out there but what
we don't have and what Muller can
uniquely get that we journalists can't
get is the actual trail the emails
describing mind frame describing do they
know this is criminal activity how are
they interacting with these people where
is the money coming from where is it
going who knows the sources that's the
stuff that we reporters would kill to
have and Muller actually can just get
with a subpoena it's it's hard even with
all of this open source intelligence not
to have subpoena envy right and to sort
of wish we could know what Muller is
going to find out when he gets to the
end of a subpoenas you know he has the
president has always said I don't have
deals in Russia and again from the sort
of what the reporting is we know they
pursue deals in Russia but there was
there weren't the deals didn't come to
fruition what it seems to me is he
doesn't have a trump tower in Russia
because he certainly got all kinds of
business ties I mean just to take the
most famous example the Aguilera sis
oligarchs family from Russia he did the
Miss Universe pageant with them and then
three years later they walk in to Trump
Tower with dirt on Hillary Clinton so
there's a connection that we already
know about from emails that the
president's son released into the public
domain right and where they were the
intermediary that sent the dirt to Trump
Tower right the there is no there is no
separation between the business
associations and these possible
collusion associations right the only
reason that he knows these people is
because they were in business together
on the Miss Universe pageant there's
also the question of I mean when you get
to the money flows right the big
question in real estate is blind LLC's
and no-name operations that purchase
real estate is incredibly common in the
New York real estate market the New York
Times done some investigative reporting
and no one knows again from the public
view a reporter it's very hard to figure
out where that money is coming from
exactly let's say you own an apartment
building you sell three units to an LLC
someone later finds out that LLC was
owned by a company that was owned by a
company that was owned by a criminal who
was using that purchase to launder some
money something a prosecutor would want
to know is did you know who that was
did you know where the source of the
money was from an amazing reporting
Andreea did we know
that Donald Trump jr. and Ivanka openly
in emails talked about how they knew
that a real estate deal they were
involved in was criminal but they
weren't worried because nobody would
find out about it so these are people
who we know I mean Don Jr's email saying
I we these are people who say things and
emails you really should not say an
email well you won't mind me of that
reporting so the story is that in the
Trump Soho which was an apartment
department tower or condo Hotel Tower in
downtown Manhattan where there was it
was very hard to sell and there was a
criminal case a two year criminal
investigation into Don junior and Ivanka
and whether they had knowingly committed
fraud in saying that there were so many
units sold that they were making false
assurances to buyers yeah you can't you
can't materially misrepresent you can't
say we've sold 80% of the units from you
sold 20% because that that's fraud and
in fact most of the prosecutors in the
Manhattan DA's office who were working
on this wanted to move the case forward
but sigh Vance the Manhattan da after he
was paid a visit by one of presidents
Trump's lawyers decided to end the case
so it was a the story was about how
Donald jr. and Ivanka were almost
indicted so this was one case where you
were just talking about Donald Trump
hasn't had criminal indictments that
he's faced before but this was one case
where his family came very close and do
you think you would be able I mean we
know that they were able to make out a
series of very sophisticated and
intentionally opaque financial
transactions in the case of manna Ford
they were Mabel able to make those
fairly clear absolutely I mean with
manna for the it's hard to imagine how
he does anything other than either
cooperate or go to jail and and I think
once you get inside the paperwork of the
Trump Organization it is they have been
involved in so many people who are
laundering money so many people who are
violating other kinds of financial
crimes it's to me it seems impossible to
imagine there is not criminal activity
recorded in emails financial
transactions legal documents it would be
extraordinary with all of the people who
are
them I mean everywhere we look there's
one one step away there's a money
launderer there's somebody involved in
fraud there's somebody who is you
evading paying their taxes all around
Trump world now in real estate
transactions you're not required to know
your buyer it can be a money launderer
but this issue of what is the Trump
organizations knowledge is its key and
then also key is what is the connection
to the campaign we now know what this
recent Michael Point in information that
the Trump Organization and its legal
apparatus was much more entwined with
the campaign than we had realized that
is a great point once you start getting
documents from Trump or you start to see
what emails are going in which direction
that might overlap with the campaign
Andres Bernstein and Adam Davidson thank
you both thank you thanks Chris hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
