breaking news and this is exclusive on
the beat tonight the BuzzFeed dossier
stormy Daniels case just hit the Trump
White House I am holding a brand new
letter that was just sent to Ty Cobb
president Trump's lawyer asking him to
preserve documents relating to Michael
Cohen to the controversial Trump Russia
dossier and - Stephanie Clifford and
Karen McDougal I also just got off the
phone with White House lawyer Ty Cobb we
spoke about the letter and I have his
exclusive response which I'll share with
you in a moment here's the story this
request for stormy Daniels materials
actually part of the publication
BuzzFeed's defense against a libel suit
that was brought over the dossier by
Trump lawyer Michael Cohen here's what's
new BuzzFeed has sent this letter to Ty
Cobb the president's lawyer at the White
House they are asking president Trump
preserve any documents related to Cohen
and also any documents related to
Stephanie Clifford who is stormy Daniels
as well as Karen McDougal those are two
of the women alleged to have had affairs
with Donald Trump back in 2006 they're
also the subject of these alleged secret
payments now what this all means tonight
is that the fight Michael Cohen picked
with BuzzFeed over what he calls
defamation in the Russia dossier has
boomeranged and it just landed on his
boss's desk at the White House now what
will the Trump White House do I can also
tell you exclusively as part of this
story we're breaking right now I got off
the phone with Ty Cobb moments before
coming to the set he spoke to me and he
provided a response on the record he
said I believe this is the first time
I'm seeing this letter I'll review it
and make sure the White House does the
right thing I'm joined now for their
first television interview on this
particular subject Ben Smith is the
editor-in-chief of BuzzFeed news and
Kate Bolger the lawyer for BuzzFeed
thank you both for breaking this story
on the beat thanks for having us on are
good to see you good to see you too in
the reporting let me let me start
basically with the the legal question
what is the purpose of this letter and
what do you make of ty Cobbs new
response so that
kind of to back up Michael Cohen's
lawsuit is based on a part of the
dossier that says that he was sent by
the Trump campaign and the dossier
actually uses the words to clean up the
mess that the Trump campaign had made
and that is the type of allegation that
we're having examples of with the stormy
Daniels allegation and what we're
looking for is really to know what it
was mr. Cohen did for the Trump campaign
because it would help us in our defense
of the libel litigation and so Ben do
you stand by your publication of the
dossier that's what Michael Cohen
alleges is defamatory you know
absolutely and I think you know a year
we published it a bit more than a year
ago and when we did publish it you know
some people agreed with us some people
disagreed with the decision to publish
it we you know we published it because
it had been reviewed by two presidents
of the United States it was we thought
clearly a document and enormous public
interest I think a year later that is no
longer controversial a year ago
Democrats thought it was important
Republicans were kind of skeptical you
know the core of these dueling memos and
then the fight around Devon Nunez was
Republicans saying no the dossier was
incredibly important it was too
important it was used as this as the
underlying document in a FISA warrant
application and so I think you know the
only the only thing Republicans and
Democrats in that fight agree on at this
point is is how central the dossier was
and really how hard it would be to even
understand what's gone on over the last
year
if you hadn't read it and so Kate
looking at what you're asking for here
because this is breaking right now so I
want to be clear you've sent this demand
to the White House Ty Cobb says they'll
do the right thing I will add in my
reporting he declined to speak to
whether he had or thinks the White House
has the kind of materials you're seeking
but but let's go through it to get to
the bottom of it you want to know about
any documents relating to Cohen's
involvement with Trump's campaign for
president communications between Trump
and Cohen communications about Stephanie
Clifford or Karen McDougal and you
wanted you wanted you say everything
that they've given to Muller what is the
basis for that do you really think a
sitting president has to give you that
well I think one of the keys to the
reasons behind
initial decision to publish the dossier
I'm one of the keys to our legal defense
is that this document was actually being
investigated and being used by every
government every branch of the
government and for us from a legal point
point of view the more evidence we have
that that happened the better arguments
we have to make that this was either
privileged totally protected by the
First Amendment or a document that we
had every reason in the world to publish
so the kind of information we're asking
for with those particular requests are
to emphasize again that this was a
document that was being used by the
government to make decisions about
everybody's life and that's just the
kind of thing you should be publishing
as a news organization I think that
argument makes honestly a lot of legal
and journalistic sense let me push you
on what some could see as over-broad
can't you win your case
and essentially defeat Michel Cohen's
claims about defamation without getting
into stormy Daniels and Karen McDougal
sure but in it obviously in federal
discovery and in discovery and American
litigation you've an enormous Lee broad
scope in fact in defamation cases you
have an unusually broad scope because
you're talking about the reputation of a
single person right so sure if I could
get any one piece of evidence it might
be the piece that wins my case but I'm
certainly entitled to look around and to
that eye for information that I have a
reasonable basis to believe can lead to
information that helps me in my case and
all of these types of documents we think
really builds the story that Ben began
with which was that this was a document
that needed to be published because it
was part of central to a government
investigation and to be clear what mr.
Cobb told me is he do the right thing do
you read that as the White House will
then provide all of this or or not he
also mentioned to me that tonight was
the first time he'd seen your letter you
know I haven't I haven't actually this
the first time hearing about mr. Cobbs
response and mr. Cobb is a respected and
reasonable lawyer and I'm sure he'll
fulfill all of his FL ethical
obligations I'm not I'm not convinced
the White House is going to give me
anything without a fight and I'm well
ready to fight that fight but I'm sure
he's gonna do what what he can do it's
great the way you put it lawyers all
just getting along it's a we'll see if
that happens
that's just what it's like in court
every day alright well and and and
zeroing in though on it when you look at
this basically going from Michael Cohen
suing your client Ben and BuzzFeed been
sitting next to you and the large
organization of BuzzFeed and now it
hitting and what you say is a justified
way and what to be clear the white house
Ty Cobb denied not telling me is
unjustified they could have called it
frivolous it could have said something
else when you see all that happening do
you have a view does it look like
Michael Cohen's attack has backfired or
boomeranged on his boss I think it's a
hard fight to pick I think a defamation
lawsuit is a very complicated thing to
file and defend so I don't know that I'd
agree with the boomerang but I do think
defamation lawsuits are pretty hard to
bring for a plaintiff and particularly a
year after the dossier is published and
particularly given all we now know about
the way the dossier has been used yep so
turning from the law back to the
journalism bad near the editor-in-chief
there over time the view of the dossier
has certainly been that it's more
newsworthy I mean I don't see how anyone
in the world including people who hate
the dossier at this point would say not
newsworthy but what about the fact that
there are things in there that have not
been proven that have not been verified
you and I have discussed this on air
before I don't think your claim can be
everything in there is true so what
about people and critics who say you
still put something out and that has not
been fully verified I mean that's not
something critics says that's something
we said when we reported on the dossier
we wrote a story about this document
that had been briefed to two presidents
that was of enormous public interest we
also said that the that the facts hadn't
been independently verified and since
that before that and since then we've
done an enormous amount of reporting
around I think that's really the job of
journalists here is to report out
specific allegations we've certainly
reported on mr. Cohen who I think we
were the first to publish the inside of
his passport and I think you know there
are there are elements of the dossier so
that most most strikingly you know the
big pick the the big picture of a
Russian campaign to interfere in the
u.s. election that have certainly borne
out as well as specifics and there
others that reporters continue to chess
and so Kate walk us through what comes
next as I explained when we broke this
story here a few moments ago this is the
first time we've seen this kind of
request about Michael Cohen and these
women who he's alleged to have paid on
behalf of whom he won't exactly say the
first time this has hit the white house
hit Ty Cobb Ty Cobb telling us
exclusively on the beat tonight they'll
do the right thing so that's the big
news
what happens next given all that you
then try to get this material from him
what is the timeline for that well the
it's very early days in the Kohen
litigation although the dossier was
published a year ago as I said he didn't
sue until almost a full year till a full
year later so we actually just were
served with the complaint last week so
we are not the next step what isn't it
hasn't quite been plotted out for us yet
so I think I think there could be a
motion to dismiss I think there could we
could be entering discovery we there's
no there's no plot pants plotted out yet
that I'd be comfortable sharing and I
understand that from a litigation
strategy perspective I want to ask one
more question that is I admit
speculative but I'm gonna put it to you
here if you want to tackle it is it
possible that the way this thing is
playing out which looks like a nightmare
and a headache for Michael Cohen's
client Donald Trump is it possible that
all of this could lead to him wanting to
back off or potentially drop this suit
against BuzzFeed I have no idea well so
we'll see how it all plays out Ben
anything you want to add in closing no I
mean I think you know it's what we
aren't sure why mr. Cohen chose to file
this you know the president's personal
lawyer sued us here but we are very very
confident that we did the right thing
and publishing the dossier and we're you
know glad to have glad to be represented
by Good Counsel and you know honestly a
lot of it this is a very high profile
case high-profile people it's the
president's lawyer when you you know
when you write things people don't like
sometimes they sue you and we're very
prepared to defend ourselves in those
cases well it has been newsworthy since
the moment that obviously the dossier
was published which continued to lead to
a lot of other revelations and I gotta
say it seemed to me from my observation
mr. Cobb was also very interested in
this latest move in this case that you
guys have put forward so Kay Bulger and
Ben Smith thanks for coming on the beat
thank you very much I'm sorry
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching msn
on youtube if you want to keep up to
date with the videos we're putting out
you can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
