joining me now is congressman Steve
Stivers of Ohio he of course is the
chairman of the National Republican
Congressional Committee and leading the
party's efforts to keep the house
congressman Stivers good to see you sir
good afternoon Chuck by the way you're
my enemy you're Miami Hurricanes are
bust in my bracket yeah they yeah how do
you I think my bracket looks at this
point but yeah they busted my pretty
hard let me start with lessons learned
from Tuesday do you really take away
that O'Connor lamb I ran like a
Republican that's why there's nothing to
worry about or are people that are
saying that whistling past their own
political graveyard well Chuck I think
it's important that we take lessons away
from wins and losses this was our first
special election loss and we need to
take it very seriously the number one
lesson that I take is that our
candidates need to have the resources to
win and they need to define themselves
Chuck most people it's two days after
the election most people don't know that
our candidate rick Ciccone was an Air
Force veteran that he's one of the
nation's foremost experts on North Korea
yeah which is a huge national security
issue right now he's written books about
North Korea but people didn't know about
it he didn't define himself well enough
and that opened him up to some attacks
and made his voters less anxious to come
out and vote for him so we know how to
win we just need to make sure that we
execute on that and we that our
candidates have the resources to win
those are the most important takeaways
but the other takeaway there is a little
bit that is important to talk about
about this race where Connor lamb had no
primary so he could position himself
differently than a lot of Democrats who
have to run to the left in a primary I
would ask you about the president's
impact here because it was interesting
at a fundraiser last night the president
himself said this we had an interesting
time because we lifted ciccone seven
points that's a lot I was up 22 points
and we lifted seven and seven normally
would be enough but we'll see how it all
comes out it's like virtually at I call
rove writes in his Wall Street Journal
column this week Trump should avoid
rallies in the campaigns closing months
mr. Trump drowns out a candidate's
message and makes the news all of
whatever wild line he slings into the
ether and in that same column
mr. Rove claims that mr. Ciccone was lit
was winning going into the weekend and
he believes Trump's rally costs a coned
the race so tell us was Ciccone up
before the president came to visit or
not that's what mr. Rove claims
well our numbers were consistent with
the fact that
Ciccone was down about six points on
Friday and frankly the Monmouth poll
that came out had him down I think five
does seven points and so that's pretty
consistent and obviously he finished a
near tie two tenths of a point right now
behind we haven't counted all the votes
yet because they're Provisionals and a
few military ballots sure but you know
it it it
we essentially close to about six to
seven points in the in the final days
and clearly the president was there over
the weekend so you believe he helps that
point sounds consistent to me you
believe you believe he helped but do you
look at this race was it believed in the
closing week yes right but is this race
close because of him too could both
things be true that he helped make the
race closer and he helped Ciccone at the
end Chuck it's it's true that the
president motivates the Democratic base
but it's also true that he motivates the
Republican base so but it is true
absolutely that the race was about a
five to six to seven point race and with
the lam advantage and then Ciccone
closed in the closing days friday
saturday sunday monday tuesday at the
end of the calendar year in 2017
speaker Ryan and in Senate Republican
leader McConnell seemed to indicate that
there wasn't gonna be a big legislative
effort in 2018 I know there were some
hopes but that there wasn't in fact
Mitch McConnell made it clear at the
retreat they're not going to do a budget
do you risk having the Republican
majority go through calendar year 2018
and come October not being able to
answer the question of what did you do
in 2018
all right well I think we are going to
do things in 2018 we just did school
safety the other day there's a lot more
to do on school safety mental health I
think you'll see even some gun
legislation so I think there will be
things we'll do I think we'll do a lot
of things on jobs job training I think
we'll do an infrastructure bill they
might not be giant bills but they're
bills that make a difference and so I
think we'll serve our communities and
serve our country and solve the problems
of the American people and I don't know
that we're gonna do giant bills but
we're gonna solve problems Chuck and
that's what the American people want do
you is it fair to say that the tax cut
message didn't work in this district or
did you believe it wasn't executed
properly well chuck it was I think it
was a little early because frankly this
race started in October before tax
reform even passed and then most people
haven't even seen the tax cuts in their
paycheck that withholding tables just
changed especially if you work in a
small business you won't even see it
until April a lot of big businesses are
just now putting it in the checks so I
think it's just starting to work and I
believe tax reform will continue to get
more popular and Frank frankly the
economy will be booming by next November
by this November and I think that's the
real signal of whether tax reform worked
so I believe it's going to continue to
snowball and get more popular but it is
a little early to run on tax reform
Chuck
it just wasn't you just didn't think
that public wasn't ready to to to digest
the argument well the the benefits of
tax reform have not had a chance to run
through the economy or even in people's
individual paychecks yet and because of
the you know how unpopular it was when
it first passed and it's getting more
popular every day and that is you can
see that in all the polls Chuck yeah you
know people still don't believe it until
they see it and I told a lot of people
you know it's early to run on tax reform
because people aren't seeing it in their
check yet and we'll see I believe it's
going to get more popular and I think it
will be an important part of the great
American comeback that we're gonna be
selling in November of this year can you
get through the month of March without
another retirement or is Ryan Costello
somebody or your
he may not run again I think Ryan will
run I think you know we're already
through a bunch of filing deadlines I
don't think there'll be a lot of new
retirements there are a couple people
that you're always looking at until they
file but so far I feel like we're gonna
make it through March and you don't
think you're gonna get inside it you're
not gonna be blindsided by one based on
this result well I've been blindsided
before Chuck so I know that sorry I'll
not get blindsided but it occasionally
happens there's a bunch of people who
didn't call me and I read it in the
paper well fair enough
comforting Steve Stivers thanks for
coming on sharing your views and
apologies for busting your bracket but I
guarantee you didn't have Miami going
it's all good
I had him going to the 8th I'm winning a
game but it would have been nice if they
wanted yeah fair enough thank you sir
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
