today's trying to refute the New York
Times investigative report what a report
on this look at it there on the source
of Trump's wealth this story which took
about staggering eight pages in today's
newspaper took over a year of research
to get it done
Trump today attacked the report of
course and the times on Twitter calling
it a hit piece but according to The
Times the reporting makes clear that in
every era of mr. Trump's life his
finances were deeply intertwined with
and dependent on dad's money by their
accounts Trump received the equivalent
of up to four hundred thirteen million
dollars from his father's real estate
empire that's four hundred million over
his lifetime Trump's long reliance on
his family's fortune raises new
questions about the image he has
cultivated of himself that of a
successful real estate developer who
made billions from a loan of only a
million dollars here he goes
they borrowed very little money from my
father my father gave me a small loan of
a million dollars my father gave me a
very small loan in 1975 I built a
company that's worth more than ten
billion dollars okay with a million
dollar loan
thanks for the 9 million dollar loan The
Times reports a Fred Trump actually lent
him at least sixty million dollars or
140 million dollars in today's dollars
well the lead editor on today's Times
puts it more bluntly calling Trump's
origin story a sham saying it's a
version of reality so elaborately
embellished that it qualifies his fan
fiction more than biography yet we've
seen that Trump goes to great lengths to
maintain the illusion of self-made
billionaire here's what Trump said about
those who questioned the value of his
assets in 1995 the only critics that
would say that are losers and people
that know better or they don't know it
all or they're jealous or they have
problems and here's how Trump reacted in
2016 when Marco Rubio challenged him on
the source of his money this is what
we're gonna have the guy that hired a
two hundred million dollars if he had
inherited two hundred million dollars
you know we're done right now
we'll work on that I took 1 million
dollars and I turned it into ok 1
million dollars I borrowed one and
release a little turn so we can see -
dollars it's like Groundhog Day here we
have Marco Rubio I got blown away in
that race saying I just want to see his
tax returns we still haven't seen him
turn right now is David corn why some
purity for Mother Jones and Gwenda Blair
is author of Trump's three generations
of builders in a present plenty you
started and what do you make of this
story they just blew away the front page
of The Times today they mounted the tale
the amount of documentation of paperwork
of financial records astounding and it
points out that the president really
didn't do what he claimed it did which
is make himself into a tycoon he didn't
do it no he didn't
it's the scale of it was stunning the
the model the mo the way of doing it not
so much his father perfected that idea
of figuring out the way around every
rule every law every regulation and
figuring out how to find the tiny little
corner that you could he could squeak
around he did that in his own career and
that he then would turn to making his
son into doing that for his son and the
rest of his children not a surprise you
know we hear the term I was born on
third base and claiming at a homer but
this guy looks like he was born sliding
into home I mean I mean how do you not
make it when Daddy gives you four
hundred big ones for an a million it's
not that long away don't go in yeah well
a silver spoon no it was like a platinum
spoon encrusted with diamonds amazing
just amazing why do you think the last
question you've been on this round why
do you think he he had to create if
you're really rich and you got all this
money and you're swagging around New
York sitting you're a big shot why do
you have to brag that you did it all
yourself
I think there's well a couple of reasons
a psychologist field day obviously one
of them is usually super-rich
billionaires
are not exactly the kind of middle
American Joe Sixpack target he was
looking for they don't they're not
necessarily looking friendly towards
that plutocrat so he had to put himself
on the side of that target voter that
you know that person who was before so
we had to get away before he was doing
as well before he ran for office he was
out there sewn himself in the comic book
Spacely is a comic-book comic strip hero
downtown developer with a big trench
coat on I made this city he'd seen the
one vendor let me go to David on this
but the politics of this thing he had
this print this this premise a long time
ago I did it myself
yeah I think you know psychologists to
get to that there are two really
profound elements to this story of which
I am highly jealous the work is just
phenomenal and I tip my hat to had one
of the New York Times involved in this
but one element you went through the
self-made man myth utterly destroyed by
this he got over 400 million dollars
from his dad's empire and 60 million
dollars alone many of which he didn't
much which he didn't pay back the other
part of the story which is maybe even
more troubling is that his family
including Donald Trump used what seemed
to be criminal methods to get you know
get money into their own pocket well
this is what they set up one company
that would buy boilers I don't know say
four five thousand dollars and this was
a company that was owned by the children
now Fred Trump yeah but his company
would pay for we get $5,000 boilers but
this company which bought the boilers
for Trump would then charge Fred Trump's
company say ten thousand dollars this is
a typical padding it's what the mob does
what every crook does and that way you
get five thousand dollars into the
company and it's in there clean it's not
a gift it gets around the tax laws food
for gifts and then this over the years I
think millions of dollars flowed in
through this legal mechanism that Trump
was a party to so not just that he's
like he got money from his daddy he hid
that he used illegal and what the cop
times calls fraudulent mean the IRS
along with all this well they are it's
very interesting because the IRS did
look at certain element
this along the way and they would find
that like one instance Trump your family
valued their property it's a like five
million that was very worth eighty
million and they are so we come and go
we think it's you know you got to add
two million to that it was so outrageous
the RS could not keep up with this fro
how do we believe anything he says about
macroeconomic dollars in terms of the
federal government with the federal
government spending and bring in anyway
Trump is long maintained that he won't
releases any of his tax returns because
he says they're under audit here he goes
what's this son I will absolutely give
my return but I'm being audited now for
two or three years so I can't do it
until the audit is finished
obviously that's under order I'll
release them when the audit is completed
my tax returns are very simple they're
under a minor audit routine ordered as
they have been for many years every year
I get ordered it at the appropriate time
I will release them
but right now I'm under routine on and
nobody cares you know the only one that
cares about my tax returns of the report
our second one I mean I became president
no I don't think they care at all here's
what Sarah Stanner said today when asked
about that audit I know that a number of
his taxes are still so she'll get back
to us Guinta I don't think so I'm not
sure we're ever gonna hear about these
tax returns I don't think so I the only
thing that surprised me about his run
and really after writing about him for
so long that he actually went up and did
it was that I knew he would never
release his tax returns so I thought he
wouldn't run for president I didn't
realize that he would be able to deflect
attention from that and that the public
enough of the public would somehow not
find that a you know deal-breaker and
they didn't you know that's very well
said because I do remember all these
years we said a lot of us the journalism
world said he never going to take his
clothes off but I get financially he's
never gonna let us look at what's going
on behind the scene he's the man behind
the curtain
he's never going to get
bow from behind that you're right he
found a way finestatt he never told us
anything still got a like the Electoral
College thank you david korn Thank You
Gwen to Blair hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
