joining me now is Stephen Hadley he's a
former national security adviser for
president george w bush mr. Hadley
welcome back to the show sir nice to be
here let me start with sanctions I think
I saw both senators Graham and McCain
all put out statements basically saying
about time this is what needs to be done
in your opinion tough enough about time
needs to be done probably coming late as
you pointed out earlier in the show
following on the heels of Muller
I suspect Muller will give them more
opportunity to sanction some folks as
well and they ought to do that but in
addition to this issue about sanctioning
Russia we need to be paying as much
attention to hardening our electoral
infrastructure which is after all
critical infrastructure so whether it's
Russia China Iran North Korea nobody can
do this again beginning in the November
2018 election so yes we've got a
crackdown on Russia we got to make it
clear that this can't be done but we got
a hardened arm you know we're on notice
and if this happens again you know the
blame is on us right no this is I think
that's a very very first day but let me
ask you this does Putin see today's
action as a gut punch or a slap on the
wrist you know I think he's pretty much
absorbed this notion that we're going to
be doing these sanctions I think that's
the right thing to do but quite frankly
there have been sanctions in the past
this is not the first set of sanctions
imposed because of his meddling in the
election and quite frankly it doesn't
seem to have deterred in much and that's
of course one of the reasons why we've
got it now take matters into our whole
our own hands and prevent that's what I
hear you there but I want to go to
something garry kasparov obviously the
the longtime chess master former
well-known Putin critic ran against him
right for president he said the response
and he was referring specifically to
what the UK's out sting of the 23
Russian spies back to Moscow for the
poisoning there on British soil and then
of course the United States France
Germany all signed on backing up what
the UK did but Kasparov is arguing yes
these are these are the correct measures
and these are this is an appropriate
response but he was arguing for a
disproportion
response his argument is Putin doesn't
Putin can absorb a gin using your words
the proportionate responses he needs to
be punched in the nose essentially is
Kasparov right well it depends I mean
it's it's great rhetoric and you you you
I think we could all agree with the
spirit of it the question is so what
does that look like well just a bunch of
that what I'm asking you looks like
that's why you're here well you know one
of the things it is there are other you
know one things that Rutten we boutta
know we know does not like is the
Magnitsky act here and that is something
that european capitals could be doing in
their own capitals in terms of
legislative basis for this kind of thing
that's certainly one of the things that
we can do second of all I think we need
to look at those Russians who are in the
United States and we need to monitor
this situation so Russian agents can't
get into this country can't get into
into the UK and do this kind of stuff
that's a second projector the question
is thirdly we heard a very hawkish
speech from Russia from Putin touting
his offensive nuclear weapons I think
there has to be a response to that the
Nuclear Posture review is part of that
our own offensive systems we need to do
more on ballistic missile defense we
need to think about how we're going to
deter Putin from ever thinking of using
those systems so you know there is a
this is one issue but there's a much
broader question of the need to have a
much broader strategy for dealing with
that with Putin and what he's doing does
it matter to Putin that the President
himself has never put himself out front
and criticizing Russia you know people
will say that I think the president is
gradually moving a little too slow I
think but the president is moving he's
now said it's pretty clear that the
Russians were behind the intervention of
the election he's called for hardening
our system he's now agreed that the
Russians were behind the poisoning in
London you know he's clearly trying to
keep open the option for a personal
relationship but Boonton in the event
there's an opportunity to improve that
relationship but that's not going to
come
until we get this intervention in the
election through our political system
and I don't think it's going to come
until we do something about getting
Ukraine back in control of the done boss
that area that is Russian backed
insurgents have taken control of I gotta
ask you as a former national security
adviser a president getting caught on
tape admitting that he basically tried
to pull one over on an ally how does
that sit with world leaders can the
president's word be taken well you know
this is a different kind of leader than
we've had for a long time and he says a
lot of things on a lot of different
subjects and some of them turn out to be
right and some of them turn out to be
wrong as I read the the press reports of
that he basically said he didn't know
for sure whether there was a deficit but
he assumed there was a deficit because
we have a depth because there's the
deficit between the United States those
countries yeah and then he when he was
challenged on it he asked folks to go
and and look up the facts and he was
reassured that there was a definite but
again probably talking about goods not
services which is the distinction you
drew up before look I think world
leaders now know this this man they know
how he operates I don't think they'll
overreact too much to it probably
overreact to it less than than we have
here they'll adjust is what you're so
adjust we're still the United States
Stephen Hadley as always sir thank you
for coming on sharing the views much
appreciated delighted to be here hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
