welcome back to Velshi enroll president
Trump has appointed conservative
economist Larry Kudlow to replace Gary
Coon the outgoing director of the
National Economic Council so let's take
a look at who mr. Kudlow is and where he
stands on the issues must much like
President Trump himself Kudlow is
probably best known for appearing on
television he is a longtime CNBC
contributor who hosted several shows
over the years he also hosts a radio
show and writes for the National Review
Kudlow supported Trump during the 2016
election and he has acted as something
of an informal advisor to the then
candidate in terms of policy Kudlow is a
traditional fiscal conservative he
believes in low taxes and less
regulation that probably stems from his
time in the Reagan administration
the father of American supply-side
economics Kudlow worked in the Office of
Management and Budget during Reagan's
first term following his time a
government Kudlow returned to the
private sector he worked as a senior
managing director at the now-defunct
Bear Stearns until the mid 90s
interestingly as recently as this month
Kudlow vocally disagreed with the
president's policies he co-wrote an
op-ed just a few weeks ago criticizing
Trump's tariff proposal calling them a
tax hike although he has since walked
some of those comments back supporting
the tariffs as part of a plan to be
tough on China take a look if it comes
to it I am going to strongly favor
targeted tariffs and tax increases on
China until they succumb to the table
sincerely and play ball with us great
you want to have targeted tariffs see
what we're doing it's absolutely not
what we're doing then go after
intellectual property go after we're
trying to spend there any artificial
intelligence Gries that that's actually
a thing right there are things that
China does that are not fair trade
practices they're not the things that
Donald from identified during the
campaign but sure targeted is the point
you generally if you're if you're Larry
Kudlow you see the world as one in which
there should be very few trade barriers
generally and when people are doing
things that are decidedly unfair you
target them to change that Larry Kudlow
however is someone who believes that if
the stock market rises the economy
we'll go with it if you think about how
the Trump voter was born part of it was
post financial crisis when you saw
places like New York and San Francisco
rise people who owned assets had
extraordinary recoveries but people in
the middle didn't the president wages
didn't go up even though the stock
market has been going up for nine years
and Larry Kudlow talks openly about you
know teachers out there firemen if
you've got a pension your pension is
invested in the market the market goes
up it's your only shot it's your best
shot of collecting that pension well
guess what many people hourly wage
workers they don't have pensions right
and and Larry Kudlow has never met a tax
hike he didn't tech tax reduction he
didn't like a tax cut but again our
studies have indicated from recent
studies in the United Kingdom two
studies more distant in the United
States that there is no direct
relationship between cutting corporate
tax rates and increasing wages despite
the fact that President Trump will
continue to talk about the bonuses that
have been given out since the tax cuts
bonuses are not base wage hikes and and
again it's not it's not as widespread as
the president would like it to be and
you could say all day long you like the
tax cuts but remember the money has to
come from somewhere and the deficit
matters and what is it doing
but Kudlow says it's not gonna go up
it's gonna go up
but Cutler says is not going to he's
made that argument with the president
that the president uses that economic
growth will go up and we will grow
ourselves out of the deficit the
challenge for Larry Kudlow because in
the position that he's in now he has to
stand there and represent real data
right but the fear is he may stand there
and represent the president in the face
of real data
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
