there is the prospect of massive
turnover at the White House in the
coming weeks can we see more what's to
turn over anonymous White House sources
described to Fox News as a quote
bloodbath that could begin as early as
today again wait who's left among the
first expected to go
National Security Adviser HR McMaster
that's according to multiple reports and
and we also of course had Nicole Wallace
saying that a couple weeks
that's right first name by NBC NBC News
unnamed sources tell Vanity Fair that
Trump is furious that McMaster was
speaking privately with Barack Obama's
former national security adviser Susan
Rice no why would you be furious about
that you actually want I know that when
the president spoke with Barack Obama he
actually enjoyed the conversation very
much insightful and helpful and he said
he liked the guy ohoo have held the
position you're in no weird even if you
disagree with Susan Rice you want two
very odd to get fired for actually doing
your job the right way well you know I
White House one of the complaints that
we heard meek and I heard in the foreign
policy community about Rex Tillerson was
that he rarely called former secretaries
of state he rarely tried to get input on
how to make the State Department run
more efficiently and so hearing angry
that he's actually doing his job
the sources said that the President had
shared his frustration with McMaster to
former UN Ambassador John Bolton seen as
the likely replacement according to Fox
the Veterans Affairs Secretary David
Chilton is reportedly on the chopping
block as well though Energy Secretary
Rick Perry denied an Associated Press
report that he is in discussions to
replace him let's let my let us all just
say that wherever Rick Perry's going
yeah we're falling
right while Fox also reports that John
Kelly could soon be living leaving his
post as chief of staff as for attorney
general Jeff Sessions to Republicans in
regular contact with the White House
tell Vanity Fair that there are talks of
putting EPA Administrator Scott Pruett
so in his position would so oh good god
well also been any fair reports the
president is adamant about getting Jared
Kushner and Ivanka Trump out of there
and back to New York afraid of the
president saying quote he thinks they've
been getting hit too hard Bob Kosta you
know it's interesting over the past
several days people have been making
these reports this is who the next CIA
director is going to be this is who the
next Secretary of State is going to be
this is who the next Attorney General is
going to be and and so many of these
reports forget the fact that they have
to get 50 votes in the United States
Senate and John McCain's not going to be
there so suddenly if they lose Rand Paul
as they have Rand Paul claims on state
and the CIA suddenly you're looking at a
real uphill fight an important point Joe
as we hear all these stories coming out
of the West Wing
I've been calling people on Capitol Hill
saying what's the actual outlook for a
confirmation and they say that Senate
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell knowing
that he only has a two seat majority in
the Senate just months ahead of the
midterm elections he's telling people he
is not eager to have some kind of major
confirmation battle for a controversial
nominee aligned with President Trump at
this moment yet the president it is true
based on my reporting that he is
agitating to make all these changes yet
congressional Republicans are saying
take a pause maybe if you make a move on
something like Larry Kudlow that doesn't
need Senate confirmation or national
security advisor doesn't need Senate
confirmation and that's different than
making a move on the cabinet well and
also Heidi hell freezes over before
Scott Pruett with his the problems that
hit with his short tenure at the EPA
hell freezes over before the Senate
allows him to become Attorney General so
he can fire Bob Muller and begin a
constitutional crisis that will quickly
end the trump presidency yes that I just
said that firing Bob Muller will launch
a constitutional crisis that will
expedite the ending of the Trump
presidency of all of the potential exits
that have just been mentioned there Jeff
Sessions is the most problematic because
it would raise immediate alarm bells
with what's going on with the
investigation if you see a thread here
in the replacements and the ouster z--
that are taking place it is Trump
basically throwing aside advice from
John Kelly throwing aside the restraints
that have been put on him and putting
into place people that he feels for one
reason or another are loyalists and
certainly if Pruett were to be put into
place or if he were to propose poorly
put into that position there would be
hair on fire on Capitol Hill there there
would be very very contentious
confirmation hearings so I think just
the the firing of sessions period would
create a firestorm
but let alone having Scott Pruett be
nominated to put in that position
so sessions firing is the most
problematic Steve but let me ask you
just generally I saw a lot of headlines
yesterday and a lot of lower thirds on
cable news channels saying Donald Trump
angry and moving to get loyalists in
place in the cabinet and I was just
seeing looking at that well I mean again
other than Jeff Sessions because justice
is a unique problem in and of itself
what's wrong with the president getting
cabinet members who agree with him and
will do what
he wants him to execute I mean that is
after all he was elected president of
United States and if he makes a lot of
bad choices the bloodbath will not be
the firing of these staff members of
bloodbath will come at the polls in
November look you can you can certainly
surround yourself and should with people
that you're compatible with that you get
along with that you have a good exchange
of views but I know president in his
right mind wants to surround himself
with yes men or yes women you want to
have people who are going to push back
and have their own points of view I
would I would suggest Barack Obama had a
lot of yes men around him a lot of push
had a lot of yes men around him he went
into a rock and he refused to even ask :
powell whether he should go into a rock
or not because he said he knew that
powell was against it yeah but in the
look in the Bush administration there
were furious arguments about what to do
about a whole range of issues they had
they had lively debates they had the
whole Dick Cheney hard-line wing they
had a softer wing on the other side and
I'll tell you a story that I heard which
was Obama as you mentioned earlier had
one meeting with Trump and apparently at
that meeting Trump said to Obama you
were so lucky to have Eric Holder
protecting you and when he was your
attorney general he just had to get it
and yeah and Barack Obama said Eric
Holder wasn't there to protect me he was
there rather just protect the American
people I had my own lawyer in the White
House to protect me so Trump has a whole
different view from his private sector
life of how the government works I would
just argue this is a little different I
mean he wants yes men around him who
won't stand up to racism who won't stand
up to lies I think this is a whole new
ballgame well again it's disturbing of
course it's disturbing me I'm just I'm
just there's no parallel there's no
parallel I know I was talking generally
about yes men in the White House there
is a long rich history of having yes man
in the White House and Jonathan it's not
like they aren't having again I'm not of
course I've never sat here defending
Donald Trump as president the United
States but they have some pretty heated
fights they have had heated fights in
the White House up to this point every
not sure I mean part that's part of his
managerial style is he brings in two
aides with very different views it has
fight out in front of them on tariffs is
a great example where he had Peter
Navarro and Gary Cohn go back and forth
and Trump had is our personal instinct
where he wanted to land on that issue
but he still wanted to see to see that
exchange but we are seeing a moment of
where we expect a lot of change
Tillerson has said it's sort of the
probably the first shoe to drop just in
the next week or two Wow
whether it be McMaster you know there's
a great insecurity in the cabinet there
shell getting the Veteran Affairs
whether it be Ben Carson who's under
scrutiny he's thinking right you go down
the list and there are a number of
people whose grasps on their jobs right
now pretty tenuous yeah I will say with
Barack Obama I think on foreign policy
actually don't know that it was so much
Yes Men by the end is the fact that he
just cut everybody out that was the
complaint from the foreign policy
community that it was Barack Obama and
two people making all decisions on
foreign policy and everybody else was
cut out Robert Costa thank you very much
for being honest all morning still ahead
on Morning Joe nikki Haley leaves no
daylight between the u.s. and the UK
when it comes to British claims that
Russia poisoned a former spy we'll show
you what she had to say at the UN and as
we go to break thousands of students
from across the country marched out of
their schools yesterday to mark exactly
a one month since the deadly shooting in
parkland Florida here's what some of
them had to say
this is so much more important to me
than any sort of school discipline this
meant so much to me
why why is it so important because these
are lives at stake this is this is too
important not to be a part of you're
asking for Less prayers fewer prayers
fewer words and more action that's what
we're asking for them what's going on in
schools is not okay there needs to be
changed I shouldn't be afraid to walk
into school here's my peers shouldn't be
afraid to walk into school and little
kids shouldn't be afraid either school
should be a safe place rather than the
war zone
we're tired of sitting in class worrying
about is it gonna be me is it gonna be
my little sister
we will not ignore the fact that gun
violence is a public health crisis and
as it is the leading cause of premature
death in the United States we won't
tolerate being scared to come into
school we won't tolerate having to stay
out of school because we're scared it
has to change we can't be hunted thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
