don't talk too much speaking to campaign
donors president Trump is claiming the
Democrat who flipped a Republican seat
in western Pennsylvania as one of his
own in a leaked recording from a GOP
fundraising dinner in Missouri first
reported by the Atlantic and confirmed
by NBC News Trump claimed Connor lambs
supported his agenda here's part of the
audio provided by a Republican donor by
the way a lot of people on on TV and
conservative radio yesterday
we're claiming that Connor Lam was a
conservative who just basically followed
in Trump's direction it's actually this
is gonna shock you but like the Seth
Ridge story and some of the others
that's just not true well it lam called
the Republican tax bill a giveaway to
the top one percent supported expanded
background checks supports Roe versus
Wade and criticized attempts to repeal
Obamacare Lam's opponents spared no
expense in reminding voters where he
stood Republicans and conservative
groups spent thirteen point three
million on Tuesday's special election
outside groups behind the Republican
candidate vastly out spending the ones
that backed Lam with ads that depicted
Lam as a liberal and one of Nancy Pelosi
sheet but now that he has apparently won
the race Republican House like it was
sitting there putting this commercial
together going you know what that's
gonna get people in
Pennsylvania voting yeah it's really
cool first of all it's treating people
in Pennsylvania like they I mean what
what are you telling people I just
remind people yesterday on this show
yeah our show Connor limb called for
Nancy Pelosi to step aside right in
Washington yeah
and so again it's crazy they go from
saying that he's a tool a liberal tool
of Nancy Pelosi to saying that he's a
Republican and why doesn't he just
switch to the Republican Party the day
after he wins it's ridiculous and said
they were with him the whole way mr.
lamb was brilliant I ran as a Republican
so it worked for me he certainly didn't
run as a Democrat finally Imran is a guy
who would line himself up with President
Trump the lesson was run away from Nancy
Pelosi and run with Donald Trump at the
end of the day he ran as a Republican
Connor Lam ran as a Republican he was a
Republican and named us you had a
Republican and name versus a Republican
and truth both of these candidates the
Republican the Democrat rayna's
conservatives rain has pro-gun pro-life
anti-nazi Pelosi conservatives and I
think that's that's the takeaway we see
here if it is truly a wake up call as we
understand you prove your members this
morning isn't it also a wake-up call for
the role the president should play for
your opinion in the upcoming midterm
look I think the president have closed
this race I think you saw the public
polling the public polling wasn't
looking so good and the president came
in and helped close this race and got it
to where it is right now which is you
know within a few hundred votes
so Jonathan unless I don't really am I'm
not keeping up with what Paul Ryan and
all those Republican House members and
everybody else that was talking there
they unless I'm not keeping up with
where they are ideologically I mean if
they ran as if Connor lamb now shares
their views and Donald Trump's views
then they now are pro-choice they now
support roe v wade Paul Ryan and all
those Republicans are now against a
20-week ban on abortion Paul Ryan and
all those
publicans and Donald Trump are against
the Trump tax cuts and Paul Ryan and all
those Republicans and laura ingraham I
saw her yesterday saying the same thing
and Donald Trump all believed that the
tax cuts are giveaways for the rich Paul
Ryan and Laura Ingraham and Donald Trump
and all those Republicans now actually
support Obamacare and are against the
giveaways to Obamacare I mean I could go
on if you're also Paul Ryan and Donald
Trump and all those other Republicans
now actually support the afl-cio spins
on unions and trade it seems like
they're throwing away generations of
Republican orthodoxy this is truly a
change election this one special
intensity and it just took 24 hours of
Republicans now they could be lying
through their teeth and if they're lying
through their teeth then they aren't
pro-choice and they aren't against the
20-week abortion ban and they aren't for
Obamacare and they aren't against the
tax cuts but I mean they're either lying
through their teeth or they have changed
all their positions in 24 hours they
certainly were very well rehearsed on
that spin that you just played in that
video clip I mean there's no question
this this is this is a loss of the
Republicans they can put their brave
face out yesterday and they'll spin that
we heard their frankly is almost as
laughable as the one that we're hearing
from the White House where they White
House spokesman said yesterday and then
the president kind of hinted that the
fund audio we've heard from that
fundraiser the saying that like that
that the Republican candidate in
Pennsylvania was down five or more
points before Trump showed up for that
rally Saturday night and brought it into
a virtual dead heat and suggesting that
that is for a while a moral victory
but of course moral victories does not
change the fact that that seat is now in
democratic control and there are real
questions about what president Trump's
coattails what his impact will be in you
know as we head toward the midterms
let's remember this is a district that
he won by more than 20 points right in
and you know my wife's family is out
from Westmoreland County that part of
Pennsylvania that is Trump country oh my
god and the fact that there is now a
loss here even a narrow one is is
worrisome to the white house despite
what they're saying how silly to spend
hello Heidi obviously Republicans had
their talking point yesterday we just
laid it out and they all said almost
exactly the same thing we heard the
talking point even two nights ago before
the election returns were in that
president Trump who was the one who
closed the gap despite the fact that it
had been tightened perhaps because of
what he done in office for 14 months the
fact of the matter I think even for all
those outward talking points people I
talked to yesterday there's panic in the
Republican Party over what happened in
Pennsylvania and what might happen this
fall and that's why you see them
spinning this as to try and stop some of
these Republicans from in other races
saying hey maybe it's time to head for
the exits we've already got a record
number of retirements guys I looked into
this the most in about 90 years in the
Republican Party before a midterm
election and here we are we've got
several Republicans now who thought they
were in safe seats who liked Murphy the
guy who occupied the seat before him
didn't even have a democratic challenger
now looking around about a month ago I
met with some representatives from Mike
Pence's PAC and they were already
starting to devise a strategy to calm
some of the concerns among these
Republicans who frankly never faced a
competitive election about how to handle
this environment because the fact the
matter is we're looking at these numbers
you know about 11 million ten million
dollars sunk in by these outside groups
there is just not the budget for them to
go into all of these races that are in
the past not even considered competitive
in again Joe this isn't even one of the
districts that Republicans were the most
worried about heading into the fall it
wasn't even in the top 100 and they
shouldn't spin it look obviously like
they're all lying it's silly and and
think about the impact there
or a hundred and eighteen seats that a
Republican held that are less friendly
to Republicans than Pennsylvania 1818
seats with no incumbents expect that
bottom number is Heidi said to continue
to rise because that's actually what
happened in 1994 it's what happened in
2006 when incumbents that have been
around a while see the wave coming they
get out of the way and and yesterday boy
I gotta tell you this is and you're
exactly right Jonathan a this is the
worst case an area for Republicans
you've got a district that's been just
as red and rock-ribbed conservative as
could be since 2000 along with the the
Union households the the old post
industrial areas
I mean mica this this is this sort of
district that was made for Donald Trump
in this reality that is happening to the
Republican Party right now and this
response to this election Republican
parties can become the party of
dishonesty and it already is but they're
going into the midterms and they're
going to be the party that lies well
because they're not they're behind this
president who lies and they can't even
take a loss and look at it realistically
and perhaps productively rebuild but I
would hope though because you know
Jonathan Martin was tweeting this out
and a lot of other people were tweeting
this out Heidi I'm sure you'll tell me
I'm wrong
but boy I would really hope that some
Republicans at least would look at the
results from Pennsylvania 18 look at the
results from Alabama look at the results
from Virginia and say you know what
we're conservative and we'll support
Donald Trump when he is conservative but
we're gonna speak out and we're gonna go
after him when he says things that are
disrespectful
to Americans I
we're in March there are a lot of
Republicans that could still save
themselves and I am hopeful that they'll
start telling the truth and stop
repeating the lies that Donald Trump is
spinning out of the White House I don't
know that it's it's it may be too late
for that job there's been so many
incidences if you remember I take you
back to Charlotte
and that was really considered a crucial
moment for choosing in the Republican
Party and you had so many who chose to
say nothing because what happened was
they made a bargain
they made a bargain that they needed to
get this tax cut bill done that this was
the end all and be all to save this
party in the midterm elections and now
as you're seeing with this Pennsylvania
race as the first test case they
themselves acknowledge by pulling back
in the advertising that it was not going
to save them that this was not a winning
message with those middle-class voters
so yes you may see some Republicans
continue to be critical and maybe amp up
their criticism folks like Ben Sasse but
I don't know how many new defectors
you're going to see because they they
mate they cut that deal a while ago
right one thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
