we're gonna start tonight though as it
is our want to do cuz I'm a weirdo we're
gonna start with Cuban Missile Crisis
Cuban Missile Crisis was 1962 it took
place over over 13 very very stressful
days in October 1962 the United States
at that point had had long been flying
high altitude surveillance flights over
the nation of Cuba but on October 14th
1962 a u2 surveillance flight picked up
imagery in Cuba of something that
started that whole crisis started that
whole standoff it's interesting the
Cuban Missile Crisis is very precisely
identified in all the history books as
having started on October 16th
two days after that you to spy plane
captured those images in Cuba but the
crisis didn't start on October 16th
because something happened that day
because there was some overt act by Cuba
there was some provocation there are
some announcement by them it didn't
start because on October 16th there was
some act by the Soviet Union or some
announcement by the Soviets that kicked
off this crisis the reason we can be so
specific about when the Cuban Missile
Crisis started on October 16th is
because that crisis began when the
United States had a revelation the
United States realized and figured out
with high confidence exactly what it was
looking at in those photos that had been
taken two days earlier the way the
United States was able to identify
exactly what they were looking at in
those photos the way the Kennedy
administration was able to look at those
photos and come to the conclusion that
in fact this was a new secret deployment
of nuclear weapons by the Soviet Union
they could get specific about what kinds
of missiles and missile launchers and
equipment they were looking at the
reason the Cuban Missile Crisis started
was because the US was able to make that
in debt identification and the reason
they were able to make that
identification is because of this man
his name is Oleg Penkovsky Oleg
Penkovsky was a Russian double agent he
was a colonel in the GRU and Soviet
military intelligence and unbeknownst to
the Soviet
in he was secretly spying for Britain
and the United States and he provided
the technical materials and descriptions
that allow the Kennedy administration in
1962 to confirm in fact that the Soviet
Union was secretly moving nuclear
missiles to Cuba and and we can be we
can now be even more specific about the
value of that information that he
provided at the CIA's website still now
if you go there now you can see they
have a whole section devoted to Oleg
Penkovsky and explaining what
information he provided he provided
detailed plans and descriptions of the
launch sites in Cuba to which the Soviet
Union had deployed these missiles
starting that summer in 1962 penkovsky's
information gave the Kennedy
administration such specific technical
insight into what they were looking at
in the surveillance photos that
President Kennedy was able to conclude
in October at 62 that he had exactly a
three-day window he had a 72 hour window
for negotiating a diplomatic solution to
this crisis with Khrushchev before those
Soviet missiles would be fully
functional and ready to launch three day
window they knew about it because they
knew what they were looking at because
Oleg Penkovsky showed them what they
were looking at according to the CIA
quote for this reason Oleg Penkovsky is
credited with altering the course of the
Cold War
so that you to spy plane the American
spy plane takes the pictures October 14
1962 the u.s. is able to analyze the
photos and have this important
revelation about what they were looking
at based on penkovsky's information
they're able to come to that revelation
on October 16th that is the start of the
crisis but then less than a week after
that while the crisis is in full flower
while it is at its most terrifying and
not at all resolved and it seems like we
might be about to have a nuclear war
over this issue on October 22nd in the
middle of the crisis Oleg Penkovsky was
walking down the street in Moscow and
the KGB snatched him off the street they
arrested him they figured out that he
was a double agent and we apparently
still don't really know how they go
whether the Soviets were able to somehow
reverse engineer what the US had figured
out about these missile sites and so
maybe that's how they were able to
figure out who might have given the u.s.
that information or maybe a British or
American double agent who was secretly
working for the Russians knew about
Penkovsky being this important asset for
the Western Allies and maybe some
American or British double agent gave
this guy's name to the Kremlin we don't
know but in the middle of the crisis
before there was any diplomatic
resolution in reach at a time when the
whole world thought the US and Russia
might be about to start shooting nuclear
missiles at each other
Oleg Penkovsky gets snatched off the
street in Moscow he was the
highest-ranking Soviet officer to have
ever spied for the US or Great Britain
up until that time and the KGB snatched
him off the street they charged him with
high treason and espionage he was
convicted and in the spring of 1963 they
killed him they executed him inside the
Lubyanka prison in Moscow they dumped
his ashes in a mass grave even today in
2018 the CIA calls Oleg Penkovsky quote
one of the most valuable assets in CIA
history of course one man stealing is
another man's floor and this agent this
asset who was so valuable to the
American side from the other side of the
equation from the Soviet perspective he
was seen as one of the most damaging
traders to ever hurt the Soviet Union
fast forward 40 years to 2004 December
2004 and the successor agency to the KGB
arrests another turncoat double agent
colonel from the GRU another double
agent secretly spying for the West while
serving in Russian military intelligence
it's 2004 they snatched him off the
street December 2004 on suspicion of
treason they put him on trial secretly
in a military court nobody knew what had
become of him for two solid years before
finally in 2006 the Russian government
announced that in this secret military
tribunal he had been can
victim Theresa quote he convicted he
consent excuse me he confessed to
selling the names addresses and code
names of several dozen Russian agents to
the British security service to mi6 many
of the Russian agency betrayed were were
Deep Cover spies in Britain and in
Europe commerce on newspaper and Russia
reported at the time that his conviction
was announced they reported at the time
that his conviction was announced in
2006 quote the FSB considered that
damage he had done to Russian spying
operations was comparable to the damage
caused by Oleg Penkovsky by Oleg
Penkovsky that other GRU colonel from 40
years earlier who had tipped off the
United States to start the Cuban Missile
Crisis this guy that they picked up 40
years later in 2004 was considered by
the KGB in the FSB to have done
comparable damage to this guy from the
Cuban Missile Crisis all right now that
is a very dramatic assertion and it may
be overstated I mean after all when they
got Oleg Penkovsky back in 1962 they
arrested him they put him on trial for
treason they convicted him and they shot
him they killed him in prison when they
got this next guy in 2004 they also
arrested him charged him with treason
and convicted him but they didn't kill
him they didn't execute him they
sentenced him to 13 years and then he
didn't serve out that time in 2010 he
was pardoned and traded to the west
traded in a in a Western spy swap he and
three other Russian prisoners were
swapped for ten Russians who'd been
operating an undercover spy ring in the
United States ultimately he went to live
in Britain the country for which he had
done his spying and of course he was the
man who ended up slumped on a park bench
in the British town of Salisbury last
week he was in some sort of fugue state
witnesses described him making strange
hand motions while otherwise being
non-responsive
while his 33 year old daughter slumped
next to him unconscious with her eyes
rolled back in her head Sergei Griffith
and his daughter yulia circus cripple
was seen in russia as a very very
consequential double-agent
somebody who's spying for britain had
done profound damage to russia's
intelligence services and because of
that it doesn't take a great leap of
imagination to figure out why somebody
might have wanted to attack him who had
the strongest motive to attack him but
since he was attacked in britain last
week we still have no explanation for
why it happened exactly the way it did
where the attack happened in Salisbury
it was quite near to the British
military's Science and Technology lab at
Porton Down that's that's exactly the
secret facility in Britain that would be
used to identify a suspected chemical or
biological agent according to British
authorities the agent that was used to
attacks crippled and his daughter was a
very specifically identifiable Russian
nerve agent it's the opposite of a
generic poison I mean this isn't even
like you know sarin which is hard to
make but scientists in a Japanese
doomsday cult figured out how to make it
and they used it to gas a subway
platform in Tokyo
this isn't ricin which is also an exotic
poison but you can't make it from castor
beans if you try hard enough this was a
Russian military specific sub varietal
of nerve agent that doesn't exist
anywhere else in the world and has never
been manufactured anywhere and by anyone
other than the Russian state it was
therefore a very unusual choice for how
to kill someone especially if you had
any interest at all in getting away with
it this is like signing a bullet and
putting your return address on it before
shooting someone why do that I mean it's
it's very possible because of his
history because of the seriousness of
his espionage past it's very possible
that they were gonna get Sergey script
ball someday somewhere somehow but the
way they went after him in broad
daylight in a provincial British town
right next to the military laboratory
and they went after him with a very
dangerous nerve agent that contaminated
and hurt other people and that is
unmistakeably traceable to the russian
military that's a very specific kind of
attack the specifics of that attack
almost make it feel like it was some
sort of
International test mr. scrip al and his
daughter were poisoned with an Nava
chock a military-grade nerve agent
developed by Russia based on his
capability combined with their record of
conducting state-sponsored
assassinations including against former
intelligence officers who may regard as
legitimate targets the UK government
concluded that it was highly likely that
Russia was responsible for this reckless
and despicable act they have treated the
use of a military-grade nerve agent in
Europe with sarcasm content and defiance
so mr. speaker there is no alternative
conclusion other than that the Russian
state was culpable for the attempted
murder of mr. scribble and his daughter
and for threatening the lives of other
British citizens in Salisbury including
Detective Sergeant Nick Bailey this
represents an unlawful use of force by
the Russian State against the United
Kingdom British Prime Minister Theresa
May today announcing that this attack on
sergey skripnikov force by the russian
state against the UK prime minister may
went on further to announce the
expulsion of twenty-three Russian
diplomats from Britain in response she
canceled high-level bilateral meetings
with Russian officials Britain is
pulling back on its attendance at World
Cup soccer events in Russia later this
year
and interestingly the prime minister
also announced increased checks on
private flights customs and freight she
did not explain exactly why she did that
but it does raise some intriguing
questions about the British
investigation into how this nerve agent
got into the UK in the first place so
the Prime Minister's announcement today
was followed by an emergency meeting of
the UN Security Council which included
actually quite strong remarks from
America's ambassador to the UN nikki
Haley the United States believes that
Russia is responsible for the attack on
two people in the United Kingdom using a
military-grade nerve agent alone
Russia's crime is worthy of this
Council's action but this is not an
isolated incident
the Russians complained recently that we
criticize them
much if the Russian government stopped
using chemical weapons to assassinate
its enemies and if the Russian
government stopped helping its Syrian
Ally to use chemical weapons to kill
Syrian children and if Russia cooperated
with the organization for the
prohibition of chemical weapons by
turning over all information related to
this nerve agent we would stop talking
about them we take no pleasure and
having to constantly criticize Russia
but we need Russia to stop giving us so
many reasons to do so Russia must fully
cooperate with the UK's investigation
and come clean about its own chemical
weapons program US ambassador to the UN
nikki Haley speaking today strong
remarks from her those strong remarks
appear to have precipitated a fairly
strong statement from the White House as
well a statement released by press
secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders tonight
saying in part quote the United States
shares the UK's assessment that Russia
is responsible for the reckless nerve
agent attack on a British citizen and
his daughter and we support the UK's
decision to expel Russian diplomats as a
just response this latest action by
Russia fits into a pattern of behavior
in which Russia disregards the
international rules-based order
undermines the sovereignty and security
of countries worldwide and attempts to
subvert and discredit Western democratic
institutions and processes oh really
right strong strong statement Russia's
undermining the sovereignty and security
of countries worldwide attempting to
subvert and discredit Western democratic
institutions and yes right this is a for
this white house this is a strong
written statement from the press
secretary also a strong statement today
at the UN from nikki Haley you will
notice the strong contrast between those
strong remarks and what the President
himself has said on this matter
as soon as we get the facts straight and
we're going to be speaking with the
British today we're speaking with
Theresa mate today and as soon as we get
the facts straight if we agree with them
we will condemn Russia or whoever it may
be maybe it's a 400-pound guy sitting in
his bed the president has made no
further remarks on this matter
since then so this Russian guy being
attacked with a nerve agent developed by
the Russian military in broad daylight
on the street in Britain this is a
bizarre and serious and scary thing
there are international repercussions to
it already and those will continue a
first strong statement from the US
condemning the attack was from Secretary
of State Rex Tillerson who was then
fired just a few hours afterwards now
since then we have seen subsequent
strong statements from ambassador nikki
Haley and a strong written statement
from the press secretary they appear to
not be getting fired President himself
on this matter though still sort of know
we'll see who it is we'll see if we
agree and the the elephant in the room
of course is the the ongoing
investigation the ongoing open questions
about our president's own relationship
with the Russian government and on that
point I will just make one one point
here last night we reported that
Democrats on the Intelligence Committee
had unexpectedly released a 21 page
document in response to the Republicans
shutting down the Russia investigation
in the house the document the Democrats
released last night was not just a
response to what the Republicans that
said they were doing it was also their
own status report on where they believe
the investigation stood at the moment
the Republicans shut it down now we
didn't know this report was coming out
until we saw it last night and it it was
a surprise when it came out as we
described last night that document
contains some serious assertions about
president Trump and his relationship
with Russia including this blunt
statement on page six of their report
quote the committee has learned that
candidate Trump's private business was
actively negotiating a business deal in
Moscow with
sanctioned Russian bank during the
election period if you think that's old
news and you've heard that before it's
not this is a new and specific and
potent assertion from the Intelligence
Committee Democrats well tonight a
source familiar with the Democratic
report tells us a little bit more about
what that grave assertion is about the
source tells us that this is not based
on public reporting that everybody has
seen from news agencies source tells us
that testimony did the committee raised
serious questions about the effort
during the campaign by the Trump
Organization to secure foreign financing
for a Trump Tower Moscow including from
a sanctioned Russian Bank according to
our source there are troubling
inconsistencies between public
assertions about this matter and what
the committee discovered through
documentary and testimonial evidence
during the committee's investigation so
there appears to have been an attempted
assassination by chemical warfare on
British soil British government is
attributing that attack to the Russian
government u.s. Security Council is
taking up the matter the UK government
is addressing the matter the US
government is sort of starting to
address the matter but we are in this
bizarre situation where our own
presidents silence and mealy-mouthed
hemming and hawing on this subject is in
the foreground well his own secret
dealings with the Russian government are
starting to unfold and starting to be
exposed by a congressional investigation
that his Republican allies are trying to
shut down this is I mean we've been
watching this at one level or another
over the course of the past year and a
half right but right now with this
crisis and this attempted murder this
attempted assassination in Britain
police officers still hospitalized for
having gone into the house of these
people who apparently were targeted in
this attack two people still fighting
for their lives in critical condition
trying to fend off the effects of this
Russian military news agent now in the
face of this crisis what we're watching
here from our perspective as Americans
it's like watching a spy movie that has
another spy movie embedded inside of it
we've heard from a bunch of people that
they've had a hard time get
hold of this democratic status report
that we first reported on last night and
now again tonight we have posted that
report tonight at Maddow blog calm calm
if you want to look at it we've got lots
more to get to tonight stay with us
we'll be ready hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
