welcome back today and meet the midterm
Senate Democrats are getting a big
billionaire boost The Washington Post
reports that former New York City Mayor
Michael Bloomberg will give twenty
million dollars to the Maine Democratic
Senate super PAC this week that is on
top of the 80 million he had already
pledged to Democratic candidates overall
this cycle something he's surely hoping
Democrats remember ahead of a potential
2020 presidential bid Michael Bloomberg
trying to increase his Democratic Party
bona fides a hundred million dollars
makes Bloomberg now one of the biggest
campaign donors in either party right
now campaign records as of the latest
filing deadline show that casino magnate
shell Mendelson has already donated
nearly 56 million dollars to Republican
and Republican committees while another
Democrat who's angling for a
presidential run Tom Styer is donated 42
million but he's pledged at least 120
million for turning out voters who
support impeaching President Trump now
it's possible it'll sinner steyr another
billionaire could get even more money in
these final weeks leading up to election
day and we won't even find that out
probably for seven months after the
election right now it's Bloomberg that
is pulled into the billionaire donor
lead we'll be right back hello youtubers
if you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more Meet the Press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
