go out on Tuesday and just vote like
great you got to get out there the world
is watching I'm gonna be home watching
that returns the whole world remember
that they're all watching we want to
keep it going we want to keep the agenda
the make America great going you got to
get him in this is a very important race
that was Saturday night when Donald
Trump was campaigning for the loser of
last night's special congressional
election in Pennsylvania President Trump
tonight just tonight has made his very
first comments on this big loss for the
Republicans in Pennsylvania he is now of
course taking credit for the Democratic
candidates win the Atlantic magazine has
obtained audio of the president speaking
tonight at a fundraiser for a Republican
candidate in Missouri the audio says the
young man last night that ran he said oh
I'm like Trump Second Amendment
everything I love the tax cuts
everything he ran on that basis Trump
said he ran on a campaign that said very
nice things about me I said is he a
Republican he sounds like a Republican
to me later on the Donald Trump stressed
the Democrats appeal to many blue-collar
conservatives saying but I guess when
you're running in a certain area that's
probably a good tactic joining us now by
phone is Elena plot she's a staff writer
for The Atlantic and she obtained the
audio of what the President had to say
tonight Elena thank you very much for
joining us tonight thank you for having
me warrant so this is audio spirited out
of a Republican fundraiser where no
press were allowed we this is the kind
of audio we got during the Romney
presidential campaign and this is Donald
Trump saying that the Democrat won
because he said I'm like Trump exactly
it's just another instance Lawrence I
think where you see following an
unfavorable election for a Republican
Trump trying to have it both ways of
course if rick Ciccone have one he would
have Trump would have argued that it was
because of his last minute rally for him
on Saturday night but
but Connor Lam has edged him out by
razor thin margin we see Trump trying to
claim credit for that as well it's also
a you know a lot of Hill reporters were
waiting with bated breath to see what
the president would say about this race
of course with Ed Gillespie with Roy
Moore he was very quick to the draw to
tweet that he hadn't supported those
candidates those candidates had not run
on his message but he was unusually
silent today about Rick ciccone so I
think these remarks were newsworthy not
only is that Trump was trying to take
credit for Connor LANs victory but also
that he was finally breaking in silence
and is it is it your sense that the
people in that room those donors
Republican donors are so completely
ignorant of the campaign that they
actually think that the Democrats said I
love the tax cuts and they don't know
that the Democrat ran against the Trump
tax cuts I don't think no I wouldn't
characterize the response I heard from
that as ignorant at all from the audio I
obtained it was more just when Trump
speaks you go along with it and I think
that's part of his appeal you know when
he does speak to crowds he feels
enlivened by them he draws from their
energy there was so much laughter
throughout his speech tonight I know I
you know I'm I'm reticent to believe
that there was a donor in the room who
you know was donning their head and
beliefs at what Donald Trump was saying
it was more kind of you know when chomp
plays his part as a donor you play your
part too is it is it gonna dawn on any
of these donors do you think that they
are helping to finance these Trump trips
like we saw Saturday night that helped
sync Republican candidates you know I
think what you'll hear a lot of donors
say and throughout my reporting in the
last couple of days with Rickster Cohn a
lot of them are simply saying Rick
Sakhalin was an anomaly he was a bad
candidate despite the fact you know in
the last year of Trump and Republicans
haven't been remarkably successful in
their special elections or with again a
Gillespie in his bid for governor and
Virginia but I think you know you're
going to see a lot of cash flooding and
to someone like Josh Holley and his bid
against Claire McCaskill someone like
Kevin Cramer in North Dakota when he
goes against Heidi Heitkamp I think I'm
a lot of them are still in a little bit
of suspension of disbelief that you know
something like the special election with
Rick Ciccone is actually indicative of
what might happen and November everybody
is keen to see things as anomalous and
not actually a bellwether despite the
fact that you know evidence is pointing
to the fact that this election last
evening was in many ways a referendum on
Trump it wasn't just you know a fluke in
and of itself the Atlantic's Elena plot
thank you very much Elena for joining us
with your breaking news tonight really
appreciate it Thank You Aaron
and as we said earlier it wasn't until
5:22 a.m. when Steve Kornacki could
finally announce to the world that NBC
News had called Connor Lam the apparent
winner in the Pennsylvania special
election and that was not the end for
Steve Kornacki who tweeted a few minutes
later I'll never forget the ones who
stayed awake with me we'll be on for the
start of morning Joe that means at 6:00
a.m. then going to sleep and then have
hand surgery and that is what Steve did
he emailed me today right before his
hand surgery there he is resting
comfortably
relax saying that is the only time that
is the most relaxed I have ever seen
Steve Kornacki you have to hospitalize
them to get them that relaxed hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
