let me bring in an expert on Russian spy
craft and diplomacy it's of course
Michael McFaul he was US ambassador to
Russia under President Obama is now an
NBC News analyst ambassador McFaul let
me first start with this a nerve agent
that the Russians apparently used here
how concerned should we be that they
have weaponized this and are willing to
transport it overseas
well I'm very concerned Chuck I think
it's really scary it's not the first
time but it's a most audacious use of an
assassination attempt and let's be clear
there are lots of ways that they could
have gone after mr. screwball if they
wanted to kill him quietly they did this
in a way that left their fingerprints on
it and I think therefore it demands our
a firm response now there's many people
it's interesting you say that that they
wanted to be caught they wanted this
escalation a certain Russian leader has
and I'll put this in quotes an election
this weekend
is this all driven by his own election
by his own attempts to run up the score
in his own rigged election I don't think
so I mean that's an interesting
hypothesis but I don't think he needs to
run up the score he's gonna win there's
no surprise there I do think it's a
signal and I've heard Vladimir Putin say
it on the record that traitors must be
dealt with in the harshest ways so if
you watch the Russian press the way
they're covering this they're saying in
the one breath there's no evidence we
didn't do it but traitors have to be
treated in this way and then and and I
think it's a signal to all people that
might oppose Vladimir Putin that that
he's willing to play tough in this way
but most audaciously to play tough in
this way in a NATO ally in the United
Kingdom and that's why I think we have
to have a better response than we've had
so then we've had so far how would she
get you to react to a tweet here from
longtime Putin opponent and friend of
friend of ours Gary Kasparov he tweeted
this about the response by the Brits
it's a start but
proportionate response is what Putin
wants predictable escalation he can
absorb deterrence must be based on
overwhelming response targeting the
Putin mafias money and access obviously
he's arguing for a disproportionate
response at some point that that's the
only thing Putin will respond to what do
you say to that I basically agree with
Kerry I mean I want to underscore I am
glad that they expelled 23 diplomats and
I hope many of those were spies right
that's the right response I also want to
see a NATO response there's something
called article 4 in the NATO treaty
where there can be consultations among
us all for what we should do in response
to attacks like this so that there
should be a multilateral response but
ultimately Gary's right you have to hit
them where it counts and it's about
money there's a lot of money in London
the Russian money and that would what
that would be where we'd hurt especially
if they're people closely connected to
Putin every once in a while Putin likes
to talk about international agreements I
believe Russia is a signer on the
chemical weapons treaty
non-proliferation trend this would be a
violation of it President Obama when
Assad apparently violated he was going
to use that treaty as the justification
or rationale had he decided to strike
Syria he decided not to should we be
enforcing this violation of this
agreement yes and I think that argument
has to be made it doesn't mean that
Putin's gonna back down right I mean I
think something that people forget about
Putin is you know people say well this
is not the Cold War well one of the Rays
it's not the Cold War is Vladimir Putin
doesn't respect the international
institutions I think even less so than
some of the late leaders of the Soviet
era and so like he did annexation and
Crimea like he meddled in our elections
and now he is again
you know openly defying this
international agreement but that demands
that we do push back and invoke that
treaty I think that's an excellent idea
Chuck it would be American leadership
there's no it doesn't appear to be any
appetite for that coming from this
president
tragically not now I applaud the
statement by ambassador Haley that's the
right diagnostic right but now comes the
prescription what is the policy response
and so far whether it's this whether
it's a response to the indictment that
mr. Muller made whether it's a response
to Russia's new nuclear weapons that
Putin announced a couple weeks ago we
have had very little actually no
response at all I don't think that
serves America's interests I don't think
that serves the interests of the NATO
alliance and I hope our leaders in
Washington the presidents and maybe now
our new Secretary of State will begin to
understand that a weak response does not
advance America's national interest well
perhaps that something President Trump
will respect weakness Putin doesn't
respect he wants strength President
Trump says he likes strength Mike McFaul
always good to see you sir thanks for
coming on thanks for having me hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
