michael steele what did you learn from
this race I think any Republican
candidate that isn't running as if their
life depended on it is doing it wrong
there the choice is not between panic
and complacency the choice is doing the
hard work raising money working your
district doing your job and being ready
for whatever wave comes or doesn't at
the same time we do know that look we're
not gonna face a Marine who is pro-life
ish and pro-gun in every district every
swing district this fall this is a
unique situation unique advantages to
the Democratic candidate and he didn't
face a primary I don't have to move to
the lap I don't think a Democratic
candidate who faces a primary who's
gonna be running television ads showing
him firing an assault weapon where hey
what you learned for this well I think
that it's that we're seeing basically a
history I started with Virginia and if
we remember the candidates in Virginia
basically over changed the Statehouse a
Republican held Statehouse almost
overnight right just holding on the 3rd
so we're seeing this threat and what I'm
looking for coming the midterms
is who are the folks on the ground that
are running up ballot because that is
those are the ones that are going to be
able to identify the Democrat and what I
mean by that is north of one by nine
points but in Virginia but he wasn't a
strong kid it was everybody underneath
so well yes Lam was was a unique
candidate I'm also looking at those
local state houses to see what we're
bringing in and I say that because
Emily's list now has close as twenty
thirty thousand folks that have decided
that they want to run for office they
actually have a pool of candidates that
they didn't have in 2006
that's commuting Heidi it was
interesting on Republicans tried to
nationalize this race in so many
different ways whether it was Pelosi
taxes at the end it became Trump and
Democrats they let Conner Lam run a more
localized race they let his run that run
his own race which is actually you would
think in an environment like this you'd
want to do the exact opposite
right and what they had though was these
twin forces where they really didn't
have to maybe it was the lack of the
primary but they really didn't have to
do a lot to energize the Democratic base
they were already energized so they gave
Conor lay on that Running Room to go
back to those pro-union working-class
voters who by the way if you look at the
district it was represented by a
Democrat before Tim Murphy a lot of
those people are still registered as
Democrats they're just coming home on
that economic populist message
they allowed Connor lamb to run on and
actually I thought one of the things
also about this that is that is
potentially a huge problem for
Republicans is the way in which they
retreated from the tax cut message of a
big part of the urgency and getting
those tax cuts done was to allow members
are candidates like ciccone to run on it
and yet they pulled back and started
running on other issues like you know
Connor Lee I'm soft on immigration and
crime and guns
hey David Wasserman you know is
interesting about this district is that
it's sort of we already knew Republicans
in suburban areas we're going to
struggle this is a district that is sort
of half suburban half exurban not quite
rural a little little bro but it's sort
of a mix and in every it's sort of like
what every suburban district in small
cities looks like right it's like the
suburbs of Omaha their suburbs of even
at Kansas City and the Kansas side of
things there's a lot of districts that
have these half suburban half x urban
areas where it feels that the Republican
candidate has to make a decision
hug Trump or start dissing themselves
and worry about alienating a hug Trump
and alienate this suburban Heights or
distance and alienate the Trump voter
Chuck I've been going through the
precinct data and I actually think
Republicans did a decent job of getting
their vote out compared to some of these
other races that we've watched but
democratic intensity particularly in
those inner suburbs of Pittsburgh was
just slightly higher and that made the
difference in this race if you actually
break it down right Connor lamb lost the
election Dave vote by maybe a handful of
votes won thanks to apps and teas but
the danger for Republicans is that
they're not going to be able to run this
kind of field program everywhere in
November and Trump is not going to be
able to visit all of these solidly
Republican districts
how many districts are kind of like this
one where they sort of straddle the
suburbs meaning their little suburb yeah
I think Lexington Kentucky that district
looks like it feels a little similar to
this what other ones are like this
you're totally right Kentucky six
district is a good example you mentioned
Omaha Nebraska the second district
they're even in California's Central
vally there will be a few districts that
are somewhat suburban somewhat more kind
of rural more conservative culturally so
these border zones are really the places
that are going to make the difference
between the majority and minority that's
what I think - all right Nancy Pelosi
what's the lesson Maria I think right
now the non-slip loading is just take a
step back and what just watch the party
actually yep breath I think that lamb
coming in he's gonna have a lot of
supporters because there's a new
generation of young Democrats that want
to take the leadership position and you
want to see her
announce it she's not running again now
or wait until after November if she's
gonna do it yeah it's hard because she's
she's the one that fundraisers and
fundraisers really well so do you want
to get he was asked a question he
answered the question who's not standing
up at the podium thumping the POTUS roof
saying Nancy Pelosi has to go so I would
but the thing is that he's going into as
a freshman with a whole bunch of other
individuals that are highly more senior
that will definitely make sure that they
maybe put it in his ads I mean he went
out of their way to make sure people
knew he was anti-rattle does are
Republicans that oh well if Democrats
really work hard it would decide they
don't want to be with her that attacked
doesn't work I don't think we're worried
about that just because there's no sense
at this point that Pelosi Hoyer and
Clyburn are moving on they are clinging
to their positions with the tenacity
what we're seeing is kind of a flip side
of what Democrats deal with under
President Obama the transitive property
where popularity doesn't translate but
unpopularity does David watch them I'll
let you have the last word will we start
to see more Democrats in these reddish
districts brag about not supporting
Nancy Pelosi absolutely and at the same
time I think Nancy Pelosi probably
appreciates that likes that because she
knows that that would help her chances
of becoming speaker again but I'm
telling you Chuck I'm meeting with these
Democratic candidates by the dozen who
were running in a lot of these
competitive districts they don't like
her and I think she's gonna be very hard
pressed to keep her job
even if Democrats do retake the majority
yeah I don't know where she finds her
218 if for some reason she has a shot at
getting 218 there mr. Wasserman
everybody enjoyed following you last
night you own Twitter that's for sure
Kornacki when the
waves you own a Twitter buddy hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
