you're the vote counter you have called
this race so we don't need you ap and
you helped us of course call it as well
but what do you take away from this race
we've heard wake-up call warning signs I
mean if you need wake-up calls this is
you've been hitting the snooze bar
because this is like the 18th wake up
call in the last year Chuck a Democrat
winning a district that Trump carried by
20 points is seven or eight beer goggles
ugly for the Republican Party there's no
doubt about it and yet at the same time
Democrats did something smart here they
largely stayed off the Pittsburgh
airwaves as a national party and that
was completely unlike what they did in
Georgia 6 where John Asif lost it
allowed Connor Lam to run his own
campaign and credibly present himself to
voters as someone who was not beholden
to either party and that's what helped
him win this race what does this race
look like when there's 434 of them out
there and the reason I ask this is this
way like Republicans threw everything at
this race at the last second to try to
rescue this campaign
my guess is had ciccone been in the
shape that he was and this were before a
November election they would have just
moved on to another race and Ciccone
loses by five or six and they don't
bother but that's my sense of this what
does this race look like without it
being the only race on the ticket well
you're right there are a hundred
districts that Republicans hold that or
less Republican than this one and yet
not all of them are going to be
competitive in the fall
Connor lamb was a uniquely strong
candidate his life story resonated with
the district he was a young marine and
prosecutor Republicans aren't going to
have that problem of running against
basically a perfect candidate everywhere
so they're right only strategy their
only hope for winning for holding on to
their House Majority is to disqualify
their Democratic opponent with
opposition research and make them
unacceptable it's going to be a
scorched-earth fall campaign what and
Democrats now take away from this which
is they've been saying this they feel as
if they want to find more candidates
at the district I've seen this movie
before it was 2006 it worked but it does
create governing problems down the road
it absolutely does and look Connor lamb
could be in Congress for a while because
the redrawn Pennsylvania map gives him a
district that's actually much better
much more more friendly to Democrats
than the one that he apparently just won
but that's the nature of a party with no
clear leader it's a big advantage when
you're out of power because the face of
your party can be every single candidate
running in every state and district who
can tailor a message perfectly to that
district but when you're actually in
power it becomes much more difficult
because you've got tough decisions to
make on wedge issues like guns trade you
name it hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
