Hugh Hewitt MSNBC political analyst is
with us so is Mack McLarty White House
chief of staff under President Clinton
and former congresswoman Jane Harman as
well president and CEO of the Woodrow
Wilson Center let's start with this
breaking news on Andrew McCabe Hugh let
me just first of all let me get your
take how surprised are you I'm not
surprised at all the IG report has been
tipped heavily as being very critical of
Andrew McCabe I think what matters the
most is whether or not there's a false
statements prosecution as Mike Flint had
to plead to that follows after this the
IG can't charge he's not a prosecutor so
I think sessions will be turning it over
the Attorney General will be turning it
over to a career department of justice
official what's more important is what
does the IG say about the FISA
application on Carter page and what does
the IG say about unmasking so the report
will be far more important than just
what was said about mr. McCabe Matt
let's let's talk about this this White
House that continues to demonstrate some
signs of chaos here the Tillotson Pompeo
hospitals could very well just be the
beginning The Wall Street Journal
reporting that several members of the
administration could find their jobs in
peril they include Veterans Affairs
Secretary David Shulkin national
security adviser HR McMaster Attorney
General Jeff Sessions his deputy also on
the cusp chief of staff John Kelly the
president's daughter son-in-law senior
advisors Ivanka Trump Jarrett cushion
all of us again according to The Wall
Street Journal not you've been on the
inside during times of White House
change your balls and President Clinton
he was a Washington outsider when he
took office
what's your insider view of what we are
seeing take place right now at 1600
Pennsylvania it's not unusual for a new
administration coming in to get it see
legs and have some changes we had some
of that but nothing at this level and
the just the list you read most recently
suggest that in the case was Secretary
of Tillison whom I have known over the
years I like and respect I think
President Trump wanted someone that was
more in line with his thinking and he
tapped a CIA director former Congressman
Mike Pompeo in that regard I think he
could have
this in a much better way regarding
secretary Tillerson in my opinion but I
think he made the decision he wanted to
make I do think we are likely to see a
number of the other changes that you
suggest maybe not quite as comprehensive
as you just outlined of course we most
recently seen Larry Kudlow as you broke
the story coming in to head up the NEC
the National Economic Council which was
established in the Clinton
administration replacing Gary Cohen I
know Larry I like him and respect him
he'll be he'll have the ability I think
to navigate within the the Trump
administration in a skillful way and it
will take all of his skills both in
terms of interpersonal and
communications to navigate that
effectively James Gina Haspel the
nominee to be CIA director she is facing
some confirmation issues it would appear
reports today of just how deep her
involvement was in the agencies but
counterterrorism operations our
willingness to take part in the agency's
rendition detention interrogation
programs including according to probe um
ProPublica sitting idly by and watching
some of this waterboarding take place
how much of an obstacle is Gena
hospitals past going to going to likely
be in terms of a confirmation well I
think it's a big deal and I think that
the Senate Intelligence Committee on a
bipartisan basis thank goodness that
committee still functions it's
heartbreaking that the House committee
doesn't I served there for eight years
as you know but that the Senate has to
ask some really tough questions john
mccain has signaled that he thinks these
questions should be asked to 16 years
ago when this happened I was the senior
Democrat on the House Intelligence
Committee I wrote a letter which has
since been Declassified to the general
counsel of the CIA asking whether there
was policy guidance for this list of
procedures he had just briefed me on I
never got a response to the letter the
letter also said I understand there are
videotapes of the interrogations please
do not destroy the videotapes next I
heard some some time after they had been
destroyed I think that is
shocking and she was directly involved
perhaps on orders from Jose Rodriguez
who was her boss she was then chief of
staff to him and you know he have seen
each other over the years he knows how
uncomfortable I am about this but I
think she has to explain it I also think
she has to explain her role in a series
of activities that caused Congress to
act to ban some of the procedures
involved which were viewed as torture so
it's not a small deal and it doesn't
matter to me that it was 16 years ago
that does not excuse her from fully
explaining her actions so much to get to
today I wish we had more time Jane Thank
You Mack thanks as always Hugh she would
appreciate your time as well hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
