breaking news continues here with a
major new development concerning the
outgoing Deputy Director of the FBI men
in Andrew McCabe our justice
correspondent Pete Williams is standing
by force out with more on that Pete what
do we know
well Andrew McCabe is not any longer the
FBI's Deputy Director he stepped down
from the position but he's still on the
government payroll and will be until his
retirement takes effect at the end of
this week but what we're told now and
this has been brewing for a while is
that the FBI's office of Professional
Responsibility has recommended
disciplinary action against him
including his possible firing a
recommendation that is now pending
before the Attorney General this
involves answers that McCabe gave to the
Justice Department's inspector general
who was looking into a suggestion that
McCabe had improperly talked to a
reporter about the FBI's investigation
of the Clinton Foundation and according
to people familiar with the conclusion
of the Inspector General's report the IG
says that McCabe was not fully
forthcoming when he answered questions
about whether he talked to a reporter so
that recommendation has now been made to
the Attorney General and it's before him
the Justice Department isn't commenting
on this other than to give a general
statement by saying that there is a
process that this normally follows that
career professionals review these things
and when they're made to the Attorney
General that's how they get there and
that no they have no personnel decisions
to announce it would be significant for
a couple of reasons one is it would be
yet another chapter in the continuing
criticism of how the FBI handled this
although this is really more of a
question about how the FBI in this case
an FBI official answered questions about
dealing with a reporter that's the real
issue here but secondly a personal
consequence to Andrew McCabe it would
jeopardize his pension if he was fired
instead of simply being allowed to
retire now so there's a there's a matter
of whether the Attorney General is going
to make this decision
for Andrew McCabe is it retires or not
that's a kind of critical question here
and the FBI isn't giving or the Justice
Department isn't giving any guidance on
that one way or the other so again Pete
McCabe set to retire on Sunday if the
Attorney General takes the
recommendation of excuse me if Jeff
Sessions takes the recommendation of
this Inspector General could he decide
after Sunday and and that would still in
turn affect his pension or do we know
the answer to that there's this
something that has to be decided before
Sunday well if if he's retired he's no
longer a government employee so he can't
be fired but I suppose Jeff Sessions
could simply sit on this recommendation
and not take any action I don't know
that he's required to do anything or not
I actually don't know the answer to that
question I seems inconceivable to me
that he doesn't have the option of just
doing nothing but I suspect that there's
a good deal of pressure on him here to
make this decision beforehand all right
our justice correspondent Pete Williams
on more breaking news on this Wednesday
the outgoing FBI deputy director Andrew
McCabe of course McCabe a frequent
target of a president Trump
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
