joining me now is one of the nation's
foremost experts on handicapping
satirizes cook Political Report senior
editor Jennifer Duffy Jennifer nice to
see how are you so I guess the big
question is are we in a holding pattern
on the battle for Senate I would say
this two weeks ago it felt like there
was a decided shift towards the
Democrats and it was like boy they have
a real shot at flipping Cavanaugh has
everybody going what I'm not sure right
first of all I didn't see that that
movement two or three weeks ago as
clearly as some did I actually think now
we're in where you call it a holding
pattern I call it turbulence well there
are some days when I look at these and I
don't I mean well the one thing I have
to say about your ratings is can we
acknowledge that the difference between
number one and number five can be
measured in decimal points I mean a
hundred percent a point actually one of
the things we wanted to do is have no
number two well we do believe there is a
much bigger gap between North Dakota and
say everything else there is a decided
advantage right now probably for Kevin
Cramer all these other Senate races are
much more within Arizona Missouri tight
tight tight whether you have it at three
or four it's there I mean I think that
the interesting thing about Cavanaugh in
in Missouri is there was no good vote
for Claire McCaskill here you know she
was gonna alienate part of the vote she
needed no matter what she did you know I
actually think Arizona at the end of the
day it's gonna be the closest Senate
race in the country it's an interesting
prediction we will hold you now we won't
hold you to that what Hugh Hewitt
earlier was saying that you know there's
anecdotal and it's all and as he said
anecdotal anecdotal but we've seen some
polling this week that while it hasn't
seen a major shift in numbers you are
seeing as you hear from Republican
pollsters going oh my god finally
Republicans seem to be engaged why does
that matter well first of all or does it
no it absolutely matters I mean Pew came
out with a study about two weeks ago
that showed Democrats as engaged as
they've been almost historically like
twice as engaged as they were in 2010
2014 Republicans not so much
so yeah you need to close that intensity
gap I think that it started to close pre
Kavanaugh and then it has sort of slam
shut
I had a pollster say to me this week I
want to test this again when the noise
is gone I called him an optimist with
the noise being gone he said I'll just
be replaced by different noise but it
has to you know pin Republicans maintain
this level of interest for five more
weeks we're gonna see what happens to
Cavanaugh I was just going to say if the
Cavanaugh story is in the rearview
mirror and two weeks what is that how
does that change your calculus about the
Senate well I think I go back to where I
was about ten days ago which is where
I'm looking at this more race by race I
mean sure we look at the the elections
as a whole and political environments
driving in and tickets the Senate and
then you feel like you're looking at an
election in a different country so we're
looking at these more race by race than
sort of the the prevailing winds out
there yeah but it's interesting when you
do that when I look at it race by race
I'm with you I'm sitting there uh
sometimes I give the Republicans a net
gain of one or two sometimes I have a
dead even I you know but when you look
at the totality you're like boy I've
been down this road before
oh six in particular mm while it didn't
change it got Democrats to 50/50 when
every close race also went to the same
side that happens more often than not
right well that's true in the last 10
elections one party has won a majority
of the toss-up races no party has won
less than 67% 2004 2006 2014 one party
won 89% of those races so the question
is this has been such a crazy cycle does
it is this the exception to the rule and
what does it mean if it is it really
means frankly that candidates and
campaigns matter we should remind people
that in the wave year of 2010
Republicans only got the house they
actually came up short in the Senate and
that was considered a split decision for
about an hour when everybody realized oh
my God look what happened to the house
well exactly I mean you know
there are a little there are a couple
similarities I mean I think Republicans
had some recruiting challenges right
that's like well I can point to a couple
of races where I think they have
recruiting challenges here I'm not sure
Matt Rosendale is you know the strongest
candidate they could have gotten there
are some races I would have thought
would be on this board that aren't I
mean we haven't talked about the one
race missing in your top ten that's
extraordinary
what's Virginia yeah I mean a state that
Trump carried by 42 points who six
months ago I would have told you that
Joe Manchin was the most vulnerable
incumbent he's not even on the list
anymore no it's amazing all right very
quickly I love to play this game with
you
would you rather be Ted Cruz or Bob
Menendez Menendez would you rather be
Claire McCaskill or Marsha Blackburn hmm
that one's harder that tells you
everything right there it tells you
everything right there and you have to
have know I only can give you the
results of one race on election night
what state US Senate race would you want
that would help you figure out who got
control Arizona Jennifer Duffy the best
in the business thank you thank you very
much
Toba yes all right hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more Meet the Press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
