we start with a breaking news here larry
cudlow the economic analysts the TV
personality according to reports is
going to be named as the director of the
National Economic Council Stephanie role
covers business force here in addition
to hosting at nine o'clock hour the
eleven o'clock hour Saturday show as
well what do we know besides those two
things about larry cudlow i mean larry
cudlow is not a surprising pick he was
part of sort of team trump during the
campaign so he's known donald trump for
years he's also no stranger to
Washington while he did work on Wall
Street at Bear Stearns he has been a
senior contributor
on CNBC with the television show he now
has a radio show he worked on President
Reagan's economic policy back in the day
he's a big free trade guy so Wall Street
looks at this as a positive Larry Kudlow
is the kind of guy he wrote earlier this
month he didn't like the idea that the
president was looking to put tariffs in
place you will see Kudlow as a guy who a
most likely push President Trump to stay
in NAFTA maybe even nudge him to get
back into TPP and one thing he has that
the president certainly likes he's a TV
personality president Trump often
complains that he doesn't have enough
people in the administration who do good
TV Larry Kudlow certainly does and again
if someone just mentioned a few moments
ago he looks like he's straight out of
central casting he's without a dour
loves people straight out of central
casting John Bolton note to you that
mustache John doesn't like and that's
some some of suggest that's what cost
him the job at state so it's is it safe
to assume that the market should respond
favorably to this new markets are
definitely going to like Larry Kudlow
the investors know Kudlow very well he's
been a personality on CNBC for years and
while he's not directly in that camp of
Wilbur Ross Peter Navarro who have far
more nationalist views Trump has said I
want opposing views in my white house
but people who get along and Kudlow gets
along with Trump he gets along as Wilbur
Ross he gets along with Peter Navarro
he's somebody who has Trump's ear that's
a positive your TV husband Ali Velshi is
standing by their force in Washington DC
mr. bellusci of course also has covered
business for a number of years
what does the cut no appointment tell
you Ali well I will tell you one thing
look at the bottom right corner of the
screen the Dow's got in the wrong
direction so I'm a little surprised at
this because the the markets were off
they had shown some slight improvement
and I'm with Stephanie that one would
think that what's going on with Larry
Kudlow would cause the markets to react
more positively but they haven't now you
know you can't really tell on a you know
hundred points here and there what's
doing it so that's number one number two
the last guy left because he didn't
agree with the president's trade policy
this guy Kudlow thinks less of the
president's trade policy than Gary cone
did there's probably no clearer person
to articulate a free trade policy than a
guy like Larry Kudlow so I'm a little
puzzled about how they make that work
but it could just be that larry cudlow
has had Donald Trump's back for a long
time in fact Craig you will remember the
last time i spoke to larry cudlow
happened to be on your show when he was
peddling that myth these tax cuts are
going to give us a four and five percent
economic growth I don't remember what
number he used but now you're gonna want
them back but here's that here's the
problem that these are myths these are
fantastical ideas the the example I give
is when you look at countries that do
have that kind of economic growth
they're younger they're newer in their
economic cycle while China and India are
not young countries they're young in
their new economic cycle America is like
me a fat middle-aged old man we are
simply not going to grow or shrink in
the way that India can or China can or
Mozambique can so talking about 6%
growth in the American economy when we
have global growth around the 3% mark is
irresponsible and ridiculous but the
president seems to like that and and and
Larry Kudlow does that a lot on TV and
that may be what's getting him the job
Larry Kudlow is happy to talk Trump and
even if he disagrees with Trump on trade
policy he knows how to play the game
with the president not unlike remember
Larry Cohen had a lot more tough talk to
Trump and Trump didn't like that and we
know that Trump didn't like disagreeing
with Rex Tillerson Larry Kudlow knows
how to play the game scaramouche e style
with the president
fairness in in fairness Craig Larry
Kudlow like Gary cone his smart guy he's
a smart guy there are a lot of people in
America who are at least bright
breathing a sigh of relief that it's not
going to be Peter Navarro because that's
a whole nother ball of wax
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
