joining me now is a person who this is
clearly important to Fred Guttenberg his
daughter Jaime was tragically killed at
Stoneman Douglas high school fred first
again i am so so sorry this month
unthinkable for you but here we are
exactly one month later and today
thousands of students and their parents
are stepping up standing up and saying
enough is enough what is today like for
you well first good morning Stephanie
today is brutal today is one month that
my daughter was murdered
you know III still my wife and I my son
cannot get over the fact that we are now
one month into this you know every day
since has been a new day for us
everything we do is now without my
daughter but I must say these kids
they've been heroes of mine for the past
month they've lifted my spirit the folks
in Parkland the community has been
unbelievable while I am so disappointed
in the legislators and I do not call
them leaders but the legislators in
Washington I am so optimistic because of
these kids these kids are fighting for
their right to be safe nothing more and
not just in school they want to be safe
when they walk the street that want to
be sick when they go to the movie
theater they want to be safe when they
go to the mall they want to be safe and
if the adults in DC can't fix this they
will you know I was in DC last week and
I'm hearing in the background all of
these kids behaving like adults but the
adults in DC it's like a big sandbox and
you have those who run to the left side
of the sandbox and those who run to the
right and then you have the president
who runs around the sandbox sandbox
kicking sands and everybody and
everybody's face
it doesn't work we want to be safe we
want common sense gun reform these kids
are gonna get it and next the next week
on the 24 it is going to be a tipping
point all right well let's talk about
those legislators because last week
Florida Governor Rick Scott signed into
law the Marjory Stoneman Douglas public
safety act and now that tightens gun
control in several ways but it also
allows for some teachers to be armed
what's your thought on that bill well
first I think of inner wick Scott was a
leader on this he's told us from the day
one that he was going to work with us to
get common-sense reforms through the
state of Florida and in the state of
Florida that's not an easy thing to do
and I'm thankful for him regarding that
aspect of the bill I don't like it but
it's not arming teachers it's actually
arming non teaching personnel but only
under certain conditions the sheriff and
the superintendent have to agree to it
if they agree to it then there's all
sorts of other standards that need to be
met so it's unlikely in practice to
happen and maybe anywhere more than a
couple of places throughout the state
that said I don't like it I know what it
was like in my kids school the day of
the shooting it was pandemonium it was
chaos it was so thick with smoke that
you had kids running all over the place
the idea of a teacher untrained the way
a law enforcement officer would be in
there without proper gear focused on
trying to shoot at a shooter versus
getting kids to safety is a problem to
me however I supported that bill because
everything else in it will make our kids
safe had that bill been in effect for
weeks ago my daughter would be alive
today
then what's your what is your message to
President Trump because President Trump
seemed to have an open mind and an open
heart
soon after the shooting but since then
he's abandoned his promise to push for
gun control measures opposed by the NRA
including raising the age limit to
purchase rifles is this is the president
caming to the NRA because what we're
hearing from a
in the last few days is straight out of
NRA talking points oh listen it's like I
said the president is the one of the
sandbox hitting stand and everyone's
face I wanted to stop I listen III have
gone on a personal mission to get the
NRA out of any role in decision-making
on our safety the fact that the
president is publicly embracing them and
publicly saying we should all do the
same is simply pathetic and I want him
to stop I want him to act like a leader
and when it comes to this issue and I'm
only talking about this issue he is
failing miserably to go on television
with legislators and talk one way and
then meet with the folks of the NRA who
last we put out a video putting targets
on legislators and news people's backs
and say he joins with them is pathetic
it needs to stop I want the president to
take my daughter's murder seriously not
as a political moment and those are the
sixteen others I want him to I will
embrace him if he is the one who gets
something done on this issue the way he
has spoken over the past week he clearly
will not be I assume you watched
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos in her
sixty minutes interview is she the right
person to lead this gun control
Commission no no she's not she has no
idea what happens in a school she has no
idea how to keep my children safe she
unfortunately listen we all watched that
video she has an agenda that is not
aligned with those of us who are parents
that need to send our kids to these
schools so no she is not
take a step back and you look at the big
picture what are your thoughts on where
we're going through here well I can't
see what's on the screen that I hear it
my thoughts are we're going to get this
done my thoughts are these kids will not
stop my thoughts our legislators
need to react and do what these kids are
demanding or we fire them and I don't
want to wait until another election
cycle
I've actually been meeting with some
wealthy Republican donors they're gonna
cut off the Republican Party on this
issue if they don't get right on this
issue and and so everybody that I speak
to wants to get something done here the
problem is we have legislators who are
the holding to the NRA who are right now
failing us they either will change their
mind well we're gonna fire them all
right Fred
thank you so so much for joining me
thank you for the advocacy work you are
doing my thoughts go out to you and your
wife and your son I appreciate it Fred
Guttenberg Thank You Stephanie have a
great day
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
