report sir I'm not gonna deal with petty
stuff like that I was asked about that
I'm not gonna deal with that kind of
petty stuff and I'm just not gonna
dignify the question I'm not playing
these are the games of Washington I'm
not big defying the question with an
answer you know that's a really old
question I'll make up answer the
question you think you answered the
question Tom answered the question well
I guess he did actually right when you
think about it oh we answered by not
denying three times well I mean and take
a look at what's right obsolete you and
you decide he did not joining us here on
set former Homeland Security Secretary
jeh Johnson and in Washington now you
can talk to him yes former NATO supreme
Allied commander now that you know the
Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at
Tufts University of retired four-star
Navy Admiral James stavridis he is chief
international security and diplomacy
analyst for NBC News and MSNBC we won't
ask you about the shape of water okay so
Admiral I've been asking David Ignatius
to talk about the firing of a Secretary
of State what what impact does that have
I mean we obviously know the impact it
has in domestic politics but yeah but
take it internationally what impact does
that have when we find out that the
commander-in-chief of the United States
of America fires to stop diplomat via
Twitter in an extraordinarily cowardly
and disrespectful way yeah I almost
hesitate to do this with Jon Meacham
watching but I'll pull something out of
history which is back in the 17th
century occasionally the British Royal
Navy would literally shoot an admiral
who lost a battle to encourage the
others and I think that a lot of the
International reaction of this is there
will be other shot before this is over
so that revolving door hurts us
diplomatically look what's important
here is where will Secretary Pompeo the
70th secretary state of the United
States of America where is he going to
take it here's what I hope he focuses on
alliances he focuses on the interagency
process he's a good guy who
does not have sharp elbows and I hope he
focuses at least a bit on the soft power
part of the business
Peace Corps USAID he's got roots in that
area as well
and lastly he's a good communicator
which secretary Tillerson you know god
bless that laconic texan just was not a
good communicator so let's hope we go in
a good direction I think that's what the
internationals will be saying well and
Mike Pompeo I'd be just looking from a
distance seems to have figured out how
to communicate with Donald Trump while
walking the fine line testifying along
with the other Intel Chiefs that Russia
was trying to interfere in the election
while not including too much wrath I
want to get you the second mr. secretary
but first John Heilemann a lot of people
are immediately assuming that the
president's picks via Twitter for
Secretary of State and CIA director are
a fait accompli they are far from
passing the sniff test in in Congress
yeah I think I think Mike Pompeo having
having been confirmed and having history
as in Congress I think we'll probably
have relatively easy time becoming
Secretary of State I think that that the
new potential head of the CIA is going
to have a is going to have a serious
grilling because of the issues around
enhanced interrogation and torture that
she's likely to get to get confirmed but
that is not going to be an easy passage
there gonna be a lot of tough questions
for her from both sides of the aisle do
you think she's likely to be confirmed I
would have to look gonna need Democratic
votes but you know I mean she's a
historic first and she's the first woman
I'm not saying that's the only reason
but she'll get a hard look and she would
get roughed up in this in her
confirmation hearing I am sure but if I
had to bet today on whether she's gonna
get confirmed that said probably yes mr.
secretary from a homeland security
perspective this instability and all
this movement in and out of the White
House and now the State Department how
does that impact homeland security this
can't be a very well first I have to say
fine
everyone forgets who the first cabinet
officer was to resign at Donald Trump's
presidency as me hours first in the
honor race yeah so I don't think the the
turnover the upheaval that comes with
that turnover can be overstated imagine
a large public company like ExxonMobil
for example where the turnover and CEO
was every 14 months you'd have a very
difficult time launching any long-term
initiatives and the reality is and I
know this because I've been through it
several times when when a secretary
leaves and a new secretary comes in who
has to be confirmed by the Senate
basically everything at the senior-most
levels of that department stops and it's
paralyzed while everyone's getting the
nominee ready for Senate confirmation
the various unders and assistant
secretaries stop what they're doing and
they're concerned about where the new
boss wants to go they're concerned about
their own jobs and so this is
tremendously disruptive at a time when
this president wants to begin a dialogue
with North Korea which is no easy task
you'd normally have your State
Department writes deeply embedded in
that initiative situation right now and
in with Russia is tense with China is
tense with Western Europe its tense and
so I'm very concerned about basically
the stability of our US government with
so much turnover at the White House and
now with the cabinet departments Admiral
stavridis
secretary Johnson is right if you look
at a flow chart of the State Department
right now there are a lot of vacancies
and a lot of them in high-level
positions as you referenced like the
ambassador to South Korea have you
talked about Mike Pompeo somebody who
might be good in that job but isn't the
lesson of Rex Tillerson that if you
cross the president United States if you
challenge the president United States if
in the eyes of the president your view
does somehow condescending to him by
explaining something you don't believe
he understand
that you'll be fired in other words
isn't job stability in this
administration loyalty to the president
unfortunately thus far you'd have to say
yes and let's hope that Mike Pompeo
who's a West Point graduate he really
understands leadership we'll kind of go
out this job from the inside out which
means starting not with the White House
actually but with the Department of
State and really working with the young
diplomats with the career diplomats that
place has been hemorrhaging talent over
the last year we've got to get a
situation where he gets himself in front
of those people as a leader then he's
got to keep on side with Donald Trump
and then he can start to work the
international pieces of this thing he's
got his hands full to say the least
but we need to wish him well especially
as we head into this North Korea piece
he's going to be an important voice and
just one comment on Gina has bail the
nominee for CIA I agree completely with
secretary jeh Johnson good friend we've
worked together a lot I think that eight
plus for her is her life experience at
the agency she's worked there for 30
plus years she's well regarded she's a
professional in that sense it's like Jim
mattis going to defense gina has both
going to CIA that'll be a point in her
favor as these hearings unfold a guy
couldn't agree more David Ignatius the
CIA is obviously an extraordinarily
difficult agency to handle at times my
good friend I loved who everybody loved
in Congress Porter Goss a former CIA guy
went over there and
it was tough it was tough for him it's
been tough for other CIA directors and I
certainly agree with Admiral Avitus and
I'm curious what your thoughts are about
her nomination also mm-hmm let's talk
about how Mike Pompeo how Mike Pompeo
handled the agency over the past year i
I've heard pretty good things which
would suggest that maybe he's up to
handling the State Department in a way
Rex Tillerson never was Joe might my
sense is that Mike Pompeo was a popular
director at the CIA the fact that he was
so close to Trump was such a regular
visitor to the White House made some
analysts nervous at first that he might
compromise the agency's independence but
I think the CIA loves to be in the
political Sun
the idea that the president's pal is the
CIA director in the end goes down well
there Pompeii's whole pitch that the
agency was let's take the gloves off
let's let's take more risks let's be
more aggressive in collecting
intelligence in the tough denied areas
the work force loves that kind of thing
and so I think he ended up being being
popular
Gina Haspel is a career operations
officer she is very much shaped by by
the bureaucracy she is shaped and
tarnished by one of the terrible things
that the agency ended up doing at the
request of the Bush administration which
was it harsh interrogation let's sit
let's call it torture in these black
sites I think the key to whether she
survives that issue will be a Senator
Dianne Feinstein who was a member of the
Senate Intelligence Committee for many
years and has been the leader in this
interrogation issue if if senator
Feinstein essentially puts her arm
around Gina Haskell and says I've talked
to her I believe that she's somebody to
lead the agency I think that issue will
go away if Feinstein opposes her show
trouble and let me just follow up on
that as I always do whenever we talk
about this I have to bring it up Heidi
that yes it was a bush administration
initiative that was supported by
Democrats who were read into this very
early on and and we're fine with it
until the Washington Post broke a story
I think it was 2005 about black sites
across the globe and we were four years
removed from 9/11 and suddenly what
Republicans and Democrats were asking
the agency to do suddenly became less
popular in 2005 and suddenly they were
shocked shocked at what was going on at
the CIA and that is why you see I think
a lot of Democrats up there on the hill
saying that she was merely acting on
orders that was the acting policy at the
time and so I think I'm not just orders
supported by the Bush administration but
orders that had a bipartisan support in
the years after 9/11 right and actually
I wanted to take it to the secretary
though on Pompeo because yes it does
look like he will be confirmed but at
the same time that doesn't mean that his
hearing will be a cakewalk one of the
things that Tillerson said when he left
he went to the back of the plane and he
really lowered the boom on Russia he was
trying to put out a warning flare this
comes a day after this president was
refusing to come down on Russia for the
nerve agent attack so what do we need to
know from Pompeo about his stance on
Russia because as CIA director he did
say that he believed our intelligence
agencies but we don't know what his
position is for instance on what the
punishment should be having been through
three Senate confirmation hearings today
it's an exercise and do no harm you do
your best to get through it without
revealing too much about your own
personal views without tripping up
senator that's a very important question
I look forward to working with you on
that I'll get back to you question for
the record whatever so I don't know that
I've ever thought about like doing
seminars like you people take seminars
there's like the SAT OLS 80 you should
do that
it's not a search for the truth
necessarily just like the Stanley Kaplan
like the Princeton confirmations and
that is Senator then it's a fantastic
Center that's a great question left me
33 seconds to answer and I look forward
to working with you so I'm just saying
it's just like morning Joe
yeah 32 seconds no no not exactly not
exactly but I would like to say
something though we all understand when
you're in the cabinet you serve at the
pleasure of the president you have no
job security you can be removed anytime
anywhere for almost any reason a cabinet
officer is effectively three things the
CEO of an agency you are the president's
representative to that agency but then
you're also the agency's representative
to the president and very often in the
White House perspective you only see
maybe one possibly two of those and not
all three yeah I've noticed Vitas
quickly as we and that quickly
instruction was for me not you yeah
hurry up there's a question done in less
than five minutes to not ask you about
that fish movie quickly it seems to me
that actually getting rid of Rex
Tillerson they've done in the worst of
all ways yesterday the timing actually
was good if you are moving forward and
you were trying to have a summit with
kim jeong-hoon
on what Barack Obama told Donald Trump
would be the issue that keeps him up at
night do you need your people around you
you need people you can trust you need
people that you're not afraid you know
calling you morons behind your back
would you agree the timing actually was
pretty good for the president even if
the manner in which he carried it out
was disgraceful yeah I do agree with
that in his secretary Johnson said at
the end of the day the cabinet is a
series of advisors to the president
everything else in the end is kind of
white noise and the president has the
right to pick the people he or she wants
around but this timing I would say is
good Jo because of the crucial issue
with North Korea and on Iran that's
going to be the other big issue on
secretary plumpy
played immediately alright former cookie
I'm a secretary what do you think of
that jeh Johnson homeland this year I
thought come on I mean I'm into it it's
good isn't it
yes you know you have to divorce from
reality what he would expect to happen
but I've been binge-watching so I'm into
it this season debts I'm good Claire
Danes and I once had a sit-down table
for three times yeah it was one of the
fun things I got to do in office she's
really good all right for more Homeland
Security Secretary jeh Johnson thank you
very much Admiral James stavridis thank
you as well up next a member of the
Armed Services and Foreign Relations
Committee senator Tim Kaine of Virginia
joins us plus the apparent winner of the
Pennsylvania special election democrat
conner lamb will be our guest we'll be
right back
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay up
to date on the day's biggest stories and
you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
