it is the almost the top of the hour
joining us from Canonsburg Pennsylvania
the apparent winner of the special
election in Pennsylvania's 18th
congressional district Democrat Connor
Lam congratulations
Connor Lam good morning thanks for being
on the show you know what they're gonna
call him thank you good morning get when
he gets to Washington he's going to be
called landslide land land fly what what
made what do you think made the
difference in this race I think just
good old-fashioned hard work we didn't
take a single vote for granted
we didn't take a single town or even
inch of ground for granted we campaign
in all of them and I think that really
paid off if the president calls to
congratulate you which they often do in
situations like this what would you say
I guess I would say thank you that would
be an appropriate response I think so
the district obviously went Republican
certainly since the turn of the century
it's a plus 20 plus 21 Republican
district what did you hear from
constituents who had voted for Donald
Trump but said they were going to vote
for you we even had an interview Vaughn
Hilliard interviewed a Republican mayor
who said he voted for Trump he supports
Trump but he wanted to send you to
Washington what did these crossover
voters tell you well to be honest I
never really asked anyone who they voted
for in November 2016 I thought that was
a little impolite and kind of beside the
point I mean I was asking people for the
honor of just representing them doing
the job of a representative and the
feedback that most people gave me about
politics overall was that they felt like
if things are too divided they hear a
lot of bickering especially from
Washington DC and they don't see results
so what I said was I care about getting
things done and I'll do anything it
takes to do that so what else did you
hear on the ground what are the lessons
for Democrats heading toward the
midterms are there any that you can tell
them
well I don't know I mean I wouldn't
presume to give lessons to people
outside the district I think every
district is pretty different
like I said hard work really pays off I
I think that in this environment no
offense to all my friends who make their
living on TV campaigning in real life in
small rooms door to door person to
person it works and I learned a lot
doing it and I think that helped our
campaign an awful lot and I would advise
anybody no matter where they are to do
that
Connor it's willie Geist congratulations
on your apparent win which we're calling
it here at NBC you made the case on the
campaign trail over the last several
months it there needs to be new
leadership in Washington and you said so
at the top of both parties you said it
wasn't personal toward Nancy Pelosi but
you believed it was a new day in
Washington so when you arrive in
Washington assume you do win this
election
do you think Nancy Pelosi should go well
I don't know that we're there yet I mean
my understanding is there wouldn't be a
leadership vote this year and in this
year of all years we've got a couple
more elections to go for me before we'd
ever get there however yes I have said
and I continue to say that I think we
need new leadership at the top of both
parties in the house and so I'd like to
see someone besides Nancy Pelosi run and
that's who I would support but I
definitely would like to see a different
leader than Paul Ryan on the other side
what is it about Nancy Pelosi
specifically that you believe makes her
unqualified to do the job or that at
least she should go well it's nothing
personal I just think that the
leadership of both parties have presided
over a time when we've had more and more
gridlock and fewer and fewer important
things getting done and I always learned
that responsibility starts at the top so
I think we need to sweep some new people
in there Hidy Hidy pres bela here you
mentioned gridlock that is one of the
things that you really campaigned on was
congressional gridlock breaking
congressional gridlock so how do you see
yourself working with a President Trump
what are his specific economic populist
policies that you see him working on
that he's advanced so far
well he is he has talked about a number
of issues that are really important to
us here in western Pennsylvania and I
think he has shown some flexibility on
how he would like to approach those
things the infrastructure is probably
number one there we have a real need for
it out here and just basic things like
the structural efficiency of our bridges
is a big problem
you know highway projects and I think
he's receptive to getting work done on
those and and I think it's up to us to
work together to finally get this thing
done we've been talking about it for a
long time
hey Connor John Heilemann I just want to
ask you this like he just been through
an incredibly close race yeah you're
headed into the weekend before this race
and the president United States decides
to come to your district and and
nationalize the race and bring his own
particular brand of whatever positive
and negative onto the ground just take
us into that moment in your campaign do
you think the president's visit there
had a negative effect did it help the
your opponent did it hurt your opponent
how do you think it played out over the
course of the last 72 96 hours of the
campaign I don't know exactly
that'll be up to the analysts probably
to figure that one out I can say that I
think the president is still very
popular in this district and my guess is
he did energize some voters he I went to
many polling places yesterday where
there were cars and trucks outside that
had a president Trump sticker on them so
there was no secret to us all along that
he's a competitor that Rick Ciccone is a
competitor and they were gonna make this
a real fight and we were more than
willing to make it a real flight
ourselves so I wasn't surprised by by
him coming here and you know I'm just
really proud of my team for coming out
on top
David Ignatius is in Washington has a
question David mr. lamb you a period of
won by winning the the votes of people
who voted for Donald Trump and I'm
wondering as you head toward Washington
whether you are gonna tell your fellow
Democrats Democrats need to do more of
that across the party look at Trump
voters and try to find ways to speak to
them
well I think we need to do more of that
you know overall taking the president
out of it
we should be working together that is
what people want that's what they expect
and I think they have a right to expect
that so regardless of who the president
is or which party's in control the White
House it's time for us to get some bills
passed you know the basic blocking and
tackling of government that we've always
done transportation and infrastructure
things like Social Security and Medicare
that everybody pays into I really just
think we have to get those things
finished and move on yeah Connor I know
you don't know this Willie nobody knows
that I was actually in Congress once why
do you know that he's that stent there
was a priest and it was yeah but
colorful it was colorful that you know
when I when I ran when I first ran
Connor back in the late 1800s
I went shocked that after knocking on
three or four doors I knocked on about
10,000 doors in that campaign but after
about knocking on three or four or five
doors in Northwest Florida I knew what
was on the mind of most of the people in
that district because I'd hear the same
thing over and over again I'm wondering
since you ran like a grassroots campaign
I'm wondering when you were knocking on
doors when you were visiting people and
their living rooms across Southwest
Pennsylvania what were you hearing what
were the things that that people kept
bringing up what were their biggest
concerns well it probably took me more
than three or four doors Joe and I'm
guessing that you won by more than I did
so you're probably better at this than
me but what I heard overall was I just
kept hearing over and over again work
together work with the other side
do what you say you're gonna do just
really basic things the kind of things I
learned from my dad and my grandfather
to be honest with you so I think that
that people basically want us to just do
the job of representing and they don't
want us to shut down the government they
don't want us to posture or bicker they
want us to to figure these things out
all right Connor lamb congratulations
will say again on your apparent victory
but
certainly is looking good for you though
it was a tough fight congratulations and
good luck
thank you thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
