let's go to that district joining us now
from Mount Lebanon Pennsylvania MSNBC
correspondent Vaughn Hilliard Vaughn
good morning good to see you've been all
over this race is there any scenario by
which at this point rick Ciccone can
come back based on provisional absentee
ballots NBC has called Connor land the
apparent winner what a ciccone gonna do
from here yeah good morning you guys
Rick's the cones general consultant last
night late into the night last night as
Connor land was giving his speech said
that there would be no concession and
there wouldn't be a concession for
several days this could go all the way
to next week is when those provisional
ballots and military ballots those
absentee ballots from Green County those
all won't come in until all the way up
to March 20th and they said it may take
up until then until they make their
decision and Rick's a cone when he took
the stage last night was quite clear
himself about his own intentions you
know we're still fighting the fight it's
not over yet we're gonna fight all the
way to all the way to the end
don't give up and we'll keep it up it
took a little longer than we thought but
we did it I've heard cutter the job
you're running for is the House of
Representatives so if you get down there
do the job do the job
okay I will mission accepted six hours
before IBC called that Connor Lam as you
just saw decided to take him the stage
himself and called the race on his
behalf for Republicans Heidi was
alluding to this earlier outside groups
spent more than ten million dollars to
help out Rick ciccone in this race I
wanted super PAC alone had 80 people to
paid doorknockers here on the ground to
make up for what the campaign didn't
have to put in ten million dollars to
save this sort of a district is a
concern for Republicans the NRCC put in
three point five million dollars the NRC
itself which usually doesn't get
involved financially they put money into
this race at the same time this was big
for Democrats here because this was
their golden opportunity you're talking
about recruiting candidates this was a
guy who fit the district you were
mentioning the guy who said that he was
making a vote for decency that was a
Republican there was also a Republican
woman that I talked to over the weekend
that called Connor Lam every mother's
dream
this was Connor Lam who was you know the
former Marine the former federal
prosecutor everybody knows that story
but also though it came down to those
local issues and I talked to this man
Anthony Ross so I first met on Monday
over in Canonsburg in Washington County
and he at the time he was a trump voter
and he told me he still was unsure how
he was going to vote I called them up
late last night and I asked him and he
told me he cast his vote for Connor Lam
and he said what fried in his words fry
tricks to cones but was his
unwillingness to just concretely say
where he stood with labor in this
district this is a man that worked for
42 years at a sheet and tubing steel
facility in Canonsburg when it shut down
in 2008 and he said ultimately he felt
that Connor Lam while he still supports
Donald Trump was that candidate to
represent pa-18
hmm fascinating well in Hillyard inside
the district also you talked about other
Republican money the president it√≠d
states the Republican president United
States brought in to close the deal at
the last minute and apparently couldn't
get it done Vaughn thanks so much did
not get it done let's go back to Steve
Kornacki looking ahead to the midterm
Steve Kent Democrats pulled clear
lessons here beyond having a candidate
that
the district which they haven't had in
past special elections yeah look I think
the lesson may be it's not just for
Democrats or maybe the indicator that's
the better where the indicator that
comes out of this is you know this is
not an isolated event that we just saw
here in Pennsylvania 18 look at it this
way from the start of Donald Trump's
presidency go back to April 2017 that's
when we had our first congressional
special election of the Trump era you
were then in a district in Kansas that
Trump had won by 27 points and that
special election the Republican one but
the margin fell down to seven points
this is a pattern we've seen a few times
since went out to Montana a couple
months later Trump at one the state by
21 the at-large congressional district
also falls down to 7 again you're seeing
a double-digit swing how about South
Carolina the fifth district Trump and
won it by 19 went all the way down to
three in a special election
you did have Georgia six in here that's
one where Republicans Trump won narrowly
Republicans won narrowly that one's in
there as well but then you know look yet
Alabama Trump won a state Alabama by 28
points Doug Jones ends up eking that
thing out on election night and here we
go this was trumped by 20 and this is
you know basically Democrat by you know
0.3 but you're getting double-digit
swings now excuse me in five of these
congressional senatorial special
elections double-digit swings that
really looks like a trend yeah you know
and Steve the problem is it's really
underlined you've got about a hundred
and twenty districts that are even more
competitive than Pennsylvania eighteen
that the Republicans are now going to
have to try to defend it it used to be
that people said oh you've got thirty
thirty-five districts that are actually
competitive out of 435 Pennsylvania
eighteen shows they're gonna have to be
defending a hundred plus districts I did
not exactly sure how they spread that
money around here's the interesting
thing that's raised by this district the
character of this districts a little
different than what we normally talk
about I think a lot of times we've
looked at these congressional districts
they fall into two categories one is
sort of the Trump surge district where
maybe Republicans you know have either
lost it in the past
arily win and then suddenly they win by
double digits early I'm pointing back at
this I mean I have nothing on there
there's the the trucker's district the
second kind we talk about allies the
opposite it's where there's sort of the
the backlash against Trump we saw it in
2016 think of Georgia 6 where
Republicans normally win big it was very
close with Trump
this is that third variety Republicans
won big with Trump they also won big
with Romney the margin was the same 20
points since the turn of the century
since 2000 this has been a double-digit
Republican district it's not just a
Trump phenomenon that got it there and
yet
Trump's presidency now produces a
Democratic congressman from this
district it has been 20 points across
the board yeah Wow and boy that is a
20-point backlash and if you look at all
the backlash here we're putting up
Kansas for again a 20-point swing
Georgia six a three point Alabama
you've got 15 South Carolina 15 Alabama
Senate 30 now we have another 20 points
wing it's that's quite a backlash
against even just 18 months I know
you've been up all night
thank you Steve yeah thanks so much
please time to go home it was a fun
and again Connor LEM will be our guest
this morning on Morning Joe
fantastic David Ignatius the timing of
so many things that happened yesterday
we were talking about the chaos of this
past week but even yesterday the
president fires Rex Tillerson by tweet
many fires a State Department official
who basically said Rex Tillerson was
telling the truth and didn't line up
with the official spin out of the White
House then we find out another White
House official close to the president
was escorted off the premises and is
under investigation by the Secret
Service for serious financial crimes
it's so much chaos going on as these
voters went to the polls but I've got to
think that a president firing America's
top
top diplomat by Twitter before he even
knows has to be so jarring not only to
our allies across the globe but also to
voters across America as voters went to
the polls yesterday they had this image
of a Washington and Kaos president
behaving in such a almost capricious way
towards somebody who'd worked for him
Joe for me the abiding image of this
Pennsylvania election is Donald Trump on
Saturday speaking to a crowd that was
just roaring its approval
you know just people clapping and
cheering and you might have thought
looking at that that the president's
personality his appeal to his base might
carry the day no in fact he has that
group of supporters 30 to 40 percent who
clap as loud as they can but in the end
it couldn't help keep a district that
has been reliable reliably Republican so
it's sort of that contrast that Trump's
speaking to this narrow group with great
animation and you think gosh he still
got those Trump voters turns out that
yesterday he didn't yes I mean that's a
great point David and for you know all
the people as we said before for his
base that he inspired he was turning off
segments of women voters of black voters
of Hispanic voters of once again
Republicans in suburbs that's the thing
you know every time cable news networks
play Donald Trump speaking for 90
minutes yes it gens up a third of
America but I would suggest that Trump's
actually hurting himself the president's
actually hurting himself because he's
offending all of these groups that have
turned a deep red seat yep throughout
this entire century Jon Meacham into a
blue district now and they've also
elected a young man and my gosh I am so
old he looks like he's about 15
such an old guy but they've they have
they have let Connor Lam in the door a
former prosecutor and a US Marine who
we're gonna be talking about I would
guess you say this I'm just doomed him
he'll be he'll be out next week for the
next 20 years and these you look back
again a look back at what happened in
1974 post watergate
and you look at the generation of
leaders that that 74 off year election
created for democrats i just wonder if
we are not seeing the rebirth of a
National Democratic Party here stay with
me everybody stay with me because
there's the head of no no because you
were finding John that the Democratic
Party has awakened they've gotten smart
and they have a lot of US Marines a lot
of retired military men and women a lot
of people that are fitting their
district that is sort of out of the Seth
Moulton mold that are gonna be tough for
Republicans to paint as people like poor
Rick's of Ciccone tried to paint Connor
Lam
a US Marine as somebody who hates his
country yeah you know Harry Truman had
that 22 years of retirement and he gave
a lot of interviews he talked a lot left
a lot of notes one of the things he left
was the idea that the Democratic Party
or the Republican Party to thrive had to
have people of different ideological
views under the same tent yeah that is
he worried about having two parties that
were ideologically pure fighting each
other he thought that was bad for the
country and right now to go to your
point
maybe the Democrats seem to be in a
better position to actually have some
internal debate that therefore you know
sometimes we think of internal debate is
a sign of dissension and a battle for
the soul it's actually a sign of health
because it was more but that means that
the party's going to present a candidate
that is arguably more representative of
a country going into a general election
and then Oh
into governance than a one-issue
one-note party and that's that's the one
caution I would make about the idea that
the of the wave which I suspect is real
you know in 1982 Reagan gets hammered
gets reelected 1994 famously Bill
Clinton gets drowned in the wave wins in
1996 Barack Obama 10 wins in 12 one of
the things that I think we always have
to remember when we talk about the age
of Trump is that he is a national almost
disembodied brand from the ordinary
conventions of politics and it may be
that he cannot transfer his popularity
his connection to his base to anybody
else but that doesn't mean heading into
a reelection year that he won't be able
to put together a cobble together the
same kind of coalition and I think the
people who are most dedicated to trying
to change the tone of the country need
to be focusing very hard very strongly
on that particular national brand and it
is a reality and a you know Barack Obama
he did not have coattails he got
hammered in ten his party got hammered
in 10 and 14 you could say the same
thing of course about Bill Clinton yeah
and and it does it right now it's not
transferring for Donald Trump and you
wouldn't expect it to transfer for
Donald Trump as we said about Hillary
Clinton she kept thinking she could do
what Bill Clinton did on the campaign
trail she just couldn't do it she wasn't
that candidate and Donald Trump got
elected so now there's no doubt
Democrats could win huge this year and
Donald Trump still has a good chance of
getting a lot of those people that voted
for Connor Lam back on his side because
it's important to remember in that
district Donald Trump still has of 51
percent approval rating but I think
every day every day this president makes
it easier for Democrats and they can
just take a page out of the
Tromp playbook and steal his brand and
just make it make America good again as
this presidency appears to rot all the
way to the core well it's getting easier
I'm not saying you have hockey about
things but you have to have the
candidate stand on a debate stage with
him and and do just that because the
Democrats and the Republicans through
about 20 candidates adding mm-hmm were
able to do it so next we'll get into the
Rex Tillerson timeline this is a huge
story making international headlines how
john kelly reportedly tried to soften
the blow before one of america's highest
ranking officials was publicly and
unceremoniously fired via twitter lily
did that at this point no one can come
on this show on the Republican side and
say you can ignore the president's
Twitter plus that's not an excuse
anymore why the secretary of state may
have company reports say the head of
Veterans Affairs is on shaky ground and
the president is even eyeing another
cabinet secretary to replace him plus
you're always hearing McMasters going
milord
whoever you're watching Morning Joe
we'll be right back with much more
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
