the vitriol and the fight Overbeck
Cavanaugh Supreme Court nomination isn't
just about the allegations against him
it's about a lot of things in many ways
it's about the tribalism in our politics
of today and with everyone in their
corners how far apart we are from one
another is stark dr. Christine Blasi
Ford's defenders can't understand why
Republicans would stand by someone
accused of sexual assault and Kavanaugh
supporters can't understand why
Democrats think allegations from nearly
40 years ago should destroy someone's
career as politico's editor-in-chief
John Harris right rights earlier this
week the mutual incomprehension shines a
light on what has been one of the
recurring themes of American politics
for journalists of my generation the
human capacity to tolerate and even
embrace small lies if they are in
service of someone's larger truth if you
insist this phenomenon does not apply to
you the chances are you are lying at
least to yourself so let's look back at
the history that got us here the Cato
Institute's Roger Kalon writes that the
vote on breath Kavanagh won't solve
America's deeper Supreme Court problems
so this is where I'm trying to get out
and join now by the two authors of these
columns political editor in chief John
Harrison Cato Institute vice-president
for legal affairs
Rodger Hill on and again with you John
talking about the specific versus the
larger culture war that you want to go
on you really go back between Kavanagh
and Ken Starr and the Clinton and the
sort of and the fact that it's a mirror
image argument that the Clinton
defenders of 98 are making Cavanagh
defenders of 18th well the common theme
is in both cases you had people saying I
can't possibly understand how the other
side could tolerate this how they could
think this and usually when you're in
one of those situations where you can't
possibly understand why people would
think the exact opposite of you it says
we're not really in a political fight
we're in a cultural fight in which basic
questions of identity are at stake the
point that I was making in that piece is
Bill Clinton spent a year lying in
pretty obvious ways over what happened
with Monica and it was for short-term
reasons right trying well maybe this is
a way to get it off the page or maybe
this will get people from right what do
you think the motivation was well sure
it was well I think in his case he
thought if he had just come forward and
said yes I did
have a relationship at the very
beginning of that scandal the public
would not have been able to tolerate it
and the whole thing might have burned
down but if we could drag it out with
the turn-on slowly people were prepared
to make a judgement about this and in
fact the literal truth of what he said a
lot of it being false for his side
certainly never for Brett cabin on the
other side but for his side the larger
truth was more important in that view
the larger truth was this is a partisan
investigation and sexual indiscretions
and even wise about sexual indiscretions
are not worthy of evicting a president
that was the large truth and all the
small lies didn't really make that much
difference Roger I was born in 1972 I
lived my whole life in the culture war
of American politics because I think
about it I'd literally I was born the
year of Watergate Bork 15 years later
Clinton ten years later Cavanaugh
you know we're just is this just been
one long I mean it seems to be that's
the argument we're in one long war here
Chuck I was born thirty years earlier
long before the cultural war and it was
great
they let me say that the caring's that
we've had especially the first part of
the hearings where we actually talked
about substance rather than sex were
brought out how deeply divided once
again how deeply divided our we are as a
nation not simply about the role of
government but about the Constitution
itself the reading of the Constitution
and this divide goes way back it goes
back to the Progressive Era when there
was a fundamental take me back to Teddy
Roosevelt back to Teddy Roosevelt to
Woodrow Wilson a great progressive who
saw the Constitution as a straightjacket
he resisted it he didn't like it because
it prevented him from doing the kinds of
things he wanted to do the progressives
were social engineers they wanted to
change the world especially in the
political and economic and social area
through legislation but of course the
Constitution that we had
under now going up 250 years was a
constitution for limited government and
maximizing individual liberty things
came to a head during the New Deal
when Roosevelt's programs one after
another were found unconstitutional what
happened then in 1937 Roosevelt
threatened to pack the court with six
new members the infamous court packing
scheme there was outrage in the country
nevertheless the court got the message
and he began rewriting the Constitution
without benefit of amendment and opening
the floodgates to the modern welfare
state it reduced economic Liberty to a
second-class status and it opened the
door for the Congress to delegate ever
more of its powers to the to the
executive branch the modern executive
state this is the Ben's act of what the
great Ben Sasse opening statement from
the first part of the common sense isn't
a story right she made this case we
wouldn't be fighting this heart of our
Supreme Court just as a congress he
actually compromised that's right if we
had more bents asses in the Congress
believe me if we'd be a better place if
Brett Kavanaugh had worked for Ken Starr
would he be in a easier situation
because there's part of this that says
part of our culture wars is also in
Washington you can't let go of our
grudge I think there's some of that and
we saw it the first time in his
nomination the twelve years ago that's
where the appellate court judge people
remember his history I don't think it's
necessarily unfair to bring that history
but Chuck and I do think God has a
little bit of a sense of humor you look
at it okay criminalize sex and here we
go and I think what Bill Clinton was
basically saying to Ken Starr and all
people who were pursuing him back then
is come on give me a break
you really want to pursue this and
that's exactly and the answer that it
was yes we do because we think there's
something an important involved and now
Cavanaugh is the one saying come on
you're gonna look at my history 36 years
ago give me a break is that relevant yes
we think it is and I think the universe
is more fair than unfair not every
instance is fair but long term there's a
lot of fairness and
I was experiencing that right you know
Roger the I guess the question is this
sort of cold I mean on one hand yes the
Supreme Court has been this vehicle to
fight because we've decided all right
it's going to decide how weather
legislation is stays or goes
I mean we've that's that's what we're
going to do but the larger issue of the
of this culture war we're at the point
where one side I don't think would shed
a tear if something happened to the
other side how do we bridge that divide
I don't know that we can frankly robust
democracy where is that where is the
compromise when one side called it the
Bernie Sanders side of the Democratic
Party once the far left side more
government programs and the other side
the tea party part of the the base of
the Republican Party what remember they
want March in Washington with Sciences
said we want less well that's a long
time since we've seen that but the point
is when we had this culture war that you
spoke of coming out of the Supreme Court
finding its self again in the 50s in the
civil rights movement rightly so in
criminal legislation and so forth then
it started finding rights that were
nowhere to be found and that created the
conservative backlash and the
conservative backlash left us with two
schools conservatives calling for
judicial restraint liberals calling for
judicial activism and that's the
situation that led that conservative
backlash to Ronald Reagan and to
eventually things came to a head with
the nomination of Robert Bork and that's
the start of the modern era of battle
for the court John Harris you have
chronicled the scar tissue of American
politics for a long time how's the
Cavanaugh
what's this Cavanaugh scar going to look
like in a decade you know I think this
cultural war is lasted as you say since
it's been going to good for five decades
now and I think it's going to continue a
good long while
a little bit of historical perspective
Oh Chuck when you were
in 1972 literally people were setting up
bombs and campuses people were rioting
in the streets all there really and in
the 30s of they were cracking heads over
union battles and in the eighteen
fifties people getting caned on the
Senate floor this is part of I think the
American story right that look that
there's violent past you're trying to
sell your selling Jon Meacham sure I
think that I think it's different in
this climate is that we've
commercialized that kind of dissent you
can sell books off it you can get
ratings off it you can raise money off
it I think that's a historically new
phenomenon the commercialization of
extremism that is a great thing to stop
this segment on that's a great point for
people to think about it that bothers me
a lot people that have commercialized
they're outraged anyway
Roger pile on John Harris thank you both
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more beat
two press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us NBC News
MSNBC MTP and the Meet the Press mindset
right here for you on YouTube subscribe
now
