that is all in for this evening on this
insane news day Rachel Maddow starts
right now good evening Rachel good
evening Chris what do you mean insane
III don't even know what happened today
I I keep imagining I just keep seeing
this sort of cinematic scene of the
president's body man like what was it
like a bouncer thing like the scruff of
the neck kind of thing like yeah who's
that happen not allowed to get the
jacket yeah you know and last night when
this reportedly happened it was not not
a warm night in Washington oh yeah this
is theirs I'm feeling that eventually we
will look back on this day and we will
have more clarity about what happened
but right now I agree it feels like a
complete spaghetti dinner and all
related courses thrown up against the
wall from don't try to figure it out
well enjoy oh thanks appreciate it and
thanks to at home for joining us this
hour on what now passes for a totally
normal typical Tuesday in American news
listen I'm gonna cut to the bottom line
right now I tell you that I do not know
why Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was
abruptly fired today and neither do you
and anybody who says they do know well
we're gonna get as close as we can to
that tonight but I right now it is still
a mystery
nevertheless he is out and so I'm going
to do that awkward camera turn right now
so we can add the name of the Secretary
of State to the list of departures of
senior officials from the Trump White
House and the senior ranks of the Trump
administration just in the past couple
of weeks we have had to move my camera
position so that we can show you this
bigger wall so we could make room to add
if we're third column here now on this
wall yeah we were too close before no
were third column we had to add hope
Hicks when she resigned as
communications director we had to add
Josh Rafael when he resigned his deputy
communications director the one who
worked for Jared and Ivanka then we had
Jared and Yvonne cos other friend the
guy who Trump had put in charge of the
office of American innovation that guy
Reid Cordish he was out too in the last
couple
then we had to add the number two
official at the Homeland Security
Department Elaine Duke then we had to
add the top official in the whole US
government on North Korea policy his
last day in the administration after 30
years working on this issue was the
Friday before Trump announced surprise
he's gonna meet with a dictator of North
Korea yeah who needs a specialist on
North Korea policy anymore
then we had the Ambassador to Mexico
also announced that she was leaving
another 30-plus years in the Foreign
Service she was not invited to the
meetings that Jared Kushner took when he
went to Mexico last week and then we had
Gary Coxe
the White House chief economic adviser
also leaving as well so we we've had to
develop this whole new system of trying
to keep this list all in one place now
tonight we've got to squeeze things even
a little bit more because now we've got
to add in drumroll please
the Secretary of State Rex Tillerson who
apparently came back early from a trip
to Africa either because he was tired
and not feeling great or to make sure
he'd be in US airspace by the time he
saw the president's tweet firing him one
of those two depending on who you ask
like I said I don't know why Rex
Tillerson was fired and neither do you
but we're gonna get as close as we can
to that tonight first of all I should
tell you there's some stuff you should
know that is related to the Russia
scandal that pertains to Rex Tillerson
who was just fired as Secretary of State
also some information related to the
Russia scandal that pertains to Mike
Pompeo who is now being nominated to
replace Tillerson at state so we will
get to that stuff right here in just a
second that's a piece of the Tillerson
story that I think is worth considering
but for the real the real skinny for the
real holistic story of what happened
here today and and why and why now we
are going to be talking tonight on this
show to the reporter who has covered
this beat better and longer than anybody
else in the business one of the legends
of this industry that reporter is going
to be here live with us in just a moment
and I think she can get us closer to
anybody else that explained it to
explaining why Rex Tillerson was forced
out today
before I get away from the wall though I
do also have to add a couple more names
first of all we've got to squeeze in the
number four guy at the State Department
the Undersecretary of State for public
diplomacy and public affairs his name is
Steve Goldstein he was fired today -
apparently in relation to the Rex
Tillerson firing Goldstein put out a
statement explaining that Rex Tillerson
hadn't known he was being fired until he
saw the president's tweet about it this
morning so then I guess the number four
job at the State Department he was fired
today after Rex Tillerson we'll have
more on that in a moment we also had to
make room on our big wall today for the
head of NASA the NASA Administrator who
was approved by the Senate during the
Obama administration was a former
astronaut named Charles Bolden he
resigned as NASA Administrator the day
Trump was sworn in as did the deputy
administrator of NASA the Trump nominee
to become the new head of NASA looks
like he probably will not be able to get
confirmed in the Senate so we've had an
Acting Administrator all this time and
today the Acting Administrator of NASA
the guy running NASA he just quit also
we just lost the head of the u.s. Forest
Service in the face of multiple
allegations of sexual misconduct and
there's more we also lost the personal
assistant to the president today he
didn't so much as resign as he
apparently got marched out of the White
House now this one is a strange story
for a bunch of reasons first let me just
show you a picture of this man this is
not Rob Porter Rob Porter was the White
House staff secretary he was the guy who
was pushed out a month ago because of
serious domestic violence charges
against him this is not Rob Porter this
is Johnny McEntee for the record it is
Johnny McEntee on the left it is Rob
Porter on the right they look so much
alike that they have been mistaken for
one another in national newspaper
captions and on television more than
once but Rob Porter was the staff
secretary with the domestic violence
charges he's the one on the right Johnny
McEntee is the one on the left he was
personal assistant to the president
until last night for some reason he was
hustled out
of the white house look at how much they
look like each other so the Wall Street
Journal was first to break the news that
mr. McEntee was out and in dramatic
fashion quote President Donald Trump's
personal assistant John McEntee was
fired and escorted from the White House
on Monday mr. McEntee had been a
constant presence at mr. Trump's side
for the past three years he made sure
mr. Trump had markers to sign autographs
delivered messages to him in the White
House residence and over the weekend
ensured that the clocks in the White
House residence were adjusted for
daylight savings time but then suddenly
poof gone quote mr. McEntee was removed
from the White House grounds Monday
afternoon with that without being
allowed to collect his belongings he
left without his jacket according to a
White House official what came up so
suddenly that on Saturday night he's
changing the White House residence
clocks for daylight savings time and as
for today he had been booked onboard the
president's flight to California but
then something came up that fast and
yesterday afternoon they ran him out of
the White House without even letting him
get his jacket now again Wall Street
Journal was first on this story what
they're reporting is that mr. McEntee
was denied a security clearance over
financial problems in his background
people close to mr. McEntee said problem
the problems related to online gambling
and miss handling of his taxes those
problems prevented him from gaining the
clearance necessary for his job
according to one law enforcement
official the Secret Service is now
investigating mr. McEntee for these
issues so today we have added the
Secretary of State the Undersecretary of
State for public diplomacy the NASA
Administrator the head of the Forest
Service and the president's personal
assistant we have gone to the big wall
and three columns anybody else going
tonight well actually I should let you
know that MSNBC is Nicole Wallace stands
by her multiple source reporting that
Trump's second national security adviser
after Mike Flynn HR McMaster is due out
any day now is due out by the end of the
month and I should also tell you that a
whole bunch
news outlets got wind at the same time
we did today that the embattled
Secretary of Veterans Affairs David
Shulkin may also be on the way out
reportedly to potentially be replaced by
Rick Perry who it's still amazing is the
current Secretary of Energy I have to
tell you though honestly there is so
much palace intrigue and manufactured
outrage and aggressive spin on David
Shulkin at Veterans Affairs right now
that I think just watching the stuff
around Shulkin I think it's very hard to
separate the speculation about his
departure from the wishes and
insinuations of people who are trying to
arrange for his departure so on the
Shulkin news tonight a lot of people are
talking about this but grain of salt
there hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
