thing one tonight President Trump
finally got to see prototypes for his
border wall eight of them constructed at
the San Diego site as is often the case
the president latched on to certain key
elements the problem is you have to have
see-through you have to know what's on
the other side of the wall tell them
what do you think about the importance
of see-through so we'll look at it the
walls we have some three really some
see-through capability if you don't have
some see-through it's a problem I mean
we're looking very much at the wall with
some see-through capability on the other
side what if you made the wall out of
the same fabric out of which you
constructed the Emperor's clothes
just the thought the president also
noted the importance of a wall you
cannot climb it's really deterrent from
getting over the top who would think
we're getting over the top is easy these
are like professional mountain climbers
you're incredible climbers yeah in
professional Mountain Kleiner's and you
got to see them throughout the day the
president stressed the effectiveness of
the wall in percentage terms so that's
95 percent with a scrap metal wall but
at least it's ups 90 95 percent when we
put up the real world we're gonna stop
99 percent maybe more than that it'll be
99.5 percent successful 99.5 maybe a
hundred and two percent just throwing
that number out there what about the big
beautiful door the infamous big
beautiful door in the wall the president
used to talk about well maybe they can
model that on the $139,000 doors that
everyone is raving about over the
Interior Department that's thing to in
60 seconds so when it comes to the one
hundred and thirty nine thousand dollars
spent on new office doors for interior
secretary Ryan's at Keys Office suite
and a $12,000 charter flight he took
from Las Vegas back to his home state of
Montana last summer
senator Maria Cantwell of Washington in
Zinke Senate hearing today had some
questions
Ziggy gave some dignity and somewhat
incoherent answers while my constituents
are hearing about private jet
inexpensive doors they want to
understand why someone is proposing to
raise park fees at this level we took a
private jet home from Las Vegas do you
think that was a mistake
well first insults any windows are
misleading I never took a private jet
anywhere so I resent the fact of your
insults I resent the fact that
misleading I resent the fact that the
doors and I'll go through line by line
he did just say I resent the fact doors
Secretary's inky's use of charter
flights as the subject investigations
his response to congressional oversight
of the fact that his office spent one
hundred thirty nine thousand dollars on
doors is I resent the fact doors these
the people who get to keep their jobs in
the Trump administration insults any
windows are misleading so I resent the
fact of your insults I resent the fact
they're misleading I resent the fact
that the doors
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
