joining me now is John McLoughlin former
acting director of the CIA he's also an
NBC News national security analyst mr.
McLaughlin welcome back to the show sir
good to see you chuck so let me start
with this just the basic reaction to
this shake up we could talk about how it
was done
what's the war how do you believe the
world is reacting to this decision well
I think they're puzzled but
fundamentally if you're a foreign
government leader you're going to say
well this guy Pompeo moving to the State
Department means that the Secretary of
State will probably now be someone who
will reflect the president's views or at
least speak for the president when he
speaks the CIA change will probably
leave them a little puzzled unless you
know Gina Haspel and many people do and
they will think I think positively that
well there's a professional in charge of
the CIA that that's probably a good
thing and matilda-san was always a
puzzling character to me on the one hand
he seemed to have sensible views you've
talked about this many times he seemed
to be on the right page in many respects
but he never seemed to grasp what Pompeo
grasp at the CIA which is that you need
a fully staffed agency to make policy
and to make it run and never seemed to
understand that he needed to surround
himself with professionals and and that
may have been part of his undoing if not
the whole thing I would say the other
thing that Pompeo is figured out that
Tillerson hasn't is yeah there's one
person that matters more than any and
Pompeyo has forged a very personal
relationship with the president he
delivers the PDB himself so he has all
this face time he's built a rapport and
confidence if anything every Rex
Tillerson anecdote was about how he was
building a rapport with general Kelley
or building a rapport with general
mattis or building a rapport with
general Dunford never with the president
yeah that's right Pompeyo right from the
beginning focused on the president as on
the CIA has always said this as customer
number one mm-hmm and figured out you
know every president absorbs information
in a different way and he apparently
figured out how this president absorbed
information which I gathered from what
we know is largely through conversation
and graphics and anecdotes and pompay
was figured that out and I think
delivered that part of his brief very
well what does this mean for the Iran
deal it obviously we now have somebody
Pompeo was a big critic of it from the
beginning he's made no bones about his
views on it I think he his personal
views are closer to the president than
perhaps Rex Tillerson views yeah I think
that's right certainly if we look at
what he did when he was in the Congress
that is absolutely true I would think
that he would pick up the the job that
that the president gave to the State
Department that is to work with the
Europeans and the other parties to the
agreement to see if it can be amped up
or changed in some way that would make
it more acceptable to the president I
think that personally I think that's
kind of a fool's errand because the
agreement from my perspective is a
pretty good one and you know in the
Europeans and the the others involved
particularly the Russians and Chinese
have no stomach for messing with it so I
think that's going to be a tough job and
as usual I think the president's painted
himself into a bit of a corner because I
don't think that's going to get done and
next time the recertification comes up
he may find himself in the position of
oops that didn't work out right at the
same time you know there are other
people in the government going to be
advising him about that including the
CIA and including secretary mattis so
there gonna be that's gonna be in motion
one more issue on timing of this you
know it was interesting yesterday I
believe Rex Tillerson was the
highest-ranking American official that
sort of reinforced the UK's findings and
the UK's blame finger pointing at the
Russians for what they did for
essentially saying the Russian
government is needs to prove that they
basically the burden is on them to prove
that they weren't behind this attempted
assassination of an of annex Russian spy
on on UK soil the timing of that I know
the president has since reinforced and
he says for the
part he concurs with whatever Prime
Minister may is going to find does that
rattle a lies at all I think it does
I think it's shameful that the president
hasn't spoken more forcefully on that
and good on Tillerson for doing it you
know my dad retired 24 hours now you
know that Wow yeah yeah well you know he
gets fired but if that was the cause it
was for a good cause I think back to
9/11 and I think back to the of course I
was on the seventh floor at the CIA at
that time on the very next day the
leaders of the British intelligence
community literally showed up physically
in our headquarters to embrace us offer
their support and and they were with us
a hundred percent and right in our faces
with it
so that's what we should be doing with
the British now from the top of our
government all the way down and so good
on Tillerson for doing that even if it
got him fired and you do think it is
sending do you think the Russians are is
happy because whether it was for that
reason or not they can spin spin it that
it is they can I mean who knows exactly
why Putin is doing what he's done here I
think it's a combination of things he's
doing it in part because he can there
are no consequences for him as an
authoritarian leader in Russia it's a
habit the Russians have that goes all
the way back to the revolution of
knocking someone off areata Clee
so but I think it's a shameful thing
when it happens in an allied country I'd
be surprised if Britain asks for article
5 in NATO of the South you know that
that provision of the NATO treaty but I
wouldn't be surprised in fact I would
hope that they would ask for article 4
under which there ought to be there can
be a NATO discussion of this and what to
do about it which would be a healthy
thing I think and put this
administration you know in a position
where it has to play all right John
McLaughlin former director of the CIA
and the C News national security analyst
thanks for making time for me today I
appreciate it Thank You Chuck hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can
click subscribe just below me or click
over on this list to see lots of other
great videos
