Mike Pompeo from the CIA will face
another confirmation hearing for his new
position so let's take a look at the new
nominee to be Secretary of State Mike
Pompeo graduate graduated first in his
class from West Point in 1986 spending
five years in the Army after that he
served as a congressman representing
Kansas starting in 2011 until he was
chosen to serve as president Trump's CIA
director now during his time in Congress
Pompeyo took issue with a 2014 report in
which Senate Democrats were critical of
enhanced interrogation techniques like
waterboarding torture in a statement
Pompeo said these men and women are not
torturers they are patriots the
program's being used were within the law
within the Constitution now in his
confirmation hearing last year he
softened his stance on torture if you
were ordered by the President to restart
the CIA's use of enhanced interrogation
techniques that fall outside of the Army
Field Manual would you comply senator
absolutely not there's no doubt in my
mind about the limitations it places not
only on the DoD but on the Central
Intelligence Agency and I'll always
comply with the law
now last year amid reporting that
questioned whether the president read
his daily intelligence briefing
Pompeyo discussed his method of boiling
down intelligence reports into three
buckets keeping the presentations to
around 30 or 40 minutes that arrangement
is likely one of the things that brought
Pompeo stock up in the president's eyes
now on the pressing issue of North Korea
Pompeyo has been in his boss's corner
earlier this year he gave a talk about
the u.s. commitment to containing and
limiting the North Korean regimes
nuclear and intercontinental ballistic
missile capabilities and just a few days
ago after the president made the
surprise announcement that he would meet
with the North Korean dictator
Pompeyo said no concessions were made to
kim jeong-hoon ahead of those announced
talks another point is the Iran nuclear
deal
Pompeyo has floated the idea of rolling
the deal back something the u.s. cannot
do unilaterally and has called Iran a
thuggish police state comparing it to
Isis Tillerson was not in favor of roll
back the Iran deal and one point of
contention could be Russia's meddling in
the u.s. election while the president
has gone back and forth about Russia's
involvement
Pompeyo has firmly declared it as a fact
along with other intelligence heads over
the weekend he flatly called Vladimir
Putin's denial of Russian meddling false
if confirmed
Pompeyo would be fourth in the
presidential line of succession joining
me live on the phone is flown is Lou
Berg news foreign policy reporter Nick
Wadhams who was on the plane with Rex
Tillerson as he came back from his
overseas trip Nick you and your fellow
reporters had no clue that Tillerson
knew that he was being sacked that's
correct I mean if you look back though
despite the State Department's
insistence that he was blindsided by
this if you look back there were a few
unusual things for anything he never
spoke with us on the record in the past
but on this trip he did come back and
speak with us for about 15 or 20 minutes
on the record that was very unusual for
him his comments about Russia were also
unusually harsh for him he said he'd
basically given up hope on Russia and
then when you connect that with other
facts from his trip he cut it short by a
day which struck us was odd he also told
us he had taken a late-night phone call
at one point during the trip he refused
to say what that was about and then
there was that day when he basically
said he fell ill and spent the day sort
of shuddered in his hotel room the
suggestion an hour that maybe he was
fighting for his job at that point you
had mentioned that at some point he had
talked about getting a phone call in the
middle of the night on Friday his time
where you guys were traveling and that
he said he couldn't talk about it yeah I
mean there were so there were two phone
calls the first phone call he got at
about 3:00 a.m. his time Friday which
was the Kim jong-un announced but so the
president blindsided him once by telling
him he was going to agree to a meeting
they agreed to the meeting with Kim
jong-un immediately and then the next
night he got a second phone call and he
I asked him specifically what was that
call about and what was so pressing that
he needed to discuss and he said I'm not
going to tell you but
he did say he'd only got about four
hours of sleep in 72 hours of being in
Africa and he just felt like he needed
to be back so you know it's hard to
imagine that there was anything else
that would hold him back other than his
desire to fight for his job and Nick
Andrew Mitchell had also commented to us
that it was unusual for him to give on
the record interviews he's not been
entirely forthcoming as Secretary of
State in fairness even as CEO of Exxon
Mobil he didn't give a lot of interviews
did that strike you as strange and did
he give you any clue of anything or you
feel like he just needed to get stuff
off his chest it did strike us as
strange as strange at the time because
you know I've been on four or five trips
to the secretary and on every one of
those trips we Bank his staff that gives
him to us to speak with us on the record
to talk about the trip and he never
speaks to us on the record unless in
press availability situations except
only very very rarely so it was quite
surprising when we were told hey
actually the secretary is going to come
back and talk to you guys and it's going
to be on the record so that was that was
definitely interesting it did strike us
at the time and then looking back
obviously the Russia comments I also
asked him about whether he felt you
would be useful to the president in the
kim jeong-hoon negotiations because he's
spent so much time negotiating with a
sort of crazy cast of characters over
the years and he said yes he's supremely
confident in his own abilities as a
negotiator which strikes me as a little
bit of you know selling himself trying
to stay in the job I'm Nick thanks for
joining us with us insight Nick Wadhams
is a foreign policy reporter with a
Bloomberg hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
