The Washington Post just at 8:40 a.m.
two minutes ago with this breaking news
Trump else Secretary of State Rex
Tillerson will replace him with CIA
director Mike Pompeo president Trump has
out stood Secretary of State Rex
Tillerson and replaced him with CIA
director Mike Pompeo orchestrating a
major change to his national security
team amid delicate negotiations with
North Korea White House officials said
Tuesday the Washington Post goes on and
says Tillerson has made public remarks
last year insisting he was not planning
to quit despite persistent reports of
disagreements between him and the White
House over staffing issues at the State
Department and a disconnect over what
President Trump saw as Tillerson 'he's
conventional approach to policy matters
so so we we will get back to
Pennsylvania in one moment but KDK
obviously a lot of disruption this
Secretary of State has never been in the
the inner circle of Donald Trump even
during the transition Jared Kushner was
running around making all of the
contacts or most of the contacts with
foreign leaders and and ambassadors and
shuffling those calls and Tillerson
never really connected with the State
Department community either a lot of
criticism that this Exxon CEO as
Secretary of State
acted like an Exxon CEO had never really
figured out how to fit into his job and
certainly never figured out how to get
along with the commander-in-chief right
and he was distancing himself from the
president even yesterday on a trip to
Africa where he came out talking about
that potential North Korea meeting kind
of throwing cold water on the idea
saying look there's an awful lot to be
sorted out still we don't have a time we
don't have a place and time and again he
didn't seem to be on the same page as
the president you know this Joe it's
extremely important for a president to
have somebody in the position of
Secretary of State who foreign allies
and adversaries know that when they are
talking to that person he or she
absolutely represents the Oval Office
and the President and Donald Trump
didn't have that relationship with Rex
Tillerson it's part of the reason that
foreign allies have found it extremely
difficult to deal with this
administration by the way during his
flight from Chad the Secretary of State
Rex Tillerson also told reporters on
that plane about relations with Russia
he said quote I've become extremely
concerned about Russia we spent most of
last year investing a lot into attempts
to work together to solve problems to
address differences and quite frankly
after a year we didn't get very far
instead what we've seen is a pivot on
their part to be more aggressive and
this is very very concerning to me and
others that there seems to be a certain
unleashing of activity that we don't
fully understand what the objective
behind that is this is critical Joe this
came in response to the spy poisoning in
the UK where the White House yesterday
said we stand by our allies but
pointedly didn't mention Russia in the
context of that investigation Rex
Tillerson add odds again with the White
House yesterday on the issue of Russia
saying that he was very concerned about
Russia and about Russia in the context
of that particular incident I don't know
if that's what tipped the president over
the edge but it's very interesting if
it's Russia that did this and the
president's continuing inability to
criticize President Putin Moscow even in
the face of what is happening right now
in the United Kingdom with the
possibility that Moscow is behind that
attack on the former spy then that would
make a very big difference between
Tillison and the president you have to
ask wise president Trump again finding
it so difficult to criticize Moscow to
the extent that the Secretary of State
and him were on such different pages
that now we have Rex Tillerson out of
office peggy noonan as was said just a
couple of minutes ago it is so critical
that you have a Secretary of State that
is walking lockstep with the president
the United States yeah George
and here's Donald Trump confirming it
now Mike Pompeo director of the CIA will
become our new Secretary of State he
will do a fantastic job thank you to Rex
Tillerson for his service
Jeana Haspel will now become the new
director of the CIA and the first woman
so chosen congratulations to also Gina
Haskell Donald Trump says will become
the next director of the CIA so Peggy as
we talked about secretaries of state you
look back Ronald Reagan's second term
and certainly during George HW Bush's
presidency and when foreign leaders saw
James Baker the third walk into their
offices they knew that Baker was
speaking for Ronald Reagan and George HW
Bush I don't think anybody's ever been
able to draw that conclusion when Rex
Tillerson walked into their offices know
it all looked so much more tentative and
provisional than that I just think this
is quite obviously a huge story it's
more shock to the system more disruption
within the administration on the Russia
angle it's so interesting I had just
read this morning tiller 'sons comments
on Russia is he found newly aggressive
in some way that that he suggested
needed some pushback but Tillerson
himself has never been a hardliner about
Russia I mean he goes back with Putin a
long time they've had a very good
relationship when Tillison first came in
and met with Putin he said you know I
used to wear my other hat for Exxon now
I'm wearing this hat but he's not a hard
bargain
in Russia and yet he's sounding very
hard line now and he's out of a job I
think the big story over the next few
days will how did this go down at what
point did this start happening how
connected to it is is North Korea and
the meeting with Kim
everybody likes Mike Pompeo that part of
the story will go well but even though
it's a funny thing even though everybody
is thought for a long time Rex Tillerson
specimens not secure there was no sense
that boy this is going to happen right
now this is coming this is happening
well it has happened and let's go to
David Ignatius on the phone right now
David there have been reports over the
past week or so starting with hope Hicks
announcing that she was going to be
leaving that Donald Trump was going to
be untethered and that we would be
seeing actually a more erratic Trump in
the future and just since those reports
started breaking we've seen steel
tariffs aluminum tariffs we've and and
we've obviously seen the president
pushing for a meeting with kim
jeong-hoon with no preconditions and now
Rex Tillerson leaving the State
Department what are your initial
thoughts so this one of those events
that's a shock but at the same time
isn't surprising at all as last fall we
know that President Trump just didn't
feel comfortable with Rex Tillerson is
the Secretary of State there was just a
basic personality disconnect we know
that last fall Mike Pompeo was asked if
he was ready to step in as Secretary of
State and said yes he was so the idea
that they'd make this change that goes
back that far
I asked what prompted the final coup de
Grasse the final moment it's going to
take some reporting over the next couple
of days to be to be clear on that things
that I would just know one is that
President as with secretary Attorney
General Sessions it just has repeatedly
isolated and humiliated his Secretary of
State the most recent example obviously
is the decision to go forward on North
Korean negotiations
Torsten looked really caught out on that
an impossible situation for a second
secretary of state to be in
and I think a trompe heads towards this
crucial foreign policy moment of his
presidency he must want to have his own
team I've heard that Pompeyo in the
situation rooms is the person really now
speaks with the most confidence as the
president's advisor the center weighed
in the administration increasingly I
think has shifted from Tillerson allied
with maddis to trump allied with Pompeo
so in that sense Trump will have
somebody Secretary of State who really
speaks for them and the whole world will
know that but the other detail that's
why now what specifically what
connection to Russia we need to do the
reporting we need to do the reporting
and Andrea Mitchell is with us let me
let's bring in Andrea and Andrea David
Ignatius was talking about a disconnect
between the president and the Secretary
of State Rex Tillerson also obviously a
a massive disconnect between the
Secretary of State and the professionals
at this today at the State Department I
suspect there will be few tears shed
over the State Department today on the
sacking of Rex Tillerson it's been a
rocky ride for the Secretary of State
and the State Department officials
hasn't it the professionals well you
know the irony is it has been a very
rocky ride but there is another element
here and I think there will be a lot of
concern there'll be a lot of concern
because in many ways Rex Tillerson was
at least on policy issues more in line
with the traditional diplomacy than
anyone else in the administration and
most recently and this is what's so
remarkable he landed at 4:00 a.m. this
morning at Andrews Air Force Base
cutting short his trip to Africa by one
day I was checking last night and we
were all told it was to come back and he
in fact sit on the plane it was to
return early because of all of the Korea
everything else that was going on he had
to get back to work he had his father
had died the week before so he has not
been in the State Department for two
full weeks but the real policy
disagreement that happened
yesterday and this is something that I
think David Ignatius and all of you
should jump on it's not just the way the
Korea issue was rolled out but yesterday
Sara Sanders came out to the briefing
room and refused to sign on to what
Theresa May had said about Russia's
involvement in the poisoning of the
Russian spies and Rex Tillerson not only
put out a statement last night but he
went on the record with the traveling
press corps and we were posting when
they refueled in Cape Verde last night
at about 7 o'clock we were posting a
series of very strong statements saying
that it would appear that it was Russia
that did it and he said it's not clear
yet whether it was the Russian
government but that this had to be
investigated he was aligning with the
very strong statement that Theresa may
had made which is arguably under some
interpretations an act of war under the
NATO treaty if it is the Russian
government yeah completely in contact
with what was said at the White House
briefing so a lot of us thought well
Tillerson is now describing the policy
as if it was intelligence that others
have confirmed and it is our closest
ally it would strike me that sareth
Anders didn't agree with what to Rita
Mae had says this is the most recent
disagreement and this was at seven
o'clock last night as he was flying back
right and Thank You Andrea so much and
you know what's interesting Sam Stein is
that Mike Pompeo though did testify
before Congress not so long ago that
Russia was trying to interfere with the
election for the benefit of Donald Trump
and really quickly let's just talk a
little bit about Mike Pompeo who's the
the president's putting forward as
Secretary of State
Pompeyo from the very beginning
had Donald Trump's respect Trump the
president throughout the transition
we're talking glowing terms of Mike
Pompeo because of his education because
of his background he he did graduate
from ret West Point he excelled at
Harvard Law School he was editor the
Harvard Law Review and was an attorney
at Williams and Connolly this former
congressman from Kansas and current
director of the CIA has all of those
East Coast credentials that not only
this president but most presidents would
want in their cabinet members he is he
is not a wild man from out west he has
gone to one east coast he's been in one
East Coast establishment institution
after another and is excelled has been
at the top of his class wherever he went
I mean the other the resume what he
doesn't have is the traditional
experience you know six term congressman
I believe maybe I'm getting that wrong
obviously army grad Harvard Law and he's
run the CIA which is not the same as
running the State Department obviously
very little diplomatic experience but to
be honest Rex Tolson had known himself
so this is the second semi
unconventional choice that Trump's made
to run foggy bottom and it will be a
open question as whether Mike Pompeo
will have a less rocky tenure than Rex
Tolson and you can see that he will at
least have a smoother relationship with
Trump because he knows how to relate to
the president I think he's more savvy
when it comes to working for instance
Cable News which is a huge thing for
anyone in this administration I would
add one clarification point to what
Andrew was talking the Washington Post
report on till ursins firing or
dismissal whatever you want to call it
it says specifically that it happened on
Friday which means that when he made his
comments about Russia on Monday and
about Putin's involvement in potentially
poisoning this spy he was not he was
being liberated he said them as a freer
man
not that those comments were facilitated
is firing which leads the suggestion or
the implication that somewhere down line
we don't know when we will hear again
from Rex Tillerson a Rex Tosun has seen
a lot in his experience lot including a
lot of humiliations at the hand of this
president and perhaps we haven't heard
the last of Rex Tosun yeah caddy K a
White House official has said the
following about the dismissal of Rex
Tillerson the president wanted to make
sure to have his new team in place in
advance of the upcoming talks with North
Korea and various ongoing trade
negotiations there is no doubt caddy
that that when you look across the globe
North Korea is the most pressing problem
for this American president during the
transition when Barack Obama met with
Donald Trump he said you can worry about
Obamacare all you want to but what's
going to be keeping you up at night is
going to be our crisis that we the
ongoing crisis in North Korea it does
make sense as you move towards a meeting
with kim jeong-hoon
you want the people that you trust in
place to prepare for that meeting yeah
this is an incredibly high-stakes gamble
that the president is taking he is
giving Kim jong-un the possibility of a
photo opportunity that confers some kind
of legitimacy on North Korea and if
these talks don't work they've sort of
boxed themselves into a corner of having
to take some kind of military action
afterwards because there'll be no more
room for diplomacy consistently Rex
Tillerson has been the one who has been
skeptical in public about the prospect
of talks with the North Koreans he is
consistently rode back on that idea he
did it when he was out in Asia he did it
again
just last week that puts him at odds
with the president on this critical
meeting and I suspect that may be behind
it it's interesting that two listens
Russia comments come after he was fired
as Sam suggests maybe he was liberated
it seems like it's North Korea not
Russia that was the breaking point for
president Trump well and perhaps a White
House official statement that the
president wanted his team in place
before he met with North Korean leader
actually could also be something that
that makes an awful lot of sense
there's been no doubt that the president
has not had faith and Rex Tillerson as
the Secretary of State for some time and
it has had faith in Mike Pompeo and has
wanted to move Mike Pompeo from the CIA
over to the State Department
well now that's exactly what the
president tells us he is going to do
after the Washington Post broke this
story at 8:40 a.m. this morning that
does it for us
