in Pennsylvania following the Alabama
Senate shocker that saw the Republicans
actually losing a Senate seat there for
the first time in twenty years well
today all attention turns from one trump
state to another Trump region that is of
course today when voters go to
Pennsylvania and they head to the polls
to cast their ballot in the state's
closely watched 18th congressional
district special election a new Monmouth
University poll shows Democrat Connor
Lam with a slight edge of a Republican
Rick Ciccone who has just been trashed
by absolutely everybody in the
Republican Party they say he is a
horrific candidate well in three
different voting models this is what you
see lamb lead Ciccone 51 to 45 percent
if today's turnout matches the
Democratic enthusiasm that was seen in
other special elections over the past
year even if the turnout is higher or
lower lamb still leads although by
varying margins of course as we've said
Donald Trump on that district by 20
points and 2016 Mitt Romney did about as
well in 2012 against Barack Obama but
yesterday the chairman of Pennsylvania's
Republican Party had this explanation
for why the race is so close you have to
remember this is a Democrat district
notwithstanding the fact that the
president won this by 20 points it's a
Democrat district well but take a closer
look at the numbers and shows that that
statements not exactly true besides
supporting Trump in 2016 the district is
backed Republican presidential
candidates by double digits and the
prior two elections in 2012 Mitt Romney
by 17 percent and then by 20 percent in
2008 and it's former House Republican
Tim Murphy first elected in 2002 won by
even larger margins yesterday on the
final day of campaigning the president's
son Don junior hit the trail with a
candidate Rick's account at one event
ciccone made this assertion about his
political opponents
they said that the other side is
energized let me tell you they're
energized for hate for our president
I've talked to so many of these on the
left and they they have a hatred for our
president I tell you many of them have a
hatred for our country and I tell you
some more my wife and I saw it again
today they have a hatred for God you see
it when I'm talking to them it's a it's
disturbing to me we're not saying that
Rick's a cone at this point is
extraordinarily desperate to claim that
anybody not voting for him not only
hates America but also hates God but let
me just say Rick Ciccone is desperate
and that's pathetic too I mean that's
you know it's just one more example of
what what's wrong with American politics
where you actually go on a campaign to a
campaign event and you say that if
you're not voting for me then somehow
you don't love God somehow you don't
love the country we'll see how that
works for him tonight
let's bring in right now from McKeesport
Pennsylvania we have MS NBC
correspondent Vaughn hillier Vaughn
you've been out there talking to a lot
of voters I suspect you probably talked
to some voters that are gonna be voting
for a veteran Connor lamb who don't hate
God and who don't hate America but I
suppose that speech you could give us
some insight and in just how I I won't
say desperate the candidate is but let's
just say how long the defense of Rick
Ciccone and the rest of the Republican
establishment in Pennsylvania are this
morning heading into this really
important election Joe Rick Ciccone is
no Rory more but it's it's it's striking
how similar of a campaign he's running
here in this final week and what is
striking about this is the reliance on
for Rick secona Donald Trump and the
kind of the Trump is stick style of
campaigning here in these waning days
this last week he has had a very
defensive campaign calling Connor lambs
resume a super-thin resume that the
media is trying to to over blow Connor
was a former federal prosecutor a former
Marine is this interesting to hear
Ciccone go with that sort of rhetoric
then you heard yesterday in that rally
that was his closing speech there when
he's talking about the other side hating
God and hating this country and I think
what should note is that the Republican
candidates we've seen any special
elections over the last year relying on
Donald Trump is striking because when
you go and talk to these voters these
voters are not purely aligned with just
because what Donald Trump says is what
they're gonna do in this race there are
local issues you go down to Green County
this was a place that Donald Trump won
by 40 percentage point but I was down
there and I was talking with Daniel and
elke Miller these are two Democrats that
had supported Democrats in the past but
voted for Donald Trump they said they
still support the president but they're
gonna be backing Connor Lam Green County
is a place back in 2008 that Barack
Obama lost by just 100 votes but then
what would we see just two years ago it
went by 40 percent so there's a
willingness among the electorate to
change you go to Allegheny County this
is the suburbs outside of Pittsburgh
there you go and I talked to Pleasant
Hills former mayor Republican mayor a
gentleman that's now in his 80s along
with his wife Eileen and they both told
me they are Republicans have never voted
Democrat and what are they doing they're
going to go and be voting for Conor lamb
and that simply standing by Donald Trump
is not good enough you've got to be a
candidate you've got to stand up on your
own record at this point Joe
all right Vaughn thank you so much we
really appreciate it and we'll hopefully
be able to be get getting back to you
and getting some more insights on this
this race a really important race Jim
VandeHei you know it's so interesting
and I saw it firsthand if you're going
to attack somebody you need to make sure
that those attacks have some basis and
real in reality and if you don't then
people stop listening to you it's like
in my first campaign my opponent
attacked me and they and said that I was
an extreme right-wing religious
conservative well I was also swearing on
talk radio at the time when I got a
really Mike Pence I was not and then
later the attack was that I was a rock
star in the full-page ad was do you want
to send a rock star to Capitol Hill well
anybody that's ever heard me play music
knows I know rock star but
they were just swinging wildly and
trying to attack me and nothing stick
stuck in this case you've got a
candidate in Rick ciccone who is calling
a former federal prosecutor and the
United States Marine and his supporters
he's saying that that he hates God his
supporters hate God and his supporters
hate the country because they're voting
for a United States Marine and a former
federal prosecutor
I mean how desperate is that and how
likely is that to backfire on Rick's
account I don't even know that it's
surprising it's basically we've talked
about this over and over this is Donald
Trump's party now if you look at his
message in the final week it's not about
tax cuts
it's about sanctuary cities it's about
being weak on crime it's about being
anti America anti God like those things
they believe are what will resonate with
the people who turned out for Donald
Trump that the Republicans need to turn
out in this race to be able to hold a
seat that they should hold the president
doesn't like this candidate the
Republicans don't like this candidate
but it is a seat they should be able to
hold and when you have outside groups
pouring ten million dollars in basically
all the mechanics of the campaign would
suggest Republicans would win this and
potentially win it rosalie so when you
feel like you're not going to you try to
get people motivated and fear as an
awesome motivator in politics and it's
been the template that worked well for
Trump and that we've seen not just in
this race in other races look what
happened in Virginia and those in at the
end of that campaign we get Eddie
Gillespie suddenly coming in and talking
about sanctuary cities like it's the
hottest issue and the thing that's on
the burning in the people's minds it's
not for most people Confederate and
Confederate statues I mean it's really I
mean Edie gal sp we've known ed forever
ed Gillespie's talking about Confederate
statues I mean what Ed Gillespie is
found out and what Rick succumbed we'll
find out is again it's just like Bill
Clinton what worked for Bill Clinton
worked for Bill Clinton and nobody else
what worked for Barack Obama worked for
Barack Obama and nobody else what works
for Donald Trump does not work for Rick
and it isn't it amazing that the
Republicans haven't figured that out and
also think about Jim all the money they
have wasted on this race on Alabama on
on Virginia I mean they are burning
through a ton of money that candidates
could use in the fall and they're
getting absolutely nothing out of it
well one note of caution it might work
we don't know that the election hasn't
taken place the polls don't read for
Republicans but as you know in these off
year elections are very difficult to
poll it's hard to figure out who's
actually going to turnout it's possible
Republicans win tonight and if they win
tonight then people will look at this
template and say hey the Trump formula
works and more and more people will
adopt that and so I think it's good the
race is going to be very close yes it's
closer than Republicans thought it
should be but if they end up winning
this that's going to be the only thing
that matters if Democrats win I don't
think it's fair for Republicans to say
oh this isn't that big deal it's an
off-year election it is a big deal
because it will continue a trend we're
in every off-year election since Donald
Trump was elected Democrats are
outperforming what they had done in the
previous election that doesn't signify
that there's definitively a wave coming
but it is one of the biggest precursors
to some kind of momentum that is
sustained that could result in the
bigger results for Democrats in the
election in November and so I do think
these things matter each little piece
tells a story man and Eddie I would
already say though the Republicans have
lost and they've lost let's say Rick
Ciccone wins by one point what's the
headline going to be that a district
that's plus 21 Republican barely went
Republican yes they get that one seat
but the Republicans have spent millions
and millions of dollars in a district
where they should have never had to
spend a dime where they're 25 seats that
Hillary that Republicans are holding
that Hillary Clinton won and just think
I mean if they're spending this much
money on a seat the Donald Trump won by
20 points what are those districts look
but like and how difficult is that going
to be and I just wonder if there's a
candidate out there that doesn't dare to
say hey you know what I disagree
with my opponent right but my opponent
loves God my opponent loves this country
my opponent is doing everything that he
or she thinks is best for our country
and best for our children I just have a
different worldview than them right it
would be I mean I mean people people
would be so drawn to that message and
that approach especially Eddie in the
age of Trump absolutely it would be nice
to find a politician some politician
somewhere to reach for kind of statesman
or States person like status or position
in terms of the public and public domain
and its really interesting since 2014
2016 Murphy was unopposed so it's
amazing that they're spending this kind
of money and I think it's I think to
Jim's point about the kind of appeal to
the culture war as a way of addressing
these local issues I don't think that's
going to work and what's interesting
here Joe when we look at Alabama and
when we look at Virginia we talk about
the wave but what's interesting about
this supposed Democratic wave is what's
happening underneath there's serious
organization Connor lamb is a good
candidate because he's talking about
local issues but it's also because
there's a ground game going on in in in
this district this district that might
not exist next year but there's a ground
game there knocking on doors they're
making they're having contact points
with voters it's the same thing that we
saw in Alabama is the same thing that we
saw in Virginia remember that candidate
that one in four gin you talking about
the highway traffic this is what's going
on and can in congressional district 18
and so if we think about the culture war
is a way of addressing this as opposed
to local issues if we think about this
as just simply Donald Trump as opposed
to knocking on doors that kind of
politics you've been talking about all
along at knocking on doors making
contact with voters then Republicans are
in for not only a wave they're in for a
devastating wave a tsunami and interest
all sorts of ways yeah yeah Donald Trump
was and you bring up so many great
points Donald Trump was a unique
candidate in every single way other than
the the ways that offend so many
Americans out there he was unique in
that he didn't have to have a base he
didn't have to have people knocking on
doors he didn't have to have people
going to phone banks there it was it was
a disc
organized campaign for almost all of the
campaign all Donald Trump had to do is
say I'm coming to your town and people
would show up and and it had its own
energy there's just not a not regardless
of what you think of Donald Trump
there's not another politician in
America today that can do that unless
Oprah decides that she wants to run for
president and then she will have that
same effect on the Democratic side but
right now people like Rick ciccone the
only way they win it's the old-fashioned
way they knock on 10,000 doors they
plant yard signs out there and actually
they're the anti-trump candidate I say
this to Republicans who were running in
the fall be the anti-trump candidate say
I guess I'm conservative I agree with
the tax cuts I agree with the regulatory
reform I'm glad we pushed back on Isis
but let me tell you something
I really respect my Democratic opponent
and you know what she she may think
differently than I do on school choice
she may think differently than I do on
abortion maybe she looks at how we
tackle the federal budget differently
than I do but she loves America every
bit as much as me and she wants to take
this country to a better place she just
has a different way of getting us there
and you know what I say this with all
the respect in the world
I think her way is wrong and I actually
think we'll hurt this country that's why
I need your vote that's what Republican
candidates in the age of Trump should be
saying and it gives voters a free pass
to say wait a second this guy is
conservative he will vote with the
president on conservative issues but
he's not going to go up there and
embarrass us like Donald Trump is
embarrassing us that is the ticket in
2016 civility still counts maybe not to
Donald Trump and maybe not what he's
campaigning but in campaign races like
this you cannot close your campaign by
saying as Rick secound did last night by
saying that people who aren't voting for
you don't love God and don't love the
contrary
all right coming up next we got
congressman Seth Moulton he spent the
last weekend stumping for Connor Lam and
he's going to join us next on Morning
Joe thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
