I want to bring in the conversation
someone who was at the Brett Kavanaugh
confirmation actors and activists Alyssa
Milano Alyssa you you had you have had a
front-row seat to all of this you were
there for the confirmation hearing the
cardboard version of you was there in
the Saturday night Saturday Night Live
rendition of the hearing but you've
watched this all week you've watched
President Trump turned from she is
credible let's listen to her let's have
an investigation so I'm gonna call it an
all-out assault last night and now just
moments ago Sarah Sanders defending the
president what's your take I'm filled
with a lot of rage today I have to tell
you and it started last night and I
couldn't sleep at all last night and I
just can't believe that this is where we
are that we are making distinct choices
about who we want to be as a country we
are making distinct choices of the
people that we are putting in positions
of power whether it be Trump or
Cavanaugh or our institutions sexual
abuse has been institutionalized in this
country and it is heartbreaking for me
and I just don't think we could allow
another generation of women and children
to feel as though their government is
not listening that doesn't care that
they are invisible and it's it's I'm
filled with rage for for Sarah to just
go on and say you know he was just
stating the facts well I mean the sky is
blue I can state that fact but if I do
it totally a little off like the sky is
blue I'm mocking someone that may have
said that so so a tone is everything
right now and we are making a choice and
the Republican Party is making a choice
to back this man in this administration
in this time right now right here and
history will reflect upon this time as
being devastating but I will tell you
this 34 days to the midterm elections I
really do believe there were 800,000 new
registered voters on voter registration
day I think women I think survivors I
think men are not going to allow this to
continue and we're gonna take back the
house and maybe even the Senate so you
said that people are not women are not
getting support from their government it
almost seems like the opposite that
based on comments the president made
comments at Lindsey Graham of making the
president said it's a scary time for
young men Raine points out by the way
that one out of every six women will
become the the victim of rape or
attempted rape
in her lifetime in the statistics on
false rape accusations or attempted rape
accusations as you said somewhere
between two and nine percent so yes it's
not supporting the opposite of
supporting I will also add that eighty
percent of victims of sexual assault do
not report at all so we're talking about
a very miniscule point of women that are
falsely reporting also men are having a
hard time right now I mean come on that
I feel as though he is completely and
totally belittling the intelligence of
the American people he's not doing it by
accident and neither is Lindsey Graham
they're speaking to a huge portion of
the population who agree with them what
do you think about that do they agree
with him or is he using some sort of
like cult-like
force to to try to make them see that I
mean I'm not sure if you were to have a
real conversation with any American
whether they be Democrat or Republican
that they would that they would side
with this kind of behavior where we're
we've we've reached a low where we're
actually mocking people and and their
stories of hurt and of pain who are we
who do we want to be as a country what
are we trying to project to the young
people of this world today to the young
people of this country
it's just it's heartbreaking to me and
and I think we yes we are in a time
right now that is very gray right this
is the me to generation what what is
happening right now is we are defining
boundaries boundaries that have never
been defined before so where as Trump
might say that white men have it very
difficult right now I'm saying that
women young people have had it difficult
for generations and generations and
generations and we will
be silenced any longer and if that means
that men have a hard time right now then
I'm sorry this is the way the pendulum
has to shift for us to have equality and
and and and security in our country and
within our societal views of what it
means to be a woman we are considered
less than and we cannot stand for it
anymore
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
