House Republicans tonight surprised
everybody by announcing that they have
concluded wrapped up and finished their
Russia investigation Democrats on the
committee that was supposedly
participating in that investigation
expressed surprise at the rush Russians
at the Republicans decision they had not
known that it was wrapping up the top
Democrat on the Intelligence Committee
Adam Schiff put out a statement in
response saying today the House Majority
has announced it's terminating the
Russian investigation leaving two others
the important work of determining the
full extent of Russian interference in
our election of a sentence that the
statement concludes in coming weeks and
months new information will continue to
be exposed through enterprising
journalism indictments by the special
counsel or continued investigative work
by committee Democrats and our
counterparts in the Senate each time
this new information becomes public
Republicans will be held accountable for
abandoning a critical investigation of
such vital national importance joining
us now is congressman Adam Schiff the
top Democrat on House Intelligence
congressman thanks for joining us I know
this is a big an important night thanks
Rachel good to be with you so I was I
was struck by this this rocket that you
fired off tonight to your Republican
counterparts on house Intel you say
history will judge their actions harshly
how surprised how blindsided were you
buy buy them announcing this thing is
over as of today well not not completely
surprised only in the timing of it being
today they have signaled really for
weeks now that they were under immense
pressure to end the investigation and it
became apparent really from very early
on from almost a year ago with that
midnight run to the White House that the
Republicans on the committee viewed
their job as protecting the president
not investigating what took place and so
they would call in witnesses I think to
go through the motions of doing a
credible investigation and ask them
questions like did you collude with the
Russians did you conspire with the
Russians and if the answer was no they
were content to leave it at that they
were not willing to subpoena the records
that would prove or disprove what
witnesses were saying when witnesses
like Steve Banda winstone Wallace they
would beat their chests and say well we
can't conduct it
this way and need to get answers and
then they would refuse to fall through
to get answers so not a surprise Rachel
but a grave disservice to the country
essentially it's the Intelligence
Committee majority saying we just rather
not know if it's going to be bad news
and that is I think a betrayal of the
promise that was made that we would
follow the facts wherever they lead
struck by the way that you closed your
statement on this tonight you suggested
that in coming weeks and months new
information will continue to come out
about this scandal whether it's from
journalists or from the special counsels
indictments but you also said it could
some of that new information could come
out through continued investigative work
by committee Democrats that suggests
that you are not stopping your work even
if the Republicans on the committee have
that's right we're going to continue to
do the investigation it'll obviously be
much more difficult we've never had the
power to call in witnesses but we've
learned a great deal when the majority
would at the same time there are others
that come forward to the committee and
come to committee Democrats with
information and will continue to put
pieces together as we learn things
publicly through investigative
journalism through the work of Bob MOA
through the indictments we learned some
additional granular detail in the last
indictment for example but what I mean
by holding the Republicans to account is
they'll be revelations as there was just
within the last week that witnesses that
have come before our committee like Eric
Prince may not have been fully truthful
there's a witness who has come forward
that has been reported Jorge nadir that
said that this was an effort at least
reportedly to establish a back-channel
with Russia that's part of the core of
our investigation to see if that was
going on and the Republicans will have
to answer why they're not interested in
finding out is Erik Prince telling the
truth or is Jorge nadir we should get to
the bottom of this and we'll continue
pressing them and in the days to come
Rachel we intend to demonstrate all of
the investigative leads that need to be
followed the witnesses that should have
been called the documents that should
have been produced in the hope that it
will guide journalists
guide our colleagues in the Senate and
may even be of assistance to bob muller
congressman let me ask you a big
hypothetical I'm thinking about this in
part because there's an important and
high-profile congressional special
election in the 18th district in
Pennsylvania tomorrow is a Trump plus 20
district Democrats think they may have a
shot at taking that just that that seat
tomorrow even though Trump won it by 20
points in November 2016 if the Democrats
if your party does have a big night in
November and does take back the house
that would make you that would put you
in line to be the chairman of the House
Intelligence Committee under a
democratic Speaker of the House would
you expect that in that circumstance
that you would reopen this investigation
that you would do it the way that you
think it ought have been done in the
first place
what I'd expect is that we will look at
the work that's been done if the work
has been done by the Senate Intelligence
Committee or by special counsel Bob
Muller and we've done a full
investigation that may not be necessary
and if it hasn't then we'll have to
evaluate what work there remains to be
done to protect the country you know one
issue that concerns me Rachel for
example is that we were not allowed to
investigate whether the leverage the
Russians have over this president is
money laundering whether the Russians
did hear what they'd have done elsewhere
and laundering money through the Trump
Organization the Senate is not
investigating that either now I hope
that Bob Muller is but should issues
like that that expose the the country to
leverage or over the president nine
states not go investigated then we would
need to know and I want to say one other
thing that really stands out to me about
this sad chapter in our committee and
that is I think many of us could see
that Donald Trump was going to be a very
poor president what we couldn't see is
how many people would be complicit in
that how many people would be willing to
resign their obligations under the
Constitution and our system of checks
and balances in this service of that
deeply flawed president our Constitution
is only as good as the people who uphold
it and by shutting down this
investigation it shows that the people
upholding it are really not living up to
their responsibilities congressman Adam
Schiff the top Democrat on the
telogen s-- committee in the house or
the russia investigation has just been
shut down by the republican majority so
thank you very much for being here
tonight I really appreciate it thanks
Rachel all right we'll be right back
stay with us hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
