my other top guest tonight is stormy
Daniels lawyer here for a live interview
at the very time Daniels upping the ante
right now with a new challenge to
president Trump's lawyer and here's the
context she's offering to pay back the
hundred and thirty thousand dollars
famously facilitated by Michael Cohen
she says she wants the freedom to speak
about the alleged relationship with
Trump which of course the White House
continues to deny now to share any
material or evidence she also wants that
privilege she says and her lawyer says
Daniels would pay Donald Trump himself
that is interesting even controversial
because it challenges Donald Trump's
line that maybe his lawyer just went
rogue with all this and paid stormy
Daniels out of his own pocket
now how high are the stakes well new
reports that Trump's allies may try to
ask a judge to stop 60 minutes from
airing a planned interview with Daniel's
the idea is some sort of Pentagon Papers
standoff for the Trump era only instead
of the White House claiming that
military secrets would be at stake this
would require Donald Trump to argue in
court that the nation's interests
require stopping the Free Press to
protect some sort of stormy related
secret that's the background now let's
go to the man of the hour Michael
avenatti
welcome back to the beat thanks for
having me you're making a big challenge
here number one of you heard anything
back from the Trump side tonight well we
haven't heard anything back but we don't
believe it's actually a big challenge we
actually think it's a fair settlement
offer and one that should be seriously
considered and accepted by mr. Cohen in
the president there's a point that you
have raised which I would call clever
Larry and I'll read to you the New York
Times account of it for folks who are
following all this New York State's
professional standards for lawyers
require they take any settlement offer
like this one directly to their clients
that means mr. Cohen is under a legal
obligation to share your proposed deal
tonight with mr. Trump explained well
that's not really clever Ari I mean this
these are the rules that lawyers operate
day in and day out
under around the nation of whether it be
New York or California or Texas or
anywhere else I mean it's very basic
when you have a dispute and we clearly
have a dispute and one side makes an
offer to the other side you as an
attorney have an obligation to take that
written offer to your client here we
have made a detailed written offer we
made it earlier today and mr. Cohen and
mr. Rosen are under obligations to take
that off or that make an offer and
present it to their clients and then get
back to it well I put it like this for
the benefit of my viewers who know we do
real talk here on the beat I will say
for their benefit your presentation of
the law there is correct in terms of
ethics standards what I'm getting at
though is that it almost seems like
perhaps to use a word of the era that
you guys are trolling Michael Cohen and
Donald Trump because they've put out a
kind of a fantastical defense that you
and I discussed on Friday which in the
benefit of real talk I also told people
is silly their defense being that maybe
Michael Cohen went rogue paid all this
money out dog job didn't know about it
so you seem to be pressing or trolling
that point by saying well now you have
to tell Donald Trump who you believe to
be his client in this issue about this
offer well Ari quite honestly if if mr.
Cohen does not want to tell mr. Trump
about it or if mr. Rosen does not want
to tell mr. Trump about it so be it I'd
find it very hard to believe that mr.
Trump doesn't know about it at this
point or perhaps he'll learn about it
later tonight the bottom line is our
settlement offer requires the signatures
of all of the parties to the dispute
so that's mr. Trump that's the LLC that
mr. Cohen set up and that's my client
and and people have said well there's no
way that the president is going to
accept this well quite honestly I don't
understand why not the bottom line here
is is that my client wants a forum to
tell her story she's prepared to return
the hundred and thirty thousand dollars
and if they do not accept the settlement
this is yet another step another process
by which they're going to seek to
silence my client what are they afraid
of I don't understand to this day we've
been at this now about a week and we
still don't have answers to the
following questions very simple
did mr. Trump know about the agreement
did he sign the agreement we think it's
pretty clear he did not did he know
anything about the payment and did he
pay it or arrange for someone else to
pay it this isn't complicated and they
can run and they can hide and we can go
week after week after week re but we're
not going home I gather that and I think
it's clear for two viewers one of the
things that many experts on this show
and others have said is wow if this
happened to Barack Obama this type of
situation that you just outlined it
would have been a big scandal hour after
hour something about the nature of
Donald Trump his lawyer in the secrecy
etc was for a while after the Wall
Street Journal broke the story it seemed
to recede now it's very much back and
forth with the pressure you're putting
on him which brings me to the Pentagon
Papers of our time your view of this
interview which we know from the
photograph you were there for Anderson
Cooper I understand you and your client
are not going to tell us what's in an
interview that hasn't aired yet so I'm
not gonna ask that but your view of the
reaction reported by BuzzFeed and others
that they would seriously consider the
White House trying to get a prior
restraint a legal gag order on 60
minutes over whatever did transpire in
the interview you attended well I've got
to believe that that's not going to
happen
III have to believe that at some point
an adult in the room is going to raise
his or her voice and say something along
the lines of are you crazy because the
fact of the matter is is that it is very
unlikely that they would be successful
in such an effort and further I think it
would be a very sad day for our
democracy if you had a sitting president
who would proceed with an action against
a major television network in an effort
to quash Authority and prevent a citizen
from speaking openly and freely about
her version of events but I want to go
back to something you said moments ago
because I think it's very very important
this is not about the left it's not
about the right it's not about Obama
versus Trump it's not about Gary Hart
it's not about Bill Clinton it's not
about Anthony Weiner it's not about the
list goes on and on
very straightforward this is about
shooting straight with the American
people shooting straight on the ants or
the questions that I asked earlier this
isn't complicated it's very simple has
there been a cover-up here or has there
not been a cover-up here and right what
are they hiding and why why have we not
heard from the president as to these
issues every time re that the White
House is asked about this they deflect
and they say they've answered the
questions they've never answered a
question that is true and we saw that in
sarah huckabee sanders getting herself
into hot water citing this arbitration
proceeding i want you to stay with me
the Donald Trump jr. was asked about
this actually today - we're gonna play
that in a minute but I want to bring in
to join our discussion criminal offense
attorney Sarah as Ari and Wall Street
Journal reporter Shelby Holiday who has
given us analysis on this story in the
past your view of what you're hearing
from this attorney and this client who I
think it's fair to say have been
effective at driving this message
towards the White House listen I think
that Michaels offer is a reasonable
offer but it's not a reasonable offer to
someone who's saying he didn't have an
affair he was not a party to the hush
agreement he had no knowledge that the
payment was wired on his behalf which is
the most incredibly incredulous thing
I've ever heard in my life so when
you're making this offer to someone like
that I mean I'm not surprised that
Michael hasn't heard back from them if
they were to even respond it would
negate it would negate their position
essentially which is that they know
about and that speaks and that speaks
the part of this that is not legal and
it's not about lawyers although we've
assembled some here that goes to whether
this is a White House that can tell the
truth and speaks directly about what's
happening adawn jr. passed on an
opportunity when asked about this today
take a look
should stormy Daniels be able to speak
sir should stormy dance mr. Trump should
stormy Daniels be able to speak these
are the pictures Shelby well yes and I
actually couldn't hear that perfectly
but I think generally what we're hearing
and what my colleagues at the Wall
Street Journal hear back anytime we ask
questions about stormy Daniels is fake
news or some version of that and so I
think politically this is really
interesting because it's becoming pretty
clear that this payment may have been
made to help Trump's election but it
continues to bother the White House so
much that President Trump a man who said
you could shoot him on he could shoot
someone on Fifth Avenue and no one would
care is clearly very concerned about a
porn stars story well you just say man
who thinks he's untouchable yet he will
not answer questions and it looks like
he's very vulnerable when it comes to
these sorts of stories you just made a
key point as you often do
Shelby which is which is you're speaking
to the hypocrisy of someone who brags
about being invincible but doesn't want
to get out on the battlefield and you
think about that in the context of
something we dug up that I want to show
everyone and Shelby I want your analysis
that this politically and then I'll go
back to Michael this was candidate
Donald Trump appearing in what might be
called an off-color
skit wall candidate on SNL take a look
for us we're trying to do this is ad for
Donald Tramp so he lets us live in his
hotel
yeah maybe visit the White House I
haven't been there since the 90s I'm
Donald Trump and I in no way shape or
form approve of this message talk about
a time capsule I mean that joke there
was at the time candidate doing these
appearances for media and he was
literally mocking I would argue my
urinalysis
himself and his supporters effectively
saying I don't approve of this but he's
in the skit played there by whatever you
want to call the actress is there
exactly that clip says it speaks volumes
of president Trump's character but also
he's talked about his personal life and
he's been very open about his escapades
in previous years
I mean it's understandable that he would
not want his wife and probably more
importantly his ten year old son hearing
all of the details that stormy Daniels
may have to tell but this is a man who
is at times very open about his sex life
and all of the sudden it's becoming very
problematic for him to the point where
we're not even getting answers we're
just getting fake news and then another
story that proves it's not faking it
Michael and then Sarah yeah you know
already I think it is important that we
we not get over the tips of our skis in
connection with this now what do I mean
by that what I mean is there's you know
rumors floating that there's paternity
issues with my client I will state
unequivocally there are none there are
rumors state on behalf of stormy Daniels
here tonight there's no paternity issue
100% secondly we've heard rumors that
there was an alleged abortion absolutely
untrue it never happened okay there is a
tendency by many generally on the left
in this circumstance
to do exactly what I mentioned which is
we get over the tips of our skis in
connection with this story we we want it
to be more you know it's not salacious
enough so we have to take it one more
step and we're purposely guarding
against that because we don't want to be
a part of that we want to be a part of
the facts we want to be a part of my
client having the opportunity to speak
to the American
to people and tell her story which we
believe is going to be far interesting
enough further interesting in the Burien
sense of the word that it is salacious
or interesting because you think it
reveals something of public interest
import well I think it I think it will
reveal something of significant public
interest quite honestly I think I think
yeah she'll be go ahead did she sign
this agreement in the first place if she
wanted to tell her story well I think
she's going to disclose that in fact I'm
highly confident that if this interview
is aired at some point in time that
answer will be given during the
interview and the American people will
judge you're saying you're saying you're
saying in the sixty minutes interview
she is going to reveal details as to why
she took the money at the time and a
logical reason for why she wants to undo
that
I'm not going to state exactly what's in
the inner what I think you did just a
little bit I'm going to say is unless
what I'm going to say is is that that
issue I'm confident will be touched upon
how about that okay hey there are Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click Subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
