welcome back in the months months since
the shooting at Marjorie stone of
Douglas high school we've heard a lot
from President Trump on gun safety
they're not gonna walk into a school if
20% of the teachers have guns it may be
10 percent or maybe 40 percent
I don't want teachers staff guns I want
highly trained people that have a
natural talent every think of it you can
buy a handgun you can't buy one and you
have to wait you 21 but you can buy the
kind of weapon used in the school
shooting at 18 if you can add domestic
violence paragraphs pages into this bill
I'm all for it well the White House is
out with its first set of proposals on
school safety and here is what made the
cut improving the national background
check system with a plan from senators
Cornyn and Murphy and expansion and
reform of mental health programs and the
most striking policy change promising
DOJ assistance to help fund firearms
training for school personnel what is
not there no moves to curtail gun
purchases by domestic abusers no
universal background checks and no
raising the gun age or the age for gun
purchases to 21 if you're keeping score
at home of all the ideas floated by the
president in the last month only the
ones that are largely in line with what
the NRA supports made the cut White
House press secretary Sarah Huckabee
Sanders says that's not because the
president is afraid of the NRA but he
that he can't make everything happen
with the stroke of a pen right now the
president's primary focus is on pushing
through things that we know have broad
bipartisan support or things that we can
do from an administrative perspective
that we can do immediately joining me
now is someone who has met face to face
with President Trump on guns Florida
Democratic congressman Ted Deutsch who
represents the Parkland area congressman
thank you very much for joining us my
pleasure nice to be with you so the
president tweeted this morning that the
reason that there is no raising of the
age limit to buy guns is because there's
no political support for that is that
true
I don't I don't know what the president
is referring to there is broad support
across the country to raise the age to
buy a gun to 21 there is broad support
for universal background checks
something else the president has said
that he supports there is also
widespread support for banning weapons
of war getting them off of our streets
and when the president says there's not
political support the only place there
is no political support is at the NRA
and last I checked the NRA should not
have veto authority over what laws we
passed in this country especially after
another mass shooting in a school and
especially at a time when of the
American people want there to be change
they're tired of the same old politics
and the control by the gun lobby let's
play devil's advocate for a moment sarah
huckabee sanders says he's trying to get
things done that can actually get done
gun reform has been notoriously hard to
pass in Congress with Republicans or
Democrats in charge it's difficult is it
fair to say that these are things that
can actually make it through well look
Katie I I've authored the stop school
Violence Act I think and we introduced
it before the shooting it's a good bill
that will help provide some resources to
provide training to school employees
working with law enforcement students
parents to identify potential threats
the fixed NICs act again it's a fine
bill that will again help to ensure that
states comply with the law and provide
to the database everything that should
be in it but let's remember the reason
that those are the only two things that
the president has signed on to is
because the NRA has told him that
they're okay with those bills going
through yes is it hard to get things
through of course is it going to be
harder dramatically harder for members
of Congress to stand up and say that
they're on the side of the gun companies
instead of the side of the children and
keeping families safe when there are
high school students and college
students across the country who are
getting ready to march on Washington
in 600 locations it's gonna be really
tough for them to continue to do things
the same way that we always have yeah
it's hard but it's gonna be a lot harder
for people to stand in the way of taking
action to prevent gun violence that's
what we need to do so do you think the
president is standing in the way of
protecting kids I don't think that
there's any question that the President
of the United States when he sat in the
meeting just a couple seats away from me
and turned to my colleagues and said
look I understand it you're petrified of
the NRA you're afraid of the NRA you
shouldn't be and you should pass
universal background checks that's what
he said just a week or so ago at the
White House when he now says I'm only
prepared to do something he retreats to
a position that says I'm only prepared
to do something that the NRA tells me I
can do yes by failing to take aggressive
action you help to put kids at risk
that's that's the fact that's why
there's when there was no action after
Columbine no action after Sandy Hook no
action still to this moment a month
after what happened in my community yeah
people look at this and say when are you
gonna take action I met with families I
met with student survivors again today
they cannot believe that nothing has
happened and yes
they tell me you know when you refuse to
act you're putting more kids at risk
Donald Trump said those things that you
just said he said we showed tape of him
saying those things to lawmakers and to
parkland students saying that you should
raise the the gun limit the age limit
that he talked about wanting to take
away guns from domestic abusers and he
talked about universal background checks
why do you think or do you think he was
lying when he said those things or do
you think he had his mind changed
afterwards by the NRA I couldn't begin
to tell you how the president makes
decisions and and what goes on in his
mind I don't know we've seen this
immediately after the meeting people
said to me gee it's great that you
participated but remember what happened
on daca where the president said one
thing and then reversed course
he's going to do it again well based on
this plan it looks like that again
remember this plan from the White House
is primarily two things we're gonna
provide training to armed teachers and
we're going to form a commission the
Secretary of Education said there is no
time to waste
well we have been wasting time week
after week month after month year after
year she's right but the way to put
action to go forward is not to form a
commission it's to move on all of the
things that the American people know
have to be done to help keep kids safe
help keep our community safe it's enough
already it's time for us to move forward
no more Commission's no more talk to the
president earlier in the weekend city
hates Commission's well let's abandon
this one and let's actually just move
forward common-sense gun-safety
he said commissions don't get anything
done so you've met with parkland
students today that way what do they
think about about arming teachers what
do they think about expanding the
background check process or just
tightening it I mean I can tell you that
the the people of the students I met
with today think that the legislation is
the the two bills that the president
said he's okay with are fine but they
point out that the stop school Violence
Act which is the bill that I've
introduced that I think would be helpful
that we introduced before the shooting
they rightly point out it doesn't say
anything about guns it doesn't
acknowledge it doesn't acknowledge that
the real issue here is the gun violence
epidemic that we're facing and so there
they look at this and and redouble their
efforts redouble their efforts to get
people to March redouble their efforts
to make people understand how important
it is to register to vote they when they
see the policies like the one that came
out of the White House today that
utterly fails to do the things that the
overwhelming majority of Americans know
must be done to keep people safe all it
does is get them to go out and organize
more inspire more people make this
movement bigger until ultimately there
will be no choice but for the president
and the speaker and the Senate Majority
Leader to do the right thing because
that's what the demands
we'll be upon them so we should note
that states seem to be taking at least
something of the lead Florida has
already passed a bill that says there's
a three-day waiting period to buy a gun
and has raised the minimum age to
purchase a gun 2:21 also banning bump
stocks and it does establish a program
to arm some school personnel that's a
more controversial part of that bill but
we should note that the NRA is already
suing the state of Florida over those
changes congressman Ted Deutsch thank
you very much for being here thank you
very much for having me
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
