Livan set the scene for us let's begin
with you how did this event with Donald
Trump jr. go given his father's
performance there on Saturday night
Eamon there was a few hair nets involved
we're here over at Sara's candies weird
on juniors sitting down with Rick
ciccone where we are one day out at this
point and these two have been here for
about the last hour you're walking
around this is a company that employs
about 400 people here we are in
Canonsburg this is one of several cities
around the pa-18 area in which there's
thousands of residents here and for Don
jr. this is their first of two events we
haven't had the chance to ask them any
questions yet of course over the
criticism of Rick's okones candidacy
there's been national Republicans that
have called them out a man calling it a
week campaign and a weak candidate
obviously Donald Trump was here on
Saturday night though and there was the
reports that he himself was not fond of
Rick Ciccone but Don jr. is sitting here
at the moment Connor lamb on the other
hand our understanding is out canvassing
today going to door to house what do you
think about Ritz to come he's gonna
support the things that my father's
doing you got a real conservative who's
gonna fight for America help us push
through this agenda when I hear about
what's going on in this business 400
employees they added 80 news since tax
reform 80 new full-time employees that's
20 percent in a few months that's what
we need we don't need people who are
pretending to be conservative that will
then go follow the mansion's masters and
vote with Nancy Pelosi and vote with
Chuck Schumer like you see all the time
low tax reform at the State of the Union
everyone claps he looks over super oh we
got to sit down we can't applaud what's
good for America
I want someone in that office who's
gonna actually fight for America and do
that and that's what we have right here
so excited about are some of the
criticisms from national Republicans
about mr. su Coons Canada seafaring that
you know I don't think they are you know
I think the media is doing whatever they
can to you know bolster up that because
you know God knows if it's gonna make it
difficult for Trump the media's gonna be
all over it we've gotten used to that
it's okay
that's question for you sir have you
been interviewed by mr. Muller no mr.
secona Bowl just Nick just came out from
Amish is that you're down by six points
does that
from you I haven't seen that pole and I
don't but I don't believe I won't put
much credence in it you guys have been
up and down with full numbers I mean I
don't I don't follow that I know I'm a
walking pole my wife and I meet
thousands of people every day you know I
won my first house race in a 76%
Democrat district where they said it
couldn't be done my wife and I started
that with 1,500 bucks that we saved up
to win and we won that race we've won
four other since then we're out meeting
people every day and everywhere I get
it's a hundred to one for Rick Ciccone
so I'm ready I'm ready for tomorrow
we'll just see you save your postal
tomorrow we'll see what happens I want
the biggest thing honestly is all the
Trump supporters that see what he's
doing and are happy right now they're
happy they're watching they're winning
they gotta stay in the game
they gotta stay motivated cuz the other
side all they have is hey oh my god okay
they're the party of dependence they
need you to be dependent on them they
need the government they need all of
these things our guys just can't take
winning for granted they have to get out
there they have to continue this fight
now for the rest of a team in twenty and
in eight years we can make a big
difference they just can't be lazy they
got to get out and vote and if they get
out vote we win easily but we're talking
to some quote we were talking to some
coal miners who were saying to us
yesterday
these were Democrats had voted for your
father move from mr. Trump and they said
that promises a lot of the promises have
been kept when it comes to coal miners
specifically it has not been kept they
aren't seeing coal jobs coming back yet
they said that you're also a
right-to-work candidate to those
individuals what do you say you must be
talking to somebody on the left that's
not a : I talk to coal miners every day
I have Pullman I had a coal miner down a
rally down in that Green County just the
other day those school miners were with
me
our minds are coming back jobs are
coming back and the console the Bailey
bond that I was at is production is way
up so I don't know where you're getting
that you know I don't know what your
stories or I haven't talked to those
people but I talked to hundreds and
hundreds of coal miners and they're all
they're all enthused about what's going
on and they they're seeing the jobs
coming back they're seeing increases in
their in their pay and that's the that's
the forecast I have for :
mr. Trump ahead of that Trump Tower
meeting were you aware that the Russians
had information those emails I was not
doesn't that's not what we're here
talking about yeah we're talking about
jobs for Americans so that's four by
four point it's a lot on the line and
your father has well he seems cognizant
a bank are you worried about trends for
these last part yeah I'm not again I
think it's just our guys got to remember
that this could all go away all the
victories pull the common fence all the
things that have been finally infused
back into government that can all go
away very quickly if we just sit on our
laurels and sit on our victories and
don't get out there and do it again if
they get out and do it again again we're
gonna win we're gonna keep these things
going and we can do it for eight years
we just need their help and we need
their support mister Ciccone can I ask
you what is your message to the coal
miners that date appear after lamp rally
yesterday I need to see those coal mines
but some old miners in general I've
always been to defender the coal
industry the people that they that the
other side puts in office is trying to
kill the coal industry
and and many of the union leadership in
the United Mine Workers endorsed Obama
has tried to kill the coal industry
endorsed Hillary Clinton who tried to
kill the coal industry Ritsuko has been
fighting in the state for the coal
industry for a long time now and I'll
continue to fight for it
in Washington DC by the way it's not
just cold I mean I I could say this cuz
I lived in Pennsylvania from the age of
about twelve thirteen years old all the
way through college in Pottstown
Pennsylvania for five years in
Philadelphia for another four years
college in high school and I saw them
Potts tell us the home of Firestone I
mean huge company and guess what when I
was there decimated gone shipped abroad
I have been sick of watching other
people in foreign lands living our
American dream because we're shipping
them our jobs I've seen it I've lived in
Pennsylvania for it's called 25 percent
of my actual life and it's been
decimated by a lot of these policies
those policies are gone we're doing
these that makes sense for American
workers for the first time in a long
time
this shouldn't be rocket science this
shouldn't be something new that we're
just now figuring out and yet it is and
so it's exciting to see that it's
exciting to see that change and I'm
excited to have someone in there
actually helping fight my with my father
for these things against some of these
darkness on the other side mr. Trump
should stormy Daniels be able to speak
sir
should storm against mr. truck should
start Daniels be able to speak thank you
so we're talking about
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
