and go to Vaughn Hilliard Vaughn there's
some to talk but I mean a axis is taught
is right now this morning the reporting
Donald Trump is trashing actually Rick's
a cone the Republican candidate he went
out to support if Donald Trump is
trashing Rick Ciccone he would not be
alone it appears the entire Republican
Party in Washington DC seems to be doing
the same thing set it up for us one day
out in and what actually is a very
significant election yeah Joe it's a
significant election right because I
mean if this is really the +20 Trump
state that McCain won Mitt Romney won
and you're you're potentially not only
losing Democratic voters that voted for
Donald Trump but also those Republican
voters that you were talking about I'm
gonna play a little bit of sound with
three of those Republicans you just met
Connor Lam usually about Republican
usually how did this interaction yeah
went pretty well I think he's pretty
dedicated passionate it was certainly in
light nice to meet him would you vote
Democrat on Tuesday
I would I would angel the Democratic
Democrat he's the real deal straight as
an arrow and he is every mother's dream
I'm totally honest I really do usually
vote Democrat
nope they do you have seen two different
type of campaigns here we are with
Connor lamb with coal miners a couple
hundred of them down yesterday we are
with him with a couple hundred steel
workers on Friday night he's been on the
trail he's been there's an energy we are
with him in Carnegie where there were
Canvassers that were coming off the
street Joe in off the street they had
not been contacted by the campaign but
they were seeing how they could help
compare that to Rick Ciccone outside of
that rally you saw on Saturday night he
had no events on Saturday he had no
events yesterday on Friday he had two
events the first one had about eight
people come the second one had 15 people
come really when you talk it was
actually the congressional leadership
fund so this is the this is the Paul
Ryan backed super PAC I talked with
their executive director yesterday this
is a super PAC that is put in twice the
amount of money into this district here
they've paid bawlin they have paid
staffers on the ground that have been
knocking doors compare that to the Rick
say Rick seccond campaign which has not
put up much of an operation hasn't even
spent a million dollars on the airwaves
here in that executive director of the
Paul Ryan backed super PAC he told me
that this race should be a warning to
all Republicans here in the future that
a seat like this so that is plus 20
Trump is ultimately if you don't have
better candidates and you don't have
better campaigns any seat
in November is vulnerable all right
Vaughn thank you so much greatly
appreciate it and David Ignatius I
wanted to follow up on what Vaughn had
said going around talking to those
people you know what what what so many
people in the median politics forget is
how non-ideological most Americans are
in that audience know where Connor Lam
was speaking so many people in that
audience voted for Reagan twice voted
for Clinton twice voted for George W
Bush twice voted for Barack Obama twice
and voted for Donald Trump last fall you
could just hear in the voices that were
interviewed nough in that piece people
thinking wow I want to do what's right
for the country at a woman who said you
know Connor limb is every mother's
favorite son she's saying this is
somebody that I that I trust and
that kind of basic citizen instinct I
want to pick somebody who's gonna be
good for the country who I feel
comfortable with when that predominates
our politics works and we'll see
tomorrow he's important to note that the
Connor Lam may succeed because on issues
like trade he's saying pretty much
identical things to what Donald Trump is
saying he's a national security Democrat
he he's he's sounding more traditionally
to reminds me of a scoop Jackson
Democrat that twenty or thirty years ago
but if that message works in this race I
think you're gonna see a lot of
Republicans get nervous but again that
might take away from little interviews
was here of owners trying to do what
citizens need to do to make our
democracy work look at the candidates
amicus a choice about who do I trust and
and so often we see this where if the
White House is going in the wrong
direction
voters two years later always correct
them and for Republicans my gosh if
Democrats were to win tomorrow in an
unlikely scenario but but looking more
likely by the day then the Democratic
Party is going to have big wins in
western Pennsylvania where they
shouldn't have won a big win in Alabama
and a huge win all across the state of
Virginia again another state that nobody
would have expected the type of
victories that they had last fall so
anyway still at a Morning Joe we now
know that the president's turn is Trump
organization email to help arrange that
six-figure paycheck to a former porn
star to try to keep her quiet weeks
before the election we've got new
details on that front and also speaking
of attorneys the president's other legal
team is reportedly trying to speed up
the Mueller probe with certain catches
we're gonna explain what they're doing
straight ahead thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up to date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of
around us to watch more for morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
