why could actually run my business I
could actually run my business and run
government at the same time I don't like
the way that looks but I would be able
to do that if I wanted to I'd be the
only one that would be able to do that
the president says he sees no problem
with the president running the country
and a company at the same time so he is
though he stepped away from the
day-to-day management of the Trump
Organization and the president has
remained its fully invested owner just
like his son-in-law and senior adviser
Jared Kushner who has retained most of
his stake in his family's development
business but as if that wasn't enough
potential conflict of interest for one
White House a new report from the New
York Times out tonight reveals Trump's
and Kushner's companies are now in talks
to go into business with each other
The Times writing quote the Kushner's
are in private discussions to have
president Trump's company manage at
least one hotel at the center of a
Jersey Shore development known as pure
village the Kushner companies and the
Trump Organization have signed a letter
of intent though no deal is final former
government ethicist Marilyn Glynn
telling The Times that these talks could
be troubling quote the concern is that
the president might not want to do
anything that would upset the Kushner
family agreement to do business with his
company joining me now steve etter
investigative reporter at The New York
Times who is by wind
on that story thank you very much for
being with us tonight sir can you walk
us through what what is the top line
concern here I mean this is essentially
completely unprecedented
you know the family ties in the White
House and here you add in this extra
layer the financial questions that's
what the the ethics folks that we talked
to raised as we discussed what was
happening here you've got one hotel deal
they started last year quietly and
that's another hotel in New Jersey the
Trump's are already managing for the
Kushner's and then a second one that's
been in the works long-running talks for
about two years so you have these
financial layer in addition to the
family layer and the cushion er
companies also have some foreign
connections that are potentially
problematic no and I mean we've seen
Jared Kushner be involved in a lot of
these foreign policy questions that have
raised questions
about his business ties yeah I mean
that's been part of the backdrop here
you know one of the questions that comes
up in these kinds of deals is we you
know where would financing come from
where's the money that comes from that's
involved in these kinds of deals and
that's part of the question that trumps
you know at the onset of the presidency
said no new deals in foreign countries
but there's still a lot of questions
that need to be sorted out when it comes
to deals in the US whether it be with
the Kushner's or any other counterpart
about where the money comes from that's
part of those deals does this
arrangement give Jared Kushner leverage
over the president in a way that could
be inappropriate well I think that the
the question that the ethics experts you
would bring up on this and the people
who are the watchdog's here would say
that you know is is the money issue here
does that is that bring up some kind of
leverage that was a word that we heard
you know in the reporting is there some
kind of leverage here that having this
layer these kinds of financial
entanglements involved you know in the
White House does it bring enough an
extra layer of ethical headaches Steve
better thanks so much for time tonight
really appreciate it Jon Meacham can I
get you to weigh in here on the kind of
I mean there are so many thorny
questions here have we seen an example
in the past of a president being so tied
up with I mean I can't even the web is
we can move on no no and it's it's it's
it's part of the you know we're we're
sort of on the land of broken toys here
of ethical questions you know presidents
used to get in trouble for traffic
tickets compared to this and one of the
things that I think is and I'll just
admit to my own naivete here it you know
for all these to many years I've been
thinking about these things and doing it
never really occurred to me that a
president United States himself would be
in it for money while in office
we all understand they go off and they
give speeches and they write books and
they some of them survive or whatever
that's that's an entirely different
question but the idea that you would be
in the office of Washington and Lincoln
and FDR and would be worried about a
hotel deal at Pier Village
Jerzy I just it doesn't even compute and
so III think this this is genuinely
uncharted territory you know imagine the
world said it's hair on fire over the
fact that Billy you know Jimmy Carter
might not have sold his farming interest
you know he did I think is that recall
but that was the level of question you
know would a would a Georgia peanut farm
create a conflict of interest for a
president states I mean not someone
who's raising money from international
investors to build deals and undertake
deals around the world and so and and
what I love of course is that you all of
us are prone to here what we want to
hear I think when you played that clip
of the press conference during the
transition I think the you know what the
president-elect heard was that there are
the interesting questions about whether
the President himself could have a
conflict of interest that's an
interesting point it's a but it's kind
of an intellectual one it he took it
literally you know we're always told not
to take Trump literally but he took that
literally and I think that's part of the
ethos of what's unfolding hmm Ashley
Parker I want to ask you about you've
got some new reporting that everybody
can read on the front page of the
Washington Post tomorrow about Ivanka
Trump and obviously her husband Jared
Kushner but can I walk us through is she
in a new and different place in this
White House right now a little bit i
mean she's basically grappling with two
things her tensions with chief of staff
kelly have come to the fore and he's
incredibly frustrated that both she and
her husband Jared Kushner he feels like
they want to be family when it suits
them and in staff in other moments in
his attitude is you want to be staff I
don't understand it but fine but I'm
going to treat you like staff you can
imagine they haven't loves that and she
is also sort of the opposite of her
father she is a control freak she is
someone who over prepares studies the
briefing books leaves nothing to chance
but she is someone who likes to try to
control everything in a world that is
just spiraling out of control the white
house is chaotic and turbulent the
Muller investigation is reaching
potentially into her father in her
husband and so she's trying to do what
she can to maintain control in this
environment or she really has none yeah
what's your sense
Kimberly Adkins of how long Jared and
Ivanka Jovanka I think is what they call
him they hate that name well it's tough
to say because they're family I mean all
the while I mean since the beginning
there's doing this speculation about how
long that they might last but their
family you can't get rid of them
completely and where do you put them
perhaps you put them in the campaign now
that the president has unofficially or
officially launched his re-election bid
that's the problem that you have this
isn't someone like Steve Bannon who it's
an easier job to fire and kick out but
when it comes to Ivanka one thing that I
find that interesting is that she does
not share the same ideology her father
that's one major problem here and and so
she seems sort of isolated in a way even
when an issue like family paid leave
where the president does listen to her
he kind of treats it as a pet project
for her okay we gotta go and that was
another interesting thing in talking to
her she basically said there's been a
lot of very fair criticism of where is
Ivanka on X Y & Z and she says people
who say that don't understand the role
of a White House so her role is not to
go to publicly contradict her father's
administration so one thing to watch for
if she doesn't say anything that often
means she disagrees she hasn't said much
I gun she was quiet on health care
there's worth it where she disagrees hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
