Adam Rippon made history at the Winter
Olympics even before he stepped onto the
ice the 28 year old figure skater
arrived in Pyeongchang as the first
openly gay athlete to qualify for the
Winter Games you may recall Rippon
making headlines in the run-up to the
games after criticizing vice president
mike pence for his stance on gay rights
I asked the newly minted bronze medalist
about that and what comes next when we
spoke earlier this week the vice
president and his team say that they had
reached out to meet with you first of
all did you ever get an invitation from
the vice president to meet with him
before the games and why do you say now
that it might be the right time to meet
with him you know I had a phone call
from the USOC saying that the vice
president's office would like to set up
a phone call with me it was two weeks
before the Olympics and you know like
when I've been training I don't go out
with my friends I don't go to the movies
I don't go out to dinner because I feel
like even that'll be a distraction so I
felt like you know maybe meeting with
the vice president might be a little bit
more distracting than like trying to see
like bridesmaids they're going to like
Maggiano's so I said you know I had to
decline it because at that point you
know my job was to be an Olympic athlete
and to represent the United States as
well as I could but I've always said
that if the opportunity were still
available to me to talk with the vice
president if that phone call was still
on the table I would take it because you
know what I did say was that I didn't
feel that Mike Pence was a great choice
to lead the delegation at the Olympics
because I didn't feel like as an openly
gay man that he represented me I think
that he's pushed a lot of anti LGBTQ
legislation but that phone call that I
would have with him wouldn't be for me
it would be for those people whose lives
have been affected at because of that
legislation that he's pushed so I think
that the Olympics have
me an incredible platform that I've
really tried to utilize every second
that I have to give people a voice when
they don't feel like they are being
heard what would you have to say to the
vice president if you had him on the
phone what do you think he should know
about the people that you're talking
about here and yourself well you know he
tweeted at me right before the opening
ceremony saying that he was for me and
for all of the athletes and while I was
grateful to get that tweet you know will
he still be for me when one day I
hopefully will get married I mean I'm a
handful so I hope that one day I'll get
married but you know when I come back
home or you still for me are you still
for that trans man or woman that wants
to join the military I think that's what
I want to ask I think that if you're for
all Americans I don't think that what
I'm asking for is you know LGBT rights I
think it's human rights and I think
everybody deserves to have the
opportunity to you know live their life
to the fullest especially if they want
to serve their country or marry the
person that they love or just go to the
bathroom if the president in the United
States President Trump were to invite
the Olympic team to the White House do
you think you would go I don't think
that I would go I you know I think even
more than Mike Pence I think Donald
Trump you know if Donald Trump spoke to
my sister or my mother the way that he's
spoken about other women I mean I just
wouldn't tolerate it or if my I or any
of my mom's sons spoke to women or
treated people the way that Donald Trump
has my mom would kill me and I'd be dead
and this would be you know a profile of
my life not me giving an interview
because I'd be dead because my mom would
have killed me
Adam Rippon thank you so much for being
here we really appreciate it thank you
for having me hey there are Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
