I think the comments from the President
of the United States of America have
been very divisive for a long time
and I think that it's very interesting
that his that he condemned the protest
to silent protests of our players who
are protesting the injustice and bigotry
and racism that has plagued our great
country for so long is the woke era for
the Seattle Seahawks over the bleacher
report seems to think so the team lost
two of its most politically outspoken
players along with one of the most
dominant defenses in the game cornerback
Richard Sherman who you just heard will
be joining the San Francisco 49ers
meanwhile defense line defensive lineman
Michael Bennett is being traded to the
Philadelphia Eagles and joining me now
to discuss is the great Jamel Hill chief
correspondent for ESPN's the undefeated
and one of the most coveted guests on am
joy I have to tell you we've been
commenting and coveting and coveting
every time I see you on with Reb I go
cover to cover to cover and even though
he's a pastor let's talk about this this
I guess exit of these players who've
been very outspoken is the is this
politics on the part of the Seattle
Seahawks in your view or is this just a
change in the roster well I do think we
need to give the Seahawks
a little bit of the benefit of the doubt
here because when Michael Bennett and
Richard Sherman and other players on
their team were speaking up on behalf of
Colin Kaepernick and talking about
racism and bigotry the Seahawks didn't
blink I think this has a lot to do with
the fact that their aging team they need
to reset the roster and I've seen the
reports like a lot of people that said
they wanted a quieter locker room and I
wonder if quieter just meant a change of
leadership because well as anyone who's
covered the NFL knows Richard Sherman
Michael Bennett very outspoken the two
of the most dominant personalities in
that locker room and so maybe the
Seahawks felt like it was time and
turning over a new regime to allow some
new leaders in their locker room to
emerge the irony is that Michael Bennett
goes from Seattle to the Philadelphia
Eagles and so now he goes from a woke
team to even Walker team and it's
so it'll be interesting to see you know
how that plays out given the stances
that Chris Long and Malcolm Jenkins and
other Eagles have taken in supporting
Colin Kaepernick and also kneeling for
kneeling during the national anthem yeah
and speaking of Colin Kaepernick do you
ever determine going to the 49ers I mean
there's been a fair amount of criticism
that they wouldn't just you know resign
Kaepernick is it a kind of an irony that
they wind up now getting one of the most
vocal players in the NFL well not really
because one thing that did occur while
what Colin was there is that you know
Jed York one of the 49ers brass he was
very supportive of Colin Kaepernick the
49ers themselves they put some money
behind some of the causes that were very
important to Colin Kaepernick but yeah I
think in general this idea that you know
Richard Sherman is going to be quieter
or he's not gonna you know be the same
player we've known him to be because
he's with the 49ers or because he's at
this point in his career
I expect this guy to be just as
boisterous and outspoken as he always
has been
yeah and Michael Bennett we know is
writing a book with our friend Dave
Zirin
with a provocative title things that
make white people uncomfortable is the
book and he has had some personal
experiences with the police after the
horrific Las Vegas shooting he was
actually detained by police let's listen
to him and an incident outside of Las
Vegas club where he says two police
officers used excessive force on him
it's a tough situation for me
do I think every police officer is bad
no I don't believe that do I believe
there are some people out there that
judge people when the color is scare I
do believe that when people ask why I
sit down and this is why this is the
things that I go through what people go
through they look like me it does feel
to me like professional athletes have
gotten an elevated voice again in the
national conversation whether it's on
police brutality whether it's on the
president they're using that power and
there was a while where you professional
athletes weren't really using their
brands that way what do you think it is
this Trump that's triggering this kind
of woke miss among professional athletes
well if you look at maybe the last 20 25
years of professional sports I think
when Michael Jordan was the most popular
athlete in the world a lot of athletes
followed his lead
as everyone knows Michael Jordan's mo
was to be a political so then you move
out of that and now you're in the era of
not only Colin Kaepernick but LeBron
James two of the most outspoken athletes
and when you have the best players in
the world and especially someone like
LeBron James and even the Golden State
Warriors and the list goes on and on
when you have those guys out there using
their voices trying to get other
athletes engaged in political and social
discourse it's had a rub off effect now
all of a sudden you see a lot of
athletes who want to use their voices so
it wasn't just engineered by the
president I think it was just engineered
by understanding that in this time with
so much at stake with their position
with their platform that they have a lot
more to offer than just entertaining the
masses and so I think it's a lovely and
a beautiful thing to see because for a
while this was dormant and I think a lot
of them got complacent they got more
into their brands and into their
marketing they worried a lot about how
fans would react but I think they've
seen now with the money they have with
the position that they have that that
puts them in a better position to use
their leverage to be able to use their
voices to speak truth to power yeah
absolutely I mean I'm whether you it's
the Golden State Warriors who went to
the Smithsonian the black Smithsonian as
they call it instead of going to the
White House or Dwyane Wade meeting with
that young parkland the family of one of
the Parkland youth it's pretty it's
pretty impressive I want to really
quickly talk about very well as we as we
close you've actually also been very
vocal on Twitter and used your voice in
social media I mean do you feel a little
bit just a little bit here and there I
mean and and what is behind your
determination to keep on taking that
risk and using your voice and you get a
lot of heat for it well I guess I don't
necessarily see it as a risk because
it's always been a part of who I am you
know it's just hard for me to let
ignorant slide by you know and obviously
being in the position that I've been in
the last seven or eight months I've had
to encounter a lot of ignorance a lot of
racism a lot of sexism and so I think
it's important to make people understand
that Wow yes you have to have tough skin
in this business Jose you know it's also
not allowed yeah so that was me drawing
the line absolutely
well Jamel he'll next time on when I'm
in New York and you're in New York we'll
have to have you back on on some
whatever being here thank you take care
all right and coming up the top of the
hour Sam Nunn Berg the former Trump aide
whose wild media blitz made headlines
this week joins MSNBC live you do not
want to miss that but up next more am
joy live from Austin Texas
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
