to every line member of the media to the
Joanne reads the morning Jose the Mika's
to those who stayin honest reporting
with partisanship to those who bring
bias and propaganda to CNN The
Washington Post and The New York Times
your time is running out the clock
starts now
all righty then welcome back to am joy
this week in NRA extremism began with
that creepy web ad featuring NRA
spokesperson Dana Loesch who issued her
ominous warning that anyone who refuses
to cower before the gun lobby whether
it's the media disobedient politicians
and yes the joy and reads of the world
would soon see the sands run out as to
clarify what happens to us when the sand
in her little hourglass is drained Louis
clarified that it's something truly
frightening her web show comes on all
right here's the thing
the NRA created that ad just five days
before suffering a rare defeat in what's
usually their most productive state when
the Florida Legislature did something
that it hadn't done in more than two
decades it passed a bill into law with
gun restrictions in it and the governor
signed it the unprecedented rebuke of
the NRA is absolutely objectively the
result of the parkland shooting
survivors who have become powerful
student activists leading a movement
tagged never again and who along with
their parents lobbied for the bill
unburdened by the abject fear of the NRA
that normally grips politicians in fact
the Parkland students reacted to Dana
Loesch is old timey hourglass video with
the thing the NRA should fear the most
ridicule here's their parody ad
featuring parkland activist Sarah
Chadwick every spokeswoman with an
hourglass pleases their free speech to
alter locum who received a death threat
after sponsoring gun reform legislation
Gabriel Sherman of MSNBC and Vanity Fair
mayor Andrew Gilliam of Tallahassee
who's a candidate for Florida governor
and Curt bar della Huff Post columnist
USA Today contributor and former media
consultant for Breitbart thank you all
for being here represented Slocombe I'm
going to start with
you first you received a death threats
for introducing a bill restricting guns
tell us what was in your bill that so
offended people that people felt that
they had to threaten your life well what
was in the bill was registering all
firearms and every single one from the
pistols to the long guns to the semi
automatics to the assault weapon every
gun would be registered you would have
to go to the police department and get a
permit to purchase a gun and with that
you could go they would do a background
check they would check the mental health
and I'm still working on that part of
the the law because of privacy issues so
I'm working on that part of the law
going yeah no I also had ammunition that
would be behind a counter and a person
would have to show their permit and a
picture ID to purchase ammunition and
they would have to sign out how much
they were purchasing and how much they
were purchasing would be limited mm-hmm
well and that and these sounds like
completely common-sense reasonable
things mayor Gilliam you've gone up
against on the NRA and that's not to say
that the NRA had anything to do with the
the death threats against representative
Slocum but there is within the NRA this
attitude that the way that they should
fight against people trying to put in
place gun reform is to threaten them in
some way to say your time is running out
to use this very over-the-top language
Fred Guttenberg who we had on the show
who lost his fourteen-year-old daughter
the in the Parkland school massacre had
this response to the Dana Loesch video
that we played at the top of this block
and here is Dana Loesch in the video
talking to legislators who don't support
her members of the media who she called
out by a name a few days before this
video she had another video called a
call to arm if this was put out by a
terrorist organization we would be
raising the terror threat level in this
country
why are we letting this Lobby have
anything to do in DC I don't understand
it though Andrew I mean how much how
much do legislators fear not just the
NRA s money in terms of being able to
lobby against them but actually their
safety their physical safety if they go
up against people whose sole voting
issue issue in life the most important
thing to them is having as many guns as
they can get well I'll tell you first
off all of us should be prepared to
decry any threats of violence against
any individual I do hope joy that you
wear it as a badge of honor that you
were called out as one of those folks
who are calling out the NRA for their
tactics I mean and our law here in
Florida in Tallahassee it wasn't even as
courageous as the representative
mentioned it simply said you can't shoot
guns in city parks and in spite of that
they took us to court
we got overloaded with their emails from
their members from across the country
these are common sensical things and you
would even believe that members of the
NRA would agree that you know what if
it's 21 have a beer
what is so radical about it being 21 in
order for you to access a gun that
unfortunately an ar-15 that can take out
the lives of 17 individuals or 49
individuals in the case of pulse a
nightclub this it's simply unreasonable
but it gives you a sense of how far
they've been able to take this fight and
many of the states my state being ground
zero for that fight well I'll tell you I
beat them as a city councilman I look
forward to beating them as the governor
of the great state of Florida that there
will not be able to run roughshod over
us and over our state and the 20 million
people that call this state home and you
know gave you know there it's one thing
if the NRA were putting out you know
their sort of constitutional argument
for why they believe that you know
teenagers should be able to buy an ar-15
and they do put out position papers and
memos that they send to the press but
their public facing sort of argument the
videos they make to try to go viral to
try to give themselves sort of a a part
of the viral video conversation tend to
look more like this this is an ad called
freedoms safest space
and it's one of the ads that Fred
Guttenberg was referring to when he
likened it to something that a terrorist
group might put out they use their media
to assassinate real news they use their
schools to teach children that their
president is another Hitler they use
their movie stars and singers and comedy
shows and award shows to repeat their
narrative over and over again and then
they use their ex-president to endorse
the resistance the only way we stop this
the only way we save our country and our
freedom is to fight this violence of
Lies with a clenched fist of truth
clenched fists of truth and that's not
even one of the worst ads I mean they
have ads that evoke and Tifa and sort of
this violent sort of round uprising in
the world that you have to put down with
the clenched fist of truth and Samuelson
young way it was an activist who's very
prolific on Twitter said that that NRA
video that a video that came out in June
of 2017 is basically the white
equivalent of an Isis recruitment video
how does the NRA survive as a successful
Lobby long term if their tactics have
become so extreme that that's the way
they're being described well it's a
great question joy I think obviously the
defeat they suffered in Florida which is
one of the most expendable states to
basically unlimited gun rights is
evidence of their waning power I'm you
know what I'm struck by is really how
much of the rhetoric that comes out of
the NRA how little of it actually has to
do with guns I mean the the the the
organization is basically morphed into
kind of this paranoid conspiracy minded
fringe group that presents this
distorted picture of reality that
America is being undermined by you know
left-wing agitators and you know what I
find sort of ironic and and sort of sad
frankly is that the NRA let's not let's
not kid here is a lobbyist for gun
manufacturers and they're pumping out
this propaganda to gin up fear and
paranoia amongst their members so that
they go out and buy more guns which
pumps more profits into the
manufacturers who are paying to produce
these videos so in a certain way the
members of the NRA are the
unwitting dupes who are being you know
scared into just spending their money to
buy products of the people who are
making the videos yeah and Kurt bard
Ella they have really segwayed into a
pretty overt cultural argument and a
sort of quasi ethnic argument they're
appealing basically to the same kind of
people Donald Trump is trying to appeal
to when he says Mexicans are rapists
right and that gangs are running rampant
through the country and that you need to
be afraid of them all the time you know
we obviously understand who that
argument is based you know is is it sort
of directed at but does it make a lobby
more effective when they essentially
become a fringe group no I mean I think
the reality is the world the NRA is is
closing in on them and and they are
retracting they are getting smaller and
this is why they're jumping to such
extreme lengths here I mean joy every
weekend you provide a forum to have an
enlightened elevated conversation about
public policy into this course of this
country and their response to that is to
directly call you up by name and
effectively put a target on your back
we've seen now that there are plenty of
disturbed people in this country who
have unchecked access to weapons and
they're putting out the call that they
basically want them to take matters into
their own hands if something happens to
anybody in the media to anyone that
they've named check to anyone that
they've called out in these propaganda
videos the NRA has blood on their hands
it is their fault what they are doing
using these they put out another video
the other day where they referred to
Mika Brzezinski one of your colleagues
at MSNBC as a sexy anchor to try to
diminish her speaking out against gun
violence in America these are the
tactics that they use whether it's
violence or blatant sexism to try to
diminish the voices of people who are
responsibly reporting on the terrible
effects of gun violence in America the
facts aren't on their side the reason
why you don't see any facts any
substance in these ads is because all
the measures are against them even if
you look at polling of gun owners the
majority of whom actually support
responsible gun reform in this country
but they don't want to talk about that
say the resort to these kind of tactics
to try to racist Eric's to try to change
the debate to create that culture war
and at the end of the day what I'm
afraid of what I think is most dangerous
and disturbing is that there's going to
be some demented deranged person
who is an NRA devout follower who will
take them literally and try to take
matters into their own hands yeah and I
mean I think it's it's a legitimate
concern in Linda they are losing in the
policy debate suddenly after Parkland
there's been a sea change really in the
other direction just that in Iowa the
legislature voted down a
stand-your-ground type of law that was
trying to go through there you even have
the Department of Justice which is led
by somebody quite friendly to that sort
of you know Trump right Bart world start
to propose register later proposed
regulations banning so-called bump
stocks that would essentially clarify
the definition of machine gun in the
National Firearms Act and the gun
control act to include bump stock type
devices and to you know adjust federal
law accordingly so our legislators
despite these threats in this extreme
language getting more courage to
actually stand up to the NRA I would say
some are and some aren't they still have
quite a bit of power and there are a few
I have I have legislators colleagues who
have signed on to my bill as co-authors
but many are very frightened by the NRA
and the gun people who they believe
won't support reasonable gun legislation
for safety and my sense is in dealing
with many many emails and phone calls
that have been very threatening and very
rude from these law-abiding gun owners
has been I mean first off they do not
based on their emails and their phone
calls they do not like women much the
other thing is they're very afraid very
afraid and what their fear is from what
I've discerned is they're afraid that
the government is going to come into
their homes and take their guns and take
everything that they've worked for and
the government is they're afraid of our
government which
ringi very true with me it's an
unrealistic fear and and very sexist
I've been called every name in the book
yeah well I mean it's not as if they're
not being told that and Dana Loesch just
a think just a few years ago she was
selling super beet juice and now she's
selling fear and terror it's interesting
Thank You state representative Linda
Slocum Gabe Sherman and Mayor Andrew
Gilliam Kurt is sticking around and for
more on my take on this issue please
check out my latest column in The Daily
Beast entitled simply the nra is losing
and coming up Donald Trump's latest
attacks on the media hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
