Senator Schumer said on the Senate floor
yesterday all the Democrats are cool
with ending this on Friday now senator
Feinstein says no we need to take longer
how is that not moving the goalposts
like the allegations are serious enough
the stakes are high enough that a
thorough investigation should be
conducted if they can do that by
tomorrow then you know bring it up for a
vote but if they can't do that and
artificial deadlines I think you know
really brings into jeopardy the
credibility of the court we don't want
to Justice on there with asterisks next
to his name because there's all these
lingering question but it wasn't an
artificial deadline when Democrats were
originally calling for an FBI
investigation and said a week would be
okay so why is it artificial now well I
think they suspected or they hoped that
a week long investigation would
interview all of the witnesses when you
hear that Embassy and NBC is reporting
40 witnesses have not yet been
interviewed you know that sounds like
you know a rush to get this done
when there's really no reason that it
has to be done by Friday would you be
comfortable though with this Friday
deadline if this investigation ends
Friday are you cool with that should
Democrats be okay with that no not not
if there are witnesses who can go to
judge Cavanaugh s credibility or even
dr. Ford's credibility those witnesses
should be interviewed and also other
named victims who have come forward
should be in it so would you put a cap
on it at all I would say follow the
evidence the FBI there are experts in
this but if they are limited in what
they can do and then again now you're
putting the FBI right in the middle of
an election there you know again their
credibility is gonna be on the line
that's not fair to them President Trump
speaking of credibility went after
Christine Blasi for he called her
original a very fine woman very credible
here's what he had to say at this rally
overnight in Mississippi
how did you get home I don't remember
how'd you get there I don't remember
where is the place I don't remember how
many years ago was that I don't know
your reaction he's a leader of the
United States it's disgusting that he
would say that about any sexual assault
victim but what is even more disgusting
are that people in Congress Republicans
have really mostly said zero thank God
Susan Collins spoke up but I'd like to
hear others because it doesn't matter
you know what your politics are we
should all condemn someone who attacks a
sexual assault survivor is their concern
when you talk about the political piece
of this when you look at some new
polling that's out showing in certain
states there is increasing support it is
telling comment firing up conservatives
this is the red base for Brett Kavanaugh
you have some Democratic senators now
these precarious reelection positions is
it possible that this issue is firing up
conservatives more than Democrats and
could backfire come the midterms well I
don't want this to be about politics you
know and I worked as a prosecutor you
know I want this to be about people who
are assaulted feeling comfortable in any
part of the country in any state red
state or blue state that they can come
forward and they're not going to be
demeaned or have their motives
questioned and that real investigations
where there's a job interview or a
criminal investigation will take place
let me ask you about another story
that's making big headlines today and
that's this New York Times investigation
we keep calling it epic because it is
looking into the president these
questionable schemes on taxes the money
that he made you overnight said this
shows that the president was born into
privilege basically he's not this
self-made man suit let me push it
forward what should Congress do if
Democrats take back the house would you
support for example making a move to try
to get the president's tax returns doing
more on this the American people deserve
to know if their president is a cheat
and this president it's really about
credibility he told a lot of people that
he was successful and if he lied about
that how can they believe that he will
help make them successful so the House
Ways and Means Committee can actually
subpoena the RET the Chairman can ask
for the records by law Treasury would
have to turn over the president's tax
records the Republicans can put this to
bed by just doing that today the
president could put this to bed by
allowing that to happen but he won't so
I think it may take a Democratic
majority in January do you think it'll
fire up the voters fire again I don't
want to be about politics I think it
should just be about no one is
above the law is something that
Democratic and Republican presidents
have done and we should know you know
what what he has done in the past
especially with credible allegations
that fraud was committed extremely
quickly here Rob Rosen sign is at the
White House right now
for a previously scheduled meeting we're
told our producers watched him walk in
he is set to meet with House Republicans
I believe next week to talk about this
report that he was talking about a 25th
amendment etcetera you're a Democrat all
what are you gonna be there do you
expect to be at that meeting are
Democrats invited we're trying to get
into the meeting but you're not invited
you're not invited right now and again
that that's a shame and to have a
one-sided meeting with rod Rosen's time
again to try and I think direct you know
the investigation is improper firing rod
Rosen's time to me is the same as firing
Bob Mould I think most of my colleagues
view it that way that'd be committing an
obstruction of justice in plain sight
and it would just be you know Exhibit D
you know for I think an investigation
that'll take place in January
rod Rosen said of course the Deputy
Attorney General who oversees the
Special Counsel investigation
congressman swallow thank you for coming
on today I appreciate it thank you for
checking out our YouTube channel why
don't you subscribe it's really easy
just click on that button down there and
for more news from MSNBC click on any of
these videos here for the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more videos from MSNBC with our
newsletters head over to msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up
