but our new slogan when we start running
in can you believe it two years from now
is going to be Keep America great
exclamation point keep America great
good morning and welcome to am joy
coming to you live from Austin Texas
where we're attending the South by
Southwest festival so last night Donald
Trump managed to turn a rally for
Republican House candidate rick Ciccone
into a 2020 Trump campaign rally and a
chance to revise his presidential
history all 414 days of it and to set a
new as yet unprecedented bar for
unsettling bizarre behavior in office
remember I used to say how easy it is to
be presidential but you'd all be out of
here right now but he'd be so bored I
was joking and I said huh president for
life that sounds good maybe we're gonna
have to try when I was in China and
other places by the way I said mr.
president do you have a drug problem no
no no I said what do you tribute that to
well the death penalty so I would love
Oprah to win I'd love to beat Oprah I
know her weakness and that went on for
an hour and 15 minutes because
apparently that's how long it takes to
threaten drug dealers with the death
penalty take personal credit for the
Olympics make a public mockery of the
presidency of the United States and hurl
insults like this one and Maxine Waters
a very low i q-- individual
you ever seen you ever seen
we will impeach him we will impeach the
Pratt but he hasn't done anything wrong
it doesn't matter we will impeach him
she's a low IQ individual you can't help
well we thought cons when Maxine Waters
deserved a chance to respond and she
joins me now by phone
congresswoman good morning and happy
Sunday to you I'm sorry to always have
to good morning I hate to always have to
be reaching out to you in circumstances
where we're discussing insults against
you by the President of the United
States but your response to this display
that included a reference to your
intelligence last night well of him he
is expert at name-calling I understand
that in addition to continuing is
name-calling
of me return to my IQ and calling me
lower IQ they continue to attack
elizabeth warren nancy pelosi maybe made
some reference to open winfrey on and on
and on and he seems that he's
identifying and picking up more and more
women that he's attacking again I
expected this though this is not only
typical of him this is what this con man
does he diverts attention from himself
by attacking others but you know this
business about stormy is not going to go
away he can call us all the names that
he want to call us but you know our
special counsel Newland is connecting
the dots and last night in a speech I
said that but if some reason Muller does
not get him a stormy will and so we know
that this is going to go on I'm not
gonna run from it I'm not intimidated by
him and so he can keep calling names
I've got plenty for him as a matter of
fact everybody knows he's a con man he's
been a con man all of his life
long before he ever ran for office and
so this conman conman Don is going to
keep it up and again he's come for me
I'm coming for him
and you know congressman as I'm
listening to you and I'm watching the
images of Donald Trump reduced and put
them back up of him walking around that
stage and the people behind him he just
enraptured jumping up and down hooting
and hollering while he's hurling insults
as you said primarily at women but also
men elected officials people who are
duly elected representatives in the
first branch of government the article
one power of the United States and I'm
conscious of the fact that people around
the world can see this this is not video
that's just playing in the United States
the whole world is watching this display
not just of Donald Trump and of
Americans are you concerned that this is
what the world thinks of us now I've
been concerned about this presidency
it's quite unfortunate and I think
you're absolutely right people around
the world are wondering what happened in
America we have been held for the most
part in high esteem even when there were
world leaders or others that did not
agree with us they respected the United
States of America they respected the
presidency he certainly is not to be
respected again they're wondering what
happened to us and it's unfortunate that
he's got those kind of followers but
he's about division
and he's about dog whistling is about
dividing you know the various ethnic
groups in this country he is so
unfortunate for us and so it's going to
keep up it's not going to stop this man
has not only defined himself very
clearly letting everybody know that
again
he likes the kind of leaders that are
basically dictators and that's what he
wants to be but he'll never be more than
a con man and this business
about talking about liking the idea that
a president can be a lifetime er is
something that I think people know that
this is how he thinks and so we've got
to get rid of him I'm not gonna stop
saying it beat him I believe he should
be impeached I think we're on the road
to it I think it is possible and I'm
going to keep going after him also
consoling Maxine Waters thank you so
much representative the great state of
California thank you for your time this
morning thank you for calling thank you
all right let's bring in our panel
former Breitbart media consultant Curt
bard Ella Dana Millbank of the
Washington Post Washington Post
columnist EJ Dione and MSNBC political
analyst Jennifer Rubin eg I'm gonna
start with you
this display not just Trump but the
people around him the jumping up and
down and hollering and hooting and
enjoying this pretty embarrassing
display that an American president is
putting on what does that do to us you
know Donald Trump is entertaining those
people in that room but what does that
do to us well first of all I know you've
got to notice that it was in Moon
Township Pennsylvania which seems sort
of weirdly appropriate for an event like
that and by the way when a president of
the United States is taking advice on
criminal justice from a Chinese dictator
who is essentially as he said ruled
himself leader for life that should
disconcert us all I think we got to be
clear there is has always been a
far-right in America you can fill rooms
with people of those views I think the
question is do Americans send a message
to the world in for example the election
in Pennsylvania this coming Tuesday as
they did in Alabama by voting for doug
jones over roy more americans can send a
message that no this isn't us this is by
no means a majority view in the country
and that's very very clear in the poll
that most Americans reject Trump and a
lot most a very close to a majority are
very strongly against him nonetheless
you know the more Trump does this the
notion that he brings down our image in
the world there's no question about that
yeah Jennifer Rubin I want to play the
moment when Donald Trump who just for
context led his hollering hood and crowd
there to boo the American media the
press okay that's fine a lot of people
like the press but here was his reaction
to the idea of booing the dictator Kim
jong-un of North Korea
unbelievable let's listen it to that
South Korea came to my office after
having gone to North Korea and seeing
Kim jong-un and no it's very positive
after the meeting you may do that but
now we have to be very nice because
let's see what happens let's see what
happens
Jennifer you know did you ever think
you'd live to see the day when an
American president would have more
equanimity toward the dictator of North
Korea than toward his own Free Press you
know if it weren't for Kim Jong and the
autocratic leader of Russia of Vladimir
Putin Trump wouldn't like anyone in the
world but these two individuals and of
course President Xi of China are
definitely in his fan club and he is a
fan of theirs this is why some of us are
petrified about him getting in a room
with Kim and hopefully they'll figure
out some barriers to throw up so that
will never happen but Trump is both
easily flattered he's an easy mark as
many con men are and completely ignorant
so that when he meets with someone he
doesn't realize the implications simply
of meeting with them he doesn't have any
concern of course for human rights for
the atrocities of this regime where they
have starved millions of people where
hundreds of thousands are locked up in
work camps from which they will die in
which people are repressed and denied
any kind of us free expression so
this is who he is this is who he admires
and it is interesting he says that the
crowd would be bored if he was
presidential that is his highest aim of
course to entertain and to be admired
for being an entertainment it's not to
be a good president it's not to be known
to someone who did great things it's to
be entertaining and I would just say
during the campaign I got called a low
IQ reporter as well so I'm very proud to
be in Maxine Waters company yeah indeed
so Dana and I think that's a good point
because you know he talked about wanting
to you know beat Oprah and trying to egg
her on going after you know with more
pejoratives against Native Americans
Elizabeth Warren there's a theme to his
entertainment and it is it is ethnic it
is men against women it's the he-man
woman haters Club I guess if you want to
use a little rascals reference there's a
theme to it but it is incredible to me
that an American president he's not
running right now is still so interested
in sectioning off pieces of America and
saying he only wants to lead this small
part and he's content with that
in fact he's gleeful about it he is
although in fairness not only has he
said Jen Rubin has a low IQ and Maxine
Waters has a low IQ he did go after the
IQ of his own Secretary of State he was
a white male I am actually concerned
about the president he seems to be
running out of insults and he's
recycling them when he goes after low
energy or low IQ he has to use them
repeatedly over and over again or get
more vulgar as he did in the case of our
colleague Chuck Todd another white male
but yes of course and you just I mean
look at the background behind him there
he was bragging in his speech last night
that he got 52% of the vote
of women that's not true he got 52% of
the vote of white women but perhaps
those are the only ones that he's
counting I that may have been a really
Freudian slip there but look he gained
the presidency by increasing
dramatically the white vote particularly
the white male vote and the
african-american vote new immigrant
groups were suppressed if people turn
out in their proportion that they are in
America the proportion they do in
typical elections you don't wind up with
a Donald Trump in office not anything
nearly close to that
yeah let's actually play that out salt
we're gonna play the truck talks out
later let's play this on the soundbite
of Donald Trump claiming that he got a
majority of the votes of women women
won't like Donald Trump I said have I
really had that kind of a problem I
don't think so but women won't like
Donald Trump it will be a rough night
for Donald Trump because the women won't
come out we got 52 percent right 52
right okay so you know Kurt you know
Donald Trump lost the votes of the
majority of women Hillary Clinton got
54% of the votes of women so full stop
you did not but when you do break it
down by race as Dana mentioned Donald
Trump did get 53 percent of the votes of
white women and then lost every other
categories woman by a landslide
I you know I'm struck by you know you
worked a bit for Breitbart or consulted
with bright back for a while that people
talk a lot about the race the race angle
and aspect of the so-called alt right
but there is an angle that's got an
attitude toward women and toward
feminism and toward you know it there is
that part of it as well why do you
suppose that that kind of attitudinal
negativity toward women appeals to so
many right-wing women because I mean I
mean your experience I mean it wasn't as
if Breitbart was all guys that were
reading it right well and I think again
you look at look at those numbers and I
think it reveals that there's a segment
of this population who believes in the
role that women are somehow subservient
to men who believe that men are superior
who believe that the way that the world
order has been for so long too long is
the way that it should be and those are
the women who vote for Donald Trump now
it'll be interesting to see how all the
women who voted for Trump last time how
they feel now in the wake of things like
you have the story Daniel's thing going
on right now how do how do conservative
values quote unquote Christian women
feel about the president of States
having an affair with a porn star and
trying to pay her off with hush money I
think all of those things actually play
a really large impact culturally and how
they're gonna view Donald Trump and
whether or not they're gonna be
enthusiastic to come out and vote for
him I think so much what happened in the
last election too was not necessarily
about enthusiasm for Trump but also not
being thrilled with the idea of Hillary
Clinton being the only alternative they
could vote for that's not going to be
the case in 2020 and so I think you're
going to see a very different
composition of how the female electorate
votes next time down yeah very quickly
we almost forgot that this was supposed
to be a campaign reality for another guy
Ricks the cone the polling right now on
then Republicans Jennifer are worried
about it Connor Lam is at 42 Rick
ciccone is at 45 in the latest polling
that's within the margin of error
can we just quickly play a soundbite of
Rick's Acoma because he didn't even
really get to be a part of his own rally
last night but this is how he sounds in
Pennsylvania we're still clinging to our
guns and our Bibles he wasn't given more
time to speak at the rally oh well yes
this is always about Donald Trump and
all about Donald Trump but there's a
very important lesson here for Democrats
and that is good candidates generally
beat bad candidates and they have
encounter lam a very good candidate he's
charismatic he's well-spoken he is not
running as a Nancy Pelosi Democrat he is
running as a very much in the tradition
of Blue Dog Democrats a conservative
Democrat he's a veteran so I think it's
a good lesson for Democrats you run
everywhere and you run quality
candidates everywhere and you can
probably beat people like Mexico and the
fact Trump gave him a pejorative
nickname in that talk I think gives you
a sense of how worried Republicans are
yeah about that seat even though Donald
Trump could barely talk about his own
candidate yeah absolutely yeah and you
know what Connor lambs not running on
the slogan that was from the purge which
Donald Trump is we're gonna get into
more of this later in the show our
guests will all be back there
you go his new slogan Keep America great
it's from the purge up next the man
behind Trump's unpopular trade policy
stopped by am joy back in 2016 and it
was interesting interesting more on that
after the break
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
