I still think a law enforcement officer
should be the ones to protect our
schools I've heard all the arguments for
teachers to be armed and well this bill
was significantly changed on this topic
I am still not persuaded I know that
many believe this bill has too much gun
control
I respect the sincerity and the validity
of both of these we've once welcome back
to am joy
Florida Governor Rick Scott who has had
an A+ rating from the NRA for his
obedience on guns including urging no
legislative action after 49 people were
gunned down in the Orlando Knight Cub
massacre of 2016 and after five people
were killed in another rampage at the
Fort Lauderdale Hollywood Airport just
last year in action that benefited no
one except the NRA and its formidable
lobbyist Marion hammer that Rick Scott
bad Rick's got that same Rick Scott and
the Republican dominated Florida
Legislature on Friday finally stood up
to hammer and the NRA after initially
refusing to say how he would respond to
the bill in three weeks after a gunman
opened fire at a high school in parkland
Florida on Valentine's Day killing 17
students and teachers governor Scott
signed the first gun restrictions in
Florida in more than 20 years the new
law named for Marjory Stoneman Douglas
high school requires a three day waiting
period for most gun purchases bans the
sale or possession of bump fire stocks
raises the minimum age for purchasing
firearms to 21 and gives law enforcement
the authority to temporarily confiscate
firearms from those deemed mentally
unstable
the NRA naturally is suing the state of
Florida over that common-sense gun
legislation and by the way the bill is
far from perfect it also opens the door
to certain staffers but notably not
teachers other than ROTC instructors
voluntarily carrying concealed weapons
in schools and the Tallahassee Democrat
reports that the bill fails to allocate
enough money to fund its mandate that
every Florida school have an armed
school resource officer and yet the new
law fought for by the parkland students
and their parents is a rare victory for
advocates of gun reform and was
unimaginable just three weeks ago when
the legislature cowered before Marian
hammer in the NRA and refused to even
take up an assault weapons ban
and to victory described by parkland
survivor David Hogg as a small step in a
huge movement and only the beginning
join me now
mark Caputo senior writer for Politico
Nadine Smith of the LGB cute LGBTQ
advocacy group equality Florida former
Republican congressman david jolly and
brandon wolf a survivor of the pulse
nightclub shooting in orlando Brandon
I'm gonna go to you first to get your
reaction to the signing of this bill
yeah thanks joy listen first of all I
think it's really important not to lose
sight of who actually got this
legislation passed and that is the
parklands students that's their parents
that's their passion they made it clear
that the NRA is power has left the
building
that we're done having a conversation
we're done negotiating with them so I
think it's important not to forget that
piece and second of all I don't know if
anybody else on this show is here for
this but I'm not here to give Rick Scott
a Girl Scout cookie for showing up to
work he is 22 years late on this issue
he's still got an A+ rating from the NRA
and to me it's pathetic that two years
ago after the pulse nightclub shooting
took my two very best friends and 47
others he didn't care enough but now
that he wants another job and he wants
people to think he's doing something in
Tallahassee he's decided to pass
legislation so I'm sorry but he's just
doing exactly what he should have done a
long time ago and I think that is a very
fair criticism mark Caputo because you
know Rick Scott had some power here to
make alterations to the bill he himself
is on record being opposed to the arming
of teachers and schools he even said it
in his bill signing announcement he was
not for banning assault weapons which
was one of the parklands students asks
or first in the bill also doesn't
suspend ar-15 sales ban high-capacity
magazines or strengthen background
checks so a lot of people are seeing it
as pretty weak sauce pretty minor and
Rick Scott didn't use his line-item veto
to take out the thing he says he doesn't
want under Florida law Scott could have
used his line on a veto authority to
reject the funding of a 67 million
dollar guardian program that would allow
some teachers to volunteer to carry guns
after undergoing 132 hours of firearms
and 12 hours of diversity training
earlier the sweet Florida senators
tweak'd the bill in an attempt to make
it more appealing to Scot altering the
Guardian program to exclude those who
exclusively perform classroom duties ie
teachers and Scot added that he talked
to legislators about Reid averting funds
not used for the Guardian program to
employ more law enforcement officers and
said if he vetoed the bill that would
not be possible do you buy that
explanation of why he didn't veto
something he opposed well I guess
there's a few different ways to look at
it technically he is correct there's
something called the Legislative Budget
commission which is a Joint Commission
of House and State House and state
Senate leaders who get together
periodically to meet to readjust money
in the budget and if the money was
vetoed completely out of this bill and
out of this legislation it could have
made it more difficult to shift money
within the budget there he is right and
you are right you know sixty-seven
million dollars is not going to be spent
on this program it is a voluntary
program and all of the big urban
counties in large part because of the
outcry from the lawmakers in those
counties are not going to opt in to this
program they don't want to see more guns
in school as for Scott why didn't he do
more to get lawmakers just to take out
the as we're calling it the armed
teachers provision it's a good question
on one hand Scott's been around long
enough that he knows that you don't want
to get too far involved sometimes in
legislative fights because you wind up
just losing the other thing is is that
this is there's a delicate balance here
with for gun control advocates this
certain this bill certainly isn't very
far doesn't go far enough but the gun
rights folks really hate it and so as a
result of having to kind of appease both
the right and the left this arm teachers
thing was left in there the bill
ultimately did pass it was kind of
dramatic in the Florida Senate it only
passed by one vote so it gives you an
idea of kind of the delicate nature of
it in the end the big thing you know for
someone like me I'm not as a reporter
I'm the husband of a teacher who teaches
in a rough neighborhood in Miami and in
that school they get gunfire that comes
from the neighborhood toward the school
in some cases they've had bullets come
through the classroom me as the husband
of a teacher would really like to see
her windows of lease be bulletproof and
her doors be safe and this bill does do
that it does do that and it's
interesting to be bit well hopefully all
better said hopefully the lawmakers and
the school board will use the money
appropriately right and spent
like that because right now the school
and the classroom is not safe yeah it is
interesting how Nadine the the politics
on this I mean having lived a sort of a
really long time the politics and this
are actually really different that it
seemed to be that the pressure on
lawmakers was not to oppose the bill to
appease mare and hammer but to pass
something with the name Marjory Stoneman
Douglas on it right that they had to
pass something for the teachers like
Mark's wife because they were getting
demands from the teachers demands from
the students demands from the parents
and so the pressure was actually in the
reverse direction it normally is and the
politics were a bit flipped you had
Democrats you had House Democrats
bitterly divided on the bill Democratic
caucus well it's 21:9 against the bill
because of what they consider a poison
pill about the you know carrying of
weapons in school how do you see this
changing you're backing the no NRA money
hashtag that has already signed up
hundreds of people to say they won't
take the I raise money do you think the
politics really have begun to shift in
the other direction I do and again I
think it's the students backed by their
parents that have opened this store but
we can't ignore the fact that of course
it's an election year and the polling is
overwhelming that people want to see a
ban on assault weapons they want to see
the end of these high-capacity magazines
and they want to see much better
background checks and that the NRA
positions are out of sync now what we
have in Florida is 67% of Florida
legislators have an A rating from the
NRA so this is a little bit of a
loosening of the grip but at the end of
the day this is perhaps the least you
could do to distance yourself a bit from
the NRA and at a moment of intense
pressure coming you know the difference
between what happened in the wake of
pulse when 49 people were killed and
every single promise that rick scott
made has been broken or forgotten so
this is a contrast this is obviously
progress but it is so far from what they
had a golden opportunity to do so Marian
hammers grip on the Florida Legislature
may have loosened a bit but it's still
there yeah and I don't think I think if
you check the records probably one of
the first phone calls that Rick Scott
may
with Sumerian hammer I don't think the
lawsuit is a surprise and we really have
to treat this as the beginning and the
last thing I want to say about the
teachers arming arming staff you know
they stress the fact that it's voluntary
I grew up in the panhandle of Florida
the people that you really don't want
having guns in school are the people who
really really want to have guns in
school yeah and I don't want to amplify
that point just by playing Cynthia
Stafford a state representative Cynthia
Stafford from Miami making the
furthering the point about why it is so
dangerous the idea of arming people in
the classroom take a listen I believe
this is dangerous because there is an
implicit bias that exists against boys
and girls of color I am afraid that in
an emergency situation a black of brown
student who may be running down the hall
to get away like everyone else who
reaches for his or her cell phone to
call their parent may be seen not as a
student but as the shooter and I want to
amplify that point that that is not why
the NRA opposed the bill they're suing
because they're upset that teenagers
can't buy ar-15 that is what they say is
wrong with the bill they don't care
about that they just care about the fact
that they think and in their view
teenage girls ever should be able to buy
it because they don't think about
shooting pretty incredible David John I
want to go to you on this because the
point that the people who want guns the
most and are the most vociferous and
really extremist about this tend to be
people who you think yeah that is a
person I'd like to see restricted you
were threatened according to the Tampa
Bay Times by a man on who went on
Twitter and called for you to be shot a
fifty five-year-old Clearwater man has
now been arrested angered by the fact
that you have strayed from the orthodoxy
of the Republican Party do you see that
kind of extremism actually now
whipsawing on the NRA and hurting them
because they're associated with people
that crazy sure it should and it's a
product of 20 years of absolutism and by
the NRA but you know without going too
far into that case joy it is a perfect
case study of what we're having this
national debate over look in this
situation I don't know if the penal
system is the best route for this
gentleman or if the Mental Health System
is the best
what I do know is he should not have
access to firearms and I'm now involved
in litigation to try to ensure that I
think what we've heard from a lot of
guests today is that struggle between
optimism and realism it is mildly
historic that we saw a Republican
legislature in Tallahassee do something
but there really isn't a lot of history
and what's actually in the bill right
this realism that it harmonizes the age
and it harmonizes a waiting period the
new police powers when it comes to
mental health or people in distress are
important but it doesn't approach
high-capacity weapons it doesn't
approach comprehensive and you know
universal background checks it doesn't
approach the magazine issue either and
so is it enough to release a little bit
of the anger within the state yes but
I'd say watch out for March 24th because
there are Pat's on the back right now to
the Florida Legislature but across the
country on March 24th this issue gets
real again well it gets real branded but
you're also seeing you know I mean I
guess you know just being a very cynical
for Meridian you know any legislation
there in 20 years there hasn't been any
legislation that goes in this direction
on gun reform now you have at the NRA
seemingly hysterical they're suing and
you now have the Department of Justice
the Jefferson Sessions Department of
Justice preparing and filing regulations
to ban bump stops it does feel like it's
incremental but there's movement yeah
there is movement I think that we have
to acknowledge that right celebrate the
small wins while keeping the long-term
goal active and there's a reason that
the NRA feels hysterical and that's
because they've lost their grip on this
conversation the the fact that we have
17 and 18 year old students using
hashtag no NRA money tells you exactly
where this conversation is going because
we have a generation of students who
grew up thinking that mass shootings are
normal in this country and they're sick
and tired of it they're not afraid of
the NRA like former generations are
they're not under their thumb like
everybody has been NRA TV isn't reaching
them because nobody cares to listen I
think people like Dana Loesch in the NRA
are terrified of what's possible coming
from these teens I think you know the
NRA money campaign has reached over 80
million people on Twitter I don't know
if dana loesch has ever seen the number
80 million people ever in her life and
and that's what has the NRA the most the
most afraid is that this generation is
is not scared of them they're not scared
of taking them on and they're not scared
of having that conversation so I think
it's important to celebrate those small
wins but I don't think they're done yet
absolutely and Nadine you know to the
point of whether politicians are
becoming afraid of their association
with the NRA are you seeing that
absolutely we've got over 300 lawmakers
and candidates that have signed the no
NRA money org pledge it's also open to
voters people who are saying I will not
vote for a candidate that takes money
from the NRA
and we've seen since the beginning of
this campaign businesses fleeing as
quickly as they can from the NRA brand
people are asking questions you see the
the polling overwhelmingly supporting
the common-sense measures that David was
just talking about we cannot continue
down the path that the NRA the answer to
every problem with the NRA is more guns
and more guns and more guns so you know
one of the students asked okay so we
harden our schools and we arm our
teachers are we going to have armored
school buses and nightclubs do we have
armed Bart bartenders at Veterans homes
do we have armed nurses I mean at a
certain point we have to address the
fact that fundamentally being able to
fire up to 180 bullets and you know
about a minute is a problem that begins
with removing that possibility of
killing that many people that quickly
yeah off of the off of our streets and
market are you seeing your reporting our
Republicans starting to get that message
that they cannot stand for square of the
NRA and survive politically I think what
you saw the past few weeks is the
conservative lawmakers who are a rated
by the NRA they just shut up they didn't
say anything in fact on the House floor
when this bill was debated only one
Republican member who voted against it
spoke up and he incidentally is running
for attorney general and has been
running on a pro-gun platform but I
think the jury is pretty out on whether
this change is going to be followed up
by more change and whether these
lawmakers really perceive having an NRA
rating a rating is truly a negative
so far in Florida at least least
statewide it hasn't been and one of the
reasons for that is not the NRA money
but it's more of the NRA culture and
what they've been able to do is they've
been able to make guns and Firearms part
of an American cultural experience
especially for white people white voters
now we're starting to see a rise of
anti-gun voters and if they start to get
activated then we're gonna see something
we haven't seen but I haven't yet seen
that rise of true anti-gun voters yet
could happen could be happening right
now I think the jury is out we just have
to wait to the elections to see what
happens yeah in david jolly last word to
you on this because the NRA has sort of
aligned itself with the so-called
alt-right they've made it a cultural
issue they've been sent signals that it
is these sort of scary brown people that
you need to arm yourself for civil war
against and there's really crazy
messaging that next generation very
multiracial very multicultural they're
not interested in that message does your
party understand that this utter
alignment with the nra is actually
long-term dangerous Dick's Sporting
Goods deal pretty well having walked
away from them Walmart Delta you went
pretty well I think if you study the
word indeed of most Republicans no they
don't understand look the NRA has
successfully indoctrinated today's
generation of Republican leaders in
Congress but you're right the next
generation is going to be different well
we don't know joy is what side deals
were struck and what I say about that is
we know going into November the NRA and
Rick Scott will still be buddy-buddy if
you look at what the NRA did yesterday
they did not hit Rick Scott hard they
hit the bill hard but they didn't lay a
real hard Club on Rick Scott because
they know they need him long run a very
encouraging thing the lessons out of
what we saw in Florida right now is
first states can lead where Washington
fails to second citizens can lead I
think we'll see a salt weapons ban on
the on the ballot in Florida as a
constitutional amendment in probably
2020 but finally what we saw is if you
you are a Republican today not speaking
about more reasonable gun control you're
out of step with where the body politic
is in the heart of the country yeah
absolutely mark Caputo Nadine Smith
david jolly brandon wolf thank you all
and just a quick note one of the leaders
of the student movement ammidon solace
will be speaking tonight at the equality
florida gala the organization is
honoring student leaders of the Stoneman
Douglas high school
Straight Alliance of which Emma is the
president for more information head to
equality Florida org slash Miami gala
and coming up after being okay with
Donald Trump calling Nazis good people
calling Mexicans rapists and calling
countries shitholes Republicans have
finally found one thing that Trump does
that displeases them tariffs that's next
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
