The Washington Post reporting today
quote those two things together that a
Trump Organization email address was
used to facilitate the payment and that
the payment was linked to the campaign
would constitute a legal violation
stormy Daniels attorney appeared on this
network earlier today to refute Trump's
claims of ignorance Michael Cohen is a
licensed attorney under the New York
State Bar rules and attorneys in every
state have very specific rules that they
have to live by there is a requirement
meaning it's not optional that an
attorney inform his or her client at all
times of all material facts relating to
a negotiation a case etc so in this
instance if in fact mr. Trump was mr.
cohen's a client then there's no
question that mr. Trump knew all about
this and here to talk more about all of
this we have convinced farmer McQuaid
the former US Attorney for the Eastern
District of Michigan to stick around as
we need a lawyer yet again and Jonathan
Allen joins us our NBC News national
political reporter so Barbara I want to
show you something Preet Bharara one of
the few people who's actually been fired
since Donald Trump was president former
US Attorney for the Southern District of
New York
a man of equally keen intellect and
humor tweeted this tonight sometimes my
personal lawyer will just pay my
mortgage off without asking such a good
guy I'm lucky
obviously Barbara the former US Attorney
is having some fun there but it does cut
to the heart of this doesn't it
yep Reid has a keen wit but I think he
is homing in on the issue here which is
you know lawyers don't give you $130,000
for nothing and they have a duty to keep
you apprised of what they're doing on
your behalf and so as the lawyer for MS
Daniels said lawyers communicate with
their clients they have a duty to
communicate with their clients so the
idea that Michael Cohen did something
and didn't communicate that information
to Donald Trump would be a lapse of his
ethical duty so it doesn't really seem
plausible let's talk for a minute about
the
a new attorney for stormy Daniels as a
motor racing fan a lot of us know his
name from the endurance car circuit he
has many starts under his belt as a
racecar driver he has raced at LeMans
and Daytona and Sebring in Florida in
endurance races to the legal side of his
life tonight he went on CNN and unveiled
another new email it's an email that
happens to make mention of the Yom
Kippur break it looks ordinary but he
went into detail tonight on why in his
view it's far from ordinary we'll listen
to that now why is this important the
reference to Yom Kippur in the office
because it appears to be rather
innocuous when you when you look at it
and we insert your we assert actually
that it's not an oculus because if in
fact the payment was being made
personally by attorney Cowan he wouldn't
need his office open in order to
effectuate the payment your opinion on
that one Barbara well it's an
interesting point I suppose the idea is
that he's using the office because this
is corporate funds that are being used
for this this payment and the reason
that would be significant also the you
know the email from coming from the
Trump Organization you know suggests yet
another link to a corporate entity and
the campaign finance laws prohibit
donations from corporate entities they
only allow donations from individuals
and so if the funds were either paid for
by the Trump Organization or reimbursed
Michael Cohen that would be a violation
of campaign finance laws a criminal
violation all right Jonathan now we need
a journalist to sarah huckabee Sanders
she introduced this notion of
arbitration from the podium this week
the questions continued to pile up today
she's continuing to deflect does this
cycle just remain the same in your view
yeah I think this is a story that's
going to keep going for quite a while
because of the political nature of it
you know on the legal side the Federal
Election Commission is essentially
impotent and has been for years to the
extent that they ever were interested in
recommending prosecution of criminal
potential criminal violations of
campaign finance laws they they
essentially have not done that very
often in the past and prosecutors and
juries don't seem particularly
interested in that however you do have a
story where you of an adult film star
alleging that she had an affair with the
President of the United States and that
she was paid hush money in order to make
sure that he won the presidency I can't
believe all those words just came out of
my mouth much like I can't believe that
I used to work computer to put the name
stormy Daniels into a Google search
earlier today to read some of the
stories this stuff is pretty incredible
I think it will continue for some time
you're starting to see some pressure
from from Democrats talking about this
on Capitol Hill a lot more because
they're I think they're frankly
surprised that there aren't more
Republicans that are concerned about
this issue Jonathan it's new territory
for you for me for Barbara for everybody
who has a role in covering this and I
have to ask you though is this a new
standard of measurement this is our
president in the post access Hollywood
world I mean certainly it's a new
standard it's unprecedented you know we
keep saying that word for for this
presidency I'm not sure that it is a
standard that other presidents will be
able to to have applied to them I think
Donald Trump is a unique a unique figure
in American politics
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
