thing one tonight Donald Trump changes
his mind about a lot of things but one
issue where he's been unwavering his
infrastructure we have to rebuild our
country we have to rebuild our roads and
our bridges and our tunnels we will
build new roads and bridges and tunnels
and highways all throughout our land
we're gonna make our infrastructure
modernized infrastructure we're gonna
start spending on infrastructure big and
not like we have a choice it's not like
oh gee let's hold it off we could
rebuild our crumbling infrastructure and
we will well there's a perfect project
ready to go right now in Trump's home
state rebuilding the crumbling
century-old rail tunnel underneath the
Hudson River connecting New York and New
Jersey the tunnel serves about 200,000
passengers every weekday and it's key
view 20% of the nation's GDP fixing it
seems like a no-brainer right so it was
well surprising when President Trump
told Republicans in Congress not to fund
a project to build new tunnels the
Washington Post calls it a direct
challenge to a key political rival New
York Senator Chuck Schumer who has been
among the most powerful and vocal
backers of federal funding for the
project so while a project that
Democrats and Republicans say is
essential to a fifth of our economy is
out at least for now there is a smaller
one nearby that the Trump administration
curiously does seem rather interested in
and would it surprise you if Jared
Kushner was somehow involved that's
thing too in 60 seconds
so Donald Trump is reportedly trying to
kill a massive tunnel between New York
and New Jersey just despite Chuck
Schumer but elsewhere in the tri-state
area down the Jersey Shore in Long
Branch the Trump administration is
involved in a much smaller
infrastructure project developing a
ferry service that would bring
passengers to the doorstep of a resort
co-owned by none other than Jared
Kushner the president's son-in-law who
along with solving Middle East peace has
been known to advise his pops on
infrastructure the Federal Transit
Administration has been advising the
town of Long Branch with the project
which as the AP notes places the federal
government in the awkward position of
helping steer a project that would
benefit president Donald Trump's
son-in-law and senior advisor since the
value of those condos co-owned by
Kushner could rise as much as 50% if the
project is completed and given Kushner's
role advising Trump on policy issues
ranging from Middle East peace to
infrastructure some question whether
those small town business ties now pose
a conflict of interest rebuilding
america one Kushner project at a time
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
