Trump wants Friday March 9th 2018
president Trump is aiming high he's
hoping to kill the nuclear threat from
North Korea and a high-stakes meeting
with the country's dictator who among us
doesn't wanted to succeed who among us
doesn't worry that it could fail living
perhaps to an even more heightened state
of danger in agreeing that partly Trump
is committing himself to historic
challenge he is now the little boy
President Kennedy once imagined who
throws his cap over a wall to force
himself to climb over it once having
agreed to a meeting Trump must now
contend with all the consequences he's
not the first president to trap himself
into a contest that offers Swift victory
but also colossal embarrassment or
something worse Richard Nixon went to
China in 72 splitting the world's two
greatest communist powers and opening
the diplomatic door for us to Beijing
Jimmy Carter invited Egypt's Anwar Sadat
and Israel's Monacan bagan to Camp David
a Conclave that forged the treaty
between the Jewish state and what was
then it's great as strategic danger
Ronald Reagan forged an historic
personal tie with Soviet leader Mikhail
Gorbachev signaling the end to the Cold
War before all these events there was
one directly affecting Korea in the
midst of the Korean War with 20,000
Americans already killed in that
conflict
five-star General Dwight Eisenhower made
this promise on the eve of the 1952
presidential election I shall go to
Korea within months of taking office
President hour succeeded in brokering an
armistice on the Korean Peninsula that
has sustained to this day like made that
promise in 52 based on a certain unique
track record he Dwight Eisenhower was
the Allied leader who accepted the Nazi
surrender just seven years earlier for
Donald Trump success in North Korea
would be less of a proven leader
delivering on his track record than that
of a nuclear stakes case a beginner's
luck but then again what normal person
isn't hoping it works
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
