would we be on the verge of the
president losing another cabinet
secretary the Washington Post is
reporting there's a mutiny happening at
the Department of Veterans Affairs
NBC News confirms they're reporting that
VA secretary David Shulkin is at odds
with the senior staff and according to
the Post
shokan has even revoked some staffers
access to his executive suite to keep
them from reporting back to the White
House about VA meetings and apparently
he's also positioned an armed guard
outside his office this is all just the
latest in a series of negative headlines
about the VA including deplorable
conditions at a DC area hospital an
ethics probe into shulk ins travel and a
high turnover among the senior staff so
how much jeopardy is Secretary Shogun's
job in joining me now is the Washington
Post reporter who first broke this story
lisa ride he said it was the story this
morning was sort of breathtaking in this
idea that he's got an armed guard
outside his office what's going on I
know everyone picks up on that
that one's a hard one to sort of ignore
yeah that's a little detail there Lisa
thanks so you know P is this really
challenging agency to run 360,000 people
only the Defense Department is bigger
and there's always some scandal and you
know it's veterans so people care so
much especially President Trump so David
Shulkin comes in he's well-liked but he
has this one kind of problem which is
he's an Obama administration holdover
and I think that a lot of the political
appointees of the White House put in to
work at VA some of them very senior
people were suspicious the president
Trump appointed David Choe so how did he
get into the president's good graces to
get the job one that I was you know
there was the cabinet appointments most
you know yet some that Mike Pence
handled and some that Donald Trump
handled this is one he cares a lot about
absolutely and by all accounts Shulkin
he's a doctor he's a former hospital
administrator he's an extremely
confident guy but I think that there was
a suspicion of him in large part over a
really controversial policy issue that
might seem arcane to people who aren't
veterans or in the government but it has
to do with private care and whether
veterans should
more access to seeing private doctors
outside this system and there's a lot of
money involved the Koch brothers are
intimately involved in this they have
put lots of behind them no big contracts
or contracts that some companies are
trying to get with the VA and that
Shelton's trying to stop well it's it's
more the sort of debate over it's an
ideological issue right so conservatives
in the administration want more what
they call choice and they want they
don't they mistrust government buzzword
during the VA scandal when it was
getting a lot of attention a couple
years ago exactly and there's a
suspicion that VA is a big bureaucracy
there have been scandals over you know
wait times in 2014 people fudging the
list for wait times and so Shulkin has
been more of a moderate on this issue
and there were people there are at
political appointees both in the White
House and at VA who want him to go much
further and allow you know more private
care there is a point in the Trump White
House where you can get too many
negative headlines and it seems as if
secretary Shulkin is acquiring quite a
few negative headlines I showed some
others gravel one in particular and then
having a DC area VA
suddenly be bogged down and really some
of the same issues that we thought the
VA was fixing over the last three years
that's right so first what happens is
about a month ago the Inspector General
comes out with this report on a trip ten
day trip he took to Europe with his top
staff
six people on his security detail went
his wife went at taxpayer expense he
accepted some Wimbledon tickets as a
free gift from a concert promoter a
promoter of the Invictus games and there
were enough problems and sort of ethical
lapses with that trip that the Inspector
General pointed out that it didn't look
good and he acknowledges he made
mistakes but I think what happened was
that he is enemies at VA who already
didn't trust him didn't trust him on
these policy issues you know they had
chafed at his leadership kind of you
were able to use that to sort of start a
coup so he's in big trouble well here's
the fascinating I I actually think that
he has been saved by the fact that the
president has always liked him
he says a personal rapport with him he
has a personal rapport with them they're
both yorkers they're brash they say what
they think and so I also think that the
White House does not want another
cabinet secretary remember we had Tom
Price who resigned over in a travel
scandal they don't want the loss of
another cabinet secretary right now when
they've got this Russia investigation
they don't forget looks like it's a mess
too right now Ben Carson's getting
that's why under scrutiny so and not
only that but interior secretary Ryan's
inky you know today it was reported or
yesterday that he spent more than a
hundred thousand dollars on a new door
for his office cuz some people have to
stay in the cabinet is what you're
saying I think so not only that Shulkin
is actually a very very competent
administrator so I think for now the
White House has said look we're gonna
bite this one problem is the appointees
who he doesn't get along with are still
there and so they're their governing
together and that cannot be a good
recipe for 7m together with armed guards
with an armed guard outside his office
there isn't Lisa Ryan
fascinating thanks for shedding a lot
more light on what is behind all this
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
