join now by the MSNBC contributor and
former ambassador to South Korea Chris
Hill ambassador Hill welcome sir
well much I just want to get your first
reaction when you heard that the
president accepted this basically
no-strings invitation your first
reaction well you know I spent four
years talking to the North Koreans I
never had a day like that it was quite
extraordinary I first of all I thought
it was of course a mistake but sure
enough he did that and of course as
you've alluded to he did it without the
benefit of any advisors etc so here we
are I guess two months out from this
meeting I'm not really sure who the team
is as you know Jo Yoon is is gone it was
the person in charge of the negotiations
you know we don't have an ambassador in
South Korea so they've got a lot of work
to do otherwise this is just going to be
as I guess President Trump predicted
when he was campaigning a sort of
hamburger summit for no apparent reason
so you know a lot to do here yeah it is
what's interesting to me is how it seems
as if foreign policy folks from either
side of the aisle have some skepticism I
want to play both Susan Rice today with
Andrea Mitchell and Rex Tillerson
yesterday take a listen to both there's
a real risk I'm afraid that if we dash
into this without proper preparation the
President himself drives to conduct a
substantive negotiation without the
benefit of experts that we could well
fail and in the context of failure I
think the risk of conflict increases
we're a long ways from negotiations I
think it's we just need to be very
clear-eyed and realistic about it I
don't know yet
until we are able to meet ourselves face
to face with representatives of North
Korea whether the conditions were right
to even begin thinking about
negotiations ambassador hill I played in
both back to back because I was struck
by here's the Obama national security
adviser and the Trump Secretary State
and I couldn't tell the difference and
they were basically speaking from the
same song sheet well I think what was
going on with Susan Rice was explaining
well we didn't do anything for eight
years on this because we never felt
there was an opportunity frankly they
were very worried about getting into
something like this mainly because the
Republicans in opposition would have
just gone after them like you wouldn't
believe
so you know they had a reason to kind of
get back
actually let me there would if the
reaction been Barack Obama
what would Tom cotton had said if Barack
Obama had said I'm meeting one-on-one
with Kim jong-un I don't think I can say
what he'd say on family time TV but it
would not be kind you know anyway go
ahead with the secretary Tillerson what
he was and then I thought what's
interesting there is he's emphasizing
we're not negotiating anything yeah what
was interesting use it was exactly what
he said yesterday before he evidently
knew that this was going to happen he
said we're a long way from negotiation
and lo and behold we seem to be about 20
minutes away and so the next day he said
what we're a long way from negotiation
look the points well-taken but I guess
the problem with North Korea's are never
any good options it's not like we're
saying well we want to talk instead of
doing X and X is really terrific as you
know they've been talking about this
bloody nose scenario which frankly
speaking to anyone who understands the
situation there makes absolutely no
sense so I'm not surprised that they
look at this the issue is you know the
South Koreans have come to them they
said look we think there's an opening I
think out of respect to our allies the
South Koreans I mean that's the whole
point of being on the Korean Peninsula
we should say hey South Koreans we're
going to have our very close look at it
but I think we're as we say in Colorado
out on the front of their skis there I
want to emphasize the South Korea point
because I know we keep looking at this
through the lens of either Kim jong-un
or Donald Trump but this is a different
administration in South Korea they have
a different previous administrations in
South Korea would have not even brought
a letter like that to an America because
they wouldn't have wanted to to have
that they wouldn't have seen it as in
their interest to see this happen this
is a different South Korea right now
correct this is and I must say president
moon has been extremely good about
handling this I mean what I like about
him is he says the same thing to
different people and so he doesn't put
any extra spin on the ball here so he
said I think a very very experienced
national security adviser he said look
this is what we heard from them and I
think it's fair enough I think secretary
Tillis it was absolutely right we need
to talk to the North Koreans we need to
test some of this stuff we need to
frankly we need to get together with the
Japanese or we're going to be very
nervous about all this and by the way
even the Chinese are I think a little
hola
where are the child shore well the
Chinese have done a lot in terms of
sanctions they get some credit for that
but I'm not sure they're too pleased
with the idea that the North Koreans
have gone ahead and pretended that China
doesn't exist and I think a big part of
this is normal as the nor North Korean
saying to the Americans we got to deal
with you we don't need to deal with the
Chinese and I think this is sort of Kim
jong-un's great contribution here
because he he wants to reject what his
father did which was to have a close
relationship with the Chinese even perp
walking his uncle out of a party meeting
and having him killed and his uncle was
a symbol of Chinese influence in the
North Korean government all right say
president Trump says Chris Hill you're
putting this together where does this
take place where would you have
physically have this summit well first
of all I'd want to know from the
president what does he want to see
accomplished if we're gonna have
denuclearization we need to agree on I
don't know 20 steps from the North
Koreans that we need to be prepared to
do things for the North Koreans that
want to assistance they'll want all
kinds of things so I'd like to kind of
lay that out and say now do I
we gonna try to make this summit part of
this process toward denuclearization or
do you want to just kind of say kind of
explore with kim whether he's really
interested in denuclearization so those
things have to be handled i must say
with respect to the venue when I was
involved with the Dayton Peace Accords
on Bosnia you know there was an idea
well let's bring this hat Mary crowd of
people like Milosevic to Washington and
the Clinton administration said my
goodness please don't do it in
Washington can't you find some out of
the play place with barbed wire around
it and we ended up with wright-patterson
Air Base so I I suspect if we're gonna
do it in the US it'll be something like
that and then my advice to Donald Trump
would be please don't travel to North
Korea there's a travel advisory there
and for very good reason I think it's
gonna be in Alaska why not how about
that that's about halfway and and it
would be a little isolated that quite
barbed wire but you know a little frozen
tundra yeah something like that wouldn't
make sense maybe even on a ship
somewhere ah there you go I bet you the
president would like doing it on a ship
and bastard he'll it's no but he's done
before I have a feeling we will be
talking quite a bit in the next couple
of months on this exact topic thank you
sir hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
