you know michael cohen you've known him
for many years you defined for us who is
he I love him I mean he's the secretary
of loyalty you know he's a little brash
there's no question about that but we're
all from New York so were styled that
way but he's just reporters and said he
would and then the things so I haven't I
haven't been privy to those
conversations but but I know he's he's
tough he's very honest at least he has
been with me and I know he's very loyal
to the president um does that loyalty
extend to trying to bury or silence a
story that could potentially harm him in
a presidential campaign so you know I'm
caught blind by the whole story I don't
know the facts of the case and so you
know to me I'm gonna take the president
at his word I do think that the one
problem is when you're a public figure
the the arrows are coming in from every
which direction what hasn't been the top
of the show is the great jobs number
that was just printed to 330 thousand
jobs it just will were announced today
this morning as I told we're gonna get
all that stuff later in the hour and all
the other things we're talking a little
bit about stormy though no no I
understand we want to talk about stormy
but I want to I want to take you back to
October 7th yeah because you wrote a
great book about the campaign and
October 7th was a pretty big day in our
campaign and the American people learn
something about the candidate on that
day and then they decided to vote that
candidate into office and make him
president so we can sit here and talk
about his private life but the American
people have a pretty good idea of what
the president I think the sort of
behaviors all baked in it doesn't matter
I didn't say that I'm saying I'm saying
that the the president's private life
the American people have decided doesn't
disqualify him for the great job that
he's doing his president that's what I'm
saying you guys may think that but at
the end of the day there was a lot of
information about the president before
he was elected president that was
litigated by the American people and you
know listen in other countries people
don't focus on this stuff as much as we
do that's a fair argument to say people
knew about this and voted for him anyway
fine what about the argument that legal
analyst I get we could a little bit of
fist bump
what about the argument that legal is so
good way I can't even listen I'm feeling
so good about that but go ahead what
about the argument that legal analysts
have that this is an issue of blackmail
when you have somebody who has something
negative about the President of the
United States they can use that as
leverage against them are you concerned
about that okay so so let's address that
so I and I get Jonathan's point about
that but but at the end of the day in
this genre as it relates to this
president I don't think the guys
blackmail abalzer
again I don't know the whole facts of
the case I don't know who was involved
with who it seems like it was based on
what I've read it was Michael's money
that got paid to stormy Daniels is that
not true
I don't know if it is or it isn't I
haven't talked about that but I'm just
saying so the president has been
implicated I don't know the facts of the
case the president's denying that he had
any relationship with her
Michael paid money apparently I think
that's part of the case what are the
facts I heard the president go on the
record denying it I haven't heard him
deny it either but here's what I'm
saying is what I know about public life
is there is a seam of confusion and
sometimes inaccuracy between the real
story and the surmise of the real story
so I don't know the facts of the case of
what can I say to you Michael Cohen in
general the Special Counsel looking into
him it's he in trouble no have you
talked of it all recently I had
breakfast with him this morning how's he
doing I think he's doing well I think
that any time that you get this kind of
press speculation I mean listen I've
been rolled in broken glass for like six
or seven months and so you know I'm a
little numb to it now and it doesn't
matter to me as much as it did in the
beginning but when you're taking in
coming and your name is plastered
everywhere and it's not plastered
necessarily in the most positive way
it can be distressful saminin berg said
michael cohen there's nobody more loyal
to Donald Trump than Michael Cowen
Michael Cohen has told me that he would
take a bullet for Donald Trump seriously
goes back along with the president
secretary of loyalty same number said
though of all people he's the one that's
going to be the most left behind by the
president in the end mm-hmm the White
House I don't really think that well
again you have to ask the president you
have to ask Michael Cohen about that
know why I wasn't in the Whitehouse I
mean there were there were strategic
forces inside the swamp that blocked me
from my interest of the White House you
know why I wasn't in the White House and
so do I I don't know what that same
thing happened to Michael Cohen or not
he'd have to address that with you but
you know there's a there's a weird thing
about the people that are super loyal to
the president I've been very loyal to
the president so is Michael there's a
good people and watch it don't
necessarily like that type of tide and
loyalty to the president at the White
House those people made it well that's
the president's decision president
decided that he wanted to go with a
group of people that had Washington
experience that were keepers of the
swamp and so he's trying to drain the
swamp with elements inside the White
House that are keepers of the swamp and
we'll see how it plays out in the
meantime though if you look at the
economic dashboard you look at the
regulatory dashboard you look at the
potential peace accord that you can have
in North Korea guys doing a phenomenal
job last question you said something
untoward a bit disrespectful about one
of our colleagues I appreciate you know
I Rachel Maddow I said something this
morning I'm a little off the cuff as a
human being and again I apologize for
the remark I did put out on Twitter a
public apology
I used the word suppository on
television it was a little bit of a joke
it's better for late-night television
and it didn't play well on I apologize
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
