so let's take a clear-eyed and realistic
look at the reality on the ground in
North Korea and its military
capabilities the North spent about three
and a half billion dollars on military
efforts every year from 2004 to 2014
that's according to numbers from the
State Department now that is a massive
expenditure it's about a quarter of that
country's gross domestic product a
quarter of everything that country does
economically the most worrisome military
project is its nuclear program which has
grown by leaps and bounds in recent
years the extent of the nuclear arsenal
is largely unknown but many experts
believe the nuclear program obtained
enough fissile material that's the stuff
necessary to make a nuclear weapon for
anywhere between 10 and 20 bombs though
a US intelligence analysis puts that
number at upward of 60 bombs now the
Hermit nation has conducted six nuclear
tests since 2006 the latest one was back
in September and it indicated that the
North may have developed the technology
to create a hydrogen bomb which is a
much more powerful weapon than a simple
atomic device hand-in-hand with nuclear
development Kim jong-un loves announcing
new missile ranges experts analyzed
North Korea's last ICBM launch and says
it could likely reach anywhere in the
continental United States the only steps
left are miniaturizing a nuclear bomb
and creating a warhead that could
survive re-entry into the atmosphere
because nuclear missiles go like that
but the nuclear capabilities are not the
only danger according to analysis by the
u.s. and South Korean defense apparatus
north korea has about 1600 military
aircraft jets and helicopters and almost
700 naval ships more than 4000 tanks
2500 armored vehicles and 5500 rocket
launchers that's on top of hidden
artillery pieces positioned along the
Demilitarized Zone that's between North
and South Korea pointed directly at
Seoul but the north is probably most
potent in its cyber capabilities the
country flex that muscle you'll remember
in 2014 with the hack of Sony Pictures
retaliation for the Seth Rogen and James
Franco movie called
interview that lampooned the country and
its leader it also attacked banks and
services in South Korea and Malaysia and
there's increasing evidence that North
Korea was behind the 2016 attack on the
New York Federal Reserve account at a
Bangladeshi Bank netting them 81 million
dollars now so this mixture of fledgling
nuclear and potent cyber threat is the
backdrop to president Trump's upcoming
meeting with kim jeong-hoon all of this
factors into Tillerson x' calls for
talks about talks before taking any
action but this morning he was forced to
confront the new dynamic joining me now
New York Times columnist Nick Kristof
president and and the presidency of the
Woodrow Wilson Center former
congresswoman Jane Harman welcome to
both you thank you for being with me
Jane let me start with you secretary
Tillerson says the conditions and time
are right quote in the president's
judgment do you believe the president is
right well Chinese commentator this
morning called us a happy surprise I
think the time is right to move away
from military threats and whose button
is bigger and start talking
I give Tillotson a lot of credit I mean
he set the stage Trump may have derided
him but he was there I give the Republic
of Korea South Korea huge credit for
this perhaps the Chinese played to and
oh by the way the US Congress insisted
on very strong sanctions continuing them
on North Korea so there were a lot of
players that set up the opportunity for
president Trump what should he do with
this opportunity has to be carefully
considered including by him I mean
blowing this would be a tragedy and
giving the Republic of giving the North
Koreans the DPRK an equal stage is a
hard thing to contemplate given the fact
that in addition to your list Ally
they are also exporting some of the
ingredients to help the Syrians these
chemical weapons on their own people so
this is a dastardly regime so you bring
up meet with you bring up a good point
what success looks like Nick let me ask
you this Republican senator Cory Gardner
talked about the diplomatic risks
involved when he was on Morning Joe this
morning let's listen if the result of
this meeting is not verifiable concrete
steps to denuclearization it will be a
failure and then the president is going
to be under tremendous pressure because
that new redline has been set to act
because if the meeting with the
President of the United States and
doesn't achieve this result what is left
of diplomacy so this is interesting
because Tillerson talks about this is
being talks about talks we've seen this
with Nixon we've seen this with Reagan
where the president goes to break the
logjam and then lots of things happen
thereafter but you and I were talking
earlier and you're wondering whether
this is the this is backwards should
there be talks that lead up to the two
leaders of the country meeting as
opposed to the two leaders meeting and
then talks happening that's right I mean
there is one pivot here from saying that
talks will lead nowhere toward to having
direct talks and that is very productive
but the way you do to wreck talks is you
have skilled negotiators who carefully
go through these issues and verification
is indeed a huge issue on any kind of
denuclearization and then you offer the
presidential visit is a carrot at the
end of the process so it seems very
strange to me that I mean look I think
this is misperceived in some quarters as
a huge concession by North Korea the
truth is in North Korea has been
desperate to have a presidential visit
for four decades and we've given them
what they want without extracting useful
concessions Jane let's talk about that
for a second what you've written you
wrote not bad actually in September 2016
calling for talks and I suppose when
some have said things a bill Richards
and said look things couldn't be worse
so why not actually do something that
breaks the law gem should there be any
requests in return for this now it looks
like the South Koreans brought this
letter from kim jeong-hoon to Donald
Trump and he
very quickly accepted and said that by
the end of May something will happen
they will meet is that okay or should
there be something else in place well
this has happened so quickly that I
think everyone has to has to take a deep
breath and think about what the steps
have to be the North Korean so far as I
know have said that they don't expect us
to stand down with respect to military
exercises with the Republic of Korea so
they're not asking for that what are we
asking for I I agree with Nick what are
we asking for I assume a stow ttle
suspension of any form of testing and
they probably know that since they are
not doing it right
yeah a bigger list of things but again I
think the meeting is a happy surprise
I think the threats and the button
comparisons and the you know the storm
and fury that they've never seen before
that was terrifying and and absolutely
wrongheaded what do you make of the fact
that the president has spent the last
two weeks mostly talking about China and
trade he imposes these you know the
steel tariffs yesterday it was about
national security and a couple days ago
it was about Mexico and Canada but when
it started it was about China and there
was this aggressive stance and two days
ago the president tweeted an aggressive
stance about China but as Jane points
out the South Koreans have wanted these
talks for a long time and the Chinese
must be involved in this in some fashion
the Chinese are delighted to have the
talks as well I mean you know both China
and South Korea I think are really
nervous about the prospect of a war in
their backyard and direct talks as I say
would be a really healthy step forward
but I kind of feel as if the president
has been played that we have given North
Korea what it wants in the terms of the
you know they desperately want
credibility right desperately want
recognize high-level talks for Kim
jong-un puts him on the level of the
President of the adze let me agree with
that he may be played but I don't go
where Lindsey Graham is going today in
his tweet which is if he's played you
know
we head directly for war that was the
impression I got from his tweet we have
to there will be some intervening time
here to take a deep breath and figure
this out a little more carefully I mean
Donald Trump is Donald Trump you have to
know that and I've given him credit for
first thing as president saying we have
to focus on North Korea that's something
President Obama did not do strategic
patience has failed the agreement we had
in 1994 was abrogated both by the
Clinton administration and then by the
Bush administration and then the Obama
administration didn't focus on this
issue
so maybe just maybe with the right
players including the Republic of Korea
South Korea the Chinese and others and
some some sage voices in the United
States including our Secretary of State
we will position this right and not just
get played which obviously it's a
terrible lie the Secretary of State has
been a sage voice in this thing
unfortunately he's not altogether listen
to all the time but let's hope he plays
a central role in this I cannot think of
two more experienced and wiser people to
have this conversation with this morning
so I thank you both
Nick Kristof you can read his op-ed in
The New York Times on this topic
president Trump's North Korea gambled
Jane Harman her piste on North Korea is
in The Washington Post
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
