first we have some big breaking news
joining me now NBC chief White House
correspondent Howie Jackson and this
involves new emails emails newly
revealed that we have obtained showing
connections between Michael Cohen the
president's personal attorney and the
Trump Organization connections that he
had previously denied on payments to
stormy Dan that's exactly right to
stormy Daniels an juror which is a big
headline that's been out this week after
her lawsuit against President Trump so
here is what we know based on our
reporting from our investigative team
Sarah Fitzpatrick and Tracy Connor that
Michael Cohen the president's longtime
lawyer used his trump organization email
while arranging to transfer this hundred
thirty thousand dollar payment to
Daniel's now a source familiar with
these discussions also tells us that
Cohen also regularly used this same
email account during these negotiations
with Daniels back in 2016 what you're
looking at is one of these emails that
we have obtained you can see that is a
trump org email there in addition to
Michael Cohen's personal gmail account
essentially we are also told that
Clifford's attorney at the time
different from her attorney now by the
way addressed emails correspondence to
Michael Cohen in his capacity at the
Trump Organization and wrote
specifically as special counsel to
Donald Trump now this email by the way
that you're looking at has been provided
to NBC News by Clifford's current
attorney so what does this mean why does
this matter well here is the deal
Michael Cohen has repeatedly tried to
put some distance between himself and
the Trump Organization and the Trump
campaign you remember he gave that
statement a while back staying that
while he facilitated its hundred thirty
thousand dollar payment he was not
reimbursed by either the Trump
organization nor the Donald ray Trump
for president campaign but Cohen said
nothing about whether he was reimbursed
personally by Donald Trump himself Sarah
Sanders this week in the White House
briefing room said the president had no
knowledge of this payment but here you
now have Michael Cohen this under cuts
to a degree the distance the Cohen had
tried to put between himself and Donald
Trump saying that the president had
nothing to do with this we don't know
that that is the case of course but here
he is using his Trump org email getting
emails from stormy Daniels lawyer
dressed to the special council for
Donald Dre Trump so his name is
obviously connected to this year in
addition to Cohen of course being his
longtime lawyer we have to note here
Andrea that neither Cohen nor by the way
his attorney now has responded to our
request for comment on this although
stormy Daniels attorney says we smell
smoke that is their response to this as
we have obtained this email here so it
is yet another development I would say
in the in the story surrounding stormy
Daniel is a story that Sarah Huckabee
Sanders will almost certainly be facing
questions about later on today in the
White House press briefing room in just
a couple of hours Andrea who that's for
sure and we will of course be carrying
that live yeah more new reporting from
Hallie Jackson thank you thank you
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
