we have completed an agreement that will
make the United States the Korean
Peninsula and the world safer under the
agreement North Korea has agreed to
freeze its existing nuclear program and
to accept international inspection of
all existing facilities this agreement
represents the first step on the road to
a nuclear-free Korean Peninsula in 1994
President Bill Clinton announced a plan
to give North Korea more than four
billion dollars in energy aid over a
decade in exchange for them to freeze
and gradually dismantle its nuclear
weapons program it did not work out
welcome back to Morning Joe it's Friday
March 19 just another week in Washington
DC with us here we have NBC News
national political reporter highly
praised b√©la editor-in-chief of the
atlantic magazine Jeffrey Goldberg is
here Pulitzer prize-winning Associated
editor of The Washington Post Bob
Woodward national political reporter for
Axios Jonathan Swan and of course willie
Geist is along with us from New York
good to have you all on board today so
Bob Woodward you you have to give every
president going back to Bill Clinton an
A for effort and an F for results and
Bill Clinton 1994 sent Jimmy Carter over
to negotiate a deal Jimmy Carter ended
up winning the Nobel Peace Prize for
that work but Jimmy Carter and George W
Bush and Bill Clinton and Barack Obama
all were just unable to ever come up
with the deal that the North Koreans
would keep and now here we have Donald
Trump stumbling in it may be stumbling
it may not because you have to talk I
mean what's the alternative and if you
dig into this I'm doing a book on Trump
and there's more that's at work you're
smirking you don't game because you're
okay go ahead No
there are things that can be done for
instance it is being talked about at
high levels that their
confidence-building measures that can
take place between the United States in
North Korea that will lay a foundation
now I'm not saying that's going to work
and so these things are sort of
dangerous but the thing the North
Koreans hate the most are our military
exercises and their discussions about
things that can be done to turn down the
temperature on those exercises we're
still going to conduct them but maybe
you don't have to send b-1 bombers that
are nuclear capable right as part of the
exercise you can not call them things
like Eagle Claw or bombs away but until
the North Koreans we're doing this it's
a readiness exercise I'm just saying
run away from the possibility of better
relations so I here's why I smirk I
understand it's important to understand
the possibilities here and it's
important to hash them out having said
that given the way this announcement was
made by this president with absolutely
nobody in the White House and more
specifically the State Department and
the Secretary of State himself even
knowing about it what is the potential
to businesses those possibilities have
been thought out good critique but all
of these summits are dangerous go back
to Reagan Gorbachev here Reagan and
Gorbachev finally sat down and talked
realize let's not blow up the world
right and they came up with some ideas
that were quite strange like zero
ballistic missiles let's do away with
all ballistic missiles well the military
went nuts an Admiral crowd that Joint
Chiefs chairman had to sit with Reagan
at the NSC and say we're not going to do
this because all of our
or most of our deterrent capability
involves ballistic missiles and you know
what Reagan said oh I love the military
that's it
and the idea disappeared so people have
to watch all with this oh so Geoffrey
though here you have Donald Trump
keeping its Pentagon in the dark
keeping Rex Tillerson in the dark
keeping the National Security Agency
keeping everybody in the dark in fact it
was all improvised he was only has no
Korea experts anymore he has no he has
no class experts anymore he doesn't have
an ambassador to South Korea the one
Korea expert he had left last week and
he wasn't even supposed to be in this
meeting he heard they were talking he
rushed over met the diplomats and said
hey let's make a deal they we had Ally
floating last night that they had
delivered a letter to there was no
letter and Donald Trump just decides I'm
sorry he just decides to once again
improvise in the same way he improvised
on tariffs when he was angry about how
Pixley it's it's jazz it's jazz jazz
it's not so very Miles Davis is fun to
listen the you're here you know you have
a situation in which I mean Ababa seems
to be in the keep hope alive camp I'm in
the more of the you must be kidding camp
the you know we've just given Kim Jong
something for nothing would you say what
North Korean leadership traditionally
wants Kim and his father and his
grandfather I've always wanted was was
the grant summitry you know the world
superpower is recognizing our potency
and our relevance you don't you don't
set this up you know you don't do the
first thing you don't do is give them
the Presidents Day and it isn't it isn't
it more than ironic that this president
who blasted barack obama for striking
the worst deal in the history of the
United States diplomacy with Iran
actually gives the North Koreans the one
thing they want before he gets any
conservative the danger here is an
overestimation perhaps on the part of
the president of his negotiating
abilities right he believes that he's
the best negotiator therefore you can't
trust Barack Obama who's a woolly-headed
law professor constitutional professor
but me I'm a tough real estate but
there's no evidence he's got no deal
he's done no deal on guns
he talks big nothing has actually
negotiated yeah he doesn't know how to I
don't know that but there's no proof yet
Donald maker and chief what to do what
deal I've been a year what has he done
in process I mean you can't even say the
tax deal because that was all
Republicans well that was very led by
the Republican leadership but the
question I have here is Kim John clearly
thinks that he's already gotten a
concession in terms of getting this
meeting at all he believes that perhaps
it confers some kind of legitimacy on
him as a nuclear power but my question
is does it what what really how big of a
concession is this to just have the
meeting period regardless of whatever
the preparations are whatever the
outcome whatever there's no meeting
nothing's happened yeah I mean the
chance of this meeting I don't know Bob
you better have an estimate on this I
mean the chance that this meeting
happens is what yeah we don't know but
as you know Donald Trump may be watching
this now yes he likely is thinking oh
yes that's exactly what they said about
my presidential campaign well it was
improvised it was chaotic it's not gonna
work it's gonna fail now I agree if this
is a fear
Teek but what is the alternative well
know from the assessments hundreds of
thousands of people dying if there's
some sort of war this even just sick can
bump this is the classic North Korean
move you get you spin everybody in Japan
and South Korea into a frenzy right
through aggressive action an aggressive
rhetoric on the part of the North
Koreans and then you have this there was
a great piece in the Atlantic that did
call today an endorphin release you have
this sudden endorphin release where it
Kim says you know what I don't want to
have a war one I have talks everybody so
really it's it's a recurring pattern he
brings everybody to the brink and then
he makes you so thankful to him that
he's not gonna go to war with you
tomorrow it's just well it we've seen
the movie and but sometimes the movie
changes Jeff if it doesn't say and all
the time we'll tell Bob but it doesn't
yes likely based on his record I'm not
saying it's likely I'm saying what's the
alter coaching coach its Imam the
alternative is Willie to first work with
your allies first confer with Japan
first confer with Australia with your
with your Secretary of State definitely
yes confer with your Secretary of
Defense who's going to have to fly war
but prepare that war if things don't
work well first talk to your US
ambassador to South Korea like before
you just run into a meeting and say
let's make a deal first you actually do
the legwork you actually understand what
you're getting yourself into again and I
think some people around this table may
disagree with me I one of my one of my
problems with Barack Obama's deal with
Iran is Barack Obama decided in 2007 he
was going to make a deal to the run and
he and John Kerry were far too
interested in making that deal instead
of getting the right deal and in this
case Donald Trump once a meeting does
you want a deal I mean we'll see but
again there is a process to go through
this and as critical as I may be of what
Barack Obama ultimately got at least
he went through the proper channels he
did the right process and there was a
chance that negotiations that might work
out well in the end during deal also by
the way has worked so far just a little
note for the record the Iran deal so far
has worked they don't have nukes just
noting okay well I generally good you're
so something you're speaking for the
mullahs there I well no because the
inspection regime is so rigid does not
have nukes right now so whatever you
think about it ran it doesn't have nukes
in large part because of the saran deal
but we're not gonna do enough to rule it
again that billions and billions the
problem because Jo just said don't kind
of try to break it down Donald wants a
meeting
we hear the geopolitical ramifications
of this potential said meeting that is
or is not scheduled brought out by
Jeffrey and bomb but we know how Donald
Trump thinks and I don't think he's
thinking about a meeting and I don't
think he's thinking about the America's
place in the world stage about any
concerns we have in terms of foreign
policy I think he was thinking yesterday
and this is my gut I don't like this
stormy Daniels story I want to figure
out a way to deflect from it meeting
meeting we're gonna do a meeting and I
think he blurted it because he's
desperate to change the headlines and
here we are talking about the potential
for this meeting and what it might mean
on the world stage he's just happy that
we're not talking about the deal that
his lawyer cut with a pornstar that he
forgot to sign and by the way Willie is
evidence of that we've spoken to people
close to Donnie know this is how we
operate who spoke to him the morning
after he sent out those tweets attacking
mica saying she was bleeding from her
face and everybody was exploding
Republicans on the hill were were were
attacking him and they were saying
you're going to need to apologize Tameka
for that and he said what's on the front
pages of the paper today
you see anything about North Korea on
the front pages of the paper today you
see anything about right and they said
no egos okay I'm doing pretty well yeah
so this is not only him for as long as
we did that's
was thinking about last night you know
what he's thinking about this morning
how do I get this meeting at morale Agha
well there's no question that he whipped
this up himself with his own secretary
state didn't have any knowledge that it
was happening and said so in fact in
front of TV cameras in Africa yesterday
that were a long way from negotiations
with North Korea President Trump as you
said rushes in to the South Korea
meeting he rushes personally into the
White House briefing room to let
reporters know there's gonna be a big
announcement at seven o'clock out on the
driveway y'all better be out there and
then sending the South Korean emissary
the National Security Advisor out to
make the announcement then the White
House confirms the announcement Jonathan
the way this happened unconventional is
not the word to use but I guess we
should begin to expect that this is the
way things happen for the president
United States I guess the big question
is what makes him think what makes
anyone at the highest reaches of the
United States government think that
North Korea is going to give up its
nuclear program it is the one thing it
has it's the one thing that well that
led this North Korean leader to be able
to summon the leader of the free world
into a meeting he's summoned President
Trump to a meeting and to have talks at
that level why would he give up that
leverage under any negotiation well you
just said what makes Trump think and
then you said what makes the people at
the highest levels of the United States
government those are two very separate
questions and the latter I don't think
we have any evidence that they actually
do think that right Trump himself
believes perhaps more than even Bill
Clinton in the great man theory of
history that his own personal charisma
he uses the word talent all the time he
truly believes that his singular
charisma and quote unquote talent is all
that's needed to solve the world's most
intractable problems he believes that's
the case still in the Middle East with
the israeli-palestinian conflict and he
believes it here with North Korea I'm
told by sources inside the building that
he was in a jubilant mood yesterday
afternoon sort of leading in when he
ducked into the press room he was kind
of on a giddy streak wandering through
and
on a bit of a high he was wandering in
and out had a meeting after that and he
clearly thinks that this is a moment he
sees he sees life in these cinematic
moments and plays moment to moment I
don't know there's all this ridiculous I
mean I can see why people are saying
Nixon to China but that outcome as bob
woodward knows was just about precooked
and the this was a president nixon and a
regime china that shared an anti-soviet
position and had a whole lot of rigor
and choreography going into these
meetings so this is actually literally
the exact opposite of Nixon to China
except for the surprise factor it deals
typically at that level are done they're
already cooked by the time the meeting
happens Jeff thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
