good morning and welcome to morning Joe
good morning and welcome to morning Joe
we got a lot going on as we launch into
the weekend there's so many developing
stories the First Amendment is an
essential pillar of our democracy it has
enabled us to have the concepts of
freedom real freedom free speech is
difficult sometimes it can be
challenging but it is good and necessary
in itself this is a time when good
journalism matters more than at any time
I can remember in my career there have
to be people out there speaking truth to
power what Joe and mica have done with
morning joe is to create a forum that
sets the day up for anybody who cares
about public affairs that's the place
people go to express the ideas that are
going to be decisive during that next
day that next news cycle more people
will die in America by guns this year
and next then died in a decade in
Vietnam if you are a gun activists you
are lied to all the time and you are
told that having military-style weapons
are assault-style weapons or your
constitutional right that it's embedded
in the Second Amendment it's embedded in
the Constitution it is not enemies of
the first a minute want us to
self-censor and I think it did Joe and
mica we can certainly see there there
has been no self-censorship senator is
it fair to say the president has not
told the truth at times on any level on
anything this interview has to stop in
its tracks until I just get a yes/no
answer from you on whether you believe
it's important that Americans find out
whether there
it believes that climate change is a
conspiracy theory base out of China
Amica often talks about the importance
of sticking to your gut in and not being
afraid to speak your mind an easy justin
with the paris story at this point those
briefings are useless she's the one
protecting a president who watches TV
every day and tweets stupidities live
you have been fighting so hard for free
speech so you can write some of the most
astounding things i've ever read in my
life over the past few decades and yet
you won't give them a moment to use
their voices that's cruel hypocrisy
what's wonderful about the show is that
you can go on and say anything about
anyone and Joe generally does the
president of United States making every
one of his spokespeople out to be liars
if you're no audience and John McCain's
getting attacked and he's fighting for
his life
all right unless you were raised in a
barn keep your mouth shut
Millennials you just had one point five
trillion dollars stolen from you and
over the next ten years they're going to
steal another ten trillion dollars and
then you're going to be left holding the
bill this is completely reckless and I
could not find one person inside the
White House and I spoke to many this
weekend that defended Donald Trump this
show started ten years ago with the
premise that it would be a place where
intelligent people could speak their
minds and disagree in a way that was
civil and would enhance civil debate
meaning honor and the responsibility of
journalists are more important than ever
before and I think Joe and mica in their
morning show collaborating with a group
of people who talk with them continually
have kept up that tradition
there was nothing like one joke before a
lot of us thought this is a crazy idea
they're gonna sit around a table they're
gonna just like talk that's what we tell
our kids do take a chance they created
something genuinely new yet in a way
genuinely
old it was like a sort of community
gathering where people get together and
talk about the news in an intelligent
are sort of coping and also very bravely
Republicans just don't care about the
debt when they're the ones in the White
House jacket almost every small sound
has a group of men and women who
everyday get together and talk politics
Joe and mica have done what Morning Joe
has just taken that tradition and
expanded it and they can be
argumentative as well and I'll always
agree with what they hear on Morning Joe
but at least they're involved and
they're a part of it Barack Obama's
victory there is the picture of
President Obama this is a great blanking
show isn't the operation that killed
Osama bin Laden president not being
afraid to engage you know what was
really a high-risk operation on the 20th
it was Trump's crowd and it was a
decidedly red state American crowd and
then on the 21st just the opposite make
a good role model for women who show
that you can take a lickin and keep on
tickin we need to find our voices stop
apologizing raise your voice when you
need to but always own it just keep
doing what you're doing you're trying to
help America every time you tell the
truth on TV and what is a lap oh you're
kidding no and I think the life of the
Republic is better for what Mika and Joe
are doing you guys got the morning thing
down it is what everybody I know
in Washington is listening to and
watching the level of stamina it takes
is just phenomenal and to be on top of
the issues to keep going morning after
morning hats off to you I'm tired to be
entire for you I think it's a different
thing for a long break up to 3:30 tired
of being tired of all the things that I
do I get probably more feedback from an
appearance on your show than any other I
think we can call it their indelible
kind of contribution I don't think
morning TV will ever be the same
together we will go to break if you keep
talking we're gonna ask a question I
gotta break it it takes courage and it
takes conviction to show up every
morning and talk about what you believe
and what you see you take an awful lot
of grief on instruments like Twitter but
to do it consistently day in day out
without fear and mostly without favor is
quite an accomplishment but there is one
great shortcoming we've got the worst
bagels I have ever seen in my life
come on guys they're big hit your big
success let's give up to the breakfast
in the morning okay
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
