day 413 of the Trump administration and
just a few hours ago we learned that
North Korea's leader Kim jong-un has
invited President Trump to meet about
its nuclear program and the president
has accepted this is a giant gamble that
takes both countries and their leaders
in do uncharted diplomatic territory and
that's an understatement
Andrea Mitchell and Bill Richardson both
standing by to talk with us a bit later
on in the broadcast but we begin with
new insights into president Trump's
thinking about the Russia investigation
and special counsel robert muller the
two men have yet to come face-to-face as
you know and while we have no idea of
Muller's views on the investigation
there's no mystery about mr. Trump's
opinion collusion now is dead because
everyone found that after a year of
study there's been absolutely no
collusion we'll say this there is
collusion but it's really with the
Democrats and the Russians far more than
it is with the Republicans and the
Russians so the witch hunt continues I
had no phone calls I no meetings no
nothing the Russians had no impact on
our votes whatsoever but certainly there
was meddling and probably there was
meddling from other countries and maybe
other individuals in just a moment in
this very studio will be joined by
Jeremy Peters of the New York Times who
has no reporting on the president's
mindset these days about this
investigation which he luckily has
promised to share with all of us and
there were other related developments in
the case today Trump's former campaign
manager Paul Manafort was arraigned in
federal court in Virginia where he
pleaded not guilty to tax and bank fraud
charges that's a separate case from the
one in Washington DC across the river
where he's already pleaded not guilty to
conspiracy money laundering and other
charges related to his work for
pro-russian politicians in Ukraine he is
under house arrest and both
jurisdictions require that he be
monitored electronically and that means
he will now be sporting dual ankle
bracelets an accessory not lost on a
protester today outside court
bracelet hey Craner
here's your flag Russian flag traitor
traitor you're selling out America to
the Russian Paul Manafort will now face
two separate criminal trials later this
year Rick Gates his former business
partner and deputy on the Trump campaign
he has pleaded guilty he's now
cooperating with Team Muller tomorrow
the special prosecutor is scheduled to
hear from another witness Sam Nunn Berg
the one-time Trump campaign adviser who
launched that notable one-day media
blitz this week to say he would defy his
subpoena that Sam Nunn Berg has since
thought better of it and will now
testify before a grand jury in
Washington tomorrow
he has already been questioned by
Muller's team remember here's what he
said about that on this very Network I
know Bob Muller I know I know that whole
team and they and their ride and they
probably have something on Trump Trump
did something pretty bad I five innocent
what are they and I think they were
interested in something with his
business with his business yes they
asked you about the way he run his
business yes he asked me about his
business to our leadoff panel on a
Thursday night Julia Ainsley NBC News
national security and justice reporter
Jeremy Peters political reporter for The
New York Times and Jennifer Rogers
former assistant US attorney for the
Southern District of New York now
executive director of the Columbia Law
School Center for the Advancement of
Public Integrity welcome to you all
Jeremy we we bumped up your advance
billing tonight you have new reporting
on the president's mindset given all we
just ran through talking to people close
to the president and close to his inner
circle you really get a sense for the
emotions that Trump is going through
right now one is that he's incredibly
arrogant and dismissive of this inquiry
and that's because he has people like
Sean Hannity whispering in his ear
constantly saying this is a hoax this is
a witch-hunt you're not gonna have to
testify in front of Muller you're not
gonna have to sit down with them
furthermore they can't indict a sitting
president and this is not confined Brian
just to people like Sean Hannity
president is talking to a lot of people
sounding a lot of them out getting their
read on the situation and they are
frankly feeding some of his worst
impulses on in this matter that he
doesn't have to take this investigation
seriously
so that partially explains why he would
be going to witnesses and asking them
like my colleagues Michael Schmitt
Maggie Haberman reported today how'd it
go yeah what kind of questions are they
asking you were they nice to you you
know that so that suggests on the one
hand that he's not quite taking this
seriously
however it also suggests if you talk to
more people in the administration around
the administration they will say he's
spooked he is worried that they might
have something on him
Sam number four you know whatever his
flaws whatever you know however
unfortunate the the series of events
over the last 48 hours wore when he went
on TV and did those interviews he has
echoed something I've heard from other
people who have spoken to the mauler
team in recent weeks which is they are
zeroing in on something I don't know
what that something is
I don't think sam nunn Berg does I don't
think anybody but Bob Muller and his
team know what that is but it's serious
let's ask a former Fed counselor how
legally dangerous is the president's
mindset as you hear Jeremy explain it
well it's dangerous in that he can get
himself into a lot of trouble I mean
these impulses of his are already you
know getting him into hot water with
obstruction so the reporting from the
conversations that he had with Reince
Priebus and with Don McGann don't go so
far as to suggest a new obstruction case
to me you know he would have had to say
something to McGann instead of just
saying what did you say oh I don't agree
with that you know kind of go back and
forth he would have had to say you know
go back to Bob Muller and correct the
record tell him that in fact I did not
order the firing of the Special Counsel
and so on so I don't think it's kind of
new hot water but this whole idea of him
interfering with this investigation
talking to people about it continuing to
delve into it you know again it's
evidence of the obstruction case that we
already have that Muller is looking into
it's another kind of piece of that
puzzle you know here's someone who's so
obsessed with this investigation he just
can't stay out of it it makes it more
likely that at the time he fired Jim
Comey and tried to
fire Muller that he was thinking along
those lines too and secondly again it's
just part of this attack on the
independence that the Justice Department
the Special Counsel the FBI
it's that same drumbeat that has been
going on for a while his you know
continually trying to undermine those
institutions so Julia as a matter of
fact and not opinion given what you've
learned about the lines of inquiry and
they are multiples under way in the
Muller effort the president it would
seem would have a lot to worry about
right right I mean I think he's
definitely spooked he's rattled as a
word we've been throwing around a lot
today and this reporting from the New
York Times both jeremy's reporting and
the reporting with colleagues last night
shows a president who is very concerned
but also shows a president who is just
shrugging off the advice of his counsel
of his attorneys who are representing
him in this probe and if you think about
the advice that they've given him we
know that they are trying to work out a
way the scenario in which he would not
have to go before the special counsel to
speak they're very much trying to
insulate him keep him calm keep him from
incriminating himself and he just keeps
shrugging that off at every turn and so
this could be a president they would
also shrug off the advice that he
shouldn't go speak to robert muller he
may insist on doing it because he has
this kind of ego where he believes that
he could just set the record straight
and win on his own and and a lot of
these moves that he's making along the
way could get him in that trouble that
Jennifer is talking about now and
Jennifer back to you how do you deal
with a client like that who has admitted
impulse control issues and candidly
needs to get good news kind of every day
on multiple fronts well it's very
difficult and this is one of the reasons
he had such a hard time finding a
criminal lawyer back when he was
shopping around your news asking kind of
all the big names in the white collar
defense bar and you know lots of people
were saying no for just those reasons
and also that apparently he doesn't pay
his bills but it's very challenging I
mean you have to keep working at it keep
working at it you know eventually some
give up and move on and stop
representing the client but you just
have to kind of stick with it and try to
explain to him in terms that he will
understand what the concept
cesare of his actions and some of that
you know they already I'm sure have been
able to show him you know look you fired
Comey look what happened you got Bob
Muller and they can kind of show these
consequences and hopefully get them
under control
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
