the president is reportedly very unhappy
about his press Secretary's performance
yesterday the president is apparently
very happy when his press secretary
sticks to her two standard rules of
performance number one lying and number
two pleading ignorance I haven't spoken
to the president about that is the press
Secretary's most frequent reply and
sometimes that reply surely is also a
lie and so it combines both of the
principles of a successful Trump White
House press briefing at once but
yesterday
Sarah Sanders took one giant step beyond
her usual professed ignorance when she
was asked about the president's
relationship with stormy Daniels the
president has addressed these directly
and made very well clear that none of
these allegations are true this case has
already been won in arbitration and
anything beyond that I would refer you
to the president's outcome outside
counsel you said that there's
arbitration that's already been won
president's personal attorneys and for
details on that I would refer you to
them but you're aware of them so what
can you more can you hear with us I can
share that that the arbitration was won
in the president's favor and I would
refer you to the president's out Cal
Council on any details beyond that the
arbitration was won in the president's
favor that is what the president is
reportedly very upset about that Sarah
Sanders admitted that the secret
arbitration over a confidentiality
agreement with stormy Daniels was one in
the president's favor in saying that she
has given official White House
confirmation to what we already knew
that the confidentiality agreements
signed by Donald Trump's lawyer and
storming Daniels was written to protect
Donald Trump who was referred to in the
confidentiality agreement by the alias
David Dennison as stormy Daniels lawyer
insisted last night on this program the
arbitration process no longer governs
this agreement because Donald Trump's
lawyer Michael Cohen violated the
confidentiality of the agreement by
talking about the agreement publicly
and Donald Trump never signed the
agreement the confidentiality agreement
is now an exhibit in stormy Daniels
lawsuit against Donald Trump page 5 of
the agreement lists four names of people
who stormy Daniels said already knew
about her relationship with with all
Trump before she signed this agreement
according to a CNN report the second
name on that list
angel Ryan is the actress Jessica Drake
who is one of the women who came forward
during the presidential campaign
accusing Donald Trump of kissing her
without permission and offering her ten
thousand dollars in exchange for sex the
same at that the same year that Donald
Trump began his relationship with stormy
Daniels and right around the same time
as I mentioned last night with stormy
Daniels lawyer the confidentiality
agreement also contains some stunning
details about exactly what Donald Trump
is trying to keep secret including video
images still images and information
about Donald Trump's sexual conduct as
well as this which is the bombshell
phrase in the confidentiality agreement
quote paternity information so what does
the president want the White House press
secretary to say when she is asked why
does the president's confidentiality
agreement with stormy Daniels forbid her
to reveal paternity information we'll
see if former White House press
secretary Josh earnest has any good
ideas about how to handle that question
next
at some point Lawrence the president
United States needs to answer the very
best basic questions relating to his
relationship with Miss Daniels he needs
to do so just like Bill Clinton did he
needs to do so just like Gary Hart did
he need that he needs to do so just like
countless other politicians have done
over the last 30 years period that's
Michael avenatti stormy Daniels lawyer
appear on this program at this hour last
night joining us now Josh earnest former
White House press secretary for
President Obama and MSNBC political
analyst Josh you're here because I
wanted the best I wanted the best press
secretary I haven't never seen anyone
better at that podium in in the in the
briefing room and I just want to see how
you would handle the questions that come
out of this confidentiality agreement
which is now public including some of
the questions that I tweeted today which
would be why does the president have a
confidentiality agreement with stormy
Daniels ordering her to turn over video
images still images created by Donald
Trump
that's just question number one how how
is the press secretary supposed to
handle this you know Lauren said when I
was reading about this about the
president's dissatisfaction with the way
that Sarah Sanders handled this line of
questioning in the briefing it reminded
me of situation that I faced in the
briefing room one time an Obama briefing
you it's preposterous right of course
President Obama never did anything this
embarrassing or potentially illegal so
this is you know obviously uncharted
territory and there's no denying that
that that miss Sanders is in a very
difficult situation here look Lawrence
the the first thing that you should do
when you are speaking on behalf of the
president's and you know that you're
talking about something that's very
important and knowing that that it's
something that he himself cares
personally about you should go talk to
him about it and that's the thing that
is particularly peculiar about all of
this Lawrence is that everybody in
Washington is talking about this
journalists are asking the White House
press secretary on live television
asking her to talk about this story but
there are two people in Washington DC
that are not talking to each other about
this story and that's the president
United States and his spokesperson and
that's a problem and you know Lawrence I
actually I had a trick for this when I
first started as the as a spokesperson
for the president in the White House
when I was the deputy press secretary I
often traveled with the president which
meant that I would brief reporters in
the back of Air Force One and so I would
often travel with the president on the
helicopter from the White House to the
Andrews Air Force Base where we'd get on
the plane I do the briefing so on that
helicopter flight I would often lean
over to the president and say mr.
president these are a couple of
questions I expect to get the briefing
today how do you how do you think I
should handle them feedback from him and
so there there'd be two benefits to that
strategy the first is of course I knew
that I would be saying the thing that he
would want me to say but the second is
Lawrence that I could say to the
journalist back there you know I was
just talking to the president about this
and and then I'd be able to give the
answer in a way that would enhance
greatly my credibility and it would
convince these reporters down the line
that you know what maybe we should
actually pay attention to what this guy
has to say because they seems to be
spending a lot of time talking about
these issues with the president itíd
States so it made me a much more
effective advocate in addition to making
sure that I was doing a good job in
representing the part of United States
the this was the one controversy where
the president was staying out of it
stormy Daniels is the only woman the
president has not attacked Donald Trump
has never denied anything that stormy
Daniels has said about him he's Donald
Trump's never denied anything the stormy
gang this lawyer has said about him and
so Sarah Sanders apparently yesterday
crossed the line for the president when
she acknowledged that that
confidentiality agreement was written
for him by his own lawyer and it's an
agreement to keep stormy Daniels quiet
about the following things alleged
sexual partners alleged sexual actions
or alleged sexual conduct related
matters or paternity information and the
question to her is why does the
president have a confidentiality
agreement with stormy Daniels about
those subjects
where can she go in the future questions
that we know are coming about this it's
not obvious where she can go I think the
only thing that she can do is what she
often does when asked about the Russia
investigation which is to refer all
these questions to the president's
attorney and look I think there is an
artful way for her to potentially say
look I wasn't working for the President
itíd States when this agreement was
drawn up and you should go talk to the
attorney who drew it up yes continue but
Josh one thing she does continue to lie
about is she does repeatedly say that
the president has denied this involved
with stormy Daniels and in fact he has
never denied this particular a woman's
claims about him yeah yeah look she is
there are times where she hasn't been
particularly precise in in describing
certain facts about what the president
has said and hasn't said and I think
that's probably an occupational hazard
of working for somebody who says lots of
different things that aren't actually
true and that he doesn't really mean
Josh earnest the last words master of
diplomatic language thank you very much
for joining us tonight Josh really
appreciate good to see you Lawrence hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
