and then tonight at the White House
another surprise an announcement by an
official from the nation of South Korea
an announcement that there will be a new
round of talks with North Korea about
the North's nuclear program
now this isn't about being amazing at a
whole bunch of different levels not
least of which is the fact that
literally today also today the State
Department spokesperson announced
explicitly that there was no way
anything like this was happening we are
not going to schedule talks about talks
or any kind of chat or anything like
that at this point the statement State
Department spokesperson today announcing
this is definitely not going to happen
we are not going to be scheduling talks
gonna be scheduling talks about talks no
way
well then later in the day
tonight eat somewhat randomly South
Korean officials turn up outside the
White House to announce not just the
start of talks or even talks about talks
but they announce that the president of
the United States is going to meet
personally with Kim jong-un there have
been a lot of talks about talks there
have been a lot of talks even over the
years over the decades with North Korea
about their weapons programs
what is totally unprecedented what is
brand-new is the announcement tonight
that for the first time ever a sitting
US president will meet himself with the
dictator of North Korea Trump and Kim
jong-un meeting personally and directly
according to tonight's announcement and
planning to do so reportedly just a few
weeks from now
now you might imagine another president
in this circumstance Kim jong-un makes
her makes a request you want to meet you
might you might think like another
president in the circumstance you could
imagine a president asking himself or
herself why has no other American
president ever agreed to do this why has
no sitting American president ever met
with a leader from North Korea why has
that never happened in all the decades
North Korea's existed as a nation why
why hasn't any other president ever done
should I take that to mean that this
might be a particularly risky or even an
unwise move I think that's how most
presidents would approach the idea of a
personal presidential meeting with the
North Korean dictator I think a lot of
people probably suspect tonight that
those are not the kinds of questions
that this president asked himself before
agreeing to this meeting but this is the
president we have and he said yes to
North Korea
the New York Times tonight headlining
this breaking news as quote a
breathtaking gamble joining us now is
Courtney cuvee NBC's national security
and military reporter Courtney thanks
very much for joining us tonight
for this breaking news really appreciate
having you here thank you so much Rachel
so it felt today watching this unfold
like this was a little bit of a surprise
that felt like a surprise to me because
the State Department spokesperson today
said we are not scheduling talks about
talks none of that is happening anytime
soon also the somewhat unusual rollout
with having South Korean officials
announce it were there signs from your
perspective that this that this was
coming no and and I it was not just the
South Korean national security adviser
announcing it tonight but announcing it
at the White House that was very
surprising that was an unusual optic for
us all to see this was surprising and
then we also had a senior administration
officials say after we had the
announcement from the South Koreans was
but there the u.s. is not even talking
about negotiations at this point so
we're getting some conflicting messages
here what was particularly interesting
to me out of the announcement from the
White House today by the South Koreans
again was that North Korea would not
only according to this agreement would
not only refrain from further nuclear or
missile tests but they understand that
routine joint military exercises between
the United States and South Korea would
have to continue that is a huge
departure from what we've heard from
North Korea and the past it's what we
heard earlier this week from the South
Koreans after they had this next round
of talks with Kim jong-un with the North
Koreans but it was somewhat surprising
it's the first time that we have heard
that in fact it seems North Korea may
actually agree to these two terms
and this is a me correct me if I'm wrong
Courtney you know a lot more about this
than I do but it's in my living memory
as a human being who pays attention to
the news I feel like there have been
other announcements from North Korea
that they were freezing their nuclear
program that they were stopping tests
that they're there in the in the past
they've even pledged to dismantle their
nuclear program that's what they had
pledged to the to the Clinton
administration during the Clinton
administration that of course all fell
apart during the George W Bush
administration there have been previous
announcements from them about them
stopping or even taking apart their
program right there have and there's
there's also been a consistent pattern
with the North Koreans of making an
agreement or seeming to come to some
sort of an agreement and then reneging
on it and it's happened under the as you
mentioned the clinton ministration
george w bush and under president obama
well when they were dealing with an
issue with food aid so there is
certainly reasons to be skeptical about
this another thing that I found really
interesting as part of this was the
South Korean national security adviser
came out and said that President Trump
and Kim jong-un the leader of North
Korea would meet by May well we reported
at any C news reported this week broke
the story actually that the two u.s. and
South Korean military exercises that are
frequently annual around this time of
year that one of them would begin as
early as March 31st the end of this
month and that the real core of it would
actually go through the month of April
there will actually be two at this point
u.s. South Korean military exercises in
the month of April one of them going
into May so there is the potential if in
fact this meeting occurs that it will
actually be occurring during one or two
large-scale US South Korean military
exercises which of course for years has
been what the North Korean regime has
complained about has said that these
military exercises are provocative and
they use that as an excuse for more
missile and ballistic ballistic missile
and even nuclear testing all of that to
say that all of that going to the
conclusion that you're explaining before
that this was a surprise on a number of
different levels Courtney let me just
ask you one last piece of this obviously
the huge headline here is that no other
American president no other sitting
president has ever agreed to meet
one-on-one to
in person with a North Korean dictator
and because this was a surprise because
you know the Secretary of State you know
isn't their Secretary of State is in is
in Africa right now there isn't a South
Korean ambassador the longtime head of
North Korea policy at the State
Department just left his job just left
last week is there any concern that the
president by agreeing to take this
meeting that he may be doing something
risky that there may be people within
the national security establishment and
in the military who may object to the
president taking this meeting one-on-one
it's definitely risky so one of the
things that this would do if there is if
we have a picture of Kim jong-un and
president Trump standing next to one
another this actually achieves one of
Kim jong-un's long-standing and his
father's goals which is to elevate North
Korea it's to make them be seen as a
major world power you know you could
make the argument that 2017 was actually
really a banner year for North Korea for
their ballistic missile and their their
nuclear testing they achieved three
intercontinental ballistic missiles that
the Defense Intelligence Agency Agency
just said this week had the potential
had the capability of hitting North
America you could make the argument that
Kim jong-un had actually reached the
point that he wants to be at he's a
nuclear power he has ballistic missiles
that are capable of hitting the United
States and now if he is to meet with
President Trump well now he's seen as a
world leader you know that that optic of
him potentially being seen as an equal
to the leader of the free world the
president of the United States Wow
Carney coupie national security and
military reporter for NBC News Courtney
thank you for joining us on short notice
I really appreciate it all right thanks
Rachel
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
