I thank you for the opportunity for what
you sorry yes sir yes well your father
Herman is looking down he's very proud
of you right that he's even more proud
with steel and aluminum workers on one
side and a few surviving members of his
economic team on the other president
Trump followed through this afternoon on
his vadas at 25 percent tariffs on
imported steel and 10 percent tariffs on
imported aluminum the tariffs don't go
effective for at least another 15 days
and we're going to see who's treating us
fairly who's not treating us fairly
Trump also said he was immediately
exempting Mexico and Canada from the
terrace at least temporarily but many
he's a known party are sharply
criticizing the president's decision
concerned about a potential trade war
that damages the US economy joining me
here Heather McGee who is president of
demos action advocates economic policies
to benefit working-class families and
former iron worker Randy Bryce a
Democrat who is in the district
challenging Paul Ryan in the twenty
eight midterm election though he does
have a primary before he gets to that
it's good to have you both here I want
to read for you pulse Paul Ryan's
statement on tariffs and get your
response I disagree with this action
fear it's unintended consequences I am
pleased the president has listened to
those who share my concerns include an
exemption for some American allies but
it should go further we will continue to
urge the administration and narrow this
policy so it's focused only on those
countries and practices that violate
trade law it's pretty amazing that
finally Paul Ryan comes to speak out
against Donald Trump for for anything
and he didn't do it when we're talking
about mighty fine people on both sides
in Charlottesville he wasn't calling
them out when we're talking about
sexually assaulting women on a bus it
says that it tells me that they're
worried about their donor base and that
this tax scam that was just recently
passed is all gonna go up and smoke it
is remarkable to watch them like
everyone get a conscience now about this
which again like I don't think it's
personally particularly good policy but
in the scope of what Donald Trump has
done like they're really worked up about
this Grover Norquist is like super upset
well that's the point and I think Randy
said it really well
you know follow the money with all of
these issues the donor base has not been
that upset about the racism and the
sexism they know that it worked for him
politically at least with you know the
majority sadly of white voters in this
country and so they sort of tacitly are
okay with that dog-whistle strategy but
they are not okay with him bucking the
conservative economic orthodoxy now I
actually think that you know we
shouldn't say that the sky is gonna fall
because of these tariffs and I think
it's actually a bad move for
progressives to not understand that
something needs to be done to stand up
for American manufacturing and I guess
it's actually kind of a trap for
Democrats to you know just sort of
follow Republicans into the like you
know the sky is falling yes although it
also seems there's a trap on the other
side which is to sort of decide that if
Grover Norquist doesn't like something
you must right cuz that's the other
thing is like well Grover Norquist in
the donor class don't like this ergo I'm
all-in on this deal in aluminum tariffs
but the good thing is that progressive
has have been championing us having a
real industrial policy for a long time
like actually the Democrats put out a
real infrastructure plan this week that
would actually strengthen by America
provisions it would close the loopholes
that you know we're just blown wide open
in the GOP tax scam that encourage
companies to offshore their jobs so in
profits so there is a progressive vision
for restoring some of American
manufacturing and even more importantly
for making the jobs that are here good
jobs the same way that manufacturing
jobs are gonna need to good jobs and I
think that's what we need to make an
important point
who is this being done for is it for the
American worker no because the American
worker the way that it's set up now or
we're gonna you know we're gonna be the
ones paying more for this tariff if
you're serious about having some kind of
help with the steel industry we should
have done something a long time ago when
like Bethlehem Steel was was really
doing something good now we're talking
about reopening some shops I read about
one reopening in in Illinois it's gonna
take months to get that even started and
you know whoa the CEO of that company
does he really put his trust in Donald
Trump go and hire that's actually full
of people to come and work only to have
to lay him off and a couple of months
that's that's an interesting point is
this does this
play in your district though I'd imagine
it does to an extent it does but right
now I mean the first district used to be
a manufacturing center had a lot of car
jobs those are all gone and now we have
a lot of retirees now that are pretty
ticked off that all their jobs are gone
and there's there hasn't been anything
to replace what about there is this I
want to ask one more follow up which is
Harley Davidson is in your district if
I'm not mistaken right so the EU
basically said in response to this we're
gonna go after bourbon from Kentucky mr.
McConnell and we're gonna go after
Harley Davidson from Paul Ryan's
district like if that were to happen
what would what would that mean for you
and what would that mean for the people
in district in terms of how they
understand what's happening well just
the fact that I mean we can't imagine
Harley Davidson being gone you know a
few years ago we built the museum but
that's just another another aspect of
American workforce that that's being
neglected and being you know like a
poker chip in this big grand scheme that
they're playing and and it shouldn't be
like that it's just we've had too much
too much time where the American workers
been neglected do you worry about where
the economic policy of this
administration goes now because for so
long it really was just doing her class
are Orthodox II now he does this and
then it's like well it's really anyone's
guess well or maybe not I don't know
well I think that's a good question
right I mean there's always been this
faux populism
and yet he committed to a couple of big
things he said I'm gonna do a big
infrastructure policy which again it's
it was actually an infrastructure plan
instead of an excuse to sell off
America's assets the highest bidder
which is what he unveiled a month or so
ago then you know you would actually see
potentially a major political
realignment to where you could say that
a Republican president did more for the
working and middle class and to invest
in our economy and our infrastructure
than you know that Democrat was allowed
to without Republican Congress for six
years but I actually think that this
little gesture is a weak gesture
something that would be much more
powerful would be something that he
doesn't want to do which is let the
dollar actually fall back into alignment
because that's not a strong dollar and
he doesn't like things that aren't
strong literally and so you're not going
to get sort of a rational effective
economic policy out of this
right email as you said that's a great
point about like if you're planning if
you're a CEO planning on this like who
knows if it goes away in two weeks once
the last person in the room mike pence
talks him out of it which makes I mean
again relates back to the North Korea
meeting to like who knows in two weeks
about any of this Heather McGee and
Randy Bryce thank you both for being
here
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
