my next guest is an actress a famous
conservative commentator and now a
congressional candidate running for
California's 44th district which
includes Long Beach Watts Compton and
San Pedro
Stacy - has starred in major movies made
a much-discussed Oscar cameo and over 30
million people have watched her online
as the star of Kanye West's classic
video it all falls down
she's also widely known for her
performance in the 1995 movie clueless
where she played Cher's best friend Dion
let's do a makeover
no Cher's main thrill in life is a
makeover okay it gives her a sense of
control in a world for chaos everyone
could use some of that and moving from
theater to politics - says she voted for
Obama in 2008 switched to Romney in 2012
she now backs Trump and has made many
appearances as a conservative
commentator on Fox News which will make
for an interesting congressional contest
she's running in a district that when
83% for Hillary here is a new pic she
posted of her filing papers to run this
afternoon the primary is up against the
mayor of Compton and an incumbent
Democratic Congress person miss ash
joins the beat for her first TV
interview since announcing thanks for
being here thank you for having me let's
start with the district you're running
in which is as I mentioned a strongly
Democratic what is your appeal your
pitch to those 61% of voters who are
Democrats
well my appeal to them is that the
Democratic Party is not the only party
that can represent them and that I am
going to be a catalyst for change you
know I'm going to make sure that
everyone in my district is given the
opportunity to achieve their god-given
right the American dream you mentioned
the American Dream and you're familiar
with this big debate over dreamers I
want to play for you what Attorney
General Jeff Sessions is saying about a
fight in your state in California about
sanctuary cities take a listen
California we have a problem how dare
you how dare you needlessly endanger the
lives of our law enforcement officers to
promote a radical open borders agenda
you come down on that issue of the Trump
administration versus California
providing more protection to
undocumented workers well I think that
you know we have to respect law
enforcement we have to respect laws go
on that's it that's it one argument I
guess would be that the people who don't
have other violations aren't committing
crimes a lot of California legislators
and leaders have said they shouldn't be
the focus of law enforcement do we know
that they are the focus of law
enforcement mm-hmm let me let me ask you
also about a gun control which is a big
issue as you know all over the country
and especially in California there was a
state rule here that was passed that did
several things including limiting
ammunition sales and making sure that
there are background checks for
ammunition and that passed with 63%
approval in your state do you support
those kind of gun control measures I
support the Bill of Rights that's what I
support you know but I also do not like
the tragedies that are occurring in our
country and I think it goes deeper than
gun laws I think it goes to moral
integrity and I think that runs from
family you know the family is the key
and parents parenting and being aware of
mental illnesses and taking care of
those issues because you've been a big
supporter of a lot of conservative
policies and Donald Trump I'm curious
about health care which is another big
issue as you know in almost any
congressional race especially in
California should Obamacare be fully
repealed yes and what happens in your
view then to the people who lose health
insurance well they'll get I mean
there's of course there'll be another
solution but Obamacare is not working we
know that what is the other solution
well that's where I'm gonna go and
listen and pay attention and have a
dialogue to come up with a solution but
you won't just and I have to do this
with all candidates I have that so you
won't tell us yet though what the
solution is no let me ask you then was -
about something very controversial which
is the
president's discussion about white
supremacists about the rallies in
Charlottesville as you know Gary cone is
out this week over the tariff issue the
economic adviser who said he almost left
earlier over Charlottesville and when
Donald Trump said this I think this
blame on both sides you look at both
sides
I think there's blame on both sides and
I have no doubt about it and you don't
have any doubt about it either
was that wrong no I think he's
absolutely right
there were two extreme sides and here's
what it boils down to all right
they had a right to assemble both sides
how to write but they were both extremes
and here's where I said in the beginning
we have to listen to each other if we do
not listen there will be no solutions so
it's just a bunch of banter and noise if
the white supremacists were the hate on
one side what was the hate that would be
equivalent to that on the other side
that's what has enraged so many people
about those comments the president made
it stands by his there was not another
hate group there it was the white
supremacists in Charlottesville that had
organized those rallies what other hate
do you see there well no I'm not saying
that there was not there was hate on the
other side or that I'm justifying the
hate on the other side what I'm saying
what their constitutional right was they
were exercising that there should be no
hate at all hate is not the answer and I
agree I agree with you on their First
Amendment rights and that is law that is
in our question and that is what the
president said he wasn't siding with the
neo-nazis well he said I just played it
for you he did say there's blame on both
sides why why is it hard to say that
that was wrong in the context of a white
supremacist rally well because what
happened it became violent didn't it so
violence on either side is no good when
he says they're good people on both
sides good people at the white
supremacist rally do you cosign that I
I'm not here to judge the only one who
can judge is God do I know every person
on the neo-nazi party if they have a
good heart or not no I don't do I know
every member of a gang if they have a
good heart or not no I don't do I know
every
part of a man in prison if he has a good
heart or not no I don't I'm not here to
judge miss - I appreciate you taking all
the questions I think your congressional
bid is of great interest and we'll be
following it and before I let you go
because I grew up on clueless it is a
great film I guess the question I want
to ask you is and I think all people in
the world can be divided into these
camps are you at the end of the day a
clueless person or a Legally Blonde
person because I loved Legally Blonde
and I know it's a hard choice where do
you come down come on of course I'm a
clueless person that was a very easy
question easy because you were included
but Legally Blonde also a great movie
yes yes also a great movie so yeah there
is no genius like Amy Heckerling well
you're on the beat we always tried to
get in all the hard questions Stacy -
thank you for joining us
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
