Trump Watts Thursday March 8th 2018
watching the Republican Party obey
Donald Trump is like watching kids of my
generation playing a game of Simon Says
that was the game where they did you did
whatever the other player told you to do
clap your hands jump up and down and
slap your knee as long as he or she says
Simon Says
well now it's Trump says Trump says
tariffs Republicans are now four tariffs
Trump says to pass tax cuts the drive of
the federal deficit Republicans are huge
tax rate now the drive of the federal
deficit Trump says to like rush hour
Republicans are supposed to be nice to
Russia now this Trump says get a little
trickier of course when it comes to
personal stuff back in September of 2009
someone said we need once again for our
movement in our future to be willing to
fight for freedom free markets and
traditional moral values that was Mike
Pence now the country's vice president
speaking not so long ago free markets
but Trump says tariffs traditional moral
values but Trump says forget about it
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
