this could get interesting my next guest
is one of the only people in the world
who spoke directly to stormy Daniels
when she was telling her whole story
holding nothing back in 2011 Geordi
lippy McGraw interviewed Daniels for In
Touch magazine you're shaking your head
this is true yes you can see it here
that was the cover quote my affair with
Donald now the transcript of that only
came out this year stormy Daniels went
into some great detail in that
discussion about what she called this
relationship and contact with mr. Trump
now today miss Daniels is facing a kind
of restraining order which Donald
Trump's lawyer obtained through
arbitration she is suing this time not
for money she says but for freedom for
freedom of speech her lawyer arguing
that the entire hush payment agreement
they reached was invalid because Trump
didn't sign it
our position is clear he never signed
the agreement even though he knew all
about it
and therefore she's free to speak if if
the White House or if mr. Cohen has any
evidence that he actually signed the
agreement they should be disseminating
it not tomorrow morning tonight the
president United States needs to answer
the very best basic questions relating
to his relationship with Miss Daniel's
Donald Trump hasn't really made public
comments about the new part of these
accusations from this adult film star
but he is apparently not happy with his
staff on this new reporting from CNN
says he's quote very unhappy with his
press secretary from yesterday's
briefing saying that Trump has made it
very clear none of these allegations are
true but she kicked up quite a storm in
referring to the arbitration fight I'm
joined now by Majority Lippe McGrath
thanks for being here that's for having
me did you ever think when you landed
this story it would be like this no
certainly not I never thought that an
interview that I did six years ago would
now become part of major news and a
presidential scandal it's just it's a
crazy story I mean back in 2011 you have
to remember Donald Trump was just a
reality stars I do remember that so I
never quite thought that he would become
president let a known that
an interview that I did with the porn
star involving the future president
would become big news
you remember her you remember this
interview yes I did it over the phone so
I never met her actually in person
but yes I I interviewed her over the
phone and in touch released for the full
transcript 2,000 words to be exact at
the time did you think she was telling
the truth or lying I mean as a reporter
you always kind of have a sense of
skepticism when people come forward with
these types of stories so we did our due
diligence as a reporting team obviously
I spoke with her you see everything that
came out we had her take a lie-detector
test which she passed she passed a lie
detector yes she did we also spoke with
other people who corroborated her story
so by the end of that whole process I
had no reason not to believe that she
was telling the truth
you did believe her I did yes of course
and based on what's come out since then
do you find her story more or less
credible I find it to be more credible
to be completely honest I mean she she
hasn't spoken out yet but all of her
friends and other people that have come
out have said similar stories to the one
that's that I've had and she's obviously
tackling this head-on with her lawyer so
I if it's not true it would be very
surprising I mean there's a lot of
detail to go into in that interview to
not be true well and the beat is a
family show or we aim to be so there's a
lot that we're just not going to get
into yeah but there was this part and
and this was the relationship being
businesslike stormy telling you again in
the interview that set this all off
originally quote he was curious not
necessarily about the sex or anything
like that but business questions he kept
showing me he was on the cover of a
magazine he kept showing it to me he was
trying to sell me I guess what did you
make of that I mean the whole time I was
speaking with her it wasn't like she was
trying to make this out to be some grand
love affair that they were in love and
that they wanted to run off together it
did seem like a business transaction on
both sides I think she was hoping to see
what she could get out of it maybe she
could get on Celebrity Apprentice and he
was hoping to see what he could get out
of it and he certainly apparently did
get something out of it that he wanted
in a sentence or two why does this story
matter now
I think it matters now because you know
the Wall Street Journal came out the New
York Times have come out everyone has
come out with this reporting and and if
a presidential candidate did pay someone
to stay quiet
that's big news and the intouch
interview I think just kind of blew the
lid off of it once it got published it
okay there are Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me
or click over on this list to see lots
of other great videos
