now is Leo Gerard he is the
international president of the United
Steelworkers of America and he is
somebody that I think is very happy with
today's announcement mr. Gerard welcome
back to the show thank you glad to be on
with you so let me start with why do you
why do you believe these steel tariffs
are needed and why do you think they're
gonna work well let me put things in
perspective this has been a long-term
problem go back to all the way to
President Clinton when he was leaving
office he wrote a letter to the Commerce
Department that said the Commerce
Department should take action because
the steel industry but under attack for
30 years so that for at least the 30
years since then we've been pushing hard
for some responsible response to what's
going on in the economy our members
aren't looking for something special
well I make that clear our members are
looking for a level playing field and
what President Trump has done is he's
given a signal that he's gonna level the
playing field we've tried to get
Democratic administrations Republican
administrations to do this and let me
make another point about Canada now
Canada has a trade deficit with the
United States United States a cent more
steel to Canada than Canada sent to the
US but next year Canada might send more
and there we go the other way because we
have an integrated market so I'm looking
forward to the next steps and making
sure that this gonna translate into jobs
now you're you want to make an exception
for Canada not everybody does well let
me ask you this what you you just made a
case for how difficult it is I think to
impose tariffs because you said well
Canada in the United States it's an
integrated market particularly in the
steel industry there's a lot of an
ensuring there's a lot of American
manufacturing in this country that uses
steel imports to make things here in
America and it's this as it's going to
locate it right Chuck both ways Canada
it's got a real exception because of the
integration of our economy an auto part
might start off in Hamilton making steel
it'll come to Detroit it'll go back to
Windsor it'll come back to some other
place in the US and it goes into an
automobile so that it's really an
integrated market that we've got but let
me say this the president has made it
really clear
that he's gonna tackle these trade
deficits it's unacceptable that America
would have an 800 billion dollar trade
deficit but when you subtract services
roughly six hundred billion dollar
annual trade deficit that's a wealth
transfer and you can't argue that those
trade deficits are creating good jobs
look trade deficits are taking good jobs
away and people argue though that the
power of trade particularly the United
States is that yes there going to be
some countries where there's trade
deficits but there's also a national
security component these you know we're
exporting values you're exporting
democracy you're exporting an ability to
have a financial Ally I don't understand
your point but I'll tell you this China
doesn't only dump steel into our market
it dumps unemployment into our market
and so we know who the cheater we know
who the cheaters are and then you think
that this will get adjusted China no I
think that we should look at all the
cheaters and and we look should look at
those countries that don't cheat they
play by the rules who else is cheating
on steel as China China South Korea
India Vietnam Russia not only on steel
but on aluminum and and let's put things
in a real perspective in in fifteen
years ago America made about a hundred
and thirty million tons of steel now we
make eighty-five million tons of steel
but you know what we're the most
productive steel industry in the world
our members can make steel at less than
one hour per ton up to mountain an hour
and a half and a ton of steel from
America has got one-third the carbon
emissions that it does from China from
South Korea from Vietnam from India from
Egypt from Brazil those countries all
cheat all we're asking for is the level
playing field and what the president has
done is send a signal that he's gonna
help us get a level playing field and we
gave the Republicans we gave the
Democrats we've given every government
since before Clinton hoped that they
would do something in Wilbur Ross and
Peter Navarro and Bob light Heiser
deserve to be complimented for
recognizing that if the next 20 years
are like the last 20 years we really
have a national security problem and we
need to make sure that
friend our friends are with us and not
against us mr. Jared tell me about why
george w bush tried this and he and he
pulled them back after about a year why
didn't those steel tariffs have the
impact that i think you're hoping these
will why do you think it's gonna be
different this time well first of all
they did have an impact the we had
pushed for a three-year resolution and
we got eighteen months and in that
eighteen months steel industries put in
hundreds of millions of dollars of
investment into their plants that made
those plants the most competitive in the
world to just pick us steel for example
US Steel put a hundred million dollars
into its pipe mill in Lorain Ohio that
pipe mill in the Reno has been killed by
South Korean dumping into our market
South Korea built a oil country tubular
mill and they don't drill one inch not
chuck not one inch in their own country
and they made that tube country to
burgers was steel from China that was
under sanctions from America so we need
to make sure that we're watching for
transshipment we need to make sure that
people are playing by the rules Prime
and South Korea doesn't drill in their
own country their decision is to target
America and they've now got almost 80
percent in the market in that hundred
million dollars that US Steel put into
the rain might as well had a barbecue
with me let me ask you this a political
question sir obviously traditionally
unions have been more supportive of
Democratic candidates or the Democratic
Party Donald Trump's obviously made a
different type of campaign was truly
trying to win over some of your rank and
file how popular is Donald Trump in the
Steel Workers Union let me say this that
Donald Trump was able to see the steel
worker agenda what what he did is what
we've been fighting for for more than
thirty years and I think what happened
is that this he's gonna have a major
impact on our members it's gonna make it
very hard for our members to ignore what
he's just did and what makes me sad is
we've been trying to get Democrats to do
this for more than 30 years is it going
to translate to Republicans who are
fighting you guys on this most of the
Capitol Hill Republicans are against you
on this yeah well look at we'll see what
happens and we won't be one-trick ponies
we won't make our decision of who we
recommend and based on one issue there's
a lot of issues that our members care
about we care about what happened to
our healthcare program we're care what
happens to the environment we care about
what happens to real job creation we
care about what happens to job training
we have a lot of issues that we care
about this will certainly be one of them
and I think as I said Wilbur Ross in
particular deserves a lot of credit for
recognizing that the next 20 years was
they look like the last 20 years we'd be
in serious trouble and for those that
don't recognize that it's one last point
were the most productive steel industry
in both US and Canada in the world Leo
Gerard had to the Steel Workers Union
thanks for coming on sharing your views
much appreciated sir thanks to beyond
Chuck look forward to more hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
