which man Adam Schiff right there the
ranking member of house Intel saying
that witnesses don't get to pick and
choose what they want to answer so he is
going to try and subpoena Corey
Lewandowski to come back to testify in
front of house Intel saying that he was
refusing to answer a number of questions
that would be helpful in their
investigation Nakoma story the issue
here is that Republicans and he was
asked this question a moment ago
Republicans haven't been so favorable in
terms of which subpoenas or haven't been
likely to opt for what the Democrats
want for which subpoenas they want to
they want to dole out
that's crush the Democrats feel other
Republicans on the committee had been
lakhs on subpoenas have to have allowed
witnesses from the Trump world to get
away with ignoring certain questions
claiming certain privileges and the
committee has not challenged that and by
and large that's factually true they
have chosen not to call back some
witnesses they chosen not to issue
subpoenas and and compel testimony on
certain questions and some of these
issues of privilege if the people have
to actually answer the questions about
certain times what the president have
not really been fully aired out and
figured out who now ski has never worked
in the administration didn't work in the
transition what sort of privilege could
he possibly maintained that's a great
question and it's one of the reasons
that there's actually a good case to go
forward and make him answer some of
these questions but he does spend a lot
of time in the White House these days
but he doesn't work for the White House
or the government or this administration
in any way
katelyn the house Intel committee mm-hmm
started off trying to be bipartisan
trying to do their best to attack this
in a fair way it has gone completely off
the rails mm-hmm
what's the point of it at this point
it's a good question I mean it has gone
completely off the rails the
Intelligence Committee on the house side
it was supposed to be this kind of
bastion of non-partisanship and
bipartisanship it has traditionally
operated that way and for good reason
because you're dealing with such secure
information about security classified
information and the like since the
beginning of last year really we have
seen it just spiral into this really
partisan state and remember just a few
weeks ago you have this
battle over these competing memos and
which just shows that the committee is
operating with perhaps different
information on different parts and can't
even agree on what the parameter should
be and whatever the conclusion that come
up with is not going to be believed by a
good section of the pub of the
population exactly and you have had the
president's allies in Congress really
working to undermine the investigation
as a whole and you've seen in polling
that it is penetrating through and the
president is counting on that in a way
which also leads us to the question that
we were talking about at the beginning
of this segment which is the president's
own anxieties about this caused so many
more problems for him and for everybody
involved that could easily have been
avoided if he just remained away from
the fray but to your point about this
day by day thinking about this gets
people into also just so defensive and
has to respond in a moment Caitlyn Harry
burns Nick compo story guys thank you
very much hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
