all right it's talked about those guys
in the Middle East while one of the guys
in the Middle East is now revealed to be
the special Council's latest cooperating
witness imagine that a guy named Jorge
nadir this guy
let's piece together what we have so far
with the new reporting and princes
testimony to the House Intelligence
Committee in December this picture is
starting to come into focus the renewed
interest is in a meeting on the remote
islands in the Indian Ocean between
Prince the emirati Crown Prince and the
head of a Russian wealth fund controlled
by the Putin government all set up by
the newest Miller Moeller witness Jorge
nadir before we get too deep into this
meeting let me give you some context
about a month earlier in December of
2016 presidential adviser and son-in-law
Jared Kushner along with incoming
national security adviser Mike Flynn met
with Sergey gisli act the Russian
ambassador to Washington in Trump Tower
according to intelligence intercepts his
lyac reported back to his superiors in
Moscow that Kushner suggested setting up
a back-channel with Russia and proposed
using Russian facilities in Washington
to prevent surveillance by US
intelligence the incoming president's
son-in-law wanted a back-channel
that US intelligence couldn't monitor
his lyac was reportedly stunned by the
suggestion from a member of the
president's transition team now nearly
two weeks later Kushner met with Russian
bank chief Sergei Gourcuff in Trump
Tower Gourcuff runs VEB it's a financial
institution described as a Kremlin piggy
bank with very close ties to President
Vladimir Putin now the White House
claimed the meeting was strictly
strictly diplomatic rather than
business-related but the bank told The
Washington Post that Gorka met with
Kushner in his capacity as the head of
the Kushner companies NBC's Keir Simmons
caught up with Gourcuff last summer and
he was less than forthcoming about the
meeting they were the subject of intense
scrutiny in America because of your
meeting with Donald Trump Stein
any comments about that I don't know
kind of session about the blockchain I
know what were you talking about
business no comments please a few days
after that Flynn Kushner and then
campaign Chairman Steve Bannon met with
the United Arab Emirates Crown Prince
also at Trump Tower the Prince did not
inform the Obama administration that he
was visiting the country that is a
highly unusual move for a foreign head
of state the Crown Prince reportedly
invited Eric Prince to the Seychelles
Islands now according to Prince once
there he and Nader suggested that Prince
talked to Kirill demetria that's the
Russian fund manager with links to
Putin's governments Prince said he was
there as a private citizen that he met
Demetria at a bar the two had a drink
and that was that but according to
Washington Post reporting from US
European and Arab officials Eric Prince
was there as an unofficial surrogate for
Trump and wanted the Crown Prince to
arrange a meeting with a Putin associate
the Seychelles Islands were chosen to
keep media attention away from the
gathering so I know this is complicated
let's pull it all together now we have
the president's son-in-law and first
national security adviser on one side
the Russian ambassador and to Putin
linked financial leaders on the other
here's what we know
Flynn and Kushner met with his lyac at
Trump Tower Kushner then met with Gore
Cobb though it's unclear if the two
discussed diplomatic issues or as the
bank claims financial items something
that would be in direct conflict by the
way with Kushner's political role a
month later
Erik Prince met with the Russian fund
manager Dmitri of in the Seychelles
Islands a meeting several officials say
was in a trump surrogate capacity and
Erik Prince is reported to have visited
Trump Tower during the transition two
times almost nothing is known about
those meetings but the web of
connections is getting much clearer
joining me now is senior politics
reporter for box
Andrew Procop who pulled together an
incredible piece for blocks connecting
the dots on these meetings and former US
Attorney for the Eastern District of
Michigan MSNBC contributor Barbara
McQuade andrew i tried as best as i
could to make sense of that thing
it is understandably very confusing but
there are people from around the globe
who under normal science circumstances
would not be connected to each other who
now are tell us about the characters
involved because you've got a lot of
detail on them and what Muller is
probably looking at well Trump Tower was
a very busy place in the December 2016
January 2017 period so when it comes to
this meeting in the Seychelle the key
players are Eric Prince who founded the
Private Security / mercenary company
Blackwater he scored many big contracts
during the Bush administration it's a
very controversial company some of its
employees got into some trouble for
killing Iraqi civilians he since sold
the company and now gone out in search
of new lines of business also important
to note is that he is the brother of
Betsy DeVos the education secretary in
Trump's administration and he's a big
donor to Trump - and he's close to Steve
Bennett so then you have the Russian
fund manager Kiril Dmitri EV he runs a
ten billion dollar sovereign wealth fund
that is controlled by the Russian
government and so the meeting that we're
talking about here is Eric Prince and
Demetria have meeting in the Seychelles
Islands now this meeting was first
reported all the way back in April of
last year by The Washington Post and at
the time anonymous sources claimed to
the post that the purpose of the meeting
was so Trump steam and Putin's team
could secretly communicate to each other
in a way that wouldn't get picked up by
the media or by intelligence services so
they picked these sort of back-channel
representatives unofficial
representatives because they had some
important discussions to have now Eric
Prince has denied that any such thing
happened as you just played he denied it
to you he denied it under oath to the
House Intelligence Committee he said
that he
had no idea he was even going to meet a
Russian there he said that he just flew
over to have a discussion with the crown
prince of the United Arab Emirates and
then at the end of their meeting one
person present said there's also this
Russian guy here who would like to meet
with you and Prince just had the meeting
nothing much happened that's his story
now Muller has a new cooperating witness
Jorge nadir who set up the meeting he
nadir apparently flew into Dulles
Airport and by Washington in January and
and was met by the FBI at Moeller's
request they served him with a subpoena
they took his electronics and now
apparently he's testifying to the grand
jury and he's telling a very different
story it seems then what Erik Prince is
telling he's saying that it really was a
back-channel
between Trump and Putin's this is kind
of fascinating I just want to show my
viewers again that wall of four
characters Eric Prince Carol Dmitri of
Mohammed bin Zayed the UAE Prince and
Jorge nadir I don't know how you'd ever
get these four people on the same wall
in the same story but just a short time
ago the ranking Democrat on the House
Intelligence and this bat-channel let's
listen this meeting was part of an
effort to establish a back channel to
Russia that the meeting that Erik Prince
had with the Russian bang
was not happenstance is obviously at
odds with what we heard in the testimony
before the House Intelligence Committee
so Barbara Eric Prince said to Stephanie
and me that this is a nothing burger
then he met this guy he was very
specific he said I had a beer he
probably had a vodka we talked for 20 or
30 minutes and that was the end of it
and I had no idea they'd had any ties to
the Russian government at all which is a
little hard to understand for a guy
who's as smart as Eric Brinson who has
succeeded as much in life as Eric Prince
has here's the bottom line that
conversation that Eric had with
Stephanie and me was on December 1st
2017 after he had spoken to the house
Intel committee he told them this is a
big nothing burger that there's no rush
in collusion he seemed to go well beyond
his line of questioning what do you make
of this and what kind of trouble can
Eric Prince be in if he was found to not
have told the truth about the
motivations behind this meeting
particularly if he was trying to set up
a back-channel with the Russians that
American intelligence couldn't surveil
yet lying to Congress even a
congressional committee is a crime and
so if it can be proved to the
contradictory testimony of mr. nadir and
other evidence then he could have some
potential criminal exposure here that
could be an opportunity for Muller's
team to offer some sort of cooperation
deal and find out what else
Eric Prince might know about this or if
there's a different version of the story
he might want to tell I think one of the
things that is a real red flag probably
for the Muller team is all of the
secrecy that's involved here we now have
two reports of inquiry into a
back-channel so that the Trump
administration can talk with Russians
outside of the hearing of the
intelligence community you know that
suggests that perhaps there is some
improper or illegal activity that is
going to be discussed going to a remote
island like the Seychelles to have this
conversation also suggests you know
subterfuge and secrecy and so that
secrecy is likely a red flag for Robert
Muller so I think he is going to probe
until he gets to the bottom of it and a
lie by Erik Prince if if proven true
could be an opportunity to get
cooperation out of him to get to the
bottom of is there a logical reason why
the incoming Trump administration that
hadn't taken office yet the transition
team would want to have conversations
with the rush
that evaded American official
intelligence surveillance does that make
any sense to you is there anything that
comes to mind that would make that
sensible not really I can understand why
they might want to have some initial
outreach and during that transition time
so the mere fact that they're talking
with each other
doesn't seem on its face to be illegal
there may be some you know technical
problems with we only have one
administration at a time and at the time
it was the Obama administration but if
they're making early overtures to
establish relationships I don't know
that that alone is problematic but the
idea that you would want to freeze out
the intelligence community you should
want their involvement I would think for
your own protection so I think that this
idea this concept of a back-channel if
true is likely to be something that
Robert Muller would want to probe let me
ask you Andrew there's an other story so
big that it's hard to get your head
around but Eric Prince also has a second
business line as you mentioned he sold
Blackwater he's trying to get into other
lines of mercenary work including the
official takeover of the American
military presence in Afghanistan he has
but he was at the time pitching this
very hard to the Trump administration
that his company be given the contract
the multi-billion dollar contract to
handle security and wage war if you will
in Afghanistan he's pretty deep into
this so his casual nothing burger I'm
not involved this was just a beer thing
sort of belies the degree to which Eric
Trump is involved with this
administration yes I think that's right
and the story that Eric prince told to
the House Intelligence Committee about
just how he ended up going to the
Seychelles it is a very strange story he
essentially just says that the Emirati
crown prince's aides called him up one
day and said hey come to the Seychelles
and then he just went there and he
wanted to discuss in hopes of discussing
some business but then he can't name any
specific business that was actually
discussed there he says it was just
talking about general issues so it's
it's a long trip and it's sort of a
little difficult to believe that he
would
make such a trip and have so little
accomplished and you know just purely
accidentally through happenstance and
chance happen to have this meeting with
this Russian fund manager who is close
to Putin and and runs a fund that is
controlling a guy as smart as as Erik
Prince wouldn't actually know that the
guy had ties to the Russian government
the whole thing is a mystery Andrew
thank you for your good work on this I
really appreciated Andrew Prokop is a
Vox senior political reporter Barbara
McQuade is a former US Attorney for the
Eastern District of Michigan
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
