so much scandal it's hard to keep track
of so the domestic scandal that's facing
the White House involves details of an
extramarital affair alleged hush money
and a secret restraining order but it
has real legal and political
implications so let's follow the money
this follows this revolves around the
alleged relationship between then
businessman and reality TV star Donald
Trump and adult film actress stormy
Daniels the two allegedly allegedly
engaged in an affair in 2006 shortly
after Melania Trump gave birth to the
couple's son Barron
NBC News learned late Wednesday that the
president's personal lawyer Michael
Cohen obtained a secret restraining
order in an arbitration proceeding
telling daniels she could face legal
penalties if she speaks out publicly
about that relationship The Wall Street
Journal reports that on October 27th
2016 days before the election Cohen sent
a one hundred and thirty thousand dollar
payment to Daniel's was through First
Republic Bank the payment was so large
that it was flagged as suspicious by
Cohen's bank first republic' he insists
this money came out of his personal
funds and refused to discuss a reason
for the payment now after Trump's
election victory Cohen began complaining
of friends that he had not yet been
reimbursed for the money this is
according to The Wall Street Journal
raising suspicions about the nature of
the payment watchdog groups allege that
even if the payment was made by Cohen it
would still fall under campaign finance
laws the agreement goes that if Trump
wanted to or their argument goes that if
strum wanted to simply protect his
reputation a payment would have been
made in 2011 when Daniels told in Touch
magazine about the affair the timing of
the payment just 12 days before the
presidential election puts it squarely
in the realm of a politically motivated
effort White House press secretary Sarah
Huckabee Sanders acknowledged that
yesterday
the president has addressed these
directly and made very well clear that
none of these allegations are true this
case has already been won in arbitration
and anything beyond that I would refer
you to the president's outcome outside
Council but an arbitration ruling isn't
a win it only imposes a temporary
restraining order on Daniels which could
be litigated further Sanders comments
add credence to the reporting but her
characterization is misleading to say
the least
joining me now is Paul s Ryan vice
president for policy and litigation at
the nonprofit government watchdog group
common cause he has spent 20 years
specializing in finance ethics and
election law Paul as much as this is
interesting and salacious this could be
about an affair it could be about
anything it's really about a payment
that Michael cone made a man who worked
for Donald Trump on behalf of a man who
doesn't settle anything who likes to
talk about the fact that he doesn't
settle anything and who will not admit
to this payment what is the complaint
that common cause has filed with the
Federal Election Commission and what are
you trying to achieve well Americans
have a right to know who is spending
money to influence their vote on
Election Day and this is not a
politically controversial right this is
something that Republicans and Democrats
and independents and conservatives and
liberals and moderates and even the US
Supreme Court with its conservative
majority they all agree Americans have a
right to know who's spending money to
influence their election their vote on
election and there's a law that that
that makes that the case yeah there are
as a federal campaign finance law that
says any payment for the purpose of
influencing an election is an
expenditure and any payment any
expenditure that's made in coordination
with are directed by a candidate is an
in-kind contribution to that campaign
and must be reported by that campaign to
the FEC that didn't happen here that's a
violation the other potential violation
hinges on the source of the funds if the
money came from anyone other than Donald
Trump then we have an additional
contribution violation an illegally
large contribution or an illegal
corporate contribution now Donald Trump
he can spend as much of his own money to
influence the election as he wants but
if anyone else provided this funds
that's a second violation in addition to
the non-disclosure so let's put it this
way we determined that Don
Trump did direct the spending of this
money and that somehow the money came
from him or it was reimbursed to to his
lawyer Cohen would that still be a
violation still a violation if Donald
Trump directed the spending of this
money and to be us even if he didn't
common cause we filed our complaint in
January when we learned that Michael
Cohen was directing all of this hush
money negotiations and payment even the
involvement of Michael Cohen means this
is a trump campaign expense the Trump
campaign was required by law to disclose
it to the FEC and consequently to the
public that didn't happen so we're
talking about a campaign finance law
violation regardless of where the money
came so I want to be very clear on this
the implication the allegation is that
the payment was made may be directed by
mr. Trump or maybe not but it was made
in order to affect the outcome of an
election or to influence voting in the
election correct and the other
critically important fact that makes
this a violation is that it was done
even if not directed by President Trump
in coordination with President Trump
and/or Michael Cohen or other campaign
officials how important and how easy or
difficult will it be to prove that part
well we've we filed our complaints with
both the Department of Justice and the
Federal Election Commission both of
which have subpoena power they have the
power to open an investigation to
subpoena email communications to compel
testimony from Michael Cohen
Stephanie Clifford and others to find
out who knew what and when Stephanie
Clifford alleged in her lawsuit filed in
California this week around the contract
that the president was directly involved
that the president directed Michael
Cohen to initiate these negotiations and
that to her knowledge the purpose of all
of this was to keep her quiet in the
context of the election to help ensure
president Trump's victory so we already
have one party to the to the negotiation
Stephanie Clifford a Kay stormy Daniels
giving us the evidence we need to make
clear that this was a violation of
federal law do you believe the Justice
Department or the Election Commission is
going to do something about this you
you've outlined that they have the power
to will they I'm certainly hopeful that
they will the Federal Election
Commission doesn't have a great track
record but look since we filed our
complaint in January January
20 second I believe the date was the
facts have continued to trickle out the
evidence has continued to mount both by
Michael Cohen's own statements as well
as this new lawsuit from Stephanie
Clifford and some excellent reporting by
reporters at The Wall Street Journal and
The Washington Post
so as the evidence mounts I have a hard
time seeing the FEC not doing something
about this that would be remarkable if
the FEC refused to do its job here all
right we'll keep an eye on that Paul
thanks very much for the work that
you're doing
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
