this is Gary cones last meeting in the
cabinet and of the cabinet and he's been
terrific he may be a globalist but I
still like him he's seriously at
Lovelace is no question but you know
what in his own way he's an analyst
because he loves our country and and
he's gonna go out and make another
couple of hundred million and then then
he's gonna maybe come back you might
come back right we'll be here absolutely
another seven years hopefully and that's
a long time but I have a feeling you'll
be back I don't know if I can put him in
the same position though it's he's not
quite as strong are those tariffs as we
want them that's a but I want to know
seriously on behalf of all of us I want
to thank you he's been great he really
worked with Wilbur and Steve and all of
the people Mike we all worked so hard on
it on the tax cuts and they have been
far beyond I would say Gary our wildest
expectations I mean what we thought
would be very good has turned out to be
unbelievable great and people are
appreciating it a lot the Democrats
don't know what to do this I go boy this
is turning out to be not good for them
we didn't get one Democrat vote so I
just want to thank Gary
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
