new column tackles speech codes and
identity politics on college campuses
also joining us for this conversation in
Washington White House reporter for The
Washington Examiner Sarah Westwood good
morning to you both Barry it's always
good to see you the headline of your
column is we're all fascists now talks
about what's happening on our culture's
and use the recent example of christina
hoff sommers going to a campus and it's
this idea of speech being treated as
aggression speech being treated as
violence terms like fascist and racist
being thrown around casually just
briefly explain who she is and what
happened so Christina Hoff Sommers is a
former philosophy professor a registered
Democrat and a sort of heterodox
feminist she takes aim often at the axe
at the excesses of third wave feminism
she says things that have become taboo
of things like you know the gap in STEM
fields is not just the result of sexism
that actually contrary to received
wisdom the American school system is
more harmful to boys than girls she says
things that piss people off and she
often does it with a wicked sense of
humor which are often true by the way
yes and there's tons of research to back
up a lot of these things things that if
you said them at an evolutionary biology
or psychology conference no one would
bat an eye but the question of gender
difference has become so third-rail and
taboo that you're not even allowed to
touch it you just have to parrot the
line the gender is completely a social
construct anyway she goes to Lewis and
Clark invited by the Federalist Society
to give a speech to the law students
there and a letter is circulated among
nine student groups accusing her of
being a known fascist this is someone
that is again a registered Democrat and
a feminist the protesters show up and
you know there's amazing video I really
commend people to go look at it online
it really is emblematic of what's going
on at a lot of college campuses right
now which is an attempt to sideline
extremely reasonable ideas ideas that
only a few years ago were considered
liberal libertarian or conservative and
to tar them as fascist and outright a to
make those people themselves a liability
and and to do reputational damage to
them but also to dramatically limit the
discourse to dramatically limit freedom
of speech and thought and
what's accepted so was shouted down
these other things came in and they
started speaking over over her space
microaggressions are really they said
don't give they did something called no
platforming which is not giving a
platform but fascist she got through
half of the talk so it's free speech for
me but not for thee that old that old
philosophy what always gets me about
these stories happen to get on this
college campus that is that a law
professor and the school's Dean of
diversity and inclusion watching this
scene stepped in and asked miss summers
to wrap up her speech not that we should
hear out this idea and then have a
conversation about her afterwards she
was asked by an administration official
at the school to wrap up her speech
right I mean we're treating and in
fairness to her she later gave an
interview and she said you know I don't
think Christina Hoff Sommers is a
fascist but the students were getting
antsy the point is this students are
being coddled and treated almost like
professors are treating them are taking
on the role of being babysitters
universities used to be and are in a
democracy supposed to be a sacred place
you know in the pursuit of truth they're
in the truth pursuit business and
increasingly it seems they're in the
business of turning out social justice
warriors and giving them more of a
respect and platform in this case then
christina hoff sommers
joe yeah you know it's it's so
interesting barry that again this was
you actually had a dean coming up
shutting her speech down because there
were students shouting then i think one
of the things that's it's really been
interesting over the past three to six
months is you've actually seen some
universities and a harvard comes to mind
that is they've really taken a strong
stand charles murray a Harvard grad said
he was afraid to go back and speak there
Harvard did not allow Marie to be
disrupted in such a way that he is his
voice couldn't be heard the same thing
with secretary DeVos she went there and
there are some universities that are
actually getting this right but
University of Chicago is a huge one I
mean I really everyone should go look at
Robert Zimmer's letter about free speech
and why it is so important to protect it
not just in a legalistic First Amendment
way but the spirit of the First
Amendment which is crucial
at universities so some schools are
getting it right I agree but then you
have places like Yale where the Chris de
casas were pushed off of campus for
questioning
you know Halloween costumes you have
Brett Weinstein at Evergreen a Bernie
Sanders an occupy supporter who was
tarred as a racist him and his wife were
pushed out of campus they now consider
themselves professors in exile I mean
what kind of culture is this well and
also you you look at again you look at
the attacks against you you're talking
about free speech and you're attacked of
course after this column for trying to
inhibit free speech at Columbia when in
fact you were praised for actually be
being a free speech champion and trying
to get more voices out there but still
you were attacked and people tried to
stifle in your voice after writing this
column yeah I mean I try not to look at
this I've been called a neocon
McCarthyite all right person before it
was cool so I try not to focus on that I
don't try and focus on the issues that
really matter and this issue really
matters not just because it's a few
overzealous students but because what
happens on college campuses as we've
clearly seen over the decades informs
the broader culture these are the people
you know people that go to these schools
that are going to be the future senators
the future CEO is the future leaders of
this country and if they are being
taught that free speech is only free
until it offends someone that is a
really big problem
so Barry in the original version of this
piece when it worked posted you had
cited somebody who turned out to be a
fake account I didn't use that as an
example to make your case what happened
there I made a mistake and I corrected
it which is what we do in the newspaper
business and I apologized immediately as
soon as I saw it it's very hard as we've
learned from the last election sometimes
you fall for troll accounts that's what
I did the fact is is that the person
that I described Dave Rubin I mentioned
that he was called and in fascist
lieutenant which was not true but if you
go and you google him you'll see that in
lots of mainstream publications he's
also been smeared as someone who's on
the outright he's a gay pro-choice
anti-death-penalty liberal so there's
our
so Sara Westwood of the Washington
Examiners here you're covering Trump's
tariffs but you love this column I did I
thought it was really interesting yeah I
think it's a it's a dangerous trend but
you can characterize speech you don't
agree with as violence and in a much
less intense way we're sort of seeing
that here in Washington that policy
disagreements can be reframed as moral
disagreements not just as a way to
invalidate the other side but as a way
to avoid ever having to engage an idea
on the merits so when we're talking
about whether it's net neutrality or tax
reform there are partisans on both sides
that characterize you know tax cuts as
hurting the poor you know or you're
gonna strip internet away from rural
areas you know make it and they want to
harm children's learning you know right
it becomes a moral disagreement so let's
talk about tariffs you cover the White
House for the Washington Examiner maybe
you can enlighten us
yeah what's going to happen on tariffs
what exactly is the policy well we don't
know it was still in flux as late as
into the night last night you know staff
were pulling an all-nighter this is the
kind of thing we've seen with Trump many
times before they'll throw out a crazy
idea whether it's we're gonna leave NATO
we're gonna tear up NAFTA and then he
retreats to a much more reasonable
position and it's sort of a negotiating
tactic to put the the targets of that
negotiation on notice so we've seen him
move gradually away from these tariffs
are going to apply universally to all
trading partners regardless of whether
they're contributing to the global steel
glut to you know we're going to have a
delayed fuse these tariffs won't kick in
for a month or so and there will be
exemptions and that's where we are now
we'll see what happens today
Sarah Westwood thank you very much very
Weiss thank you as well thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
