there is yet another story breaking
tonight about the Special Counsel
investigation this is new details on
what Muller is investigating and
evidence his team is gathering regarding
in this secret meeting in the Seychelle
Islands from during the transition
period now tonight it's the Washington
Post on this one reporting the Special
Counsel has gathered new evidence that a
meeting between Eric Prince a fairly
controversial Trump campaign donor he's
also the brother of Education Secretary
Betsy DeVos and a Russian official close
to Putin were meeting just days before
Trump's inauguration the report is that
this was in fact part of an effort to
establish wait for it a secret back
channel with Russia reading from this
new report Special Counsel Bob Muller
gathering evidence that a secret meeting
in the Seychelles just before the
inauguration of Trump was an effort to
establish this quote back-channel
between the incoming administration and
the Kremlin apparently contradicting
statements made to lawmakers by one of
its participants a witness cooperating
with Muller's told investigators the
meeting was set up in advance so they
representative of the Trump transition
could meet with an emissary from Moscow
to discuss future relations between the
countries according to the people
familiar with the matter who spoke on
the condition of anonymity to discuss
sensitive matters that cooperating
witness is Jorge nadir a Lebanese
American businessman who told Muller's
investigators he helped to organize and
attend the meeting and again this new
information from Nader is important
because it would seem to contradict this
testimony the prince gave to house
investigators last year and that's like
an oath proceeding you have a legal
obligation there Prince saying he
attended the meeting in the Seychelles
Islands as a private business person he
denied that it had anything to do with
the Trump transition he said the
encounter with that Russian fund manager
Kirill Demetria was an unplanned casual
discussion over a drink I turned out to
Siri Horowitz who is one of the two
Washington Post reporters who wrote this
breaking story tonight thank you for
joining me some of this topic has been
out there this idea that mr. nadir was
cooperating with Bob Miller and that
there was this set of meetings what is
new in
or story so viewers understand and so we
understand that advances this hi glad to
be on your show tonight
that's a good question some of this has
been out there what's new is that we now
have information that we're reporting
tonight that contradicts one of the
participants who was at this meeting
Eric Prince who testified on Capitol
Hill who told lawmakers back in November
that as you said this was just not an
official planned meeting it was an
unplanned and unimportant encounter that
came about just by chance because he
happened to be at a luxury hotel in the
Indian Ocean island nation with
officials from the United Arab Emirates
just to give your viewers some context
because it's a complicated story there's
a secret meeting in the Seychelles in
January 2017 just before the
inauguration of President Trump at the
meeting is Eric Prince who you mentioned
who's representing the Trump transition
team there's a Russian official close to
Russian President Vladimir Putin
there's officials from the United Arab
Emirates and there's a Lebanese American
businessman named George Nader now what
we're hearing we're reporting it is this
was an effort to establish this
back-channel what Eric prince told
lawmakers in November is again he just
coincidentally ran into people at this
hotel he went there as a private
business man not as an emissary from the
trunk transition team and he was
discussing possible business deals with
UAE officials and he's there and they
unexpectedly suggested he visit the
hotel bar and meet the Russian official
Carol Demetria who's very close to
Vladimir Putin he says he told lawmakers
that he talked to the Russian official
for about 30 minutes or about the time
it took him to drink a beer nothing
substantive in terms of the Trump
transition team at all why would they
want a secret back channel of the
Kremlin well this was a time this is in
the transition period and this is during
the time when
and the Trump administration is believed
to want to be talking to Russian
officials we don't know what went on in
this meeting specifically we don't know
if the whole issue of sanctions was
discussed now this is two weeks after
the very controversial phone call with
between slim the National Security
Advisor and I want to push you a little
bit and I appreciate your a careful
measured approach but I guess what I'm
getting at is Bob Muller's investigating
a Russian collusion and quid pro quo now
we're learning about an additional
potential effort to have a secret back
channel to the Kremlin they could
obviously use the transition government
mechanisms their disposal is the back
channel a clue that Bob Muller is
probing whether there was an attempt to
do something off the books secret
because it was maybe bad yes we know
he's investigating the circumstances of
this meeting and more broadly he is
examining investigating apparent efforts
by the trunk
transition team to create this
back-channel for secret talks and you
ask why would they need this
well Muller the station's meeting is a
great interest of Muller's team because
it's also investigating whether any
foreign money or foreign assistance
fueled the Trump campaign and he's
looking at how Trump officials during
the transition and the early days of the
administration communicated with foreign
officials and this was seen to be one of
the first meetings where that was done
where there is a communication it's a
back-channel
right and this this fact of moller
looking at it gives a greater context to
the period of time that goes well beyond
the campaign to whether the
instrumentalities of the transition or
government were abused something that
Mike Flynn pled guilty to lying about
and you're reporting zeroes in on a very
key part of that tonight which makes it
I would say of great investigative
interests Terry Horowitz thank you for
your time thank you for having me on Ari
still ahead after months of pressure the
White House now responding to an
adult-film store our breakdown straight
ahead
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
