the two people who the President of the
United States seems to fear the most are
Vladimir Putin and stormy Daniels and it
may be that stormy Daniels is one of the
reasons that Donald Trump fears Vladimir
Putin so much if Putin's agents have
been searching for information with
which to blackmail Donald Trump for some
years now there would be no reason for
them to limit their interest to what
Donald Trump might or might not have
done in Moscow hotel rooms so it may be
that Vladimir Putin knew much more about
Donald Trump in store need a mule
Daniels and knew it before the rest of
us did tonight we all know a lot more
about Donald Trump and stormy Daniels
thanks to stormy Daniels lawsuit against
Donald J Trump aka David Dennison and
that is actually how the lawsuit reads
and that has Donald Trump and his
lawyers all the more worried NBC News
reported today Donald Trump's lawyer
Michael Cohen is trying to silence adult
film star stormy Daniels obtaining a
secret restraining order in a private
arbitration proceeding and warning that
she faces penalties if she publicly
discusses a relationship with the
president stormy Daniels is suing Donald
Trump to avoid an agreement an agreement
that she signed with Donald Trump's
lawyers to prevent her from ever
revealing any information about her
relationship with Donald Trump's der
McDaniels signed that agreement 11 days
before the presidential election in 2016
in 2011 stormy Daniels gave an interview
to in touch weekly which they did not
then publish in which she described some
of the details of having sex with Donald
Trump in a hotel suite at Lake Tahoe
that occurred a few months after Donald
Trump's third wife Melania gave birth to
their son stormy Daniels told InTouch
that she asked Donald Trump that night
about his wife and he said oh don't
worry about her
she also said this the sex was nothing
crazy he wasn't like chained me to a bed
or anything it was one position I can
definitely describe his junk perfectly
if I ever have to he definitely seemed
smitten after that he was like I want to
see you again when can I see you again
stormy Daniels lawsuit claimed
that her confidentiality agreement has
been breached by Michael : and therefore
voided when Trump attorney Michael Cohen
told the New York Times quote in a
private transaction in 2016 I used my
own personal funds to facilitate a
payment of $130,000 to miss Stephanie
Clifford that's for me daniel's real
name
neither the Trump Organization or the
Trump campaign was a party to this
transaction with miss Clifford and
neither reimbursed me for the payment
either directly or indirectly the
lawsuit also claims that the
confidentiality agreement is void
because Donald Trump never signed it in
the space provided for the signature of
David Denison's his alias for these for
that agreement today the White House
press secretary said this the president
has addressed these directly and made
very well clear that none of these
allegations are true this case has
already been won in arbitration and
anything beyond that I would refer you
to the president's outcome outside
counsel you said that there's
arbitration that's already been one
personal attorneys and for details on
that I would refer you to them and for
details on that we now turn to stormy
Daniels lawyer attorney Michael avenatti
mr. Evan aadhi thank you very much for
joining us tonight I want to get your
reaction first of all to what the White
House press secretary just said there
how do I say this kindly nonsense
absolute nonsense you know I personally
like miss Sanders I think she has a
near-impossible job but the fact of the
matter is and I'm confident that she
didn't know that it was nonsense when
she effectively told that to the world
but it's absolutely bogus it's nonsense
any claim by the administration that
Donald Trump won in arbitration is no
different than me claiming that I won
the Super Bowl a few weeks ago it's it's
complete hooey yeah I've read the
arbitration order today it's a temporary
order that is superseded as far as I can
tell by your lawsuit which simply
includes that as one of the thing
that you're lost lawsuit is being
brought against I want to talk about go
ahead let me let me just interrupt you
if if I could I mean it's even more
simple than that if you look at the
temporary restraining order and there's
one party adverse to pp which is my
client which is EC that's the entity
that mr. Cohen set up to facilitate the
payment to hide the payment at least
that's our position Donald Trump is not
even a party to the arbitration how can
you win an arbitration that you're not
even a party to it's impossible and if
there's one thing we know from the last
five or six weeks it's that and if
there's one thing that mr. Cohen has
made absolutely clear in his statements
to The Wall Street Journal the New York
Times and anyone else that would listen
is that supposedly EC is different than
Donald Trump
well if EC is different than Donald
Trump for the purpose of the payment
then EC is different than Donald Trump
for the purposes of the arbitration
you can't win something you're not a
party to did stormy Daniels tell the
truth to In Touch magazine and the
details of her relationship with Donald
Trump absolutely and I think ultimately
if she's provided a forum to tell the
complete story I think the American
people are going to conclude that she's
telling the truth and really Lawrence
that's what this is about this is about
my client being able to tell her story
tell her version of events and then
let's let the chips fall where they may
let the American people decide who's
telling the truth let the American
people decide is astronomy Daniel's that
shooting straight with them or is it
Donald Trump is it strongly Daniels on
Michael Cohen is it stormy Daniels or
miss Sanders and we're confident in the
outcome were that to take place so
stormy Daniels his story is that she had
sex with Donald Trump she described that
in some detail in the intouch interview
Donald Trump to my knowledge has never
contradicted stormy Daniels he's never
attacked her this is the one person the
one woman who has come out and stood in
Donald Trump's way that for some reason
Donald Trump seems to be afraid of kid
can you give us any insight as to why
Donald Trump remains absolutely silent
about stormy Daniels this is the one
woman he refuses to attack
the truth hurts and I and I think really
that's what it comes down to I mean this
is a search for the truth and quite
honestly if he does have anything to
hide I don't understand what the issue
is you know that that old saying people
that people that have nothing to hide
hide nothing and here to talk about
let's talk about some of the things the
agreement the signed agreement was
trying to hide one of the things that
specifies is that stormy Daniels was
agreeing to completely divest herself of
and it lists a bunch of things including
video images still images or any other
type of creation by David Dennison
meaning any video images are still
images created by Donald Trump did she
have any video images or still images
created by Donald Trump and that's a
question I'm not gonna answer that's a
question that my client will answer at
the appropriate time if she's ever
permitted to to talk and give her side
of the story
and it also says at another point in the
agreement that store Nader McDaniels
represents that she has actually turned
over such things there's a line where it
says she represents that the only copy
of the images and property that has ever
existed at any time has been turned over
to Donald Trump's counsel are you aware
of her having turned over anything like
that images to Donald Trump's counsel
again once I think that this is a
question that's gonna have to be
addressed to my client at the
appropriate time and she's gonna be
fully prepared to answer okay and
there's just one other detail of what
they were trying to hide in this
confidentiality agreement that I'd like
to go over with you and and tell us what
you can about it if anything and I just
want to read it for the audience this is
something that's their definition of
confidential information it includes all
intangible private information relating
to or pertaining to Donald Trump
including business information familial
information any of his
alleged sexual partners alleged sexual
actions or alleged sexual conduct
related matters or paternity information
are you aware of your clients having
anything to say about paternity
information involving Donald Trump again
Lawrence when my client has provided the
opportunity to speak freely and honestly
and openly to the American people I
don't think she's gonna hold back I
think she's going to tell the truth and
nothing but the truth and we're gonna
let the American people decide who's
telling the truth can you give us a
quick outline of what you're expecting
your the next legal steps here well
quite honestly I wasn't expecting the
Sanders statement at the White House
today which is patently false so it's
always an interesting ride I guess when
you're dealing with the administration
so we don't know exactly what to
anticipate but here's what we'd like to
anticipate here's what we'd like to see
a few very basic questions this case
really boils down to a very few basic
questions and it really is this simple
number one did the president know of the
negotiation the agreement the payment of
one hundred thousand and thirty thousand
dollars and the issues relating to our
client that's number one that can be
answered in less than 140 characters
it's either yes or no it's very
straightforward
second question did Donald Trump sign
the agreement yes or no answers to those
two questions is really gonna frame this
lawsuit and there's really going to
decide a lot in connection with this
case this doesn't have to drag on for a
significant period of time our position
is clear he never signed the agreement
even though he knew all about it and
therefore she's free to speak if if the
White House or if mr. Cohen has any
evidence that he actually signed the
agreement they should be disseminating
it not tomorrow morning tonight let's
get it out there let's find out if he
actually signed the agreement and at
some point at some point Lawrence the
president United States needs to answer
the very best basic questions relating
to his relationship with Miss Daniel's
he needs to do so just like Bill Clinton
did he needs to do so just like Gary
Hart did he needed he needs to do so
just like countless other politicians
have done over the last thirty years
Michael avenatti I guarantee you that
viewers of this program at this moment
are tweeting your questions to Donald
Trump right now we'll see if you get
those answers that way Lawrence it's
been a very long day and suffice it to
say I'm not gonna be holding my breath
okay thank you very much for joining us
really appreciate you sticking with us
tonight and staying with us this like
really thank you
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
