oh gee maybe people don't want to work
for Trump but believe me everybody wants
to work in the White House they all want
a piece of that Oval Office they want a
piece of the West Wing and not only in
terms of it looks great on their resume
it's just a great place to work it's
such a great place to work let's take a
look at some of the other exits in just
over one year of this administration's
this by the way is no means an
exhaustive list but stay with me it's
pretty long first the Oval Office
clear out chief of staff Reince Priebus
was ousted last summer in favor of John
Kelly deputy chief Katie Walsh and
Deputy Chief Rick Dearborn are gone the
headline of this one however is Steve
Benton the former White House chief
strategist resigned after a
confrontational history with other
staffers and some explosive comments in
that now-infamous
Michael Wolfe book alright in the
president's cabinet Health and Human
Services Secretary Tom Price resigned
over mounting criticism over his private
jet travel the national security team
had an early shake-up with national
security adviser Mike Flynn you remember
him resigning nearly a year ago he went
on to plead guilty in the special
counsels investigation sorry I'd let me
tell you Mike Flynn there he is he went
on to plead guilty in the special
council's Russia investigation deputy
national security adviser Deena Powell
katie mcfarland same job also left their
posts
ezra cohen wat nic Mike Flynn hire was
removed a senior director for
intelligence by current national
security adviser HR McMaster Ezzor if
you're watching this send us a photo of
you that we can use thank you there's a
lot of shake-up in this administration
top aides to the president staff
secretary staff secretary Rob Porter was
let go very publicly after allegations
of spousal abuse against two ex-wives
surface Josh raffle a communications
aide close to Jared Kushner and Ivanka
Trump also out in a very public ousting
Omarosa Manigault newman left her role
as communications director at the office
of the public liaison and top TV
surrogate and presidential assistant
sebastian Gorka was pushed out at least
partially because of his inability to
pass a security clearance background
check and that he was a really charming
guy and of course the communications
director the president is now looking
for the fifth one of his administration
after a longtime aide hope Hicks left
the role the White House is now
searching for the next person that wants
a piece of the West way
a piece of the West Wing
I still somebody said you said the other
day on TV that these jobs I think you
were referring specifically to the the
chief of staff's job it's not like
cleaning toilets in the top top these
are because remember president Trump has
been in business for decades and I
challenge you tell me the top executives
who worked on the Trump Organization who
went on to do great things you're
talking about Wall Street you can think
you know who left credit Swiss to go on
to do great things you could say Larry
Fink started Blackrock you can say who
left Goldman to start a a great hedge
fund you could say Eric mnDOT's who left
a Trump organization to go on to big a
build a big business don't rush with the
answer
think about that we'll ask you let's ask
our next guest former auto advisor to
the US Treasury and chairman of Alette
adviser Steve Rattner all right Steve
that right there was just a sampling of
the many exits from this administration
now the White House is sort of saying
Gary cones been great loved having him
there pushing out this narrative that
it's a bit like listen it's one of the
New Yorkers who's heading back to the to
New York do you think Gary leaving is
the same as hope leaving Josh leaving
everybody else Dina no Gary leaving is
very significant for two reasons first
because he occupied a very senior job
very special important job as the
coordinator of economic policy but
secondly because it came in the context
of these tariffs where Gary was well
known to oppose them where he left
immediately after the president made his
decision and so in the kind of war
between the globalists and the populist
in the White House you have to score one
for the populist and Gary was I don't
agree with him on a lot of things but he
was incredibly mature stabilizing force
in whether the president agrees or not
in what everyone else thinks is a sea of
chaos okay can I just say isn't the most
important thing though that Gary
job is the coordinator and in a chaotic
White House Gary knew he might disagree
with President Trump on his nationalist
views but how the process went down if
President Trump wants to go America
first it doesn't have to mean America
only and the structure of these tariffs
as they were presented Wednesday and
Thursday doesn't put America first much
like leaving TPP it leaves a
Amerika out well let's talk about the
process for a second first first of all
they use something called section 232
which is already twice before to ban
Libyan oil and Iranian oil it's not
intended at all for this kind of a right
have an issue secondly the president
announced these during a press Crum at
the end of a photo op right when said
when some reporter shouted a question at
him what process-driven person would
want to see something operating like
that and that's what drove him you know
in listen he's been talking about this
for months
in January he said to the president I'm
operating a twenty percent capacity give
me more to do and they said
infrastructure and we know how
infrastructure we sure this is important
Gary Cohen is one of those people where
maybe half the country doesn't agree
with him in how he thinks but he was he
did represent that sense of order around
economic policy in the White House there
is now concern about the people who
might replace him not being
representative of that certainly if
Steve Navarro and and Peter Navarro I'm
sorry and and Wilbur Ross had an impact
on this policy Wilbur Ross is a Commerce
Secretary but Peter Navarro is sort of
as Stephanie said on the outs he's not
one of those guys who had easy access to
the president now he could replace Gary
Cohen is which is the principal adviser
on the economy well Peter Peter Navarro
may have had more access to the
president we think came out but look
again there's two pieces one is process
Gary is a Goldman Sachs guy he knew how
to run a process not all the people you
mentioned could but the other which is
he more important to me anyway is Gary
was even though the Democrat was a kind
of represented fairly mainstream
Republican thought right Peter Navarro
is a fruitcake he is way out on the edge
he's on the spectrum out on the spec
wackadoo all you had to do is watch him
on Fox News Sunday and you would know
that so the idea of giving him
responsibility would terrify me and
maybe the market one things interesting
Stephanie is that the the the White
House and Wilbur Ross and Peter Navarro
keep peddling this notion that there's
no effect to this there's no effect to
this meaningful effect of increasing
these tariffs we're gonna hire 500
people and and by the way if trade wars
okay if you're if you have trade
deficits with the rest of the world so
let's talk to things first of all it's
well proven that trade as a whole is
good we don't always take care of the
losers the way we fight but if you go
back and you read
all the serious studies in Bush's steel
import tariffs in 2002 that cost more
jobs it they cost more jobs they were
created they're ultimately ruled illegal
by the WTO was not the Bush
administration's finest moment they
admitted themselves so so that that's
one number two there will be retaliation
there is no way that all these other
countries can sit back and watch us do
this without putting tariffs on you
heard we've heard the threats about
harley-davidsons acting is all there
will be more there is no way politically
or subsequently they can't quote
retaliate so yeah we're gonna be in some
form but trade war is it gonna bring
down all of international trade and
throw the world and depression probably
not is it going to be bad for all of us
yeah it's gonna be bad for all of us so
we just make one more point the
president and is now wrapping this into
a NAFTA renegotiation right when he led
these last week this was about the
United States going after China where is
China and all of this China while they
may be launching somewhat of an economic
war with us
it's about IP it's about AI know he just
said this he he just tweeted about the
fact that we're gonna go again after
China on intellectual property but it's
almost like an afterthought China is one
of the worst protectionist countries in
the world but the way you go after them
is not by putting tariffs on Canada we
get sixteen percent of our number ten
steel order China doesn't win with
selling US Steel at depressed prices
that's not a winning trade for them no
but the point is that we should be
dealing with China but there are many
more sophisticated subtle ways he's
taking a meat axe and not even aiming it
at the problem but lowing up and hitting
a bunch of other folks so exactly to
that point the process in which the
president is going after this I believe
is what is among other things what drove
Gary Cohn out less than the is their
protection yeah look Gary didn't I
didn't resign when they put tariffs on
washing machines and solar panels
because that there are arguments why
that's not a bad thing it's part of
about pushing back and so on there would
sounds like it was done fairly
thoughtfully in the White House this was
different this was like a meat ax Steve
always good to talk to you thank you
thanks for having me Steve hey there are
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date
the videos were putting out you can
click subscribe just below me or click
over on this list to see lots of other
great videos
