begin today with Gary cone heading for
the exit the 34th that's right
34th member of the Trump administration
calling it quits it is a huge win for
guys like Wilbur Ross and Peter Navarro
a big loss for Republicans and free
traders and of course Wall Street
doesn't like it much either and I've got
the best team all women here to break it
down today but first we get to our panel
I want to break down why exactly the
departure of trunks economic advisor is
such a big deal guys like Gary Cohen and
Rob Porter huge advocates of free trade
they were the guys arguing that America
does best when it can buy and sell
products all over the world but in this
White House their views were in direct
contradiction to Manly Commerce
Secretary will boroughs and top trade
advisor Peter Navarro who want
nationalist policies that favor US
corporations over global trade Trump has
always leaned toward the nationalist
side of things that's how I ended up
with Navarro and with Porter gone and
Cohn leaving there's no one left to
balance out the argument in the short
term here's what it means number one it
means the tariffs are one step closer to
being a done deal
that said I am hearing that senators
will take a shot at changing the
president's mind or at least narrowing
the scope
maybe carving out our allied nations of
course the American steel industry they
love the tariffs the head of US Steel
went on CNBC this morning to say they
are adding 500 new jobs right away 500
this feels like the beginning of a
renaissance for us we're finally doing
the right thing for American workers
after decades decades of unfairly traded
steel into the United States for some
American workers the broader market not
happy about the tariffs or Gary Cohn
leaving remember as the former CEO and
president of Goldman Sachs Cohen was
seen as the guy in the White House who
understood Wall Street with his
departure Wall Street they've lost their
champion and as you might imagine the
markets are reacting badly at one point
overnight futures were down over 400
points
CNBC's Morgan Brennan is live at the New
York Stock Exchange Morgan it seems like
it seems like things are creeping better
yeah so we are off those lows that we
did see overnight as you just mentioned
Stephanie it really seems like there's
two storms brewing down here we've got
all the snow coming and hitting lower
Manhattan but of course the increased
potential now for these tariffs to be
put in place and the possibility of
trade retaliation across the globe in
response to that so if you take a look
at Dow futures right now they're down
triple digits for poised to open 1%
lower when we get the opening bell at
9:30 a.m. Eastern today why is one man
moving the market right now
well because Gary cone is former Goldman
Sachs executive he's been really sort of
well-regarded by Wall Street
pro-business Pro trade policies he was a
chief architect for tax reform some of
the regulatory roll backs that we've
seen in the financial sector and he was
very much against these tariffs as
recently as yesterday he was trying to
put together a panel of executives and
major companies that would be impacted
by these tariffs before his resignation
so the fact that he is leaving is sort
of being read through here on Wall
Street as a sign that these tariffs are
that much more closer to being put in
place and of course what that's going to
mean what that's going to mean for our
allies what that's going to mean in
terms of a trade retaliation response so
you're actually seeing that play out the
hardest-hit stocks pre market
industrials names like Boeing
caterpillar General Electric United
Technologies all very exposed potential
of tariffs all right thanks Morgan so
here's the question what is the
long-term impact of one guy leaving Gary
Cohn for one it means the chances of a
full blown trade war just went up and
this could be the tip of the iceberg
remember Trump campaigned against trade
deals in general he already pulled out
of the trans-pacific partnership he has
threatened multiple times to pull out of
NAFTA if it doesn't get fixed and last
year he threatened to scrap a trade deal
with South Korea Gary Cohen was one of
the voices inside the White House that
spoke talked tough to Trump and
convinced him to back down but now the
idea of America first is once again
ascendant in the White House something
the president Trump made clear on
Tuesday the United States has been taken
advantage of by other countries both
friendly and not so friendly for many
many
decades that's not going to happen with
me it is worth noting here that Trump
said the reason these tariffs are
necessary is to protect national
security but his own national security
team disagrees this morning the
Washington Post reporting that quote
defense secretary mattis argued
internally that the tariffs did not have
a national security purpose and would be
opposed by allies the Secretary of State
Rex Tillerson was also skeptical of the
need here's a question where do we go
from here
Trump says he will be making a decision
on replacing quote quote soon and the
short list of replacements is a
fascinating one one former option 1
option former Reagan economic adviser
and TV personality Larry Kudlow he
praised the President on tax cuts but he
hates the tariffs and said they could
cause major damage to the economy OMB
director Mick Mulvaney is another option
he's someone though a very far-right guy
is a huge fan of Gary Cohen he put out a
glowing statement how sad he was about
Gary's departure last night he's made no
comment on the tariffs and then there's
Peter Navarro and let's make something
clear this guy could not get hired to
deliver the mail at goldman sachs gary
didn't want him on his team steve
minuchin didn't want him on his and so
he made his way over to Wilbur Ross who
during the campaign Peter Navarro told
me Wilbur Ross was an American Hero
and while Wilbur Ross might be a great
American investor we're gonna hold hero
in another category and Peter Navarro is
one of those guys who has been pushing
for these tariffs all along a guy who
had been calling China a currency
manipulator which as you know is
factually incorrect I want to bring in
another great woman here at NBC Kristen
Welker at the White House Kristen you
just spoke to Wilbur Ross and we do have
to note wool versed at a very mixed
reputation in the White House the
president was kind of off sides with him
because there have been quite a bit of
reporting while wolveroach always shows
up for photo opportunities he falls
asleep in meetings right he's been
somewhat of a lightning rod here staff
but as you point out he's been in the
president's corner when it comes to
imposing new tariffs now I had a chance
to speak with him a short while ago and
pressed him on an
of topics including what a Republican
leaders won House Speaker Paul Ryan
Kevin Brady saying look we oppose this
idea of slapping new tariffs on steel
and aluminum imports we think it's going
to cause a trade war but if it has to
happen there should be carve outs for
our allies like Canada and Mexico
secretary Ross leaned in to the idea
just a little bit today Steph pretty
significant take a listen to what he had
to say we are trying to do a surgical
approach the president indicated that if
we can work something out with Canada
and Mexico they will be exempted it's
not inconceivable that others could be
exempted on a similar basis so you think
it's likely Mexico and Canada will be
stuff let's talk about the optics today
you had secretary Ross who also had
Stephen minuchin out on the morning
shows really trying to calm the waters
before the markets open it is clear this
White House is bracing for a potentially
volatile day on Wall Street and they
want a pre but some of the concerns that
are going to ripple through the markets
now we did press secretary Ross on who
cones replacement will be he wouldn't
give us any names we pressed him
repeatedly if Larry Kudlow was even on
the list he wouldn't go there except to
say look they are considering a range of
very talented candidates as you pointed
out this all gets to the president
America first policy he tweeted about
that earlier today staff here's the
latest from the president he says from
Bush one to president our country has
lost more than 55,000 factories six
million manufacturing jobs and
accumulated trade deficits of more than
12 trillion dollars last year we had a
trade deficit of almost 800 billion
dollars bad policies and leadership must
win again so I anticipate we're gonna
hear a lot more of that type of
messaging from this White House
throughout the day step hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list
see lots of other great videos
