ah to me and to our national security oh
my god hold on
a Republican sounds like a Republican
now that hasn't happened in about 30
years a stark warning from the Director
of National Intelligence Stan Coates
about the security implications from
America's economic mismanagement that's
one way of putting it joining us now
member of the Foreign Relations
Committee Senator Chris Murphy of
Connecticut good to have you back on the
ship joining us so senator and Richard
Haass is so one of his one of his
previous books he talked about how
actually the national debt and our
financial miss miss miss miss fortune
was actually a national security issue
it would be a national security issue
and there you saw Dan Coates saying the
same thing how does tariffs how did
tariffs impact our key alliance is a
Club across the globe well you know
listen tariffs can be a really important
tool to try to make sure that the
countries know that they can't
manipulate our economy and listen let's
be honest that's what China has been
doing they've been dumping steal it but
below the cost of the raw material and
that hurts our own industry but when you
announce tariffs without talking to your
allies about allies that aren't dumping
that product in the United States you
set off a series of consequences that
are both economic and strategic and
that's what I worry about with respect
to this announcement you have a
potential fissure between the US and
Europe on trade now that comes at the
worst time this the Russians are rooting
for a breakup of the transatlantic
alliance and there's also a really
important question about the timing of
the announcement with respect to China
which is the primary target we're
desperately trying to get the Chinese to
agree to work with us on getting tough
on North Korea China is the key
ultimately to getting North Korea to the
negotiating table in a meaningful manner
but when you are putting this issue on
the table with them and setting off a
trade war it's a lot harder to do
something on North Korea so when you're
talking about tariffs I'm not somebody
who says you never do them just because
there might be some consequence in the
US economy
it's just how you do it how you notice
our allies and the timing of it all and
that's what right is the mess here Casey
do you by one of your colleagues was
arguing to me on this point that the
president actually created some of this
mess in the first place by the way he
talked about tariffs on the campaign
trail that some places like China were
concerned that he would actually make
this move and so they started dumping
steel into the market do you buy that
you think that's a the correct way of
looking at this well I don't think
there's anything wrong with
acknowledging that we are in a trade war
with China it's just that they are
fighting it and we by and large have not
been and so I don't mind the fact that
he talked about what is an open secret
that the Chinese use all sorts of
manipulations in order to game our trade
relationship and so yes maybe that comes
with consequences I'm more worried about
the timing of this announcement and the
inability of this president to work it
out with the other countries that are
going on staff I mean there's that as
well and then I mean is it the
legitimate question are we certain that
he's gonna stick with this yeah I don't
know who his staff is these days it
seems like the place is emptied out but
yeah a lot of what happens in the White
House is just internal games between
different constituencies and it seems as
if you know much of the White House is
just consumed with trying to figure out
which wing of the White House wins out
and it's problematic for the president
that he's going to have two different
messages coming out of the White House
he's literally going to allow for some
people to argue for the tariffs and some
people to argue against it if you're
gonna do it do it and have the whole
White House behind it which is not
what's that right now really well hi
guys hey senator it's Willie here in New
York a different topic for you today
it's three weeks since the shooting in
parkland Florida where 17 people were
killed
teenagers teachers coaches inside that
school there was a hue and cry from
Republicans and Democrats at this time
was different that they'd been inspired
by the students speaking out and calling
for change you've been of course in
longtime advocate for gun reform has
anything changed what's the status right
now of any legislation that would change
anything about our gun laws in America
so really I'm not a believer that
there's ever gonna be a tipping point in
this debate I think what we are doing is
slowly and methodically accumulating
political power for the anti-gun
violence movements such that one day
it's
to be stronger than the NRA and we're
not there yet but this is a meaningful
moment I think 2018 is going to be the
first year in which obstinance from the
Republican Party and unwillingness to do
anything is going to hurt them at the
polls especially in these suburban
districts I think President Trump kind
of gets that which is why he got so far
out in front of gun control at that
White House meeting but the Republican
Party isn't ready yet and so the
question is what do we do I worry that
we're not gonna do anything that
McConnell is so afraid of this debate is
so afraid of having a debate on assault
weapons or background checks that he's
not going to even bring a single day of
debate before the Senate if they do that
I think there'll be consequences in 2018
and that might be the fulcrum election
when Republicans finally pay a price for
doing nothing in an election that may be
what ends up getting something done I
hope we can get something done in the
next few days but listen there's clearly
no sense of urgency on the rove again
sir okay senator on that score I'd like
to ask you to pick an adjective to
describe this in action this terminal in
action even on bump stocks something is
practically a solo solo a bar for bump
stocks pick an adjective to describe the
inactivity well I mean complicit is the
word that I use it makes Republicans
complicit in this mass murder I mean
let's be honest these are copycat
killers it's not a coincidence that
every single troubled young man is using
an ar-15 they're doing it because they
see the destruction the lethality the
efficiency of the weapon and they use it
again and when they see Congress do
absolutely nothing I really do believe
that this is an unintentional but quiet
endorsement of this kind of mass murder
and so I think that the Republicans are
complicit and anybody who does nothing
are complicit if we don't actually act
and use our power as legislators to
condemn the this epic mass slaughter so
so help help me with understand this
we've talked about the NRA we've talked
about Republicans and the grip the NRA
has on them I was speaking with one of
the I think one of the most forceful
advocates for
take no prisoners approach to the Second
Amendment after Parkland and you know we
had bumped heads on this but I called
him up I said hey what do we do you and
I obviously you know I agree with him on
80% but on background checks and a
couple of other pump stocks and ar-15s
we disagree what do we do and this guy
who again one of the most forceful
advocates for most of the positions the
NRA takes said to me goes will Joe first
of all I don't I don't understand why
they don't pass something on bump stocks
the NRA supports that I don't understand
why and he talked about you because I
don't understand why they don't do what
Murphy and Cornyn they've already put
out there the nra supports that that
would be a great first step and again
this is a take-no-prisoners Second
Amendment guy who is even confused by
the Republican Senate and houses in
action so from what I understand when
the Senate Republicans caucused this
behind closed doors there was a sizeable
contingent of Republican senators who
opposed the fix Nick's act which is the
NRA endorsed measure the Senator Cornyn
and I put forward that just simply make
sure that states will report people to
the background system so I think that
there is a brook no compromise element
within the Republican Senate and a
Republican House conference that feels
as if you give an inch then you are
ultimately going to have the given line
are supporting this they could go to art
so are they state so are they I think
that's the question so is there a
difference between what the NRA is
saying publicly and what the NRA and the
gun lobby is saying too else would there
be so many politicians in Northwest
Florida and I'm afraid of the NRA which
I never was but if I were and the NRA
said we support bump stocks we support
the the Murphy Cornyn bill I would take
it and run with it
yeah and my opponents could attack me I
said wait the nra supports this what's
wrong with joining
what they're worried about is that to
bring the fix Nick's bill before the
Senate probably will require having some
amendment votes on other things that the
NRA opposes that might pass take for
instance this idea to take weapons away
from people who have had a court
determined that they are a danger to
themselves or to others the gun lobby
hates that bill but Marco Rubio Lindsey
Graham many other Republicans are
pushing it
it might get 60 votes and so it may be
that the NRA is saying fix Nick's we
like it but then behind closed doors is
saying boy if that's ultimately a
vehicle for things that we don't like to
pass right maybe we don't want I don't
know I don't know I just wonder why
there is such resistance
okay we're gonna go to break now stuff
thank you for being on you still I had
on Morning Joe
does that include include your Attorney
General Jeff Sessions or either of your
cabinet secretary Lew talk about that
president drum says he doesn't talk
about potential staff shakeups but he
does tweet about it the latest in the
ongoing saga of Attorney General Jeff
Sessions morning Jose coming right back
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
