a very short time for depending on how
you count it but now the number the
brain drain is pretty extraordinary
these people were absolutely not
qualified for their jobs but the latest
Gary cone very qualified who is leaving
his impending departure is already
shaking the market well and here a Wall
Street Journal
here's the headline there it says cone
quits after split with Donald Trump and
if you go inside and you look at the
editorial The Wall Street Journal writes
mr. Trump's increasingly self damaging
style of managing as senior officials
the tariff decision is a leadership
fiasco that cost mr. Trump a key ally it
is a loss and this presidency cannot
afford more like it you know make a lot
of people were last night were
criticizing Gary cone saying well gee he
should have left after Charlottesville
or he should have left after this or
after that Gary cone just for those that
don't remember and we were critical of
Gary cone and said he needed to speak
out after Charlottesville he did speak
out after Charlottesville and anybody
that knows how the White House works
knows that that caused him most likely
the Fed chairmanship and so he stayed in
there any thought like good people are
staying in there and fight like
secretary Madison and others but but
yeah just enough is enough we're pretty
close to two people around this circle
and I think his departure is a real sign
that even Gary Cohn who was trying to
stick it out trying to be there as a
sense of duty to try and help out could
felt he could not do anything anymore to
rein in this president now Casey
obviously a lot of Republicans on
Capitol Hill that have been very
concerned about Donald Trump concerned
about the fact that he's a lifetime
Democrat that he's a lifetime liberal
from Queens who actually discovered
birtherism discovered racism as a way to
get ahead
in in the Republican primary they're
still concerned about his economic
policies in Gary Cohen
always seem to be a person that calmed
the waters for this Queens Democrat but
no more what's the reaction gonna be on
Capitol Hill
he always was somebody who at least
behind the scenes in meetings they
understood him they understood where he
where he stood on on the issues for the
most part they were all on the same page
I mean Cohn style was one that was more
Wall Street than Washington I would say
but at the same time he was a force and
somebody they could call somebody that
they could rely on this tariff decision
it is really I think the first enormous
policy break Republicans on the hill
have felt up until now that while yes
the president was a huge problem for
them in so many ways every news cycle
was crazy they didn't really want to
keep getting asked about the tweets the
end of the day they could get him where
they needed him to be on policy he was
with them on tax reform he was with them
on a whole host of other issues even if
he said in public that he wasn't right
they could get him to come around and
they couldn't on this issue and Cohn's
resignation is I think you know
reflective of his frustration on this
issue and does not bode well that's that
really by the way I still believe this
issue is temporary I think it's about
Pennsylvania 18 the Pittsburgh special
election that obviously is drawing
Trump's attention more than anything
else and I think it'll pass in the night
just like the transgender ban eventually
but Josh the thing I've heard from
people that have worked in the White
House like you that have been in that
bunker I've always said even in the best
of times even when you have everything
running going about is a perfectly and
efficiently as a White House can it's
always World War three there's always
incoming it's always a crack there it
you're always in crisis mode there
because there are always a hundred
crises coming at you non-stop that
you've got just got to prioritize how in
the world is any White House function
with this sort of turnover with this
sort of craziness I mean any other
presidency would would
have gone on meltdown modes when stormy
Daniels filed a lawsuit important series
and manat even being glib here that's
about the sixth or seventh story that a
pornstar filed a lawsuit against Donald
Trump how do they move forward with all
of the chaos and without a personnel
team in place that's consistent yeah
well Joe I think what's clear is this
White House was not operating a
particularly high level even when they
were fully staffed now they are anything
but and you know my experience at the
White House is that I often likened it
to a treadmill that the treadmill was
always turning there are some days where
as moving fast in days whereas moving
slow some days where is cranked up on an
incline but it's always moving and you
have to have a large capacity of people
who are there to deal with all the
incoming but also to deal with the
things that you haven't planned and I
think that as somebody who worked in the
White House has me most deeply concerned
is that what are you gonna do if there
is an unexpected event whether it is a
some sort of global national security
threat maybe there is something else
that has a significant impact on the
markets and I do think that the downturn
that we're seeing in the markets after
the announcement of mr. Cohen's
departure is a sign of no confidence
from the markets in president Trump's
ability to make this kind of event
leaving the inner circle and a state
department that is not staffed to say
the least
on this yet another chaotic news morning
here in Washington DC as you can see we
have Josh earnest and Casey hunt also
with us wheeler guys of course up in New
York along with Willie editor of
commentary magazine columnist at the New
York Post and contributing editor at the
Weekly Standard John Pedersen former
Treasury official and Morning Joe
economic analyst Steve Rattner a good
morning to have Steve on it is a great
morning before though we get to any of
that and Gary Cohen we we brought John
Fedor's on to talk about an issue even
more pressing yes something that has
tortured it be stormy tortured him over
the past few days suggesting that
Western civilization
will not survive but if it does survive
it does not deserve to survive because
of the way they treated a young woman on
The Bachelor a few nights ago my gosh
this this was this junk for you you can
take stormy Daniels you can you can take
the cone resignation and you can take
Hitler's invasion of France put those
all together and none none really
challenged Western civilization's
foundations more than what happened on
The Bachelor you want to explain so I
happened to watch these supposedly final
episode of The Bachelor I guess Monday
night due to my wife's control of the
remote always claiming your wife I so I
really was not expecting to watch this
so that the quick story isn't about you
now he's apologizing for watching saying
he watches everything for watching The
Bachelor because of what happened so he
comes down to two women tells what he
loves her but he's gonna pick the other
one and she cries in the limousine going
home then he picks the other one
there's the blonde and the brunette so
he picks the brunette and then they he
proposes to her he gets down one knee
and then it goes to the host Chris
Harrison who says but this is not the
end of the story so then the bachelor
says he can't stop thinking about the
blonde oh my the brunette comes to spend
a weekend with him in some house they
rented for them right in Los Angeles and
he sits her down and then they say this
is the most dramatic thing in bachelor
history we're gonna show you unedited
what happened so they had a camera on
him a camera on her and he says to her
I'm breaking up with you I'm breaking up
with you I have feelings for the other
one and for 20 minutes America watched
Becca the
oh my god you know cry and cry and feel
humiliated and and cry and say go away
and that he wouldn't go away huh and I
think you're needin go away because
someone was gonna bring in his earpiece
ten thousand dollars a minute hey Alex
can finish this story then just go to
black that it was 15 minutes of prime
time of the humiliation of an individual
person who was sandbagged by the show
yeah humiliated crushed believable
embarrass and he just left us run those
kids aren't gonna make it and the
bachelor I'm shocked
and shocked that yeah there was
something different about this I think
everybody who watched it thought there
was something qualitatively different
about because they hadn't handed her a
script they weren't whispering you know
you're the best man I've ever met that
wanted it you know in her ear so that
she that he spouts it out so they
sandbagged her in order to have us watch
her well degraded on television or
anything
you know Willie that's an awful lot like
the way the president treated Gary count
it reports that Peter Navarro was
standing outside letting Trumbull catch
his eye how's that for a segue yeah
catch his eye he'd listen trumpet always
listened to cone but Navarro was always
out there just hovering behind man who I
think also played dusty on the Royal
Tenenbaums eventually one out if this
wasn't so serious I'd be laughing when I
but by the way it really was degrading
everything they saw on the The Bachelor
it was like The Truman Show they
deliberately humiliated and degraded
this woman it was awful but again making
the segue back to the Trump White House
it really it really is unbelievable out
Trump Willie plays
his staff members off of each other he
let I think Anthony scare Moochie go out
humiliate his chief of staff and and so
it's again it's it's just absolute chaos
and it's meant for a reality show but
somebody needs to tell this president
that actually the the livelihood of
working-class Americans depends on his
policies and he's pushing a policy that
feels good but it's gonna end up making
working-class Americans pay more for
just about everything they buy yeah you
know Donald Trump always actually speaks
the thought-bubble he says the thing out
loud that you're supposed to maybe keep
in your head at that joint news
conference with the Swedish Prime
Minister yesterday he was talking about
his staffing this is before Gary cone
left he said I like the conflict I like
hitting two people against each other
watching them fight and then I make a
decision off that it appears here Steve
Rattner that the Nationalists won over
the quote globalist and Gary Cohen I
mean you had John and I were talking
about this the director of the Office of
Management budget Mick Mulvaney saying
in his statement saying it was a well
wish a send-off for Gary Cohen but he
said as a founder of the freedom caucus
in a conservative I never thought I
could get along with the globalists but
Gary Cohen was ok with me he won the
fight Gary Cohen on tax the tax bill he
got what he wanted there but on tariffs
he lost the argument at least so far
yeah that is certainly what happened you
have had this contingent called the
globalists and the contingent called the
Nationalists and Gary Cohn stood for
very classic Republican economics a free
trade recognizing that while free trade
isn't perfect and what we've made a lot
of mistakes in terms of how we've taken
care of the losses from free trade on
balance the country has done much better
from free trade and and you know and he
allowed what you call the butler and the
royal Tenenbaum Peter Navarro who is not
a well-regarded economist to kind of
sneak around get into the Oval Office
get sort of Trump see or get the last
word in and you have this this circus
where they brought in the steel
executives Trump you know had this
meeting and then on the way out the
reporters asked and what are you going
to do and kind of announced this policy
like
scrum on the way out of a meeting when
there was no policy it hadn't been
through the Office of Legal Counsel it
hadn't been fully vetted and Gary Cohen
is a process guy and I think at some
point he said to himself what do I need
this for
well Gary Cohen was a big player in the
White House he was considered for chief
of staff job a couple of times President
Trump tweeted about this and he said
this will be making a decision soon on
the appointment of a new chief economic
adviser many people wanting the job will
choose wisely as we discussed yesterday
on the show Joe I'm not sure a lot of
people want the job I'm not sure anybody
really wants to walk into that White
House today thinking about potentially
facing you know tens of thousands
hundreds of thousands of dollars in
legal field the fees depending on what
they get embroiled in I think this is a
very different White House and quoting a
friend I was talking to last night this
past year might be its best year which
is frightening Jon Fodor it's from The
Bachelor to reality what do you think
this latest loss this latest departure
when you look at the long list of people
who have left this White House in one
way or another over the past year it's
mind-numbing and now Gary Cohn is out
what do you make of this what does this
tell us about what is happening well so
you have two different things going on
right you have a bunch of these people
who were fired because they were too
amateurish even for the amateur-hour
that is this White House and then you
have a couple of people who are leaving
under their own steam
either maybe like hope Hicks be cut
precisely because of the legal and
financial jeopardy in which they've been
placed and the notion that maybe they
need to get out before it gets worse
or Gary Cohn this Gary Cohn is a
relatively classic and conventional
departure let's say that there was a
father as a policy dispute and he's
basically said to the president from
what we understand I cannot back you on
this you can't expect me to like go on a
Sunday show and back a 25% tariff on
steel I can't do it I don't believe in
it I've been fighting against it for a
year
so you know you have this kind of like
trying to clean the decks or deal with
the chaos there this is something more
substantial and worse I would say that
you know Seb Gorka leaving or Omarosa
leaving because you really have here a
hinge moment in which the president
United States has decided to undertake a
major economic global macroeconomic
shift and the person in his ambit orbit
who is the best suited to helping him
make this decision has said this is a
catastrophe you cannot do it and he's
like I've been doing it anyway for 30
years I said I wanted tariffs so I'm
gonna put tariffs on and Cohn said I got
a wok you know in some ways people have
said for decades one of the problems in
the United States is that people in
positions of power often don't walk when
their position is overturned by somebody
else or and and so I think this is a
good thing in the sense that there will
now be Gary Cohen on the outside who can
maybe explain to us what is going on
after he was in the precincts of power
and explain why it's so bad well it was
sort of a good thing but I think on
balance it's a bad thing because I think
Gary Cohn probably won't explain to us
what was going on in the precincts of
power I think Barry Caracara Cohen is
gonna be pretty loyal and low-key and
what you lose is an enormous Lee I don't
agree with Gary Cohn about a lot of
things the tax bill deregulation
whatever certainly I do on trade but
he's a solid guy
who knew what he was doing and and to
have him gone and and the question of
who's gonna go and take that job
notwithstanding from saying everybody
wants to work in the White House whether
you gonna get somebody Gary cones
caliber I think is high are you gonna
get anyone yeah Josh earnest we were
talking about this a little bit
yesterday that it's gonna be difficult
to recruit people into this White House
having watched not only the way it
operates but the legal jeopardy a lot of
the people who enter the White House
come under and the lawyers that they
have to hire eventually what happens
next here with with this White House
what kind of person would step into the
fray here well Willie I think the thing
that's one was challenging about this
somebody
and touched on this that the ericone is
a process guy the reason that that's
important and the reason I think anybody
would be reluctant to take this job is
that Gary departure Gary cones departure
makes it clear that he didn't have much
of an opportunity even though he was the
president's National Economic Council
director to influence this element of
significant economic policy this is an
announcement that President Trump made
without a process he announced it in a
in a press spray right and it meant that
it was it's not just that Gary cone
disagreed with the decision it said he
didn't have an opportunity to influence
it right and that's why I think if
you're a serious person who wants to
advise the president nighted states why
would you assume a role where it's clear
that you can't offer him advice that
he'll even consider whether whether or
not he takes it is that even in some
ways there's a different question I can
tell you from my experience in the White
House that people like Larry Summers and
Gene Sperling and Jeff Zients who held
that job didn't agree a hundred percent
with everything that President Obama
concluded but I can tell you that
President Obama carefully considered the
advice that he was getting from those
experts before he made it a substantial
announcement and it worse the disruption
also again Cayce causes real problems on
the hill you've actually heard heard
talk of maybe Kevin McCarthy becoming
the president's chief of staff for other
people going into the White House it's
it's got to be plainly obvious by now
that even if you're one of the best
economic minds in the world the
president is good he's not gonna listen
to you right he's gonna scratch whatever
itch he has at the particular moment and
he's had this this Herbert Hoover like
obsession on trade wars and tariffs
since the 1980s so why would Kevin
McCarthy why would anybody on the hill
decide hey I'd love to go work for
Donald Trump I think that theory is
still hey give me a shot to influence it
from the inside give me you know maybe I
can convince him to do something
differently that's the only thing that I
can conceive of sitting here they're
still a few dollars in fees I can make
the bachelor I'm the one the bachelors
give the rose to me Lina thought she was
the one look what happened to her yeah I
know we're all the brunette these days
with this president aren't we yes and by
the way the chaos doesn't end there the
president's still talking about wanting
to get rid of other people in his
administration somebody asked what do
you mean the Attorney General and he
wouldn't respond to that either
I think that there is still a sense that
there among among those who are dealing
with this president you know leaders on
the hill whether it be McCarthy Paul
Ryan others that they are doing a lot
that we don't see to manage this
president and that they believe it would
be worse if they didn't at least make
those attempts now you know we can
reasonable people can argue about
whether they should be doing more or
like saying more out front but I think
things'll applies to the question of why
would a Kevin McCarthy or Mark Meadows
want to go on the inside I think it's a
little easier to explain in the case of
Mark Meadows for example I mean power is
an aphrodisiac for these coming this
kind of power still at thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
