tonight's development something you
didn't hear a lot of during the Obama
years a porn star is suing the president
let me correct that in the history of
the Republic we have not heard of a porn
star suing the president and we now also
learned the president has an alias
apparently in the court documents
David Dennison neikei a Donald Trump
according to these court documents
stormy which of course is an alias in
itself also seems to have a pen name I
really Peggy something yeah yes it is it
is a remarkable plot twist here for
season two of the Trump White House to
have this porn star here it is another
it is a scandal that would bring any
other administration debt down I mean
that would be all-consuming all the time
and it seems like this is this is a
story that's been sort of percolating
you know every so Lively a couple of
days is development but it always seems
to run second third fiddle because
there's just so much else going on
particularly Russia but this is becoming
more and more serious
you know if whereas was campaign money
used inappropriately you know what
exactly did Michael Cohen set up to try
to keep her quiet what did the president
know these are these are issues that you
know as this story seems to be coming
forward as we moves forward perhaps now
in court we will perhaps get to the
bottom of some of these questions
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
