you may remember this after a strong
backlash late last year the White House
changed course and decided to keep an
Obama era policy which banned the import
of elephants and lions killed for sport
in parts of Africa at the time of this
decision Trump went on Twitter calling
the practice a horror show the change of
policy was seen as a win by humane
organizations and as something of a
surprise given that the two Trump sons
are big-game hunters when asked by Piers
Morgan just over a month ago the
president in fact stood strong on his
administration's decision to enforce
this original policy I changed it I
didn't want elephants killed and stuffed
and have the tusks brought back into
this and people can talk all they want
about preservation and all of the things
that they're saying where money goes
toward well money was going to that case
going to a government was which was
probably taking the money okay I do not
I turned that order around you know that
was an order that was done by ever a
high-level government person as soon as
I heard about it I turned it around that
same day not even a day went by that was
then and now the strangest thing has
happened just days ago it was quietly
announced by the US Fish and Wildlife
Service that Americans will once again
be allowed to hunt and bring home the
threatened species on a case-by-case
basis with us tonight to talk about it
Jeff Corwin wildlife biologist
conservationist and Emmy award-winning
TV host of ocean treks Jeff what do you
think has happened here and what do you
think would constitute a case that you
would be allowed to ship the parts of an
elephant to JFK after your trip to
Africa well Bryan to be honest with you
this decision is sad it's deplorable
it's depressing but it's not surprising
this is an administration that does not
always stand by its word that waffles
so the fact that he's reversed course in
this it's not surprising but it's very
depressing in Africa today there are
only six remaining countries out of the
54 African nations that allow big-game
hunting and the two countries that have
been highlighted in this debacle are
Zimbabwe and Zambia the population of
elephants and Zambia Bryan has been
reduced from two hundred thousand
animals just about 40 years ago to only
20,000 today and in the country of
Zimbabwe whose former dictator got
pushed out in a coup on his 90th
birthday it was celebrated not with
birthday cake but with a feast delicacy
of roasted baby elephant so where that
evidence is that these countries have
reached a state of stability and good
environmental stewardship to open a big
game trophy exports I have no idea in
the benefit of the doubt Department
can't we decide that government is a big
sprawling place and let's say the
president didn't know about the original
policy flip he changed it it take him at
his word the next day let's say that
this is a an inside play by somebody at
the Interior Department and the Trump
White House is just now learning of this
is that possible in this situation
reality seems like fantasy the this
policy which was put in place by the
Obama administration in 2014 was based
on sound science and was based on the
twenty billion dollar a year black
market wildlife trade now as we all know
Donald Trump's son Donald Trump jr. and
his brother are big African game hunters
there's the picture out there of Donald
Trump jr. in this hemingway-esque
uniform with the high caliber bullets in
the five o'clock shadow and the bowie
knife in the
dispatched elephant ale in his hand the
president's son Donald Trump jr.
personally vetted the position for the
Director of Interior which is
Secretary's inky and Secretary's inky
apparently has acquiesced to this
interest and it's quite mind-boggling
the US Fish and Wildlife Service has an
excellent reputation is made up of
incredible professionals dedicated to
conservation as of now it does not have
an executive director so who knows where
the logic is behind this decision but
what we do know Brian is that the
population of African elephants and just
under a century has decreased from 10
million animals to just 400,000 talking
about African lions that population a
century ago four hundred thousand
animals today 20 thousand a decreased by
a hundred and eighty percent the
northern white rhino one surviving adult
male it's critically sick two surviving
females that species is literally on
life support and it's very important
Brian that we separate the distinction
between the American hunting model where
a significant amount of rep revenue goes
into conservation with great partners
like Ducks Unlimited like Rocky Mountain
Elk Foundation and what's happening in
Africa hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
