Kairos gave the president the unilateral
power to increase tariffs only in
defense of national security that is the
theory by which President Trump plans to
put a 25% tariff on imported steel in
the 10% tariff on imported aluminum
aluminum but tonight the Washington Post
is reporting defense secretary Jim
Madison Secretary of State Rex Tillerson
privately warned senior trade officials
on Tuesday the president Trump's
proposed tariffs on steel and aluminum
could endanger the US national security
relationship with allies according to
five people familiar with the meeting so
much for the Trump national security
justification for unilaterally raising
those tariffs Trump's action is actually
threatening national security according
to his own secretary of defense a
congress that is alert to trying to deal
with an out-of-control presidents could
quickly remedy this situation if the
Republican leadership went into
high-speed legislative mode and simply
removed the president's authority to do
this they would have to do it by a
two-thirds vote in the house in the
Senate in order to override the expected
presidential veto but they're not even
trying to do that because of course the
Republican leadership is afraid of
Donald Trump the Washington Post reports
that Paul Ryan has told Republican
members in a closed-door meeting not to
bully Trump on the decision he said it
could backfire and make things even
worse Bloomberg Bloomberg reports that
during an oval office meeting today on
trade policy President Trump asked for
an update on the legal paperwork that
will make the tariffs official and
discussed the timing of the signing of
the tariffs Porter he then sought
confirmation that everyone and
especially Gary Cohn was willing to
stand behind him according to one source
with knowledge of the exchange Trump
specifically asked Kohn were all on the
same team right he then asked if Kohn
was going to support the President on
the issue Kohn didn't answer the people
said just hours later the White House
announced Kohn was gone according to
Politico during an oval office meeting
earlier this year Gary Cohen told Trump
that the tariffs will cost more debt
jobs than they would
and presented evidence that president
george w bush's 2002 steel tariffs
failed to achieve their goal the
president rejected cons arguments the
president told people present at the
meeting that he was deeply skeptical of
economists adding that anybody can find
an economist to echo their worldview
according to two people familiar with
the deliberations once again today the
president offered the childish view that
there is a form of war that only hurts
one side in that war you know when we're
behind on every single country trade
wars aren't so bad do you understand
what i mean by that when we're down by
30 billion 40 billion 60 billion a
hundred billion the trade war hurts them
doesn't hurt us it's called a trade war
not a trade massacre it's called a trade
war because it inflicts casualties and
grievous losses on both sides in a brief
press conference today with the prime
minister of sweden Donald Trump showed
no awareness whatsoever that because
Sweden is part of the European Union we
do not actually have a trading
relationship directly with Sweden
because all trade agreements with Sweden
are governed by the European Union as
far as our relationship with Sweden it's
going to be only stronger only better
both in a military sense in a trading
sense and economic sense that would be
like the European Union pretending that
they have a trading relationship with
Rhode Island that is fantastic but they
have a terrible trading relationship
with the United States of America
joining us now Robert rice who was the
labor secretary under President Clinton
he's currently a professor of public
policy at the University of California
at Berkeley his new book is the common
good also with us Jennifer Rubin a
conservative opinion writer at the
Washington Post and an MSNBC contributor
and professor writes it seems the
president has fallen into the the belief
that there is a kind of war in which the
damage only hurts one side that Lawrence
this is the fallacy of zero-sum thinking
that pervades
Donald Trump's brain and much of the
White House the idea that international
relations are a matter of either they
win or we win and there is no win-win
possibility
this is dangerous thinking it's
dangerous thinking in terms of foreign
policy with regard to military policy
it's extremely dangerous with regard to
trade policy because that's not how the
world actually works Jennifer we have
Paul Ryan telling his Republican members
who by the way have the constitutional
authority to prevent the president from
doing this if they act quickly Paul Ryan
telling his Republican members Oh be
quiet about this be muted in what you
say about it don't bully Donald Trump
because that will just make things worse
oh my Paul Ryan being spineless isn't
that a surprise no it's not a surprise
they have never stood up to him and of
course Bob is exactly right this is what
Trump has done he's meant Bob and I
agree on economics but he's absolutely
right you know the way Trump talks he
has no idea what he's talking about when
he says we're behind or we have lost
billions of dollars what is he talking
about
this is not a budget deficit this is
just the difference between inputs and
outputs and by the way those dollars
that we send overseas turn around and
come back into the United States in the
form of investment and many Americans
now are employed by foreign companies
that have set up businesses plants in
the United States so it's a complete
lack of understanding and I am told by
people who know that this has been
explained to him again and again and he
just doesn't want to deal with reality
so he makes up this very bizarre a kind
of mano-a-mano analysis of economics
which is completely wrong and by the way
Gary Cohen exactly right recent study by
a independent trade economist group
suggests that about 146 thousand jobs on
net will be lost because of this and
professor rice it's a very common notion
that Donald Trump has it's common among
people who've never studied economics
and don't really know much about it that
you can find an economist
trained economist to say anything about
any issue what that ignores if it's
possible is that there is a consensus
there is an overwhelming consensus on
certain subjects as there is say with
climate scientists on the subject of
climate change on this subject there is
an overwhelming consensus in the
economics profession of what happens if
you start a trade war there's an
overwhelming consensus Loren's based on
history we know for example that in 1930
Congress through the smoot-hawley Tariff
started a trade war that made the Great
Depression worse as daniel patrick
moynihan
a professor and senator late senators
said and he said repeatedly everybody's
entitled to their own opinion but not
their own facts and the fact that you
have here in economic consensus the
trade is essentially good now the rules
of the game with trade there is some
contention as to exactly whether a trade
treaty ought to have this much of labor
protection or this much environmental
protection within it we can dispute the
details but the overall reality the
trade is basically a positive sum game
is almost undisputed around the world
and among economists and here's the
here's the thing that really worries me
and I think it should worry a lot of
people if we have somebody in the White
House a President of the United States
who is also commander-in-chief who is
that
illiterate s' that ignorance about
fundamentals that is basically science I
mean we're talking about just reality
history and reality then what are we to
do I mean if nobody's gonna stand up to
him if even people in his own party
Republicans who have responsibility to
the public are not willing to say this
is wrong
stop it change the rules we are going to
take authority back from you if that's
not going to be the rationale among
Republicans it's it's as if we had a Mad
King and all his courtiers and all the
ministers around him refuse to stand up
to him because he was a Mad King I mean
that just makes things worse and
Jennifer we have defense secretary
mattis who seems to be making the right
argument here but is he making it to the
right
people he's making the argument to the
Trump administration trade officials
there's no reporting that he's making
that argument about national security
directly to the president we don't know
and he may have in Trump may have
ignored him in this case but it's
absolutely the case that trade is
inextricably bound up with national
security that's why you have for example
had seven or eight former secretaries of
defense who are in favor of TPP which
was also shelved this is not the time
where we want to have economic warfare
with our neighbors and by the way the
number one source of our steal from
foreign sources is Canada so unless
Canada has suddenly become an enemy of
the United States and it may be under
this president he's capable of this sort
of thing there is no national security
threat if Canada is not going to go to
war with the United States and withhold
steal from us so the whole thing is
preposterous and if listen if you wanted
to say China is doing X Y & Z there's
evidence that they are dumping in this
this in this regard you can actually
have an intelligent conversation but
with Trump that's impossible he takes
everything to a level of lunacy and non
fact that it makes this kind of
conversation impossible and even the
steelworkers union says this tariff
should absolutely not be applied to
Canada professor robert rice thank you
very much for joining us really
appreciate it
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
