thanks to you at home for joining us
this hour happy Tuesday
just had to throw another show out the
window tonight
I shouldn't even the thing is I need to
change myself I need to change my own
expectations we made it as far as dinner
time tonight with an actual show that we
worked on all day and like planned and
produced and the whole thing and I was
like oh we're done I'm gonna have to
revise my expectations I thought we were
gonna have a normal night that was my
mistake now this is the new normal
it's fine we can do it all there's all
sorts of different types of breaking
news today and into tonight there are of
course elections tonight
very interesting elections tonight in
Texas a particularly interesting special
election in Oklahoma and a few other
states who are watching returns coming
in right now into the wee hours tonight
looking for upsets and other interesting
results in those local elections
especially ones that may have national
implications also today in West Virginia
the teacher strike there came to a very
dramatic ending a triumphant ending for
these teachers who have just had this
remarkable labor action in that state
over the course of nine days we're gonna
be getting to that story as well this
hour but you know you never know what
you're gonna be able to leave with
because other stuff just keeps coming up
you and me we are we are Lucy and Ethel
we're working at a Chocolate Factory and
that conveyor belt just keeps speeding
up and that's what it's like this is our
lives now but we can handle it we can do
it all let me start here Saturday
morning
this past Saturday morning at 7 a.m.
East Coast time NBC News published a
truly weird news story and that was
about the Trump Whitehouse story came
out very early Saturday morning but it
was about an announcement to that
President Trump had made at the White
House two days earlier on Thursday of
last week you definitely heard about
this announcement from the president you
heard that he said this you heard that
he announced that we're going to be new
big tariffs on steel and aluminum but
did you actually see the way he
announced it there was something a
little weird about how he actually
rolled out the details of this very big
very important very dramatic change in
policy that this is how he actually
announced it watch
so we'll probably see you sometime next
week we'll be signing it in and you will
have protection for the first time in a
long while and you've got to regrow your
industries that's all I'm asking you
have to regrow your industries mr.
secretary thank you very much for being
here we appreciate it mr. secretary
thank you very much and we'll see you
next week thank you everybody thank you
very much it'll be 25% to steal it'll be
10% for aluminum it'll be for a long
time it's being written now yeah yeah
first deal so a 10-4 aluminum so the
president held this big event with all
these businesspeople
he kept saying during the event as if he
had previously announced that there were
going to be these new tariffs on steel
and aluminum but it wasn't actually
until he was saying goodbye to everybody
until he was declaring the event over
saying he would see people next week
that a reporter finally got him to spit
out what these tariffs were going to be
and it turns out they were very round
numbers 25% on steel and 10% on aluminum
he answered the reporters show did
questions after he had declared the
event over that's how the president
rolled out these numbers for the big
tariffs kind of as an afterthought
something that didn't turn up in his
prepared remarks and you know kind of
seemed like maybe he didn't even have
prepared remarks right that was on
Thursday it took a couple of days to
report out but by Saturday morning
Stephanie ruhle in Peter Alexander at
NBC News were able
to report what had actually led up to
that strange announcement in the White
House quote according to two officials
Trump's decision to launch a potential
trade war was born out of anger at other
simmering issues in the words of one
official familiar with the president's
State of Mind quote on Wednesday evening
the president became unglued unglued is
a quote Trump was angry two officials
said he was angry and gunning for a
fight and he chose a trade war by
midnight Wednesday which was less than
12 hours before the president made this
announcement quote no one on the
president's team had prepared any
position paper for the announcement the
White House counsel's office had advised
they were as much as two weeks away from
being able to complete a legal review of
the matter when the president showed up
at that meeting where he made that
announcement quote there was no
diplomatic strategy for how to alert
foreign trade partners there was no
legislative strategy for informing
Congress there was no communications
plan for how to announce the new policy
let alone explain or defend what the
president was going to announce that day
they hadn't told the State Department
they were going to do this they had not
told the Defense Department they were
going to do this and they had not told
the Treasury Department they were going
to do this and the Washington Post
further reports tonight but that wasn't
just a matter of bad manners are not
following protocol the Post reporting
tonight that defense secretary James
mattis and Secretary of State Rex
Tillerson started warning senior trade
officials today that there are national
security consequences to what Trump just
announced they have stored it started
warning trade officials today that these
tariffs Trump just announced quote could
endanger US national security
relationships with allies and just to
put the icing on the cake and just to
explain that weird tape we just showed
it turns out there were actually no
prepared remarks for the president to
give at that meeting so on Thursday he's
apparently been mad and steaming all
night and he wants to announce something
he's sitting there at this meeting he
announces a huge economic policy that
has big implications for regular
Americans and jobs and relationships
with all of our allies apparently as
national security
locations it's this incredibly
controversial deeply consequential thing
and the the president apparently just
winged it no prep no policy no notes
nothing written for him and it seems not
impossible that he had no numbers in
mind for this policy until he declared
the event over and a reporter shouted
out
hey sir what are the numbers and he you
know looks off into the distance and
grasps those two nice round numbers
he had 25% for steel 10-4 aluminum it's
almost like he was saying is that sound
good that good the president said at
that bonkers announcement last week
after as reporters are being ushered out
of the room he said it's being written
this thing that he had just announced
with no notes no policy no legal review
no communications plan nothing there's
still no signs that this thing is being
written apart from the fact that today
that announcement from the president
resulted in yet another very senior
departure from the White House staff the
director of the White House National
Economic Council so the the main
economic advisor to the president former
Goldman Sachs executive Gary Cohn
announced tonight that he is quitting
which means I now have to turn around
and face a different camera so you can
see me in front of a different wall so
I'm really smooth with that RNAi so I
can update the departure board for it's
turning out to be a White House and a
presidential administration absolutely
unlike any other in terms of its ability
to fire lose and repeal top staff I mean
this president has only been in office a
little more than a year and he's lost
Secretary of Health and Human Services
White House chief of staff deputy White
House chief of staff another deputy
White House chief of staff yet another
deputy White House chief of staff senior
adviser to the White House chief of
staff a National Security Advisor and
that was Mike Flynn deputy national
security adviser another deputy national
security adviser on the National
Security Council he's lost the
intelligence director there and the
middle-east director there and the
director of strategic planning there and
the deputy chief of staff
he lost his chief white house strategist
that was Steve Bannon he lost that other
White House strategist where we don't
really know what his job was but he
basically
one on TV a lot sebastian Gorka i think
was his name they lost the director of
public liaison for the White House the
communications director for the office
of public liaison the FBI director James
Comey Deputy Director of the FBI chief
of staff of the FBI the special adviser
to the Reg to the President on
regulatory reform Carl Icahn more on him
in a moment he's lost the director of
Office of government ethics the
counselor to the Treasury secretary the
director of the National Security Agency
the deputy director of the National
Security Agency the deputy director of
the Domestic Policy Council and the vice
president staff it has been amazing the
vice president's chief of staff the vice
president's wife's chief of staff the
vice president's press secretary chief
counsel and chief policy advisor the
head of the CDC has left White House
staff secretary the White House
speechwriter Acting Administrator of the
Federal Railroad Administration the
associate attorney general Rachel Brand
press secretary assistant press
secretary the White House director of
Rapid Response communications director
another communications director another
communications director assistant
communications director the Deputy
Secretary of Homeland Security the
Special Representative for North Korea
policy the top person on Korea policy in
the State Department for the past 30
years bye-bye assistant to the president
in the Office of American innovation
that was Jared and Ivanka's friend he
just left around the same time that the
president lost hope Hicks senior adviser
to the defense secretary u.s. Ambassador
to Mexico that was just a couple days
ago deputy director of the National
Economic Council is somebody who we lost
a while back but now he's lost the
director of the National Economic
Council the White House chief economic
advisor Gary Cohn we're gonna have to
like start broadcasting in at octagon so
I can just like keep turning to
different walls Gary Cohn yeah but they
haven't been there fella Gary Cohn may
be just the latest senior White House
person to leave it may also though have
more ramifications than most departures
you may remember in August the president
made some inexplicably positive comments
about neo-nazi protesters who in fact
had just killed someone in
Charlottesville Virginia Gary Cohn
criticized the spread of the president's
remarks after Charlottesville and there
were signs at the time that he
be considering resigning from the white
house just the prospect that Gary cone
might resign from the White House in
August led to a big plunge in the
markets that day even though Gary cone
didn't ultimately leave well tonight
Gary cones actual resignation was
reported by the New York Times after the
markets had closed after the markets
closed though people can still trade in
basically what amounts to bets on how
the market will open in the morning and
after the news broke of Gary cones
resignation tonight that trading showed
the markets going off cliff
so Gary cones resignation tonight you
can you can see it tonight as just the
latest in an incredibly chaotic and
unstable White House and presidential
administration unlike we have ever seen
before
but the Gary cone resignation also feels
like it's a little bit part of a cluster
double entendre intended because in a
period of about three weeks and we've
had the resignation of a lot of people
very close to the president the staff
secretary who was very close to the
president who resigned amid lurid
domestic violence allegations we've also
had the resignation of Hope Hicks who is
this White House staffer considered
personally closest to the president and
now we've got Gary Cohen who was also
reportedly close to the president had
reportedly be consent been considered as
the next White House chief of staff
we've also just had this other reporting
several days ago from NBC citing five
sources saying that the National
Security Adviser
HR McMaster is on his way out the door
as well when Nicole Wallace broke that
story for MSNBC a national security
veteran named Colin call who had been
national security adviser to Vice
President Biden he responded to that
news from Nicole by saying quote if John
Bolton replaces HR McMaster we are all
going to die well tonight John Bolton
was seen visiting the White House and I
didn't call Colin call for comment but I
probably should have Nicole Wallace's
report that McMasters on his way out had
five sources and nobody has contradicted
it yet John Bolton seen at the White
House today maybe that's what's next
we're gonna have more hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
