joining us now the mayor of Tallahassee
Florida Andrew Gilliam he's the
Democratic nominee for governor in the
state of Florida mr. mayor good to see
you thanks for being with us good to be
here thank you all so much for having me
first and most important question you're
the mayor of Tallahassee what's going on
with the Seminoles sir come on man
look we got some growing to take place
but being born in Miami finishing high
school in Gainesville Florida and now
being mayor of Tallahassee I got
statewide team let me say you've covered
all your bases so let's talk about
what's happening on the ground in the
state of Florida you shocked a lot of
people across the country he became a
prominent figure in the Democratic Party
immediately when you won the primary
there you've been ahead in every poll
since that day one had you up by nine
points the most recent one shows some
tightening at about a one-point lead for
you a margin of error race really in
that state against the Republican Ron
DeSantis what's the number one issue
people ask you about when you go out
shaking hands every day yeah and you
know what we've been all over the state
of Florida I was just in palaka Joe
would know this area well pretty great
area of our state and consistently we're
hearing people concerned about health
care we're a state that did not expand
Medicaid for over 800,000 of the most
medically needy people in our state we
could have rolled down six billion
dollars from the federal government last
year alone had we expanded Medicaid
expanded access not just helping those
without insurance but also bringing
further cost control for those of us
with insurance my opponent mr. DeSantis
has said that people get get access to
health care because they can always go
to an emergency room he's voted in
Congress repeatedly obviously to repeal
the Affordable Care Act and is in favor
of allowing insurance companies to
discriminate against people based off of
pre-existing conditions for folks who
have cancer which my grandmother just
passed from cervical cancer just earlier
this week folks with thank you for that
but but the truth is that many of the
people in our state live with
pre-existing conditions every single day
and the fact that you would have sitting
you know a member of Congress now former
member talked about the fact that
insurance company should be able to
discriminate it again to me is out of
step with the lived experiences of
Floridians and only
further causes people to be stressed out
over an illness you know as you talked
about taking care of people in medicine
you've proposed Medicare for all
obviously as a governor you wouldn't
have a say in that that's a federal
proposition by some estimates that would
cost thirty trillion dollars over a
decade the estimates say if you doubled
federal income tax and doubled federal
corporate tax you still wouldn't cover
that cost what do you say to the people
of Florida if there were Medicare for
all that their taxes would go through
the roof yeah well first off my
endorsement of Medicare for all is at
the federal level and there been
conservative reports that have shown
that the system over a course of a
decade could save as much as three
trillion dollars if we went that
direction while also covering more
people but as my job as the governor of
the state of Florida it will be to close
the uninsurance gap that exists in our
state right now one in five people don't
have access to health care and when I
talk about it I won't folks to
understand it is not some abstract
thought for me as a kid growing up in
Miami I remember having to wait for the
free dental clinic that come through the
neighborhood in order to have our teeth
cleaned there are people who are
literally terrified of getting sick
because if they get sick they can't go
to work if they don't go to work they
can't earn a wage if they don't bring
home a paycheck they can't pay their
bills and so we've got to reduce that
level and anxiety but also pressure
economically on the system that health
care is the most ballooning part of the
state of Florida budget if we don't fix
it I have serious problems yeah so mr.
mr. mayor how do you make that argument
to people from my part of the state
northern Florida from you know Pensacola
through Panama City over to Tallahassee
in Jacksonville there are a lot of
people that voted for Donald Trump in
2016 because they believed they were
going to get better health care they
were gonna they were going to get
cheaper health care I mean he promised
it yeah how do you how do you explain to
those voters who may reflexively want to
support Donald Trump that actually
what's happened over the past two years
actually makes their prospects for
having good affordable health care for
themselves and their children even more
of a distant reality yeah
and Joe you know this well because this
impacts our part of the state I'm in
Tallahassee campaigned heavily over and
you're part of this state during the
primary and one year home County in the
primary election and the truth is is
that those are the areas that are
disproportionately impacted by the cost
of health care the absence of having
that health care what we've got to do
and what I've got to do as the
Democratic nominee for governor and what
I would have hope would have done in the
past is that we got to go to those
communities and talk to folks we got to
let them know that we hear them that we
see them that we have a plan to do
something about what their lived
experiences are nobody in our state
ought to be terrified of getting sick
fear for being one illness away from
bankruptcy and in that part of the state
as well as all across the state of
Florida people literally are terrified
about not having access to health care
what I'm going to do and what we have
done as we've traveled to parts of the
state that have not seen a democratic
nominee before we were in palaka we were
in Palm Coast the other day I went down
to Sarasota just yesterday and again
people are coming out I think people
really underestimate the energy that is
happening on the ground people are
frustrated angry and they want an
elected official to do something about
it that's what we're gonna do Marilyn
what are you what's the nature of your
ground game a lot a lot of this depends
upon getting those unlikely voters out
yeah particularly african-american
voters and young folk so what are you
doing specifically to appeal to those
folks that aren't showing up in the
polls but who could change the very
landscape listen you you're speaking my
language I believe that every race is
won and loss on the ground that's what
we did in the primary we had a hundred
and fifty thousand voters turnout in the
primary who either one had never voted
before or had not voted in the previous
three elections it's my intention to
double that number and that's why we're
going to remote places for too long the
race for governor has been treated as if
it's the Electoral College
you don't win one County and lose
another pick up one and lose another the
one who wins is the one who gets one
more vote and that one more vote may
come from anyway throughout the length
in the breadth of our state and so we're
putting as many resources as we can
muster into a ground game motivating
moving our voters we can't win if we
don't go there so I'm prepared to go
there ask for their vote and then put in
place a serious operation to turn more
voters
mayor Andrew Gilliam thank you very much
for being on the show good luck thank
you all very much thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
