breaking news this very hour NBC News
reporting tonight that adult film
actress stormy Daniels is suing the
President of the United States Donald
Trump saying the hush agreement she
signed is invalid because Trump never
signed it the civil suit alleges at her
agreement not to disclose her intimate
relationship with Trump is not valid
because while both daniels and Trump's
attorney Michael Cohen signed it Trump
never did according to lawsuit Clifford
and Trump Clifford being her given name
had an intimate relationship that lasted
for the summer of 2006 well into the
year 2007 that affair allegedly began
while Trump was married to Melania and
after the birth of their son Barron
Trump has never addressed the alleged
relationship publicly which is somewhat
remarkable investigate a producer who
broke that story from DC news Sarah
Fitzpatrick joins me now by phone and
this lawsuit has been filed Sarah is
that correct yes it was filed late this
afternoon in Los Angeles and presumably
I mean what what's going on here
presumably the signatures are missing
the whole time it's a little hard to
make sense of right so you know they
have suit alleges that it's that Trump
must have been aware that this you know
payment had taken place but that he may
have not signed it by design so that he
could distance themselves from it if it
ever became public so she's now saying
that he intentionally didn't sign an
agreement about which she's if the
agreement were to obtain she can't talk
about right now right so she's basically
alleging that because he never signed it
the agreement is null and void and
therefore not enforceable so this
doesn't have to do this is not in
response to any actions he has taken as
president of the United States or
anything he or his allies or emissaries
have said about her it it harkens back
to the original the original settlement
that they had that is correct however
she doesn't know it in the suit that as
recently as last week Donald Trump's
lawyer Michael Cohen has tried to keep
it quiet by initiating arbitration
proceedings so although this is
harkening back to the fall it's very
much something that's going on right now
didn't Michael Cohen also one point
produce a letter was like allegedly from
her but softly the signature that didn't
look like hers yes so she claims that
she in a suit she alleges that he
falsified that letter I'm sorry say that
again she alleges that that that letter
is false she did not find that letter so
she's accusing the president's personal
lawyer of forging a letter for her in
response to reporting about the
existence of an agreement between
himself and adult film actress to pay
hush money to stop her from speaking
about the affair that she had with
president 'days correct she even calls
it intimidation and coercive tactics no
there's a source mr. Clifford I'm sorry
I made myself yep coerced her into
signing up false statement there's an
interesting legal question here and the
I guess the most relevant precedent is
is a Bill Clinton when he was sued by
Paula Jones in which the Supreme Court
I'm not mistaken unanimously and and I
think to the regret later of some of
those justices who even were on that
opinion allowed that suit to go forward
because it was for actions prior to the
president becoming the president
presumably the same would pertain here
you know I'm not a lawyer so I can't
speak to that but it definitely raises
some interesting questions all right
Sara Fitzgerald great reporting many
thanks hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
