thing one tonight president Trump has
often called for the nation to update
its nuclear arsenal
we must modernize and rebuild our
nuclear arsenal hopefully never having
to use it but making it so strong and so
powerful that it will deter any acts of
aggression in fact a week after becoming
president Trump ordered the Department
of Defense to conduct a new Nuclear
Posture review detailing how secure and
effective our nuclear arsenal is that
review is released this week there's one
obvious problem off the bat at least one
person received a hard copy that looked
like this with all the pages past the
cover printed upside down this was
tweeted by Hans Kristensen the director
of the nuclear information project at
the Federation of American scientists
not a great look for you know the
preeminent government document about
America's nuclear weapons but good news
it appears other recipients got their
copies right-side up including NBC News
which received a cop correct copy so it
seems there's just a simple printing
errors and besides there are worse
mistakes that could have been made like
for instance if the president confused
North Korea with South Korea that's
thing too in 60 seconds
president Trump sounded cautiously
optimistic today in response to reports
that North Korea is willing to hold
nuclear talks I think that their
statement and the statements coming out
of South Korea and North Korea have been
very positive that would be a great
thing for the world great thing for the
world so we'll see how it all comes
about other a bit of good news a
president did not mix up North Korea and
South Korea the gridiron dinner Saturday
night the president appeared to say he
had actually gotten a call from North
Korea which is a kind of woe with true
thing quote and they by the way called
up a couple of days ago and said we
would like to talk and I said so would
we but you have to Dinu CAF to D nuke
but an unnamed official on the National
Security Council told South Korea's
Yonhap news agency that present Trump
did not have a call with the North
Koreans
the official said Trump was referencing
a call with the South Korean president
on
March first no big deal just confusing
the Korean antagonist nation with nukes
and the other Korean nation that's a
close ally that just hosted the Olympics
but no one said nuclear diplomacy was
easy do you believe in North Korea's
recent willingness to talk is sincere or
is it an effort to buy time for their
nuclear program and to what do you owe
this recent openness to talk me no I
think that nobody got that
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
