you don't have to listen all that
closely to these stories to see
something is happening in the Malheur
probe right now he's bearing down on new
leads he is hitting new people with
subpoenas witnesses are leaking and
while they usually do that anonymously
then you get sam nunn Berg telling his
stories out in the open he offered us a
rare inside look at the probe telling us
who Miller's I what documents he's
seizing
even clues to the strategy for when and
why Muller does put a witness into that
intimidating grand jury box and whatever
one thinks of mr. Nunn Berg's public
statements yesterday it was clearly
partly a thought of going into that box
that scared him he made news on this
show last night
initially vowing on camera to defy
Malheur subpoena which my guest attorney
Maya Wiley cautioned against Sam you got
immunity so you certainly don't have any
reason not to testify right as you told
today not only that not only that it
actually makes it appear that Roger
stone has something to hide because you
will not go testify he has nothing to
hide well then go testify I think that
in our discussion and what you said I
would have no problem going to the grand
jury but I once again don't want to have
to spend 80 hours going over email you'd
rather spend possibly a year in jail
then I'm not going to jail and then he
said am I so what's he really asking and
did the answers that he got there from
Miss Wiley and others have an impact
well I can show you this news tonight
nunberg saying yes he's telling a news
outlet he will comply basically because
of the counsel of Professor Maya Wiley
whom he spoke to on the beat now some
viewers have told me that segment at
times felt like an intervention I'll
tell you it was certainly unlike any
interview I've ever been a part of on or
off camera whatever it was though it
also became part of this story and
tonight we also asked Wylie for her
response to nunberg
ending her for this new decision today
to pledge to comply with Muller let me
read to you what she says I joined the
set after Sam Nam referenced his
racially offensive statements that got
him fired from the Trump campaign
dismissing their relevance because they
wouldn't have lost Trump a vote she says
unspoken was his willingness to use the
n-word in reference to black leaders
that nunberg actually recognizes the
value and intelligence of a black woman
is I hope a life lesson for him I assume
he has sought the advice and counsel of
his lawyer I hope what I gave him was a
sense of the humanity we need now more
than ever in this country the humanity
we need now you could see some of it in
nun Berg's tortured public reaction and
also in other people's reactions to him
number explained himself and he's done
that before on this show by the way and
he also wanted to ask others what he
should do and for whatever reasons he
wanted to do that in public on TV it
became this mediated and at times
reckless public negotiation with his own
lawyer his former colleagues or even as
he thought with Muller's team itself I
am NOT a subject of the investigation
which would if true I didn't want you
but they wanted something I said to them
and that interview they wanted at the
grand jury do you think they wanted it
to put on record for testimonial
purposes to use against someone later
yes of course
they needs grand juries they build a
game they want you and the grand jury
room to build that case against someone
else yes and here's that person is I
don't know you don't know and if it's
Roger I'm not going to testify against
Roger Roger did not do anything at a
certain point though he also hit his
limit he canceled a planned interview
this morning with another network and
ultimately asked for the cameras
following him to be turned off late last
night off-camera I'll tell you I spoke
to mr. number as well as his father they
do appear to be working through this and
it would be easy enough to dismiss mr.
nunberg or just judge him from afar in a
short time he went from
saying he was a cooperative witness to a
defiant one - tonight
once again pledging cooperation now he
may have simply lived out in public what
many people caught up in these
situations feel in private it could also
be easy to consume this spectacle while
claiming a kind of distance from it in
fact I see some in Washington tonight
people who live off scandal and cliques
now declaring this particular one was
suddenly too much for them but the legal
import of these stories of mr. Nunn Berg
and tonight mr. stone and soon other
witnesses is not the show it's not just
the will they or won't they
iterative updates it's actually a rare
thing I can tell you for a grand jury
probe it is the disclosures of
information and evidence from primary
sources from people who have actually
been in that room in Miller's office or
who are headed there and for all the
reaction to mr. Nunn Berg he's not the
first witness to disclose this
information or do so with an axe to
grind most of the stories we get about
this probe these headlines that all of
us read they come from witnesses leaking
anonymously and that's how we know what
little we know about the probe those
people leaked anonymously out of
self-interest think about this nunberg
leaked on the record probably against
self-interest
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
