why is Bob Muller asking for information
on Roger stone and why did Roger stone
just join sam nunn burg and speaking out
nunberg told me he believes Muller's
building a case they're trying to set up
a perjury case against Roger stone and
I'm not gonna have it Rogers my mentor
Roger is like family to me and I'm not
gonna do it I'm not gonna do it Rogers
my mentor Rogers like a father to me I
don't care I'm not going to go into a
grand jury for them to set up a case
against Roger whatever case it is which
could be ridiculous now those could be
just theories of a stressed and loyal
lieutenant but then tonight stone this
longtime media strategist effectively
batted cleanup in his mentees media tour
and said this he is not speaking at my
behest or my direction I would certainly
not have advised him to ignore or refuse
a document production subpoena I was
pleased to read today that he's changed
his mind about that stone stressing he
wants nunberg to cooperate but why do so
many roads seem to lead to Roger stone
the Trump advisors one of 10 people on
the subpoena which I discussed of course
last night of all the things nunberg
said his insistence on defending stone
was striking Roger stone a famous
political operative one of the closest
advisors to trump a self-proclaimed
provocateur and dirty trickster
he's long pushed the limits in politics
and argued a kind of equivalence for
gutter politics one man's dirty trick is
another man's political civic action
everything I do everything I've ever
done has been legal politics ain't
beanbag and losers don't legislate
he was a loyal Nixon operative he worked
for Reagan's re-election then he ran
that profitable political consulting
firm with you see it there Paul Manafort
when Trump first flirted with running
for president in 2010 was there and he
was there when Trump began running this
time and while he did leave that formal
campaign he was an outside Ally
attacking opponents from Cruz to Clinton
creating organizing groups to try to
help Trump
the convention as well as the general
election but what's proven most
controversial and of interest to Muller
was the support for Julian Assange first
of all I think Julian Assange is a hero
I think he's taking on the deep state
both Republican and Democrat I expect
you're going to see more from mr.
Assange who again I think is a hero we
have a mutual acquaintance who is a fine
gentleman I happen to be one who thinks
too the signs you say is a hero Muller
probing whether that hero was involved
in helping the Russians Stone's own
record raising those questions look at
this August 2016 Stone says he knew
about key information against Clinton
from an Asajj intermediary he also
seemed to predict that hacking of
Chairman John Podesta saying trust me
it'll be his time in the barrel
Assange website of course WikiLeaks
released those emails and then these
messages from WikiLeaks to stone leaked
in the Atlantic that was just last month
with this message happy we're now much
more free to communicate after the
election now tonight stone disclaimed
any advanced knowledge of Russian hacks
my direct messages with goose 42.0 if
that's who it really is come six weeks
almost six weeks after the DNC emails
had been published by WikiLeaks so in
order to collude in their hacking which
I had nothing whatsoever to do with one
would have needed a time machine after
Trump's election but before Muller was
appointed I myself asked Roger stone if
he'd been to Russia and his view of
WikiLeaks given what we've learned
have you been to Russia I have never
been to Russia
I have no contacts in Russia I had no
contact with any representatives of the
Russian state or Russian intelligence I
had no knowledge apart me I had no
contacts with people who might have been
a go-between
some say that Assange is publishing
stolen documents well the New York Times
published the Pentagon Papers
the court said it was legal to do so
lots of love for Assange now the most
benign explanation
be that maybe stones everywhere cuz he
wants us to think he's everywhere the
only thing I can think of worse than
being talked about is not being talked
about self-promotion could be his best
defense but note what else stone just
told msnbc within the last two hours
he hasn't been called in by Muller as a
witness
even as Muller ass other people about
stone and the question becomes if you're
the last one into court is that because
the prosecutor wants you to be the
defendant
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
