it's chief economic adviser Gary Cohn
has officially resigned we'd heard that
he was threatening resignation over the
last week when news came out that the
president was going to issue those
tariffs again on steel and aluminum and
indeed Gary Cohen has followed through
on that threat has resigned let's go to
Hallie Jackson our chief White House
correspondent and at the White House
right now Hallie you know we see these
threats all the time and and I guess
it's rare that somebody follows through
on that threat obviously it means these
tariffs are a go if Gary cone is gone I
think you're right Chuck and listen
there's a couple of things to note here
with Gary Kahn's resignation it is
happening we should say first of all
after the markets have closed by the way
at least here in the US yeah because
there was concern about how Wall Street
is going to react to this so we'll watch
for that tomorrow but let me read you
some statements that we have including
from the President himself who is
tonight calling Kohn a rare talent
thanking him for his dedicated service
to the American people he said he did a
superb job in driving our agenda helping
to deliver historic tax cuts and reforms
and unleashing the American economy once
again General John Kelly is out with the
statement also praising cone cone
himself says it's been an honor to serve
his country and enact pro-growth
economic policies to benefit the
American people in particular the
passage of historic tax reform so Chuck
perhaps the most surprising thing about
this resignation is that it's not
happening on a Friday right there had
been a lot of discussion that Gary Cohen
is going to be leaving this
administration after the passage of the
tax cut plan he's stuck on stuck around
I think several months longer than the
initial expectation had been but this
tariffs issue had brought it to a head I
will tell you that moments before this
came out I was on the phone with several
different sources specifically asking
about Cohen because today at that press
conference in the East Room Gary Cohen
was not there now that wouldn't normally
be unusual except there was a seat for
him and he didn't show up to sit in that
seat I yield to the president at the end
of the press conference where is Gary
Cohn he talked about chaos in his
administration the president had tweeted
just today about how some people may not
be sticking around that he may make a
change and I was told by a couple of
different people that obviously the
relationship between the president and
Cohen had become strained particularly
on this tariff issue I was
also told that perhaps the frustration
that cone had been expressing to others
had made its way back around to the
president and you know that Donald Trump
would not have really liked that very
much so I do think that this is
something that had been in the works for
a little while I don't think that's
untrue from the White House there
because that matches with our reporting
his departure date is still TBD it's not
for another few weeks apparently as he
kind of presumably puts in place the
next person to take over as the top
economic adviser to Donald Trump but
listen if you're gonna frame this as
globalist versus protectionist Chuck
this is the protectionist wing winning
out there you know who was at that press
conference right next to Rex Tillerson
Wilbur Ross who was one of the finishing
for these tariffs that gon hit the cone
rather had been fighting against Chuck
all right hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
