walk us through first Katie who's Sam
Nonnberg is because a lot of people
before yesterday don't even know salmon
Berg is somebody who has been in the
Trump orbit for a long time he worked
for Donald Trump as his political
strategist for years to the lead up to
Donald Trump announcing he was gonna run
for president in 2016
he was his scheduler his handler he told
them what to say where to go who to try
and woo in the Republican Party he was
there as they were trying to decide what
policy Donald Trump would put forth he
came up with build the wall right he
came up what he says he came up with the
build the wall he came up with the
immigration plan he told Donald Trump to
hit that hard in a Republican primary he
also knows about why or knows at least
that Donald Trump was going to be
friendly to Russia early on and that's
one of the things that Muller wants to
know from him why was Donald Trump so
friendly early on did it have something
to do with his business listen Sam as a
character obviously he's been a
character for years the way he was on
television yet they're all characters
it's the way that he is on the phone you
can't take everything he says as gospel
you've got to back it up you've got a
fact check but every once in a while he
does lead you down a path that gives you
a piece of really solid reporting that
is confirmed by multiple people he knows
what he's talking about sometimes you
just have to parse through it he is that
he's a valuable he can be a valuable
translator for what's happening in the
Trump world all right I want to share
what stuck out to me the most in your
interview take a look are you ready to
go to jail
I'm not gonna go to jail how do you know
you're not going to go to John snubbing
your nose at the special counsel and
this investigation I imagine if they
don't do anything for you they would
they would allow anyone else to snub
their nose at this investigation all
sorts of people who are maybe people to
start thumbing their nose at it okay
Robert Muller is the Michael Jordan of
lawyers and he's got the NBA all-star
team surrounding him hours later Sam
seems to change his tune so is he going
to appear before a grand jury I imagine
he's gonna appear before a grand jury on
the phone he was a little bit more
measured he said ultimately I'm gonna
cooperate that with them I just don't
want to make it easy and I don't think
it's fair that I've got to go through
all my emails and send them to him it's
gonna he's gonna sit I mean let's just
get the guy wants to go to jail they
walk me through this though it's too
taxing on Sam Ari to go through loads of
emails but he's willing to sit through
grand jury he's willing to go to jail
that's no biggie well this is not
significant because of what sam nunn
berg says about what he will or won't do
and i think it's become quite obvious
he's not sure what he's doing this is
significant because it is the first on
the record leaked and disclosure about
the people that are of the most interest
to the Special Counsel probe that list
of ten names it's also significant
because he's detailed on the record more
than any other witness what he was asked
about which gives us some clues to the
line of questioning to the extent that
he's credible and third and this is most
important and has gotten lost
understandably because of the way I
think to some degree mr. Nunn work is
comported himself but third and most
important he has been asked by Bob
Muller to go into the grand jury box
that's something that most witnesses
including closed confidence of donald
trump have not been asked and we have we
that's correct I'm talking about what I
know I'm nothing about what I don't know
that we know of and that is very
significant because it has nothing to do
with what Sam Nonnberg says and
everything to do with what Bob Muller
wants he wants to put this man in the
box why
we don't know is that bad for you if
you're in the box cuz you don't even get
a lawyer when you go in there yes are
you more likely to have felonious
exposure yes would you be put in there
basically potentially to lay down
evidence against someone else that Bob
Miller's decided to target possibly so
there's a lot of significance here even
when you put aside the fact that mr.
nunberg as we explored and as I think
everyone has seen in multiple interviews
is clearly under strain which many
people can be which even innocent people
can be as he deals with what is probably
the most difficult high-stress situation
in one's life does he realize that Matt
you know I mean you got Sam making light
of potential consequences what happens
if he doesn't comply
what is he facing because Bob Muller
that's a serious dude yeah look he's
facing jail time it's just that simple
if he doesn't comply with the subpoena I
think it's it's pretty obvious what Bob
Muller will do he'll move to hold him in
contempt of court it's hard to believe a
judge wouldn't hold him in contempt he
doesn't really he's not he's not
offering any legitimate privileges to
defy a subpoena there are legitimate
privileges he's not offered any of them
in his interviews yesterday so I think a
judge would likely hold him in contempt
and what would happen is he'd be held in
jail for up to 18 months until he
changed his mind but period before the
grand jury and testified but that's not
in the end of it I mean if he even if he
held out for 18 months you can still Mon
could bring criminal contempt charges
against him and you know put him in jail
even longer than that so I think at the
end of all of this spectacle and this is
a lot of spectacle you know the hard
thing is to sort out what was
significant he's probably gonna testify
I suspect the most significant thing
we're gonna find out if you read if you
look through all those interviews
yesterday's his concern about somehow
giving evidence against Roger stone that
was the really the one thing that can do
that to me he came back over and over
and yeah yeah I was worried about
setting up Rogers I would echo that two
things Roger stone which he was very
emphatic about at number two and I think
we can play this sound he also disclosed
in the interview to me that he is under
the impression through his lawyer that
he was offered immunity which is new and
relevant information that's actually
Sharon
they did tell me was I wasn't going to
be a subject or target and I was gonna
get the same kind of immunity but they
wanted something now re let me just say
something immunity yes re
it is significant if true that he has
from his lawyers an immunity offer I
asked whether it was to him or his
lawyers because it's more serious if it
was to his lawyer which he says it was
and again that gives us an indication
that Bob Miller is interested in
something you don't put people in the
box or something and you don't offer
immunity if you're not interested in so
why would he be worried about protecting
Rogers okay this is my question
he's not afraid to say the President of
the United States may have done
something hinky during the campaign he
sort of blows off Muller's request
calling it ridiculous yet he's fighting
to the death to protect Roger stone so
it's clearly a dangerous guy or so he
says let's let's delete option Roger and
Suzanne and everybody could reveal about
Roger stone from what the questions that
we know he was asked and others have
been asked by the special counsel why
was Roger stone not in the Trump
campaign any longer he was not there as
of August 2015 the Trump campaign says
it was fired Roger stone says he quit
investigators want to know which one is
true they want to know if he was somehow
still working with Donald Trump behind
the scenes or what was their affiliation
for the the totality of 2016 what were
they talking about why is this important
because Roger stone was very publicly
saying that WikiLeaks had information on
the Clintons on the Clinton campaign it
would be John Podesta's time in the
barrel soon he tweeted on August 21st on
October 7th hours after the Access
Hollywood tape dropped John Podesta Z
mails were released and they were
released in a batch every day after that
until Election Day and then they
suddenly stopped those are suspicious
events those are events that I imagine
if you're an investigator because
certainly if you're a reporter you want
to get to the bottom of to figure out
why in the world he would say that and
then why it would suddenly become true
at a very opportune time for Donald
Trump you're right haters it's just a
bunch of gossip
what do you think Matt Sarah have to be
Sanders returning to the line we've
heard before
none Burke was only there for a short
time blah blah blah listen we've heard
her say this about Carter page Paul
Manafort take your pick we'll be
interesting when they're asked about
Jared how well he knows the president
will be well he's not blood-related
Jared was just a copy boy didn't have a
top secret clearance exactly uh but to
her point she's saying he wasn't there
long he couldn't know much yeah well
look he wasn't there long for the
campaign because he did get fired but he
was there years before I think it's
Katie probably knows better than anybody
he was one of you know Donald Trump's
earliest political aides within before
he launched the campaign with him at the
very beginning I said yesterday that he
came up with the you know the wall that
he came up with the Muslim ban I don't
know if that's true or not but it's
certainly what he claims the the point
of any witness though is not you know
can he offer direct testimony about the
the president committing a crime he may
not be able to he said by his own
admission yesterday he thought well the
president might have done something but
he didn't have any direct evidence
it's where he fits into this evident
into this this larger investigation can
he give evidence against a more senior
player someone like Roger stone that
helps Muller build this case
brick-by-brick kind of move up the chain
side of the campaign and that would seem
to be the answer yesterday that he was
most concerned about is that he can give
evidence about Roger stone yeah can he
be a test of credibility for somebody
else why are they testing his
credibility matching up his his
statements his emails whatever to
somebody else's testimony I mean they
these are all puzzle pieces that fit
together I was talking to another
witness a different witness not Sam
Romberg and they were describing to me
what it's like to be in that room they
say Muller's team knows more than you
know they know everything before you
walk through their doors that when you
sit down with them they'll say where
were you on this date and you'll kind of
look at them and say I don't know were
you in this room yes I was in that room
who are you sitting next to I don't know
you were sitting next to this person
what did you say maybe something like
this here's the verbatim okay given that
it's well known that Muller and his team
are playing three-dimensional chess why
would Sam
rock up and play tiddlywinks for the
whole entire world I guess I just don't
understand it's like all his motivation
salmon's somebody who we say this about
kids they like the the warm fuzzies and
the cold pricklies they like attention
kids that like they like attention and
and I think Sam is one of those people
which is why you always have to take
what he says with a grain of salt which
is why when you have him on a show
you've got to be very specific as Ari
was yesterday with what you asked him
you got it he'll go down a rabbit hole
he'll go on a tangent you've got to pull
him back and it's not it's not I mean
you don't think god I gotta get Sam
numbered for a live interview impromptu
but when he's making news like that in
the Washington Post press saying he's
gonna defy a grand jury subpoena he has
suddenly become extremely newsworthy in
the most significant story that we have
been following now for nine months some
might argue it's unbelievable it's also
possible it's also possible that he went
down a path of cooperation that a lot of
other people went down well he did the
FBI interview then he did some
interviews after that as we know to
basically say these are good prosecutors
it's not a witch hunt and he thought he
was in the clear and then he got hit
with something that you never want to
get hit with an actual real commentator
in actual grand jury subpoena what do
you suppose in the box without a lawyer
okay and he may have thought to himself
I did what I was supposed to do I
cooperated my lawyer said that would be
the end of it and to his knowledge
Steve Bannon didn't have to go in the
box Jared Kushner has been interviewed
he didn't have to go in the box he may
be sitting there thinking why do I have
to go in the box and he may have had a
reaction to that that's part of what's
going on here in other words it's very
easy with the Trump world to see the
spectacle there is a larger legal
significance to the fact that Muller
wants him in the box that Roger stone is
implicated that song Trump's longest day
that's not a Papadopoulos and in the box
to Jerry's I mean Jerry I'm not even
though we don't know we don't know we're
not and when you talk to Sam Nunn Burke
and I can't say the names on a on tape
or on TV he will say that other people
have been asked the same
thing and they've told him so we don't
know who did why why it affected why it
affects him if we feel he's feel she
gets that subpoena and he initially says
yaks I talked to him
not last night for the night before
about this subpoena and whether he was
nervous about it and what it would
reveal and he was fine he didn't I mean
he was like oh gosh I got a subpoena but
he had no made no indication that he
would not appear before the grand jury
that he would not hand over those
documents something happened between
that moment 10:30 11 o'clock at night
and the morning when he suddenly started
to feel defiance you can speculate on a
host of things but he even said on
television that he started to go through
his emails and he decided he didn't want
to do this did he find something in
those emails did somebody call him and
say don't go did somebody threaten him I
don't know any of these things these are
things that are questions that are all
up in the air why somebody would
suddenly and so abruptly change their
mind
he said nobody had contacted him but
those are questions that have to be
raised could he just not want to share
them because they're humiliating I mean
the guy lost his job a year ago over a
year ago at this point because it was
found he had Facebook posts with racial
slurs in them can you imagine what his
email his private email exchanges must
look like between him and Rodgers stoned
and that's that's if you think that the
Moller team is gonna leak your private
email exchanges and so far we found the
Moller team hasn't leaked leaked a
single thing hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
