I talked to somebody that knew him
really well yesterday who said kindly
that he's not a Rhodes Scholar
a lot of his friends were suggesting
that he may have been under the
influence and that he was completely
overwhelmed by what he found himself in
the the lawyers fees just to sort
through those emails and that is a thing
Willie that a lot of people don't
understand I was explaining last week
about hope Hicks the the pressure that
she had to be under and the amount of
legal fees that she would in facing and
somebody said oh the White House doesn't
pay that no it's these young I say kids
because their that about the age of my
made my children that are gonna be
facing fifty thousand a hundred thousand
dollar legal fees that they just they
don't have so I think we saw yesterday a
younger guy buckling under the pressure
yeah he mentioned that actually in one
of the 73 interviews he did last night
he talked about the legal bills that are
piling up not just for him but some of
the people he worked with and just when
you thought this circus couldn't get any
more strange Sam Nunn Bert rolls in
neither ring on a unicycle juggling and
doing all this so whatever he was doing
remember he was a guy who was fired in
August of 2015 from the campaign so less
than two months into the campaign a guy
who's not been in close touch with
what's been happening but someone who
has been interviewed by the special
counsels office and does know sort of at
least what path the questioning was was
leading so while you don't want to take
it as evidence you don't want to take
him saying yes I believe the President
may have done something as fact
obviously based on that series of
interviews he's not a guy who knows
nothing he's had a little glimpse on the
inside of this investigation well late
last night Sam Nunn Berg reversed
himself and said he will end up
cooperating with subpoena from special
counsel Robert Miller's office after
repeatedly saying he would not do so end
of the third Indiana Jones yeah I think
somebody caught up with him then like
where they sat him down yeah where the
night said he chose wisely
yes Sam not drinking
all from all of the wrong cups chose
windle's wisely here's the background he
had a tumultuous history with the
president he was fired by Trump at least
twice for the last time in August of
2015 for usually using racial slurs in
old Facebook posts and nunberg was sued
by then candidate Trump for breach of
contract in 2016 they later settled out
of court yesterday nunberg revealed he
had been subpoenaed for his
communications with ten Trump campaign
officials and associates and that he was
ordered to appear before the grand jury
after his interview with the special
counsel late last month before relenting
nunberg went on a media tour yesterday
proclaiming he would not cooperate
why should I hand them emails from
November 1st 2015 I was thinking about
this today
Kati I was preparing it should I spend
50 hours going over all my emails with
Roger and with Steve Bennett and then
they wanted emails that I had with hope
Hicks with Corey Lewandowski or you give
me a break it's ridiculous when I gave
it some people like this Rodgers right
it's a witch-hunt
I mean mr. Trump's right the president's
right its witch-hunt
I've spent money under an attorney I've
cooperated with them and when I got
something like this and then they wanted
me to go to the grand jury next Friday
and I believe they're trying to start a
case against Roger why do you think
after you did the other interview do
they want to make you go in the grand
jury room because they're trying to set
up a perjury case against Roger stone
and I'm not gonna have him Rodgers my
mentor Roger is like family to me
Roger stone is like a surrogate father
you feel loyal to him and I'm not gonna
go in there for them to set up a case
against Roger
are you worried about getting arrested I
think it would be funny if they arrested
me you're held in condition really
really funny if they wanted to arrest me
because I don't want to spend 80 hours
going over emails I had what Steve
bayonetta Roger stone so many things to
talk about here first of all caddy begin
Bob Muller actually had to enjoy
yesterday because you want as an
attorney preparing a case you want
people to just talk and you just sit
there and you measure the person who's
talking and who's rambling and this
guy's obviously very scared but also
nunberg was off the campaign very early
but he did communicate a great deal with
Roger stone he did communicate a great
deal calendar with Steve ban and he is
one of the only people that had Trump's
calendar going back several years and so
he does know a lot of a lot of
information and mentioned this yesterday
people like nunberg were shocked at this
discovery request but actually what
Muller did by asking for all the emails
and all the communications that's what
every lawyer does as their first step in
the case and because there's so many
people that are listed they're going to
be able to find out who's revealed all
of their emails and who has not and so
you may people may get obstruction
charges there but at the end of the day
though you were actually on with nunberg
last night right on re show Wow take
away bizarre some of the most bizarre
television I think I've ever seen you
see Sam number there basically being
counseled through his position by a
lawyer and by a federal prosecutor and
he got to the end of the interview and
he that was the point at which I started
thinking oh he's changing his position
where he starts to say well maybe I will
go in there because I think at that
point having had a federal prosecutor on
our ease show with him for about 15-20
minutes he started to realize the grab
30 of his proposition and that this idea
that actually going to jail was a real
possibility for him you're right he
mentioned Roger stone you mentioned
Steve ban and those were the two he kept
talking about
but the clearly if you are Bob Miller
watching what Sam Nunn Berg did
yesterday if he really was prepared to
push it and defy the subpoena and go to
potentially be arrested and go to jail
if you're Bob Miller you you cannot
afford to let other witnesses I think
they can get away and I think that's
what he realized during the pebbles a
year ago there was not going to be
lenient on him because there's a whole
load of other people out there that he
wants to make watching and he has to
make sure they talk to him store since
Susan mcdougal right the prison for a
year and a half Bob Muller would bury
nunberg underneath the federal
penitentiary somewhere so no he would I
was actually surprised that Muller
didn't have agents outside Rho last
night because I would have cuffed him
right there and sent him off to prison
right there you because he would have to
send that message but but David what
would I think what nunberg didn't
understand is they're gonna get Roger
stones emails I mean is not going to
hold they probably already have them so
this idea that I'm going to protect when
you know bannon's not protecting himself
I don't think hope Higgs is going to
want to go to jail for five to ten years
I don't think any of the people on that
list are gonna want to go to jail so
will they make a discovery request
they're going to have all the pieces put
together whether nunberg wants to go to
jail for the rest of his life or not so
in every case that we've watched Muller
it turns out that he has so much more
ready for each next step of his
prosecution than we expected
I've likened him to a shark but you only
see him when the fin breaks the surface
just before the strike he has managed
his office I think brilliantly he's got
so much more information that we realize
he does have a very large cache of
emails that he obtained people in the
white house sir
about it but he's had those emails for
months he knows exactly what you're
lying about it was entire Groupon and
then he then he strikes and I can
imagine if your sin Nonnberg this kind
of comedic character suddenly you're
face to face with the toughest
prosecutor or of our generation now
that's just and wilt thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
