so weird day today but it has been a
remarkable few days of news a remarkably
bad few days of news for the White House
when it comes to the serious issue of
following the money in various
investigations involving the president
himself his senior staff his family and
these are some serious corruption
allegations they've been a whole bunch
of them just over the last few days
first take Carl Icahn Carl Icahn is an
actual billionaire and legendary
investor when Carl Icahn first got in
trouble thanks to his role in the Trump
White House I asked the research folks
on the staff of this show if they could
check to see if Trump had ever mentioned
Carl Icahn by name on the campaign trail
and producers came back to producers
came back to me and they were like are
you serious how much of it do you want
do you want us to keep going with this
they told me we could go on indefinitely
adding more to this list but here's a
starter you know we have the greatest
business people in the world have so
many people endorsing me Carl Icahn
great these are great natural natural
negotiators Carl Icahn endorsed me we've
got Carl like Carl Icahn Carl Icahn Carl
Icahn Carl Icahn Carl Icahn Carl Icahn
Carl Carl Icahn tar-like Donna and I
have Carl Icahn and Mexico is gonna pay
for him candidate Trump
love talking about Carl Icahn on the
campaign trail you love dropping his
name at every speech and that's because
Carl Icahn is a very famous rich person
and investor once President Trump won
the election he then named mr. Icahn to
be a special advisor to the President on
regulatory reform you see that title in
the headline of the press release that
title did not last long though and Carl
Icahn would later claim that that press
release had never actually been issued
he'd never actually been given that
title when it emerged that these
regulations he'd been advising the
president about were actually
regulations were where he personally had
had hundreds of millions of dollars
riding on the White House decision on
those matters that caused him to leave
the White House and to pretend like he'd
never been there in the first place
well now Center for American Progress in
the Washington Post report that once
again Carl Icahn appears to be on
annalee financially inbred with the
Trump white house two weeks ago mr.
Icahn apparently had the uncanny
foresight to sell off more than 30
million dollars of stock that he had
just been sitting on for years it was
millions of shares of stock in a company
whose stock price would definitely
tanked
if the US government announced tariffs
on steel well a few days after Carl
Icahn made that dramatic move and sold
those 30 million dollars worth of shares
just a few days later bingo Trump
announced tariffs on steel and everybody
invested in steel dependent industries
took a bath
except for Carl Icahn Carl Icahn Carl
Carl Icahn Carl Icahn Carl Carl he did
fine the last time Carl Icahn was
reported to have used his access to the
White House to game his market
investments the New York Attorney
General's Office told us that icons
behavior in that regulatory matter was
quote on our radar well in in the
reporting on these latest circumstances
so far Carl Icahn is admitting that he
has been in communications with the
White House since he left his job which
he doesn't want anybody to remember that
he had he's not seven anything specific
about whether his sudden urge to sell
all that steel related stock had
anything to do with those ongoing White
House communications but that is
potentially a very serious follow the
money story on Carl Icahn there's also a
little more follow the money news about
the president's alleged relationship
with an adult film star who goes by the
name stormy Daniels and importantly a
payment made to her right before the
presidential election a payment intended
to buy her silence about the alleged
affair that she said she had with Donald
Trump now The Wall Street Journal has
some interesting new reporting on the
side of who made that payment to stormy
Daniels right before the election the
journal today is reporting that Michael
Cohen president Trump's personal lawyer
complained that that deal with stormy
Daniels had been delayed at least a
couple of times because he said he
couldn't easily reach Trump himself in
the last days before the election that
implies Trump was personally involved in
that deal Cohen also reportedly
complained to friends that he
hadn't been reimbursed for the money he
put out to pay stormy Daniels reimbursed
by whom we don't know the journal also
reporting that Michael Cohen's Bank
flagged that hundred and thirty thousand
dollar payment as suspicious and
reported it to the Treasury's financial
crime section that's all from the Wall
Street Journal
even more intriguing to me though is the
report in The Washington Post about
stormy Daniels and that money what the
Post reports is about the receiving side
of that payment they report that there
was also some sort of red flag raised
way after the payment was made to stormy
Daniels so this was a payment that was
made by Michael Cohen the president's
lawyer it was received by stormy Daniels
through her lawyer stormy Daniels lawyer
received one hundred and thirty thousand
dollar payment for her twelve days
before the election in October 2016 and
apparently there was no problem with
that bank receiving that wire transfer
of funds that were ultimately that was
ultimately intended for stormy Daniels
in October 2016 but then nearly a year
later eleven months later in September
of 2017 this past fall that Bank
suddenly started asking questions about
that payment that they received for
stormy Daniels that bank the one that
received the money they reportedly
contacted stormy Daniels his lawyer and
asked him about the source of that funds
source of those funds
where'd that hundred and thirty grand
come from that you got right before the
election now that's intriguing because
it implies that something sparked the
interest of that Bank in California
sparked concern by that Bank in
California
eleven months after the transaction
why'd they need to go back eleven months
why did they all of a sudden need new
background information on that payment
that hadn't raised any issues for them
when they received it if they were
asking about that payment eleven months
after the fact because eleven months
after the fact they received a subpoena
about it or a request for information
from regulators or they got some other
requests about that money from law
enforcement the bank could likely not
say that out loud they couldn't talk
about it but something happened
eleven months after that money went to
stormy Daniels that made the bank that
we saved the funds for her start asking
and now that's the other shoe were
waiting to drop on that story I mean
however titillating the alleged affair
between Donald Trump and stormy
Daniels's and I'm sorry I just said
titillating sorry whoever salacious that
alleged affair maybe who paid this woman
to be quiet about it right before the
election is potentially a serious
permanent matter and it now really looks
like that as a matter that is being
investigated by somebody other than
really good reporters so really
interesting and troubling Carl Icahn
fall with a money story interesting and
increasingly intriguing follow the money
story about the stormy Daniels payment
and when it comes to following the money
there are now officially a gazillion and
eight stories out there about potential
corruption allegations and
investigations that Center on the
presidential son-in-law Jared Kushner
and his family real estate company now
after New York Times reporting last week
about the Krishna real estate company
receiving a half billion dollars in
loans from two companies last year
shortly after executives in those
companies met with Jared at the White
House The Associated Press then followed
up this weekend with the news that after
one of those firms Apollo Global
Management after they made that hundred
and eighty four million dollar loan to
Jared's family company the SEC dropped
an ongoing investigation of that same
firm now those two things may have no
connection at all right but we can't
know that if high-ranking government
officials are meeting willy nilly in the
White House with people who are also
giving them money in a business capacity
right there's Jared Kushner meeting with
this firm
then there's the firm giving his family
business 184 million dollars then the
SEC drops the investigation into that
firm maybe all of those things are
totally unconnected but how are we
supposed to know we're never even
supposed to have to ask these questions
because conflict of interest rules and
ethics rules are supposed to prevent
those kinds of meetings and interactions
from ever happening inside the US
government
same goes for the Trump administration
taking a bewilderingly hardline stance
against the nation of Qatar all of a
sudden a few months ago turns out that
was right after officials from Qatar had
a meeting with Jared's dad in April of
last year in that meeting they turned
down his request for a big multi
gazillion dollar Qatari investment in
Kushner's family real estate now we
don't know if the policy change to get
super hard line on cutter and Qatar
turning down the Kushner family's
request for money for their business we
don't know if those two things related
but again that's why you're not supposed
to be simultaneously working on US
government policy while you and your
family are also trying to do business
with entities and countries affected by
US government policy that's why we have
ethics laws and conflict of interest
rules that are supposed to prevent
people like Jared Kushner from ever
having a job like the one he has and
same goes for the newly reported
interest by the Special Counsel robert
muller and trump administration policy
toward not just qatar but also at the
united arab emirates and also turkey and
also China and also Russia mole are
reportedly looking into whether policy
toward any of those countries was it all
inflected by Jared's contemporaneous
discussions with officials and with
government like businesses in those
countries about investing in his family
business so it's a lot but basically
we're reaping a bumper harvest of follow
the money stories about various scandals
and corruption allegations of flick ting
this White House now all the way from
Carl Icahn stock sales to the money paid
to the porn star to presidential
son-in-law Jared Kushner stripped of his
security clearance now and now drowning
in corruption allegations involving
multiple foreign countries and also his
dad hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
