joining us now are Enel burr chief legal
correspondent for MSNBC and host of the
the beat on MSNBC also with us Ron Klain
former chief of staff to Vice President
Joe Biden and Al Gore and a former
senior aide to President Obama and Mike
Murphy as well as Republican strategist
who has advised both the Mitt Romney and
Senator John McCain presidential
campaigns re first to you and the first
question is did you smell alcohol on Sam
Nunn Berg's breath was he drunk do you
think when he was talking to you
I did not smell that I did not ascertain
that from any indication on him
scent or otherwise I do think that it
was quite clear from his conduct in the
interview that we had as well as other
public presentations that there is
something going on with him and as we
explored in our interview that maybe the
strain and pressure that comes with this
type of situation people handle it
differently we tried to speak to both
the legal and the human side in it even
if one wants to stipulate that what
we've heard from mr. nunberg is
inconsistent and that there is a range
of performance and activity here which
is now rattling the political legal
world the obvious significance here is
as you know Lawrence it's very rare to
see the names and details of a grand
jury subpoena leaked it's very rare to
hear someone like he has both on the
beat last week and again tonight
described in detail the line of
questioning of the special counsels
investigators as well as the grand jury
subpoena which legally is different than
the FBI interview for viewers who follow
this closely as many people have the FBI
interview is a more cooperative
framework which means that you have a
witness with a lawyer sitting down with
the investigators talking it out the
grand jury subpoena which mr. nunberg
says he received for Friday and we've
obtained documentation to try to verify
that is much more high-stakes your
lawyer is not present and he believes
and he may be wrong as we've been
reporting but he believes that it is an
effort based on the questions he's heard
thus far to build a case against his
mentor Roger stone so even if one
stipulates that mr. mr. number has
changed his story to some degree or is
dealing with an incredibly stressful
situation there is a
of light as well as heat here the last
thing I'll say in the spirit of
reporting is I'm speaking to you at
10:09 p.m. here on the East Coast at
about nine fifty-one pm I was able to
reach mr. nunberg again by telephone we
discussed some of this I also spoke to
his father who is with him as are other
people around him trying to walk him
through the situation he's in which is a
serious one and I'll say this in closing
my conversations with his father were
off-the-record and I'll keep the
confidence under the agreement we had my
conversations with him were on the
record and he said to me as of 951 that
while he may ultimately cooperate in the
end which of course is the big question
coz jail hangs over someone who defies a
prosecutor with a lawful request he said
he continues to maintain his insistence
that he feels this is over broad that
he's not sure he wants to do it and as
to Friday which is the big testimonial
question on the table Lawrence he still
told me as of 951 he does not intend to
go in on Friday so I think there is a
lot here to unpack that significant even
if one thinks that he is a person going
through a tough time having a range of
responses Ari who are his lawyers
there's a lawyer that he has who I
believe is named Patrick Blakely and my
understanding we discussed this in our
interview today is that that his lawyer
today is either unhappy with what he's
doing or they have not connected about
it and as his father a lawyer or his
mother a lawyer I was hearing today my
understanding is that his father is a
lawyer although I the conversation I had
with him he has to be off the record so
I've never seen anybody with worse legal
advice or a worse understanding of legal
advice I was stunned today Ari to
discover that he was a Law School
graduate after we heard him begin his
day by telling Katy tur that it would be
funny he said it would be funny if he
got arrested he would laugh about it if
he got arrested and he said again on
television today that if he was sent to
prison for this he would go to prison
and laugh about it well Lawrence I think
you're putting your finger on it that is
the serious part of this in other words
obviously this is not the first and
perhaps not the last person in Donald
Trump's orbit given the hiring decisions
he makes and the type of people that
seem willing to work for him who has a
shall we say performative style but this
is not performance this is real life
this is a real Special Counsel
investigation there are already people
who have gone to jail one
argue and and this was a point that we
raised in our interview with mr. number
girl earlier today on the beat one could
argue there are people who've gone to
jail for less than what he's already
done he's also made it clear in multiple
interviews that part of what the
investigators for the Special Counsel
team are concerned about is his speaking
out of turn his defiance and now his his
public revelations of what is in there
he may feel and I mentioned this in our
interview and I think it's a human side
to this that we view is we should all
bear in mind he may feel an incredible
amount of stress under the situation he
may feel that he cooperated very
recently in the doing the interview and
he may feel a great deal of loyalty to
mr. stone at the end of the day however
genuinely those beliefs are held and
whoever much stress he's under the fact
is we have a system of law in this
country it's not a system of opinion
that's certainly not a system of loyalty
and so one of the most striking
admissions he made on live television
earlier today was that he wanted to
withhold his testimony in part to
protect mr. Roger stone who is under a
type of criminal scrutiny a criminal
investigation for his alleged dealings
with WikiLeaks and other entities
believed to be acting as pawns and
facilitators of an operation that's now
been charged an American federal court
by Bob Muller as an international
criminal conspiracy to impact the u.s.
election
this is serious as a heart attack and
people who take it lightly will I think
in the view of mr. Miller who's
obviously charged people thus far with
false statements and other what we might
call obstruction related activity
Lawrence they take it lightly at their
own peril Ron Klain I give you a wide
open shot here at what you think you
were witnessing today when you were
watching Sam Nunn Berg yeah you know it
may not have been college basketball and
re-show but it was definitely March
Madness that was what I thought as I
watched this unfold look I mean III
think our ease analysis this is as usual
on target and very pointed but but I do
think there's something serious here
going on and that is this what you saw
today with Sam Nunn burg is what you see
in countries where the rule of law is
eroded where an authoritarian leader
defies the core
defies the justice system and then
inspires his followers perhaps even
critical followers like mr. nunberg but
his followers to do the same and I think
we're gonna see sadly more and more of
this Donald Trump's attacking the
Justice Department attacking the special
prosecutor attacking the idea attacking
the legitimacy of this investigation
encourages people just to say I'm gonna
laugh in the face of it and we'll see
what happens and I think that's the
really dangerous and and a nefarious
thing that we had saw unfold on TV today
it was funny it was almost comical but
something serious may be going on here I
want to go back to Sam Nunn Berg's
appearance with Ari last week just to
show people what a different human being
was was what speaking dari last week
than who showed up there today it wasn't
a waste of taxpayers money to have me in
there wasn't a waste of time
for me either and I'm happy to have been
there and I'm happy to have cooperated
did you leave with the impression that
they knew more than a lot of the
witnesses they yes yeah yes yes that's
what I'm saying was not a waste of
tongue I'm not a victim here they did
not waste their time they did not just
gratuitously have me in there for no
reason and to be mean
Mike Murphy it seems like he went from
being a reasonable person dealing with
that investigation to doing his best
impression of Donald Trump today ya know
I thought it was performance I think
predicting the future this will go from
comedy to drama if he sticks with this
plan and really defies the subpoena I
don't think he will I think they're
gonna pry them away from the alleged
legal team of gin and tonic and get him
some real lawyers and we all quit The
Dillinger act because somebody will
remind him the last guy to talk like
that was Dillinger and he went home in a
bucket yeah so the FBI will crush this
guy and put him in jail if they have to
or the investigation but the FBI is it's
it's you know it's mechanism I I don't
think he'll be there on Friday
I think he's under great pressure and
this was the performance art of this
reality show presidency and I think
he'll be back down to gravity in his own
self-interest but I kind of agree with
what Ron said if he doesn't if he makes
this stage
which will turn out very badly for him
but if Donald Trump tweets rewarding
this behavior or anything like that will
we start to ignore institutions and the
idea of legitimacy of Investigation that
takes this thing from today's news
comedy into a very serious
I think attack on our institution and
which the president ought to get in
front of and just just nothing rather
than reinforce it and Lawrence just to
jump in on that even as I say even if
one stipulates that they don't believe
this individuals statements or
predictions about his own conduct let's
not lose sight of where we are this
investigation has been going on for many
months since the appointment back in May
this is the first time this week that we
have had a list of names leaked from a
fishel grand jury subpoena this is the
first time I buy my account as a legal
correspondent covering it so we've had
this level of detail from an individual
saying what they were asked in the line
of questioning and the purposes you see
there on the screen this this is now we
know and I've obtained as others have
this this subpoena of who's under
investigation so Lawrence there is a lot
of light here even if one doesn't buy
sam nunn Berg's heat and the Roger stone
part is significant and interesting
because he's under the belief true or
not that the purpose of bringing him
before the grand jury was to lay a
foundation of testimonial evidence
against Roger stone is that true we will
keep working that side of the story
regardless of mr. numbers cooperation
with the Special Counsel the re member
has earned the last word in this segment
re thank you very much for joining us
not really appreciate it
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
