he's now president for life president of
united states seems to approve of the
president of china making himself a
president for life according to an
audiotape obtained by CNN this weekend
and the president seems to be suggesting
that he too would like to be a president
for life and we don't know if the
american president is making a joke or
really means it or might try to actually
take steps to become president for life
or has lost his mind
it is now easy to imagine some of the
titles of the books that will be written
about the Trump White House the darkest
days of Donald Trump will surely be one
of those titles and that's what the
Washington Post is calling the days we
are living through right now the most
commonly used word to describe the Trump
White House in the responsible news
media is chaos The Washington Post has
called it pure madness after tiring of
doing something that no president before
him has ever done threatening nuclear
war with North Korea President Trump has
chosen to threaten a trade war instead
but not a trade war with North Korea a
trade war with Canada our most reliable
ally in history and our most important
and honest trading partner in history
the president has also threatened a
trade war with every other country that
produces steel or aluminum those
countries have threatened their own
retaliation against American exports
especially the exports that come from
Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell's home
states which provoked Paul Ryan today to
beg give the president not to go through
with his plan for a disastrous trade war
Ashley Parker who co-wrote the article
in The Washington Post describing Donald
Trump's darkest days will join us next
Donald Trump is responsible for this
investigation because he was so stupid
after you fired Comey he had the lesser
whole interview and he had the Russians
in his office The Washington Post
reports Trump is now a president in
transition at times angry and
increasingly isolated he fumes in
private that just about every time he
looks up at a television screen the
cable news headlines are trumpeting yet
another scandal he voices frustration
that son-in-law Jared Kushner has few
on-air defenders he revives old grudges
and he confides to friends that he is
uncertain about whom to trust still
Trump's friends are increasingly
concerned about his well-being worried
that the president's obsession with
cable commentary and perceived slights
is taking a toll on the 71 year old pure
madness lamented one exasperated Ally
joining us now is the co-author of that
article Ashley Parker and also joining
us Francesca chambers the White House
correspondent for The Daily Mail and
Ashley these are the darkest days as you
report of the Trump White House but only
the darkest days so far and we have seen
that the days there can always get
darker well that's what was so striking
in our story we outlined sort of a
tremendous level of chaos and tumult but
in talking to these aides one of them
said to us you know actually I don't
think we've bottomed out yet you know we
don't know where this is going but we
think it's gonna get worse before it
possibly starts to stabilize so it's
certainly not a good time and it's a
pretty bad time with no immediate end in
sight at least according to those who
work within the White House and
Francesca chambers
what do we expect the the Donald Trump
reaction to be to Sam Nunn Berg's turn
in the spotlight today well already we
we heard the White House reacting to
this in real time in the White House
press briefing with a little bit of
shock considering how long he's been
outside of Trump world and the Trump
circle but to speak to Ashley's point
about this it seems like there's been
pendulum swings with
Trump you'll see him swing very far to
the left and you'll see sin swing very
far to the right with with these mood
swings and you're also hearing though
from people who are close to the
president that there's a method to this
madness right that he likes this kind of
competition and he likes the rivalry and
they think that it produces a better
process and a better outcome and better
results in the end but at the same time
you're also hearing from some people who
are close to President Trump that he
might not be being well served by staff
at this point because of some of these
headlines that you're seeing and what
you could call unforced errors and
actually the the trade war talk comes at
the very same time that we hear the
president musing about president for
life not only does he not voice any
objection whatsoever to the Chinese
president in effect making himself a
president for life he actually
entertains it seems the notion of that
happening here well two points that this
is a president who has long sort of
admired publicly and privately strong
men leaders he's expressed an affinity
for Russia and President Vladimir Putin
he's expressed an affinity for the
leader of the Philippines so he sort of
unabashedly admires these leaders or
even dictators who seize power and then
you drew a very interesting connection
between those comments and you know the
way he was acting on trade and what was
striking and talking to these West Wing
aides was that it was sort of the
connection they drew as well they said
you know everyone's talking about
personnel changes that hope is leaving
and what does that mean and what's going
on with smaller but they said the thing
that they thought most closely showed
how was spiraling out of control he was
was actually trade they said that was
him sort of saying like I'm the
president and I'm gonna do what I want
to do regardless of what you might aid
tell me and the more people tell him you
can't do this the more they try to tell
him you know maybe these tariffs her bad
idea he sort of had this opposite
reaction and went ahead and did exactly
what he wanted to do kind of floating
the advice of a lot of the people around
him and Francesca according to more
Washington Post reporting and the
reporting that Ashley's done some people
seem to have figured out exactly how to
target Donald Trump in the way they want
to for example possibly Jeff Sessions
and Rod Rosenstein Ashlyn's reporting
says Trump seized with anger last
Wednesday night over cable news coverage
of a photo obtained by Axios showing
sessions at dinner with Deputy Attorney
General Rod Rosen's son the next morning
Trump was still raging about the photo
venting to friends and allies about a
dinner he viewed as an intentional show
of disloyalty in Franchesca he's proving
that now Jeff Sessions and others know
how to get to him but this also as I was
saying before it goes back to these
pendulum swings because then we saw the
president at the gridiron dinner on
Saturday evening and he was in very high
spirits making fun of himself and others
in his administration including Jeff
Sessions who he joked about giving a
ride and then saying that he recused
himself rod Rosenstein by the way was
also at that same exact dinner as well
and so with the president he'll be angry
at Jeff Sessions and attacking him one
day the next day he's praising him more
or less at an opioid summit saying that
they're gonna be working on this
together and you never know with the
president when he wakes up what he might
tweet the next day or what he might be
upset about Francesca chambers and
Ashley Parker thank you very much for
joining us with your important reporting
tonight really appreciate hey there are
Mercedes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click Subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
