until Sam number gave his memorable
performance all over cable news all day
the biggest story in politics today came
out of Jane Mayer's New Yorker profile
of dossier author Christopher Steele
according to Mayor Steele wrote another
memo back in November 2016 in which a
senior Russian official related talks
circulating the Russian Ministry of
Foreign Affairs the Kremlin had
intervened to block Trump's initial
choice of secretary State Mitt Romney
that the Kremlin through unspecified
channels had asked Trump to appoint
someone who would be prepared to lift
Ukraine related sanctions and who would
cooperate on security issues of interest
to Russia such as the conflict in Syria
the job of course ultimately went to Rex
Tillerson who had literally been awarded
the order of friendship by Vladimir
Putin himself with me now
and as NBC contributor Republican
strategist Steve Schmidt and New Yorker
staff writer Adam Davidson and before we
get to that sort about the steel dossier
and the sort of way in which the modern
investigation is taking shape
I'm just curious your reaction to
watching a former associate of the
president's do what Sam number do what
he has done all day over in national
television your mouth just hangs open
you can't believe these are the people
who were in proximate positions to the
President of the United States is just
extraordinary and there's a New Yorker
story today is just in the depth of its
reporting is extraordinary a certainly
the notion that the Russians vetoed Mitt
Romney as the Secretary of State and the
story implies would have a veto whoever
the president nominated in that if
that's true
and it's an F we should be clear on the
source though certainly those are the
grounds necessary to remove this
president from office beyond any
discussion beyond any doubt and then I
think the other thing that the story
lays clear is who is Christopher Steele
and we have all this smoke and all this
thunder and all this noise this is a
career intelligence officer who spent
his entire career in the service of Her
Majesty's Government working very
closely with Britain's most important
ally the United States where he had the
respect
and the admiration of the FBI of the CIA
of the American intelligence community
and Christopher Steele is a patriot a
patriot for his country and a friend of
America and the smears launched against
him Lindsey Graham's lowest moment in
the United States Senate
his unconscionable referral that he
should be investigated criminally along
with Grassley just just just terrible
and that's so laid bare in this New
Yorker story there seems to be a
synthesis between that the Steele
dossier which and the performance of
nunberg today and it's this there are a
lot of people in the Trump orbit with
very questionable judgment and you have
reported on the Trump business empire in
precisely that cut those kind of terms
that like if the story that's coming
together here is an orbit full of people
with questionable judgment and an
adversary in Russia who wants to try to
get to them you start didn't look like
you know look I can see how those two
things can go together and a president
who rather famously spends hours every
day talking to all sorts of friends and
who will do whatever the last friend
told him to do so what Jane reported was
was at least the rumor or the the report
was was not that Trump Putin called up
Trump and right--don't that somehow they
influenced the decision was he talking
to one of his cronies who had a big
business deal
I have personally spoken to several
people in the Trump orbit who described
ideas they had about ways to make
hundreds of millions of dollars being an
intermediary between Trump and oligarchs
they didn't need Trump's permission
because that's just how Trump works he's
a platform for people I mean Sam Dunn
Berg is not a typical of the kind of
people you see in Trump's orbit and that
seems to me of huge part of why the
squeak it feels like the Muller
investigation is squeezing because there
are so here's what I would say it seems
plausible to me that Donald Trump
himself didn't do a thing but thinks
that someone around him probably did
think that seems a plausible thing that
has happened we have
we have the president's son-in-law
completely unqualified for his position
in any other White House Democratic or
republican cannot clear his security
clearance would have been walked to the
gates never to return is sitting with
the CEO of the Apollo Group and the CEO
of city outside of their normal loan
processes 500 million dollars in
American money of loans outside the
process this is the type of stuff that
goes on thirty years ago in Zaire not in
the United States of America the
magnitude of the corruption is just
unfathomable and that's the stuff we
know and the other question here is that
you know that there's all these
reporting about you know there's a
Lebanese business and named or Jorge
nadir who has been sort of a again it's
kind of what you said this sort of
influence-peddling middleman kind of
role that he's had he's now being looked
at by the modern investigation you have
looked into their finances and it just
seems like such an obviously fruitful
line of inquiry it is unbelievable when
when we saw reporting that the FBI is
looking into the Trump relationship with
this ex-convict Malaysian businessman
son in Vancouver and I thought oh yeah
that whole deal right you've been paying
attention to because there's so many
other deals there's the other suspect
they just got their name chiseled off of
the hotel about a month ago almost an
armed battle and then you look at the
Indonesia and on and on and on now I
think I don't think anyone who knows
Trump well or was followed him well
thinks he would have sat down and said
let's make a big long-term plan of
collusion however what is very
consistent very consistent with the way
he ran his business is all but saying or
sometimes explicitly saying go out make
some money just give me my cut and that
is the culture that we're seeing in the
White House very naked Lee all right
Steve Schmidt and Adam Davidson thank
you both me with me it's always good to
have you here in studio yeah
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
