welcome back tonight and meet the
midterms some breaking news Mississippi
Republican senator thad Cochran just
announced that he will resign at the
beginning of next month in a statement
the chair of the Senate Appropriations
Committee cited his health as an ongoing
challenge Cochran was first elected to
the Senate from Mississippi in 1978 and
is the tenth longest-serving senator in
US history according to Mississippi
state law Governor phil Bryant a
Republican can appoint an interim
successor and there will be a special
election in November that of course
means there will now be two Senate
elections in Mississippi with Roger
wicker up for re-election and this
announcement may also shake up that race
just last week Mississippi State Senator
Chris McDaniel announced that he would
challenge wicker in the Republican
primary the question now is will
McDaniel decide to switch races and run
for the other Mississippi seat that
remains to be seen and on the Democratic
side party officials were hustling to
find one strong challenger to run for
Senate this November now they have two
now they excuse me have to find two
we'll be back with more MTV daily in 60
seconds
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
