um any talk to additional sanctions I
know the president hasn't enacted the
sanctions that Congress has already
passed and he even though he signed them
is there any talk among lawmakers
Republicans and Democrats about upping
those oh absolutely first you know kitty
we passed these mandatory sanctions
against Russia by a 99% vote in the
House and the Senate so it's
overwhelming these are mandatory
sanctions and so far the president has
not enforced the mandatory sanctions for
the cyberattacks that Russia did against
the United States have not been enforced
by the president yes we're going to
monitor it very closely we expect that
he will he must you know apply these
sanctions and we will be looking at
additional ways that we can make it
clear to Russia that Congress is very
much engaged in making sure that that
type of conduct will be held accountable
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
