president Trump not doubling but
tripling at this point maybe even
quadrupling down this morning on his
call for new tariffs on steel and
aluminum imports in doing so also
pressuring Canada and Mexico I thought
this was about China to renegotiate
NAFTA as the latest round of
negotiations conclude today in Mexico
City President Trump tweeted we have
large trade deficits with Mexico and
Canada NAFTA which is under
renegotiation right now has been a bad
deal for us a massive relocation of
companies and jobs tariffs on steel and
aluminum will only come off if new and
farinata agreements are signed also
Canada must treat our farmers much
better highly restrictive Mexico must do
much more on stopping drugs from pouring
into the US they have not done what
needs to be done
millions of people addicted and dying
quickly as an aside if President Trump
is focused on those addicted and dying
of drugs he might want to take a close
look at drug companies right here in the
United States of America those claims
came hours after this quote we're on the
losing side of almost all trade deals
our friends and enemies have taken
advantage of the United States for many
years our steel and aluminum industries
are dead sorry it's time for a change
the president's surprise announcement is
prompting global threats of retaliation
against American goods including from
Canada China and the European Union and
this speaks to the fact that the United
States does have a big stick but it is
not as big as it once was the EU said
they would specifically target and this
is important and clever Levi's blue
jeans
bourbon and harley-davidson motorcycle
you think that's strange remember most
bourbon is made in the state of Kentucky
Mitch McConnell's home state Harley's
well they're manufactured in Paul Ryan's
home district and Levi's his
headquarters in Nancy Pelosi's hometown
of San Francisco the president says if
the EU goes through with that he will
slap further tariffs on European cars
underneath the press Commerce Secretary
Wilbur Ross well he dodged the
key question should we believe this is
actually going to happen well I think
you have to take the president at his
word he made campaign promises he's
pretty well proven so far he intends to
keep his campaign promises so this is
going to happen this week for sure the
way he said it
25 percent 10 percent whatever his final
decision is is what will happen so let's
just make something clear the president
wants to live up to campaign promises
but he may be doing things that don't
help those people remember Pennsylvania
might be steel country but it's also
where Hershey's wraps their kisses in
aluminum foil jingling beer was
supporters of President Trump those
beers come in cans and for people I
speak to inside the White House they've
said to me slow down telling the market
to slow down because this move is
classic Donald Trump playbook what does
that mean he makes a massive policy
announcement that is in line with his
campaign narrative but completely out of
step with process procedure and
coordination with his own Defense
Department State Department and Treasury
and even more important than those three
White House Counsel does he have counsel
on his side what does the president do
next he doubles down on Twitter we've
seen him do it before but then cooler
heads prevail he has met with resistance
from Republicans and his own
administration remember Wilbur Ross and
Peter Navarro are two guys over here
there's a whole lot of people in the
building that are on the other side
which is why you only saw Wilbur Ross
and Peter Navarro on the shows this
weekend because there aren't many others
in the White House that support this
idea and again White House lawyers have
not signed off on this tariff plan
because thus far we've heard it's about
national security we've had no one
answer whether definitively White House
Counsel agrees that raising tower that
that imposing tariffs are a national
security issue
so while Wilbur Ross said the 25 and 10
percent are what we should expect
and Peter Navarro says we could expect
these tariffs as early as this week I
suggest watch this space something could
happen but there
a good chance the president distracts us
which he's done walks it back which he's
done or we get something but it doesn't
look like those numbers I've heard over
and over this is a woman Ross versus
Gary Cohn I think this point it's a
president versus his own legal team
joining me now CNN etre at large John
Harwood also former US Trade
Representative under President Obama
ambassador Ron Kirk ambassador you were
also an attorney just walk me through
this is it legal to the President to
unilaterally impose those tariffs I mean
he tweeted this morning to protect our
country we must protect American steel
and as a legal basis his trade adviser
Peter Navarro cited national security
but we haven't heard that from White
House Counsel Stephanie it's good to be
with you and John and it's a very
complicated issue and and I have to be
careful opening own legal issues as you
know that I served this US Trade
Representative to President Obama so I'm
somewhat guided by by guidelines on what
I can say but let me tell you this
Congress did put in place a vehicle
whereby industries could petition the
administration through the Department of
Commerce to do an investigation on
unfair trade practices and if they find
that the president can Larry levy
tariffs on that but it's important that
that has to be a very deliberate process
in which certain standards have to be
shown they've been met and then the
Department of Commerce makes a
recommendation and the president that
can act on that but as you noted in that
very informative introduction the
challenge with this administration is we
seem to be governed more by Twitter rage
and impulse than we do a procedural and
administrative process that Congress has
laid out that meets that legal challenge
so until the president makes a decision
and and we've all heard what you've
heard that this final ruling may come
out on Tuesday I don't know that we can
we can fully make a legal analysis of
that and
quickly I would say this putting tariffs
on goods under the broad in primer of
national security is something that all
of the members of the WTO do with with
very much restraint because it becomes a
huge loophole for countries to go in and
put in tariffs not to protect jobs but
mainly just to protect their own
domestic industries and so you're right
I think this story hadn't been written
yet and it's almost sure that it's going
to spur a response not only in terms of
retaliatory tariffs from ironically our
allies our friends in Canada and Europe
and South Korea but probably legal
challenge as well Jon I want to stay on
that the legal challenge but that
President Trump is now digging digging
deep on Canada and Mexico when wasn't
the entire point of this to go after
China who's sitting back watching this
and kind of laughing they look at
aluminum and steel while they may dump
it at depressed prices to third parties
they're laughing at that this is child's
play they go after much bigger things
Stephanie none of this makes any sense
and it gives weight to the arguments
that we've been hearing from aides via
some of the reporting of our colleagues
at the Washington Post that President
Trump is angry and isolated look nobody
except people on the far fringe out with
Donald Trump believe our national
security depends on levying tariffs on
steel from Canada and Mexico
that's a secondly ambassador Kirk was
talking about the careful process you
have to go through when you try to make
a finding that is a precedent to tariffs
well by going on Twitter and saying that
we well we will keep these tariffs on
until we get a better deal from Canada
and Mexico on NAFTA that pretty much
blows out of the water the idea that
this is about national security instead
of about the president's sort of crude
notion of what carrots and sticks
can be used in a negotiation this is
some the reason why you're seeing so
much reaction across the board is that
no mainstream economists think this
makes any sense it may help a small
number of steel workers hurt a very much
larger number of people who work for
industries that use steel and consumers
who buy products that include steel and
the president in the situation he's in
under pressure from Bob Muller facing
very difficult poll numbers a very
challenging midterm election coming up
is lashing out and it's not pretty it is
not pretty and while the president might
like scenarios where his own guys Duke
it out a wolverson ericone again there
are huge legal challenges here and to
John's point about no mainstream
economists we need to remind you people
are oh is not a mainstream economists
and while he was with President Trump
and Wilbur Ross on the campaign Turner I
remember I entered I interviewed funeral
reader Navarro and he told me that
Wilbur Ross was an American Hero and
while he may be an extraordinary
American investor and I want to take a
look at what a hero is Wilbur Peter
Navarro was not welcome in the White
House to work under Gary Cohn or the
Treasury Department to work under Steve
minuchin but alas two of those two yes I
will also note that Peter Navarro and
Wilbur Ross were the co-authors of the
Trump infrastructure plan which is going
nowhere on Capitol Hill John Cornyn the
Senate Republican whip said the other
day I don't know if we're gonna have
time to take that up this year that
tells you about the way in which their
work is regarded right now look John if
I might interject before my career
Washington I was the mayor of Dallas for
seven years and let me tell you the
negative impact on something like this
to the effort to to do the much-needed
rebuilding of our nation's
infrastructure would be would be
critically damning and all it would do
was raise to Christ the cost of all of
those products dramatically and and the
cynical playing
one group of workers against another to
me is the most odious aspect of all of
this
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
