get to our lead story this morning
believe it or not it's not this we'll
get right back to that investigation by
the New York Times in just a moment but
first the FBI's investigation into the
allegations against Judge Brett
Kavanaugh could be wrapped up as soon as
today two sources familiar with the
matter tell NBC News that the probe
could have been closed as early as last
night that comes as President Trump says
the sexual misconduct and assault
allegations against Cavanaugh mark a
difficult time for young men in the
country the president made the remarks
as he departed the White House yesterday
afternoon and reiterated his message
again at his rally in Mississippi last
night where he also for the first time
directly mocked dr. Christine Blasi Ford
I'd say that it's a very scary time for
young men in America when you can be
guilty of something that you may not be
guilty of this is a very very is a very
difficult time what's happening here has
much more to do than even the
appointment of a Supreme Court justice
it really does you could be somebody
that was perfect your entire life and
somebody could accuse you of something
doesn't necessarily have to be a woman
as everybody say but somebody could
accuse you of something
and you're automatically guilty
this is an important time for our
country this is a time when your father
when your husband when your brother when
your son could do great mom I did great
in school I've worked so hard mom
I'm so pleased to tell you I just got a
fantastic job with IBM I just got a
fantastic job with General Motors
I just got I'm so proud mom but terrible
thing just happened
a person who I've never met said that I
did things that were horrible and
they're firing me from my job mom I
don't know what to do
mom what do i do what do i do mom what
do i do mom it's a damn sad situation
okay
what he's going through 36 years ago
this happened I had one beer right I had
one beer
well you think it was it nope that was
one beer oh good how did you get home I
don't remember how'd you get there don't
remember where is the place I don't
remember how many years ago was it I
don't know
I don't know
I don't know
what neighborhood was it and I don't
know where's the house I don't know
upstairs downstairs where was I don't
know but I had one beer that's the only
thing I remember so Joe this is why I
said the day of the the hearings began
that this is exactly what Donald Trump
loves and wants this type of issue this
type of problem with the Supreme Court
nominee because he loves to sow doubt in
people who loves to sort of shove in
that vulgar disparaging angle toward
kind of one of the cruxes of this
argument is due process and is finding
out the truth and it's something that I
think good Patriots good men and women
are all struggling with and Trump loves
to bring it down into the ditch
he loves to disparage people to hurt
them and to bring kind of an ugly ugly
truth to this and that is that you could
hurt people with your words and the
president does it from the podium of the
presidency I find it to be utterly
disgusting well the president I suppose
could have actually given a nuanced
argument about due process that's an
important one all women not only the
court of law but when their lifetime
reputation is on the line we have to
afford them due process we just do we
want to be a better country we want to
make sure that men and women alike are
still considered to be innocent until
proven otherwise but of course that's
not where he went he went like you said
down down in the mud and Willy the it
was it's interesting that Donald Trump
kept talking about what do i do mom what
do i do mom and he talked about all
these scenarios where innocent men could
be framed and yet it just wasn't quite
as strong coming from a man who if he
had a chance to talk to his mom in 2016
would have said what do i do mom Billy
Bush was wearing a hot mic and they
caught me saying extraordinarily
disparaging things
about women mom what do I do do I lie my
way out of it because it really showed
what I think of women that's that was
his what do i do mom Loman
yeah and he just plowed right through it
or allegedly mom I directed a payment to
a former porn star with whom I had an
affair while my wife was home with our
child
John pidor its President Trump
although the way he delivered it you
know is appalling to a lot of people as
making a case that so many people agree
with which is that this woman this dr.
Ford this this witness and this story is
not credible and that Judge Cavanaugh is
being railroaded by the media and by
Democrats well I think two things one is
I think it's significant that that the
president who has who was very ginger
and very careful on this topic for
almost two weeks came out swinging like
this line I think everyone says he's an
intuitive politician but I think that
there there's data there is significant
data that the Cavanaugh the treatment of
Cavanaugh is goosing Republican
sentiment and sympathy we see it in
Florida mason-dixon Poland Florida
showed a closing in the governor's race
that the pollster himself said might be
due to Cavanaugh we see in polling in
the Dakotas that Heidi Heitkamp
is now 10 points behind in her difficult
reelection race with Kavanagh as the
single most important issue I think that
they are seeing that this may redound to
Republican benefit because I Slee
because dr. Blasi for its testimony
however credible we are still it's a
week out we still don't have a single
corroboration
though eyewitness or anybody like that
to confirm her testimony and the
testimony of the two other supposed
victims of Cavanaugh's depredations one
of them the sweat mix seems to have
completely collapsed in credibility and
there's no established truth to the
Ramirez allegations either less giving
strength the idea
that Kavanagh has been unfairly treated
has not gotten due process and and Trump
is playing on that I don't think that he
is I think this is a sign of the general
public move in this direction like
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay up
to date on the day's biggest stories and
you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
