the opioid crisis and how it affected my
family my son was a very very social
high school or he went to the University
of Colorado he had a fantastic freshman
year the first week into his sophomore
year Eric chase died of an opioid
overdose and we never saw it coming we
never thought this we would get that
call everyone every parent doesn't want
it we got it that was part of the
message played ahead of last Thursday's
opioid summit at the White House Eric
Bolling joins us now and you saw him
featured in that PSA he's been meeting
with the president and the White House
to sound the alarm on America's opioid
crisis also with us dr. Dave Campbell
he's the founder of the online health
newsletter thrive author of the book the
teen formula a parent's guide to helping
your child avoid substance abuse but
what we're learning is that this is
touching everyone my daughter lost two
friends in the past six months to this
you know when my son was and I told you
this in our conversations on the phone
after this this terrible tragedy
happened when my son was in college at
the University of Alabama he lost four
or five friends in the fraternity system
there and I remember asking at the time
what the hell's happening well because
that was at the beginning right of this
process and time and time again it
happened to kids that you would never
expect it to happen to boy Joe you're
touching on so so many issues in that
one comment by the way thank you for
bringing awareness to this because you
guys have been front and center on it
and it's really important to talk about
it one of the things that you talk about
what's happening well opioids are
they're become so in abundance in
America where we represent the United
States represents five percent of the
world population we consume 90% of the
opioids in the country in the world
ninety percent in the world I'm sorry
all opioids consumed in the world are
consumed in the United States yet were
five percent of the population President
Trump I went to the opioid summit and
that PSA was opened the opioid summit
he's hitting on a lot of the topics that
matter to solving this crisis it's the
supply side it's causing the borders
it's talking to the Chinese I spoke to
the State Department deputy secretary at
that opioid summit and I said ask them
what are you doing with China the
fentanyl that killed my son
one pill fentanyl that killed my son
came over here from China what are you
doing he says we're working with it with
the Chinese the government to close up
these fentanyl labs the old meth labs of
the 80s and 90s the same thing you know
let me just show you this this is a u.s.
penny it's about 3 grams there's any US
penny 3 2 milligrams of fentanyl can
kill a human being so you could kill a
whole room full of people with with the
amount of weight that's in one well and
Dave dr. Dave that's what we what we've
been talking about you and me about
what's happening now with so many more
people dying than it used to be that
kids would take pills from their parents
at home and they'd take them off to
school and then make mistakes and you
know one mistake could kill them but now
the margin of error is so so much
smaller because somebody like Eric chase
he takes one pill and and this happens
time and again now with fentanyl there
is somebody has put too much fentanyl in
it and it kills them we've gotten here
over the last 30 years and as we have
noticed an increasing number of
prescriptions five times and more opioid
prescriptions over the last thirty years
than before right five times more opioid
overdose deaths in 30 years than before
it is not a coincidence and more
recently as we as physicians have begun
for a variety of reasons scaling back
the amount of opioid prescribing we've
squeezed down the availability of United
states-based illicitly
moved around drugs and in 2016 there
were almost 200,000 new heroin users in
the United States which is an astounding
figure and today and this year in 2018
heroin users
at a dramatically increased risk as our
young kids youth young adults taking
pills with laced with fentanyl that
comes from China that comes from other
places jumping down this so last time I
was here we talked about this and CPAC
match lab happened to see the interview
he said that was that was very powerful
can you come to seat back and talk and I
said yeah let's do that he put me on the
main stage and it was very very well
attended as busy but over the next two
days I walked the halls of CPAC did some
interviews and I was stunned blown away
by the number the sheer number of young
people who are who care about this they
they would come up they would talk
they'd say I lost two of my best friends
or I'm worried about losing my sister it
is an issue that young people really
really care about people my age are like
okay yeah it's a problem it's an
epidemic let's talk about it but it is
something that is near and dear to their
heart and they really really care about
it yeah do you think this White House
will act and what what actual tangible
steps are they taking so this opioid
summit was important because they rolled
out what their plan is going to be the
president spoke the Melania Trump spoke
Eliot but they've had nine separate
cabinet secretaries with the exception
of Rex Tillerson who was away he sent
his deputy secretary there combating it
and from from both the supply side that
we're talking about the illegal stuff
but also the demand side now the
awareness side I think they can continue
to do more I think we can spend a little
bit more talking about getting the
message out to young people that you
take a pill it might be the last thing
you do you might not wake up tomorrow
morning people need also to have more
access to bets I'm a firm believer that
you don't incarcerate a user of drugs
you just don't do it you help them
figure it out what let them work through
it we need to really provide a lot more
funding and assistance to people who
need help and the awareness side end in
the recovery side yeah and Dave for some
parents that are home watching this and
certainly and thank you so much for
being here because obviously it's
extraordinarily painful for you and it
is it is it's what every parent dreads
that phone call but you know you've
written
the teen formula what give us a big
takeaway from that what do parents need
to do the conversation there knowing
that it's just your child could be one
pill away from from dying the first
thing that parents should do today is to
go into their medicine cabinet and
remove unused medications particularly
pain pills and take them back to the
pharmacy to be discarded one of the
driving forces for some of the early
recreational use of opioid pain pills
comes from medicine that was found in
the house and president Trump's
Commission is doing a good job of that
everybody can do that today
take your medicine back to the pharmacy
and have them dispose of it they'll
gladly do that beyond that there are
lots of other steps to take as a big one
you had a huge one so I can't tell you
and Mika how many people have come to my
Twitter page saying you know I had the
had the the a student or I had the
soccer
the soccer captain as a son or a
daughter but they're dead now not my kid
syndrome is dangerous and deadly
believing it can be your kid and it's
getting younger and younger we're seeing
13 12 year olds who are being exposed to
opioids so have that conversation your
kid could be the next nerd chair you saw
a change in behavior you don't notice
what you're noticing sometimes so here's
the other thing you can do you look for
changing behavior but you also look for
change in spending habits look for
changing friends and if you have a
dramatic personality change quickly get
involved and find out what's out and
it's because it is an issue thank you
for coming Thank You ppreciate doing
this and please give our love to Adrian
thank you so much dr. Dave Campbell
thank you as well thank you Morning Joe
the battle for Congress kicks off in
Texas and Democrats are trying to turn
the Lone Star State into a battleground
state a live report from Austin next on
Morning Joe
I'm Eric Bolling I'm a television
personality and a best-selling author
and I'm here to talk about the opioid
crisis and how it affected my family my
son was a very very social high school
or he went to the University of Colorado
he
fantastic freshman year the first week
into his sophomore year Eric chase died
of an opioid overdose and we never saw
it coming we never thought this we would
get that call everyone every parent
doesn't want it we got it thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
