this week was just like any other for
the President of the United States and
then it was full of tweeting in the last
seven days he's riled up his base
covering immigration Russian collusion
trade the economy the Second Amendment
opioids a meeting with the NRA and of
course Alec Baldwin Alec with AC just to
name a few
my next guest knows what it's like to
use the internet as a way to reach out
to voters and now he also knows what
it's like to write his own novel joined
now by former chief blogger for
President Obama's 2008 presidential
campaign and author of the new book
Green Sam Graham Felson Sam thank you so
much for coming in tonight I really
appreciate it you must be glad that you
left political internet blogging when
you did yeah didn't speed it's it's
incredible I when I was Obama's blogger
in 2008 I mean I thought through
everything I blogged of course I got it
vetted it was a slow process relatively
slow process and to me it felt
relatively breakneck so this is a
totally different ballgame
yeah so you and I remember how many
people it took to go through Mitt
Romney's tweet was just to approve a
tweet but I want to talk about your book
and especially in the context of this
kind of new world in which we're living
you had something of a unique experience
as one of only a handful of white kids
at a school that was primarily African
American can you walk us through a
little bit of of what your experience
was like and how it informed the book
sure yeah so in sixth grade I went to a
middle school bus and called the Martin
Luther King middle school I kept the
name of that in my book for a specific
reason which is that ironically if you
try to find the most segregated schools
in this country they often are had the
name Martin Luther King school and of
course he was the you know great
champion of integration in sixth grade I
I did go to a mostly black and Latino
Public School and this novel grew out of
that experience a lot of what I
experienced early on and which the hero
of my novel Dave Greenfeld experienced
was bullying getting made fun of getting
called white boy but what this novel is
really about is a friendship that Dave
develops with one of his black
classmates and
as the novel progresses it's a
coming-of-age story about a
twelve-year-old boy but it's also sort
of a coming of awareness story about
this kid realizing what whiteness kind
of means in America and so much of what
happens in the book is Dave and his
black friend Marlon going through the
world having similar experiences but
Dave seeing society treat Marlon very
differently than it treats him you chose
to write this book in kind of a
colloquial language it took me a minute
to decode some of it it's kind of like
90s slang I guess for these kids was it
hard to stay in voice for this novel
yeah it's you know I really cared about
having an authentic voice and I cared
about it feeling authentically 12 years
old but I also wanted to write a good
book and you know try to say profound
things if I could so that was a real
challenge so a lot of what happens in
the book is kind of double entendre it's
it's Dave saying something that sounds
realistic for 12 year old who loves hip
hop in the early 90s but that has a
deeper meaning and one of the books I
was really inspired by was was Huck Finn
which I read as a kid but one that as a
kid I read as an eighth grader I think
at first and you know I was sort of
perplexed for the first twenty pages at
the vernacular voice and I kind of just
surrendered to it got into it and fell
in love with that book so I was a huge
inspiration for this I take you back to
politics just for a moment I mean it as
Casey asked you at the beginning that
the landscape must look you know like
like completely foreign territory to you
now but what do you think the next
political election is going to look like
in in not not just Twitter but at
essentially as as internet warfare what
you know the the big sort of killer app
in digital politics for so long was
email that's what we focused on on the
Obama campaign really sophisticated
email targeting testing analytics to try
to raise money the Trump campaign really
had no email strategy at all I was on
their email list I mean just sort of
like San serif
you know it felt like you know email
forwards from AOL back in 1995 that's
something this kid but you know but but
they kind of you know and the whole time
I was thinking when is he gonna get an
Internet strategy but it turned out that
just tweeting inflammatory stuff riling
up the base really did work but what I
would say I think I think the big thing
that any candidate democrat or
republican has to think about on the
digital side is fake news and the way I
look at it is unless you have a message
that is more viral than fake news you're
gonna get you know beaten down by fake
news you have to have an exciting you
know that's why you know Bernie Sanders
came out of nowhere to get millions and
millions of votes because he had a viral
message that kind of cut through a lot
of the fake yeah so I would say you know
the landscape in many ways is is
actually the same as it always was which
is that message is always going to be
the most important thing it's just a lot
harder to break through now that in
addition to having an opponent you also
have Russian brain bots that you have to
defeat online as well as a whole nother
thing yeah the book is green by Sam
Graham Felton I highly recommend it it
is on sale now
thank you Sam so much for coming in
tonight I really appreciate it hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
