this state of mine is fine if he went to
the gridiron last night which I did and
others did he was very relaxed he was
self-deprecating he had some very good
humorous lines I don't see any problem
with his behavior at all well on
Saturday night in his first appearance
at that aforementioned gridiron dinner
Donald Trump made his best attempt to be
funny in the tradition of nearly every
US president who was attended the annual
media event but between the
self-deprecating jokes and the
light-hearted roasts of Trump's favorite
targets in politics and the media was
this below the belt jab at congresswoman
Maxine Waters Oh Maxine Waters he must
be impeached that's all she knows how to
say he must be impeached impeached but
he's done nothing wrong doesn't matter
they say what he's done wrong what has
he done wrong I don't know you got to be
impeached and then I say I get in
trouble for this she has to immediately
take an IQ test let's see what the
congresswoman thinks about that joining
me now is I was with Maxine Waters now
congresswoman we're relying on what
people who were at the grid Rd at dinner
said that Donald Trump said the
transcript from inside that room your
response to what apparently he said
about you
well you know this president has been
called stupid he has been called
ignorant and even his secretary of state
did not deny that he called him a moron
and so he has no credibility
he has been name-calling he's been
saying all kinds of things and I
certainly expected him to come out with
some racist remarks about me so he did
exactly what I expect him to do and by
the way I'm told he wasn't funny at all
you know in addition to that he
apparently also and you represent on the
the great state of California a district
in the great state of California and he
reportedly also said
that Nancy Pelosi has been trying to
come up with a line as good as lock her
up and then her line says Donald Trump
that she announced last week is mow the
grass mow the freakin grass that isn't
going to stop ms-13 mow that freakin
grass that sounds like an aspersion or a
slap at immigrants at Mexican Americans
at least that's how I'm reading it how
do you read it well you know the hearing
is a little bit difficult I'm here in
Selma where we have come to commemorate
dr. Martin Luther King's death and to
march across the Edmund Pettus Bridge
with John Lewis and those who were the
victims of Bloody Sunday I don't know
exactly what you were explaining that he
said about Nancy Pelosi or California
but let me just repeat I have never in
my entire career he's seen a president
talked about the way this president has
talked about he's called a liar by
everybody as a matter of fact it has
been documented that he told over 2,000
lies in the one year that he's been
president in addition to that I just
talked about how his staff talks about
him behind his back and even his
appointees to his cabinet and so whether
he's disparaging Nancy Pelosi or Maxine
Waters or the state of California it is
time for the Republicans to stand up and
take the responsibility for protecting
this country and
the point to get rid of this president
this president needs to be impeached it
is absolutely clear to me and it will be
proven that he has colluded with Russian
and he's obstructed justice before our
very eyes and so he can't be funny
nobody really thinks very much of him
this is a president that has no respect
and so we don't really care what he says
the most important thing this country
can do now is impeach this president and
make sure we get rid of him and get
ready for Pence in 2020 and make sure
that we are going to vote us in someone
that we can respect someone who's
deserving of the presidency and the
White House because this president
certainly is not and I'm not going to
stop calling for his impeachment I'm
going to keep on doing it and every
speech that I give because I believe in
it and I believe that America deserves
better
he has no values no good values this
man's character is one that we cannot
endure any longer and so I hope that
gets to what you were trying to ask me
even though I have not heard you very
clearly thank you for giving me the
opportunity to repeat over and over
again what I've said constantly about
him thank you so much congresswoman
Maxine Waters
thank you we really appreciate your time
you're there in Selma
so thank you very much I appreciate you
congresswoman and Tiffany cross from the
beat DC is back with me Tiffany your
reaction the Donald Trump reportedly
said that the United States Congress
woman who his chief of staff is already
insulted never apologized to ought to
have her IQ tested yeah I'm not
surprised at this I am a little
surprised that Donald Trump would set
himself up for something he would
certainly lose I could think put money
on it that she would win that IQ test
and score higher than he would but I
think the dangerous thing honestly joy
about the the gridiron dinner in this
situation normally it is a moment of
levity for the DC people to come
together and poke fun and rip each other
I'm not so sure that this time it was a
good idea because it normalizes the
insanity that is this president there is
nothing funny about colluding with
foreign nationals there is nothing funny
about
of Justice and there is nothing funny
about the racist rhetoric that this
president has said reiterated and
celebrated throughout his administration
so I don't really get the humor there
his attempt at humor fell way short to
me and I would just caution people that
this is the first step to normalizing
someone who integrity and dignity falls
very short of the office when we saw
during two years ago when Barack Obama
leveled Donald Trump at the White House
Correspondents Dinner I think that was a
moment where we could all celebrate but
even before that with George W Bush
during one of the White House
Correspondents Dinner typically that was
a really funny dinner there was a year
with George Bush actually made some
jokes and they showed him looking under
a desk and it said you know got those
massive weapons of destruction gotta be
around here somewhere and people called
filed in they said well that's not so
funny we lost lives in this and then a
war that started for nothing and what
Donald Trump has done this time is even
worse like he's actively violating the
emoluments clause he's actively
insulting members of his party he's
actively someone who's been accused of
sexual assault by multiple women i I
just I there's nothing there's no
laughing matter here to me yeah you know
at the risk of sounding like Chris
Matthews you you have read my mind
because I was just going to ask you
about that very thing about the idea
that members of the media are still
attending these kinds of sort of you
know the fall events and laughing it up
with the present United States you
mentioned the other incident that I was
going to bring up because you aren't
very smart funded and very very very
wise at this stuff that you had Georgia
B Bush laughing about weapons of mass
destruction not a laughing matter if you
sent your son or daughter who then died
or was the gravest grievously injured in
Iraq in a war where they were looking
for said weapons of mass destruction
which we're never there and the
administration likely you know
understood that they were not there and
said that they were and then again what
is going on in our media and our
politics when people are still
normalizing a president who is
potentially in the crosshairs of an
investigation for colluding with a
foreign power to gain his office should
we be walking away from these events at
this point I definitely think so and I
think the root cause of it is a lack of
our city in newsrooms and even a lack of
diversity in thought so we've talked
about this on the show before like the
New York Times for example has an
all-white team covering this president
and you can find that same example in
many newsrooms across the country and so
then perhaps there is a lack of
understanding about why some of these
things are just not funny why it's
really not funny to talk about arming
teachers or why it's really everything
this president says he'll back it up and
Sarah Sanders will come out and say oh
he was just joking when he made that
racist comment or he was just joking
about police roughing up suspects when
they put him in the back of the car well
we're not laughing the American people
are not laughing and we're actually
paying for some of these things with our
very lives in addition to our tax
dollars none of these things are funny
and I think the media's attempt to
normalize this President to understand
things about this president to drop
euphemisms around racist and just
utterly ignorant and dangerous remarks
so you can even move all that aside and
just as Americans and Patriots let's
just talk about our national security
that is not a partisan issue that's just
an issue as Americans we want to feel
safe this president actively makes us
feel unsafe every day from a pre-emptive
trade war that he's just kicked off to
the discussion of putting more guns in
schools nobody knows where he stands on
that it didn't take long for him to
flip-flop on that to his constant his
the lies that he tells in his Twitter
feed to his constant self-promotion none
of these things are funny and I think
the the media's attempt to make them
something that you know when we see this
constant cycle of breaking news when
people turn on the television I mean
people have become immune to it at a
certain point because every day I think
about a year ago how many scandals we
were in at this point and now a full
year later I think some of his base is
gonna start feeling the impact of some
of his shortcomings and have the people
who are covering him in a room with him
laughing with him and reaming with him
and joking with him it doesn't do much
to restore faith in the media
particularly when you've got one side
it's hacking them calling them fake news
and the other side a little bit
oblivious trying to normalize his base
and him it doesn't bode well for those
of us in the media and it's it's
dangerous times I think indeed
well said the brilliant Tiffany cross
thank you very much really appreciate
you being here as always have a great
Sunday wise words for the media
cautionary tale I think we should listen
to it coming up at the top of the hour
Donald Trump's allies push back on
reports that he's having a meltdown and
up next the immigration battle
separating a mom from her seven-year-old
child
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
