I'm a fan of the NRA I mean there's no
bigger fan I'm a big fan of the internet
wanted to reduce it great people do too
great Patriots I love our country but
that doesn't mean we have to agree on
everything it doesn't make sense that I
have to wait till I'm 21 to get a
handgun but I can get this weapon at 18
I don't know so I just curious as to
what you did in your good morning and
welcome to am joy on Saturday the
Florida State Senate briefly voted yes
only to ultimately say no to an
amendment to a school safety bill that
would have required a two-year
moratorium on the sale of assault rifles
and high-capacity magazines the bill is
the Florida Legislature's response to
the mass shooting at Marjory Stoneman
Douglas High School last month the
amendments pitched by Democrats were
part of a push to enact some of the
common-sense measures parklands
survivors and families have asked for
some in person in the state capitol as
it now stands the bill which will have a
final vote on Monday would raise the
minimum age for a firearm purchase from
18 to 21 and impose a three day waiting
period for all for buying all classes of
firearms but here's the catch it also
would create a so-called school marshal
program that would train and arm
teachers so why include an idea not
supported by the parklands survivors or
teachers or sane people anywhere for
that matter
well perhaps as a bid to win support
from the NRA which is actually opposed
to the bill and in Florida nothing
related to guns passes without the
express permission of the NRA and it's
diminutive boss
uber lobbyist and former NRA president
Marion hammer she's considered the most
influential gun lobbyist in the country
and she's been a legislative force in
Florida for decades some even call her
the real and permanent Governor of the
gun shine state joining me now to weigh
in is national security analyst Frank
fig Lucy Sarah Kenzie our journals and
scholar of authoritarian States and
Kimberly Atkins chief Washington
reporter at the Boston Herald thank you
all for being here so I guess I'll start
with you Frank on the
the Florida Legislature is attempting to
fix what is probably one of the most
permissive atmospheres for the carrying
of firearms in the country but they
can't do it unless Marion hammer says
they can do it they have to have the
permission of the NRA in order to fix
gun laws what do you make of the fact
that teachers don't want guns but that
is what they're going to probably get
out of the Florida Legislature so we're
getting a real inside glimpse of how it
works within a state legislature with
regard to the relationship with NRA and
their lobbyists because some of the
recent reporting reflects that literally
NRA lobbyists such as that you've just
mentioned are crafting the language in
legislation alongside state legislators
and literally handing them the law this
is something that's quite disturbing
because the NRA really at its heart
represents gun makers not gun owners and
these are the people who are literally
suggesting bills and legislation so look
teachers I've said this before teachers
being armed in the school simply adds
more guns into the equation and handguns
against the weapon of choice in mass
shootings which are assault rifles
simply don't work ask any law
enforcement officer who has mounted in
his patrol car a shotgun and a machine
gun he knows what's on the streets
teachers with a handgun not gonna work
the data the data tells us it's all
about assault rifles so we're literally
literally talking about creating an arms
race inside the classroom
perhaps we should mount a machine gun
and a shotgun on the blackboard as we
try to counter the the assault coming
into the classroom and maybe Kim Atkins
let's talk about this sort of evolution
of even the NRA and of Republicans on
this issue I want to play Ronald Reagan
On February 12 1989 talking about his
view of the Second Amendment when it
comes to assault weapons I do not
believe in taking away the right of the
citizen to own guns for sporting for
hunting and so forth or for home defense
but I do believe that an ak-47 a machine
gun is not a sporting weapon
and Kimberly you know when you interview
Republicans do they still believe that
Ronald Reagan is emblematic of their
party or in general are the Republicans
that you interview have they gotten so
far to the right of Ronald Reagan now
that what he said is no longer operative
as a Republican point of view well I
think when you ask them of course they
say that they are the party of Reagan
still and they embrace those principles
but the intervening factor that has
happened in that time is the explosion
of the gun industry and I think you're
right the point that was made that the
NRA is a lobby group for the gun
industry this is an industry that that
generates tens of billions of dollars in
sales and firearms and accessories and
ammunition so in that sense that is why
things are so different now that is why
you see after there is a mass shooting
and there is a discussion of gun control
the rhetoric of NRA supporters is to
scare people to believe that their guns
are going to be taken away and actually
spur purchases of guns we usually see a
gun manufacturing in sales go up after
every one of these incidents and it's
become such a major major moneymaker
frankly that it's really really
difficult to push against and that is
what keeps the money flowing into these
lawmakers from the NRA and the NRA
threats to campaign against them at
election time if they support anything
even something as reasonable as bump
stock legislation the NRA didn't back
bub stop stop legislation they wanted a
a regulation something that's a lot
easier to implement and also a lot
easier to reverse so it's a very very
strong stronghold that it has over these
lawmakers right and so alone Sarah do
you can just throw up a map here of how
states are scored by the Giffords Law
Center and of course we don't gabby
giffords a member of congress who was
the victim of an attempted of a mass
shooter which change nothing her
colleagues in Congress didn't change
their attitude toward guns at all those
are the scorecards I guess the darker
blue means that you're more permissive
and then you look at the polling which
is pretty overwhelming and NPR if those
asked do you believe gun laws should be
more strict or less strict seventy five
percent at the end of February polled
said they should be more strict so the
vast majority of the American people are
on one side the self-declared five
million person strong NRA in a country
of three hundred and twenty six million
people says they should be more strict
how is it that they have so much power I
mean they have a they have the power
because this is about money they are the
people who are backing these politicians
who are putting these policies into
action it's a quid pro quo and you know
I live in one of those states with a
very high incidence of gun violence I
live in Missouri and you know people
like their guns they like guns for
self-protection they like guns for
hunting but people also want responsible
gun laws in our last election we had two
candidates we had guns prominently
featured in their ad one was just firing
openly into a field with his you know
weaponry he's now under a state
investigation and another one Jason
Kander is a veteran who is calling for a
responsible gun regulation and I think
you know you hear from veterans you hear
from police you hear from everyday gun
owners that they don't want their guns
taken away but they do want safety they
do want responsible sensible laws and
they want dirty money out of politics
and if there's a dirtier organization
than the NRA in terms of giving money to
these politicians who are not
representing their constituency they are
representing a corporate body then I
don't know what it is you know and I
think that's a good point at which to
bring in a politician somebody who is
actually dealing with this issue and
dealing with the NRA I want to bring in
US Congressman Matt gets formally a
member of the Florida House of
Representatives now representing the
first District in Florida in the United
States Congress congressman thank you
very much for being here it's good to be
on enjoy so um I'm gonna have a panel
hold on a second I just want to talk to
you because we just saw yesterday the
response of the Florida Legislature
where you used to serve attempting to
respond to the Parkland massacre in some
meaningful way
there is a really amazing story that you
know I highly recommend people read it's
in The New Yorker it talks about the
state of Florida and how it became a gun
Haven and it opens with a story by a man
called Jared Moskowitz and he's a
Democratic member of the Florida House
and he's talking about getting a call
from his wife he used to yeah he
actually went to Marjory Stoneman
Douglas high school he gets a call from
his wife they go because their kids go
to school near that school and just the
harrowing you know feeling of being a
parent not sure what's happening with
your kids and then going to Tallahassee
and being confronted by parents and
Jerrod Moskowitz shakes hands with a guy
named Dan Dailey in this story young
city commissioner in Coral Springs I was
talking to one of the Douglass students
daily said his only words to me were do
something I had to tell him I legally
can't do anything because the governor
could take my job away if I tried
Moskowitz turned to me that's the legacy
of Marion hammer he said and what he was
referring to is a law that Marion hammer
who's the lobbyist in Florida worked to
enact in 2011 during Governor Rick
Scott's first year in office it's a
statute that punishes local officials
who attempt established gun regulations
stricter than those imposed at the state
level officials can be fine thousands of
dollars and removed from office
you backed that bill you push that you
well Marin hammer it seems wrote it and
you know I did your name to it why
shouldn't a local municipality be able
to write their own gun laws because in
the state of Florida we don't want
people to inadvertently become criminals
because they happen to go from one
municipality or one County to another we
have 67 counties and hundreds of
municipalities and we feel that whatever
the gun laws are they ought to exist
equally over the state and apply to all
Floridians the same way Jerrod Moskowitz
is one of my heroes in politics he
actually works in a bipartisan way to
try to find real solutions and I'm
incredibly proud that Jared Moskowitz
and actually Dan Dailey have worked to
help create a system where our mental
health flaws in the screening of people
will be better so they won't return home
to their Arsenal's so I'm proud of the
work of the Florida Legislature to
reform our mental health process where
when someone is deemed a threat when
they are in
the custody of law enforcement or a
mental health facility we're going to
use that time more effectively so that
we can determine whether or not they
should return home to guns and in many
cases they shouldn't and we ought to
have power in the hands of local law
enforcement with due process to ensure
that we've got safer communities but
nothing in my twenty eleven law that
would stop local communities from
creating gun-free zones in any way would
impair that important work and I would
suggest to you that in Florida the last
mass shootings we have had occurred not
in areas where we allow firearms but in
gun-free zones and when you put up a
sign in front of schools that say this
is a gun-free zone I fear unfortunately
you make some of the people at that
school a target and I think we can
correct that at the state level I don't
pack up Allah things that you talked
about you talked about local control but
you your bill essentially says that the
local elected officials that people work
to elect have no power they essentially
are not allowed to even determine
whether or not people are allowed for
instance to shoot guns in local parts
the NRA sued the mayor of Tallahassee
over that interestingly enough this sort
of idea that every place in Florida
should be the Wild West going back to
the 1880s are you aware that you know in
the 1880s in places like Tombstone
Arizona the laws were incredibly strict
Tombstone Arizona had far stricter gun
control laws and it does today the
American West most infamous gun battle
Wyatt Earp was attempting to essentially
enforce local gun ordinances in these
Wild West towns some of the first laws
that they enacted at the local level we
restrict the carrying of firearms and
local city limits so this country has a
long history of local municipalities
making their own decisions about gun
laws and in fact the homicide rate in
those places in the Wild West in the
1880s where they had strict gun laws
where you couldn't carry a gun law a gun
into Tombstone Arizona and these Nissa
polities they actually had much lower
rates of homicides why is it that now in
the modern era local municipality should
have no right to make their own laws
well we've come a long way since the
1880s and we've got even a great we've
got you well some of the highest
homicide rates occur in some of the
local municipalities who have the
strictest gun laws like Chicago liked
Detroit so I don't think you can draw a
comparison between local enhanced gun
control if you've been to Chicago have
you lived in Chicago I've been there
I've not lived there when you were in
Chicago last year in Chicago were you
accosted where did the crime occur
against you because it's interesting the
Republicans seem to have a quite an
obsession with Chicago you represent
Florida so let's talk about Florida John
let's go in Florida you know we don't
want a patchwork of ordinances and laws
in Florida that would have someone just
because they inadvertently cross a
municipal line across the county line
with maybe a rifle locked in the back of
their trunk that could be illegal in
some municipality illegal and it's not
in a state in a park which you guys have
said that's not true sued by the NRA
because they wanted to ban guns apart so
let's go on and you conflated those
parents who have their kids playing in
the park would prefer not to have
somebody walking over to a ar-15 there
let's go back to the bill that you
answered and they could vote to change
state law they've tried but your party
won't let them because NR the NRA says
no I want to go back in my district
there's people who share the values of
the NRA well exceed half of my district
look there are a number of places in
Florida where people really do cherish
the sacrament members how many members
does the NRA have in Florida I think
over a million 300,000 by their own how
many people live in Florida 20 million
20 million so 300,000 people in Florida
are ruling over in making laws for its
twenty million people well but it's not
just the membership of the NRA there's
there's countless people beyond just you
know dues paying members the NRA who
share the goals and values of the NRA to
defend the second that's not according
to the polling the polling says the
overwhelming majority of people want
stricter gun laws I want to go right
back for a moment to what things you've
said I just want to stick with you for
just a moment in this same New Yorker
article it talks about the statute that
you push that punishes local officials
who try to pass gun laws stricter than
state gun laws sponsor the bill was Matt
gets you at the time a 28 year old
Republican state representative
that's the sequence of how each piece is
done representative Dennis Baxley a
close ally of Marion hammer told me
on bills that he sponsors she works on
it with the analyst that's Marian hammer
then I take it over and file it I'm not
picking on the details she essentially
does you know she essentially writes the
bills one more quote here and this is
describing Marian hammers power and
influence get says that one of MS
hammers emails packs more political
punch than a hundred thousand TV buyers
from any special interests in the state
hammer demonstrates a keen understanding
of group identity she and her followers
defending defending a way of life that
is under threat according to her when a
public official breaks ranks hammer
exposes his treacherous actions and
traitorous nature she then invites her
supporters to contact the official tell
him how you feel she says do it today
you also have said that she I mean that
she use a supercharged language
provocative language she keeps her
followers a prize of who's been loyal to
the Second Amendment and who's been
committed who's committed unforgivable
betrayal this is your quote if you're
with Marian ninety five percent of the
time you're a damn traitor
if you're with Marian 95% of the time
rather than a hundred percent you're a
damn traitor if I elect you as a
politician as an elected official why is
it that you are more beholden to Marian
hammer and obedient to her than you are
to your constituents well I'm not I've
disagreed with Marian hammer plenty of
times and she's had a different shirt in
the actual bill that you referenced the
preemption bill I wanted stronger
language to stop any type of backyard
shooting range
Marian was I did Marian wasn't
comfortable with the language I selected
I told her that was the deal if I was
going to be the sponsor of the bill I
wanted to have strong protections for
discharge of firearms rather than just
possession of those firearms and
ultimately that was the way the bill was
drafted and ultimately enacted into law
so there are plenty of circumstances
where special interest groups all over
the political spectrum put an input
because they want to influence
legislation sometimes they're successful
sometimes they're not she's my quote
almost all of the time I want to do one
she is the most successful gun lobbyist
in the country but she doesn't get her
way every time I'll give you an example
she's been fighting to end gun free
zones at schools for nearly a decade
because she's been unsuccessful in that
endeavor
I think if we had highly qualified
highly trained people you if you want
more jobs of course she does she always
does now let's go back to something
you're dead right she wants more guns of
course she does
just like the gun is safer look see one
or two people are qualified to protects
children can wecan are guns allowed to
be carried where you work in Congress I
think they should be frankly in the will
of Congress why don't you pass that law
then you all when I was here when I was
here for orientation it was my first
question in the well of cars and a
gallery of yeah you know what I think we
should be able to bring them to baseball
practice because because when we houses
courthouses I think that there are some
circumstances in courthouses where you
would not want to have guns in a
particular environment why not well
because at courthouses you already have
such strong security that that there is
a way to neutralize school not at school
the school song here at Congress Mike do
you want guns in Congress but on
courthouses in Congress you have over
500 targets that are members yeah we do
we need a force multiplier for the
deputies and school resource officers
and the form of highly qualified highly
traveled SWAT number military bad guide
who was the good guy everyone's carrying
you can have a reporting system where
school superintendents work with
sheriffs to designate marshals to have
them go through law enforcement training
and we're talking about former military
former law enforcement and they could be
a force multiplier and you know what
guys no hire work Marjorie Stoneman
Douglas when you had an armed guard
outside you had a guy was it wasn't a
force multiplier precisely the office of
enforcement department is one dude with
a gun who didn't go inside so you
imagine if the car people had had the
ability to put that shooter down and
what happens if a teacher inadvertently
shoots a student well look we had some
people that's okay we're absolutely
shooting students we had people what
intentionally Sharon inadvertently
shoots the student in the crossfire
but you are making up a hypothetical
that didn't exist rather than dealing
with the fact that medical but could
happen if you have your win everyone's
armed in the school your premise happens
being an accident
and shooters big news I'm gonna bring
him in here Frankford Lucy you are a
person who has worked in closer to this
field that I have certainly do you think
it's a good idea to have armed teachers
shooting it out with mass shooters in
schools I think it's a convenient nice
sounding band-aid approach that actually
has no practicality and no data to
defend it so again we know that the
weapon of choice in these mass shootings
over and over again is an assault rifle
putting a handgun in the hands of a
teacher does not counter the assault
rifle putting it even in police officers
hands as we had multiple deputies
respond in Parkland still didn't work so
we'd be looking at an armory arms race
inside the classroom where now we have
to upgrade to assault rifles for
teachers or shotguns for teachers it
simply doesn't work from a law
enforcement experience background do you
have law enforcement experience
background mr. goats well I was chairman
of the Criminal Justice Committee and I
certainly don't have the same it's not
but but if you look at the Polk County
Sheriff Grady Judd he's got an
incredible law enforcement background
and he's in Tallahassee saying that his
law enforcement officers will be safer
if they can rely on highly qualified
people in classrooms that have the
ability to put down an active shooter
let me get around that now and it puts
our students at risk so we'll just have
a shooting gallery in the schools let's
have a state representative Robert
Ascencio who's in the Florida House and
he actually does have a law enforcement
background he was a police officer and
this is his thought on the idea of
having armed teachers in classrooms I've
been involved in shootouts and I seen
children die as a result of gun violence
now think back
to your eighth grade English teacher
10th grade hard teacher
do not trust them not to panic and do
the right thing do not arm your teachers
fund appropriately public education fund
mental health do ban weapons of war now
congressman that is a elected official
with a law enforcement background do you
know more than he does well it's
hyperbole because he's saying give every
art teacher a gun that's not our
argument he's responding to an argument
we're not making what if I'm not every
teacher teachers are absolutely
absolutely not I want to find the
personnel on campus who have
law-enforcement training who have
military training
if week if we trusted someone to carry a
rifle or carry a weapon in Fallujah to
go fight for our freedom and our liberty
and our interests there I think we could
count on them to carry it in a middle
school or a high school where they would
be able to put down an active shooter so
the notion of play I don't think I want
we want our schools to be full to be
equivalent of Fallujah I think now
should that joy that's your problem
right now you children and their
tireless between a teacher right now
shooter to shoot it out in the school
frankly losing your that's ludicrous
look the combat reference is not helpful
here because they carried fully
automatic weapons like Colt m4 are you
suggesting we take those military
veterans and arm them with Colt m4 's of
course our school and then have course
and then have police respond how do the
police respond when when everyone's
armed and now you've got a crossfire
situation and you don't know who the bad
guy is sure I asked that question of
Sheriff John Rutherford who serves with
me on the Judiciary Committee in
Congress he said if you have good
coordination between school
superintendents and local sheriff's
office you know where your assets are in
place you can have Rapid Response
communication you can quarter off areas
and you can actually have a strategic
approach to an active shooter situation
instead of what we had in parkland which
was one school resource officer scared
for his life waiting outside refusing to
go in again if you gotta forces be a
better chance to win what you're saying
here is that you acknowledge that you
had a trained law enforcement officer
outside of the part
when school outside of Marjory Stoneman
Douglas but and that that person failed
to act that person had probably a
reasonable human fear of running inside
where there was a salt weapons fire but
a teacher with 25 30 100 hours of
training is going to be able to outdo
that police officer does that even sound
logical to you it certainly sounds
logical that you have a better chance
the more people you have that are trying
to neutralize your active shooter you
would put us in a situation where
there's no one that can neutralize the
active shooter that if someone acquires
a gun through a straw man purchase or
illegally from overseas they could come
into a school and now here there is no
one there they can fight back against if
you ever taken live fire sir sure no
okay
so you've never been in a situation
where someone is shooting at you right
correct but you are interpreting that
year in your expertise as somebody who's
never been in law enforcement and never
had anyone shoot at you that a teacher
should be equipped to fire back at a
mass shooter who's prepared to die who
has acquired a weapon that is just below
an m16 the Armalite rifle which was
created for the military by the company
that created it and then sold to Colt
and then they created the m16 it's just
below an m16 you've never experienced
that live fire but you say a teacher
should return fire against a mass
shooter who's prepared to die well they
shouldn't be defenseless when I talk to
my colleagues who were shot at at
baseball practice every last one of them
wish that they had an opportunity to
respond in some way because if Steve
Scalise had missed practiced that day I
would have had dozens of friends and
colleagues dead because frankly Guzzi
you've actually been in situations that
none of us really can relate to the
people who were at that baseball
practice or in school what would be your
guess as to what the response would be
if a mass shooter who is firing a
hundred 100 rounds of every 30 seconds
is firing them what do you think that
they would have done if those
congressmen have been armed because by
the way there were there were armed
people in Las Vegas when that shooter
began spraying the crowd with gunfire
and the armed people there you know they
did they ducked they hid but anyway I'm
gonna let Frank floozie
you've actually got expertise whoa a
couple things one is let's remember how
thankfully that that softball a baseball
practice tragedy ended it ended because
of trained US Capitol Police officers
who knew what they were doing instead of
engaging in a crossfire with other
members of Congress trying to shoot at
each other but I want to talk about just
the last word here this debate that
we've just engaged in for extended
period of time
isn't really about guns in classrooms
it's really an NRA strategy to get us
distracted from the two issues that have
to be addressed assault weapons and
mental health anything other than those
two issues arming teachers bump stocks
it's it's it's a distraction from the
two issues that the NRA doesn't want to
talk we agree on mental health
we absolutely beyond that enough
prattling collection Florida I will just
say it somebody you know who has lived
in I lived in Florida for 14 years and
you know had written two of my kids were
born there I think that your
constituents want you to be obedient to
their wishes and not to the wishes of
the NRA it's just something to think
about and sometimes they're they're very
similar
well well well we're gonna talk about
that more in the next break thank you
very much congressman Matt getting here
more I'm sure after the break I'm so
sorry I'm so sorry to each and every one
of you that is out there attacking us as
witnesses and even some of the victims
of this incident
it's truly saddening to see how many of
you have lost faith in America because
we certainly have it and we're never
going to we might as well stop it out
because we're gonna outlive you
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
