after Donald Trump's Mideast trip
earlier this year Saudi Arabia and the
United Arab Emirates launched an ongoing
political and economic blockade of Qatar
his son-in-law Jared Kushner was
reportedly one of the only White House
advisors encouraging the hardline now
the intercept reports at just a few
months before the crisis cushions real
estate company tried and failed to get a
half billion dollar investment from
cutters a former prime minister that
revelation prompting this headline from
Vanity Fair is Kushner punishing Qatar
over a soured real-estate deal last July
on am joy we were wondering about the
curious coincidence of Jared Kushner's
failure to secure an investment from
Qatar before he reportedly advised
Donald Trump to support the Saudis
damaging blockade against the country
well this week the plot thickened with
an intercept story about a previously
unreported New York meeting last April
just weeks before the blockade in which
Kushner's father unsuccessfully tried to
make a deal with cutters finance
minister to invest in the Kushner's
debt-laden property at 666 Fifth Avenue
joining me now our MSNBC political
contributor Timothy O'Bryan foreign
policy analyst religion Brill and former
State Department senior advisor nyira
hawk and Rula you were on that show with
us on that when we last November we
addressed this issue
attempting to get some answers on it I
want to play a little bit of a clip from
the show that you were actually on and
this was November of 2017 regarding our
attempts to get answers on Jared we did
attempt to get some answers from the
White House just about the Kushner visit
and we put some questions on the table
I'm gonna put them up on the screen we
asked why what was Jared Kushner doing
in Saudi Arabia approximately ten days
before several Saudi princes were
arrested as part of an anti-corruption
probe there we asked was six six Fifth
Avenue discussed with any Saudi official
during the visit has Jared proceeded to
the offers or actual assistance
refinancing or selling the building has
Jared Kushner initiated any contracts
related to the refinancing or sale the
building
so far we have not been able to get
answers from this from the to these
questions from the White House so Rula
you know the it seems that the
leadership in qatar the the royal the
the the at me are there has been
reluctant to really really throw jarrett
under the bus here in terms of admitting
that their failure to help him finance
his building may have been at the root
of their then being blockaded in him
supporting it what do you make of their
kind of reluctance to weigh in because
it does seem that now they may be more
willing to go to robert muller let's put
explain to our audience who are these
countries so we have our relationship
America's relationship with Qatar that
was that has strong economic ties
because of their oil and gas and because
of ExxonMobil and and and what we get
from Qatar but also there's the biggest
military base in the Middle East that
Qatar is hosting Trump principles and
foreign policy was the world is taking
advantage of America they need to pay
more that was his principle Jared
Kushner sent his father as you said
before to get 900 million dollars
actually from the Qataris the deal
collapsed immediately after they Trump
was advised by Kushner against actually
the advice of the State Department and
the Pentagon to back the Saudis and the
Emiratis
in this case Qatar that is now is
punished for three reason once because
of the rivalry between these these
states the Emiratis the Saudis and Qatar
and because of their support to the Arab
Spring but on the other hand Kushner is
punishing them because he's using the
presidency to get some financing for his
trouble building 666 Fifth Avenue what
we are seeing the Qataris are don't want
to meddle in any investigation because
they're really concerned that they will
be punished further by Trump and this
administration joy what we are seeing is
we're seeing two sides of this
administration
and matters that were critical of this
blockade mattis immediately had an arm
deal with the Qataris regardless the
fact that Trump was tweeting against
Qatar in support of the blockade
we discovered that the Emirati
ambassador in Washington DC was lobbying
heavily lobbying Jared Kushner and one
of the reasons why Jared Kushner didn't
have full security clearance is because
our security community does not trust
him because of he's heavily indebted
because this could be his death could be
used as leverage to blackmail him or
bribe him and you know now you're it
this whole situation is unprecedented
first of all but you know you you were a
spokesperson for the State Department is
there any precedent in your memory for a
the cutting out essentially of the
Secretary of State in a matter of such
grave foreign policy as Rula mentioned
Qatar is not an incidental country to
the United States we host thousands I
think more than 10,000 American military
there there's a lot of relationships
with American universities and
universities in Qatar this is a nation
that we've had good relationships with
but to cut that off and to take Saudi
Arabia aside in a blockade of that
country cutting out the Secretary of
State is there any precedent for that
and then to say nothing of the fact that
there may be a tie to jared Krishna's
personal finances there's absolutely no
precedence for cutting out not just the
Secretary of State but to have an
American ambassador sitting in Qatar
literally wake up one morning to find
out that all the Americans that she
represents they're about 15,000
civilians about 12,000 people on base
literally woke up that next morning
realized that they were blockaded on air
land and sea by allies their allies and
that their country abandoned them in
that situation no precedents for that at
all and that is what you have when you
have imbalance the idea of us power in
the region is to have balance not take
sides to use leverage and our status
around the world to do was in the best
interest of the United States not what
is in the best interest of a particular
family and certainly not what is in the
best interest of just the Saudi regime
and let's
clear it is a regime the Mohammed Bill
suntan is the king he is the king of
chaos in the Middle East with him and
the Iranian powers have spread chaos
supported different sides in Syria
different sides in Yemen it is not in
the United States interest at all to
support extremist agendas coming out of
Saudi Arabia but as we saw all you have
to do with the Trump family is throw
them a big party and dance with an orb
and some swords and then they will
definitely back up your interests even
if it undermines the US diplomacy
overseas you know Tim but you know you
know and Michael univer and Chris
Matthews it you know sort of likes to
call the Trump the Romanovs like said
the American Romanovs but there is a
kleptocratic tinge to almost everything
that they're doing if Jared Krister
coming into government not taking a
salary which begs the question well what
is he getting right he's in charge of
this business roundtable where he's
meeting with you know corporations he's
in charge of Middle East policy despite
the fact that his family business does
business with Israeli finance ears with
he's trying to do business with on bond
from China so he's got this dual role we
learned this week that a few things we
learned that officials in four countries
have privately discussed ways they could
manipulate Jared Kushner by taking
advantage of his complex business
arrangements financial difficulties and
lack of foreign policy experience we
learned that Kushner's family business
received loans after White House
meetings with private equity groups
Apollo Capital Management loaning them a
hundred eighty four million dollars in
Citigroup Citigroup three hundred twenty
five million dollars this feels like a
pure kleptocracy at this point I think
you know Donald Trump ran for president
I think initially as a marketing
campaign I don't think he really thought
he was going to win and he's run
repeatedly in the past for the same
purpose to enhance his business
prospects and he came in with a with the
family members around him who had no
experience or I think real interest in
governing but they did have a very
strong interest in using the public
offices of the United States and the
offices of the presidency to possibly
line their own pockets and this last
week has really given us a series of
revelations about Jared Kushner
built upon what we already know over the
last year about Chinese and Russian
financial influence over him
around this picture out quite a bit and
he ends up looking a little bit like
Randall you know the skinny nebulous
lizard in in Monsters Inc who disappears
into the wallpaper and then comes out
again after having listened to
everything in the room and then starts
arranging the pieces to serve his own
needs and what you have this week with
Jared is he's vulnerable because he's an
experienced and in foreign powers know
that at least we know from intelligence
briefings that the UAE China Israel of
Mexico I believe this they know that
he's an easy mark because his business
is in trouble
like the single largest poster child for
his ineptitude in business is 666 in the
bathroom his father goes to prison Jared
gets the family money he over spends on
a building and he's had to spend the
last two years scrambling to keep that
afloat because the Kushner's have a
massive debt yeah rolling down the
tracks at them and now you've got
another category in this the UAE and
Qatar and the Saudis all manipulating
him to their own devices yeah there is a
1.2 billion dollar balloon payment due
on 666 5th Avenue next in January that's
right and that is a heck of a piece of
leverage for a lot of these other
countries to have on an American
official in the White House Tim O'Brien
religion Brill nyira hawk think you guys
are we had less time because we went
long on guns today coming up in our next
hour Steve Bannon is back on the
campaign trail and tread trade Wars
Maryam draft-free
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
