I intend to present a new law perhaps in
coordination with others that are
working on it now that will lead to the
creation of gun violence restraining
orders something that will give law
enforcement and close family members the
option of obtaining a court order to
prevent gun sales or remove guns from
individuals who pose a threat
Florida lawmakers are under growing
pressure to act on gun reform in the
wake of the parkland massacre
even prompting NRA compliance
politicians like Marco Rubio to propose
some modest measures this week and even
though the Florida Legislature refused
to even take up a bill that would ban
assault weapons shortly after the
Parkland massacre with the survivors in
the gallery no less they are now
scrambling to pass multiple gun reform
bills including changes to the minimum
age to purchase a gun like the one
bought legally and used to execute 17
high school students and teachers in
parkland but true to NRA form the
Florida bill would also clear the way
for arming teachers in public schools in
Florida because that's the way the NRA
wants it and in Florida the NRA always
gets what it wants at least for now
joining me to discuss is our Andrew
Gilliam Tallahassee mayor and candidate
for Florida Governor Robert Ascencio a
member of the Florida House of
Representatives on thank you both for
being here and representative a sense
you I'm gonna start by playing of some
video of you this was you on the floor
to have that the floor of the Florida
House talking about this idea of arming
teachers take a listen I've been
involved in shootouts and I've seen
children die as a result of gun violence
now think back to your 8th grade English
teacher
tenth grade hard teachers you have
trusted him not to panic and do the
right thing do not arm your teachers
fund appropriately public education fund
mental health do ban weapons of war and
obviously that is not you on the floor
of the Florida House that's a video that
you did you're a former police officer
and you were making an impassioned plea
not to armed teachers expound on that
force why do you believe it's a bad idea
to put guns in the classroom well I base
that opinion based on 26 years of law
enforcement in an environment that that
deals with school safety I
I trained police officers in a health
trained them and I also command that as
an incident commander officers who not
only responded to school incidents where
there was shootings but I myself also
respond to incidents and I have to tell
you the skill set that it requires to
under an extreme circumstance of mass
shooting where you have all all kinds of
literally chaos going on requires some
specific skill sets that officers are
continuously trained for you know they
continuously are evaluated held to a
standard and I will tell you this if
police officers who train continuously
as I just mentioned commit mistakes
what's going to happen with those
individuals who are limited ly or
trained in the limited fashion I think
it's a very bad situation and and it's
it's it's a cheap fix it's an attempt to
break away from the need and really need
is addressing the problem we have the
epidemic of violence gun violence on the
streets the erosion of dollars from the
public education in public system where
has resulted in less psychologist less
counselors less security force Italy's
and all that cost money it also is a
quick fix to not putting the adequate
money in the in the budget to to really
have police officers present not just in
the schools but at it in the streets
where a lot of these you know incidents
are occurring on a daily basis mhm
you know there's a there's a shift it
feels on Andrew Gilliam in the the
political winds in in that it used to me
that even Democrats were loath to talk
about guns they were sort of afraid to
touch the issue especially in Florida
where Marion hammer is essentially the
permanent governor of the state and
whatever that little four foot six lady
says goes and you know she says jump at
all the lawmakers say how high you
tweeted out this week that you are gonna
take the pledge the no and aremany
pledge which is a national organization
of trying to get people to say they will
never take any money from the NRA you're
running for governor and one of the
other Democrats is running is Gwen
Graham the daughter of the former
governor and former senator and this was
a Gwen Graham and the way that Democrats
used to really portray themselves on
guns this is Gwen Graham back in 2013 I
am a very big supporter of the Second
Amendment as a matter of fact my husband
is in law enforcement and he he wears a
gun in every single day and so I'm a
supporter of the Second Amendment I
certainly think any law and body
law-abiding citizen should not have
their gun taken away from them and this
is Gwen Graham now in response to the
parklands shooting a very different tune
she tweeted Florida's gun laws are
embarrassing and shameful but we can
change them right now Florida Governor
Scott now is the time for action ban
weapons of war like the one used in
parkland not one more enough she's also
running for governor is that a sign of
the way that Democrats will now
henceforth talk about guns in the state
of Florida well I'll tell you the the
Gwen Graham who ran for kwan congress
would not recognize that Gwen Graham
running for governor on the issue of
guns she campaigned on the Second
Amendment you heard in your own quote
and I guess the news flash would be is
that the shooter in parkland did acquire
his guns legally in fact many of the
mass shootings that we've seen in this
country were done at the hands of people
who acquired those weapons of war
legally and of course within no longer
law-abiding citizens after they became
murderers which is why it is that we
have to attack the issue of sulfone
assault rifles while we have to attack
the issue of bump stocks of
high-capacity magazines I'm pleased to
see the congresswoman now campaigning as
a gun
reformed advocate I wish she had
campaigned that way when she ran for
Congress and I'm hopeful that we'll
understand between the two of those
versions of herself which one is the
true one I will tell you I was just in
parkland yesterday registering young
high school students to register to vote
because what I want them to know
regardless of what happens in
Tallahassee today and over the course of
the next week or so on this debate that
ultimately we've got to make sure that
our young people are registered to vote
powered seats nothing without a demand
and the best a man they could make is
one that says if you agree with me we'll
reward you with our vote and if you
disagree with us we're gonna work
assiduously to take you out of office
I appreciate that sentiment I want to
have both of you gentlemen please hang
on I want to add one more voice to this
panel I want to bring in Pamela Keith
she's a Democratic candidate for
Florida's 18th congressional district
running against that current Brian math
and so Pam you were in the military and
so when you're a reservist and and so
explain to us from your point of view
whether or not you think it's a good
idea to put guns into a classroom with
students and teachers joy as a former
naval officer I can tell you that it
takes a great deal of training not just
to hit a target but to be able to do so
when you're under extreme adrenaline
pressure and that's what happens when
you have an active shooter situation is
that the adrenaline is gonna be running
high and in that circumstance it is far
more likely that a teacher is going to
hit another student or an innocent
bystander than to hit an active shooter
and quite frankly if we have 67 million
dollars hanging around in our budget
shouldn't we be spending it on paying
teachers what they're worth I mean this
is a whole new skill set that they're
being asked to take on and you can't
just do that unilaterally you'd have to
collectively bargain that and it would
make bringing teachers into the state of
Florida that much more difficult to be
honest this is just another stupid idea
from the NRA whose entire purpose is
increasing gun sales
our problem is not the NRA our problem
is a GOP that is more loyal to the NRA
than it is to the USA and the only way
to resolve that problem is to vote them
out let's talk about the bill that that
are the bill that says winding its way
through Tallahassee
right now and we'll let all of you write
on that I'm gonna start with you
representative Ascencio the NRA is very
on is very unpopular it's becoming more
unpopular every day to be honest with
you the new economist YouGov poll
february 25th to 27 shows them
underwater at 45 unfavorable 36
favorable and yet their preferred bill
is now erasing its way through the
Florida Legislature that would in fact
cause all 67 counties in Florida
potentially to purchase more guns which
is exactly what little Marion hammer
wants done what are the chances that
that bill can be defeated for our
started with you represent of Ascencio
certainly even as we speak in the Senate
the Senate called a special day to meet
which they're meeting right now in
chambers
I understand there's altogether between
the house and the Senate version is
roughly a hundred a little over a
hundred amendments so this bill is far
from being shaped but I'll tell you this
much in the house let's go to the house
or make an example there 116 members
presently sitting in the house the
majority of them are Republican there's
76 Republicans they only need the
majority 58 59 people to pass a bill
well and they have the authority as they
have the authority to introduce any type
of legislation at any point well they
haven't been able to bring this bill to
the floor because they simply do not
have the numbers wicked-looking
insurance the sheer numbers because if
they did have the 59 members that they
needed to to pass this bill half they
would have brought it to the floor and
here's another point a very good point
to me again
it is a Republican majority who
basically crafts the legislation right
they were weed since we the minority we
have to fight for every bill that that
comes to the floor and gets agenda they
basically pass what they want so really
the fact that they haven't brought it to
the floor and the fact that they had a
tabled it Friday and now we're looking
at bringing it back Monday contingent on
what the Senate comes out today yeah is
very telling and I'll tell you and
that's all do that's all due to to the
students that came up and the parents
this this movement must continue it's
been more to shape policy and we have
been able to do in the last 25 years
so the Andrew Gilliam you have fought
and Marion hammer in court
States cities like yours like
Tallahassee can't even make your own gun
laws you can't even ban guns from parks
- is there a future that we can see of a
Florida where you as mayor of
Tallahassee can stop people from
carrying an ar-15 into the city park
well I tell you you're right they suit
us because we said you can't shoot guns
in city parks which is a radical notion
you can't shoot guns in parks where our
kids play and our families picnic and
they thought that was so radical that
they took us through court because
Florida law allows them to take on
individual elected officials and drag us
through court for a public policy
difference I have to say just on this
piece of legislation the Republicans
know exactly what they're doing they
inserted the poison pill of arming
teachers with weapons rather than with
salary increases because they knew that
Democrats would not support that piece
of legislation I wish I could be less
cynical but I believe that they're doing
exactly what they want they want nothing
to happen and last word to you Pamela
Keith you're running for the United
States Congress is this a time in which
you can run affirmative Leon gun reform
well I think you have to run on what
your true beliefs are no matter what the
time is I want to remind the viewers
that Florida is the Stand Your Ground
trayvon martin state which means that
anybody can have a subjective belief
that they are in danger and use lethal
force and now they want to introduce
that into the classrooms where our
children's play basically dramatically
increasing the day to day risk of lethal
force just so it could mitigate the
once-in-a-lifetime risk of an active
shooter so I totally disagree with that
I have been campaigning actively on gun
reform since 2015 and I do so because
that is my conviction that more guns
does not increase safety at all and I
believe that that's the right thing to
do whether it's politically expedient or
not
well three Florida politicians who are
not afraid of Marion ham are not afraid
of the NRA good to talk to you to let
people know that there there are some
brave politicians in Florida mayor
Andrew Gilliam state representative
Robert Ascencio and Pamela Keith thank
you all and still to come to jewelry
Thank You white lies that's next
hey there are miss Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
