Bob Muller now probing if Jarrod
Kushner's foreign business ties are
influencing White House policy he's
asking witnesses about Kushner's efforts
to get money for family real estate
properties including those discussions
with individuals reppin Qatar Turkey
Russia China UAE the issue is whether
Kushner shaped these policies to benefit
or retaliate against those he spoke to
what's the implication well you can
probably tell the idea is that kind of
conduct if it did occur would form the
basis of criminal charges take Qatar
this is where Kushner met with the
nations former prime minister at Trump
Tower who just happened to also be
talking to Kushner's family about
investing in their most important
property the debt-ridden
666 5th Avenue now after the deal fell
through the White House strongly backed
an economically punishing blockade
against Qatar the officials there say
maybe that blockade was some kind of
cushion retaliation I want to be clear
tonight there are also possible other
innocent explanations and Bob Miller's
not just gonna take the word of anyone
let alone the word of foreign diplomats
who may have their own geopolitical
agenda he's not going to do that without
evidence but if there is evidence that
Kushner's debts or financing goals
corrupted US government policy you can
bet mothers looking for it joining me
now is attorney Maya Wiley a former
counsel to the mayor of New York City
and Natasha Bertrand a staff writer at
the Atlantic you cover this story in and
out what do you think of these new
facets with Kushner who has famously
been dealing with a lot of debt on his
company side well it's entirely
unsurprising right Kushner came into
this administration having not actually
divested himself from any of his school
from the vast vast majority of his
interest in Kushner companies and he
came into the to the transition period
and to the end to the White House the
administration with this six-six-six 5th
avenue debt very very heavily on his
mind he was does it ever weird you out
that the building that they owe now
close to a billion on is literally like
Lucifer's address I mean been a number
of New York jokes and I mean
or a movie and they were like ah the
thing is that that would be too much and
it's been it's been like the devil on
their shoulders I mean it's been
impossible for them to to get rid of
basically and they've been there are
over a billion dollars in debts and
they've been looking for a wealthy
investor to kind of revamp that building
which they bought over about a decade
ago now they reached out to Qatar they
even reached out to Russia at one point
Russia Jared Kushner had that meeting
with the CEO of a sanctioned Russian
bank in December and of course that was
around the time that he tried to set up
that back channel to Moscow let me take
it to my on on the legal part as a
lawyer there's a lot of things people do
that are sleazy duplicitous poor
judgment
just downright stupid that aren't that
aren't crimes when you look at this do
you think Miller really sees an actual
federal statute here oh yeah there
actually is a criminal conflict of
interest law and so if it is as it
appears and we don't know and mole or
may not know yet there's no question
that there could be a criminal violation
here I think the the problem for the
White House is that anything that habit
looks like there's a connection between
an interest and a decision you make
creates the optics that you're dirty and
any investigator that gets hold of that
is going to look for public corruption
and this in the context where you
already have an investigation with any
number of potential criminal law
violations means of course you're gonna
go down that so what would the violation
look like knowingly trying to abuse the
position that's right so if you are a
person with the government job unless
you're the president actually Trump is
the only person who would be exempt
under this particular statute when Jared
Kushner Ivanka Trump they are not and so
if you are gaining any financial
interest in exchange for your basically
your position in office that would be a
real conflict of interest if you
knowingly did that and this is all
against a backdrop of witnesses leaking
about what they've been asked about so
it gives a hint to what molars looking
at I on my show that airs at 6:00 p.m.
the be had a rare thing in Maya you were
there for it an eight
Trump who had come straight from
basically his Muller interview and he
talked to us about his experience and
then he made news by basically
implicating Donald Trump jr. in a
problem a take a look I think it's
probably probable at that meeting with
Don jr. I am sure Don jr. reported to
his father what they had heard I don't
think there's anything wrong with that
by the way you think Don jr. told his
father everything he was hearing about
getting offers of dirt yes I'm sure he
did I'm sure - that's what I'm thinking
I was thinking oh my god I cannot
believe he just said that and does he
have a law degree for real because it's
not that that alone would establish the
crime I mean the fact that Donald Trump
was told by his son hey look we can get
some dirt on Clinton and use it for the
campaign that in and of itself wouldn't
necessarily prove the violation but it
certainly establishes one of the
elements that you need to get to that
and on top of that Don Jr reportedly
testified to Congress that he didn't
tell his father absolutely but we
already know that there have been a
number of inconsistencies in this
investigation does it surprise you how
much we are learning I mean I mentioned
this point to some degree in the in the
top of the show how much we're learning
from the actual principles you know in
the new jay-z album 444 he says why do
y'all tell on yourself and you see this
it seems some of these people are
publicly telling on themselves I think
there is one of two things are happening
and I'm guessing here but two things
appear to be happening one is an
incredible ignorant of the law and
enough arrogance that they don't
actually get really good and follow
really good legal advice figure that's
an arrogance you agree totally I mean I
also think that there's a certain degree
of warfare going on between different
factions of Trump loyalists or people
who have been kicked out of the campaign
like Sam number was so I I think it is
important to note that same number
definitely has a bone to pick with
people in Trump's orbit that means that
with regard to everything that we
already know about Donald Trump jr. his
lifetime of trying to seek approval from
his father
pretty much
not doing anything without letting his
father know about it first it's been
well reported that that's the case it
would be very very difficult to believe
if he had received an email from this
music publicist last year offering dirt
on Hillary Clinton from the Russians and
didn't immediately tell his father so
your assessment analysis is you don't
see Don jr. as a highly independent
operator in the Trump landscape no I
think it's I think it's pretty well
understood that even when they were when
even when Donald Trump was just running
his organization and Donald Trump jr.
was helping him do that there was no
decision that was yeah I was Donald
Trump's approval I was just kidding I
don't think Don jr. I mean come on can
we make one other point so Ivanka Trump
has the same problem that Jared Kushner
has I mean she has she actually had a
meeting in April back in April with the
president of China and the exact same
day she had that meeting she had her
company got three trademark approvals
from the from China right Maya Wiley and
Natasha Bertrand thank you both this was
very interesting
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
