unglued that is Donald Trump's current
condition at least according to an
inside source who just spoke to NBC News
and while many may say Donald Trump's
presidency isn't exactly known for being
very glued together to begin with this
week's chaos has been pretty intense
even grading on any kind of say Trump
curve think about the new reports that
the Malheur probe is now eyeing Jared
Kushner and whether his debt and
business issues drove any foreign policy
corruption inside the Trump White House
mother's team asking witnesses about
Krishna's efforts to secure financing
for his family's real estate properties
discussions during the transition from
individuals from Qatar Turkey Russia
China and the UAE we have more on that
tonight Plus which country actually says
it has evidence on Kushner right now
though I want to begin with our top
story and that's the way the Bob
Miller's heat may be reshaping Donald
Trump's inner circle as we know it
reports the Trump wants his own family
out while Trump does quote never told
Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump they
should keep serving in their roles the
New York Times reports that actually
he's privately asking chief of staff
John Kelly for help in moving them out
think about the intrigue and deception
that's packed just into that single line
of reporting we have a president /
father pushing to fire his kids through
an intermediary wall denying it to them
what's the point of that whole deception
if Kelly does fire the kids
the ploy lasts until what the next
family meal
as for Jared Kushner his weak standing
in the Trump versus Kelly paradigm
exposed for all to see this week when
Trump left in place chief of staff
Kelly's downgrade of Kushner his middle
east envoys access to intelligence why
does that matter well if Jerry Kushner
can't get Trump to sign a piece of paper
to keep his Intel access how certain is
he that he can get Trump to help him
keep his job now the intrigue does not
mean the Trump has been sitting idle in
fact he pledged new blanket tariffs on
imports we're going to be instituting
tariffs
next week we'll be signing it'll be 25%
for steel it'll be 10% for a little bit
of it'll be for a long period of time a
long period of time and that surprise
announcement raveling the stock market
angering some allies reports that the
backdrop for this economic action was
actually Trump's other headaches and
that the report he is unglued came after
quote hope Hicks testimony the lawmakers
investigating Russian interference on
the conduct by his embattled Attorney
General Jeff Sessions as well as the
treatment of as we've been discussing
son-in-law Jared Kushner by his chief of
staff Trump angry and gunning for a
fight the sources say and he chose a
trade war which may be why the
announcement had no messaging remarks
prepared no legislative strategy that is
the scene leaked by insiders and those
are people who say they want Trump to
succeed now he's pushing back the trade
wars are good and easy to win maybe so
our celebrity feuds because Trump also
took a shot at this guy
thanks so much your show is so great
huge ratings of course not as big as the
ratings for my State of the Union speech
which was watched by 10 billion people
including all of China
they say there's only 7 billion people
on earth so where the other three
billion come from illegals I don't know
Donald Trump with all this going on that
I just told you about began the day
blasting Alec Baldwin and arguing that
instead actor Darrell Hammond should
play him I'm not gonna read the whole
tweet because it's not actually that
newsworthy based on its content it's
only even mentionable based on its
context because we are bearing witness
to a man who built his career as an
entertainer playing a character now
promoted to the top job with real power
real things to do and what is he focused
on today the other entertainers who play
his character it would all be funny if
it all weren't so ominous
joining me now is Susan page Washington
bureau chief for USA Today Austan
Goolsbee former chairman of the Council
of Economic
for President Obama and professor of
economics they were to Chicago and here
at Ana the president of the Center for
American Progress
Neera it's Friday night I begin with you
maybe you could make us all feel better
or at least give us your truth sadly I
do not think I'm going to make anyone
feel better I worked for two presidents
I worked even for president he was going
through an impeachment and I have never
seen anything like the spectacle of this
week and the idea that the President of
the United States would start a trade
war kind of off-the-cuff in which we do
have allies our actual allies now
discussing retaliation against different
elements of American industry from
harley-davidson to to bourbon and from
Kentucky strikes me as a kind of lunacy
the American presidency hasn't seen in
my lifetime well Austin oh are we on a
trade war and please address me like I
know nothing about tariffs because I
know nothing about tariffs okay you know
nothing about tariffs we might be in a
trade war we fired a shot it was
intended to be shot at China but now
will you come to find out China's not
even one of the major steel exporters to
the United States the biggest steel
exporters to the United States are our
military allies Canada Germany Japan
Korea so the question is how do those
countries react to us doing this
hopefully they will keep this measured
but Ari I guess I was gonna just object
you your criticism of the president for
at a time like this being concerned
about Saturday Night Live I'm begging
the people in the White House to get the
Saturday Night Live's and just show him
reruns of Saturday Night Live
yet his thinking off of policy because
this when he thinks about policy it's
quite terrifying well let me read to you
though in all fairness to the president
his rebuttal and I want to mention some
of it is in all caps we must protect our
country our workers our steel industry
and then in all-caps Austin he writes if
you don't have steel you don't have a
country and as you know Austin because
I'm sure you're hip with the internet if
it's moving all caps it's shouting look
I don't think the president is fully up
on the historic precedents that trade
wars lead to depressions but I wish
somebody there would go tell him that I
think this is the consequence of having
a hundred plus people who don't have a
security clearance so they can't review
intelligence briefings and they're gonna
make decisions I understand that they
made this trade decision without even
telling the staff the major economic
advisors didn't even know he was gonna
announce it right well Susan here's Alec
Baldwin's response to this yes this is
this is real life agony though it may be
I'd like to hang in there for the
impeachment hearings the resignation
speech The Farewell helicopter ride to
Mara Lago you know the good stuff that
we've all been waiting for Susan maybe
you can tie it all together for us is
that the feud the Donald Trump wants
because he does like attacking the the
famous people the people that he he
really never felt fully accepted by
according to a lot of a lot of accounts
of his life and that now as president he
feels further spurned by which in his
own mind is a kind of a tragic sad thing
and how do you tie that together with
the reporting I just mentioned that says
something very serious serious for
people whose jobs are affected here I
mean this the steel stuff is real
because this is real consumer issues and
real jobs is that this was all according
to the reporting partly a way for him to
suit himself and find a new fight with
all the other fights he's apparently
losing this week you know what Strykers
said she worked for two presidents I've
covered six presidents and there have
been times when previous presidents have
had rough patches you know you think
about the economic crisis President
Obama faced or the aftermath of 9/11
or the impeachment period for for
President Clinton what makes this
different it seems to me is that the
crises that this White House faces are
almost entirely self created and it
raises I think them it raises many it's
funny in some ways it raises some
serious concerns the most serious
concern is how will this White House
react when a real crisis erupts either
an economic crisis or a foreign policy
crisis of a very serious story that will
happen that will happen during during
president Trump's term in office and it
just it this this is what made this week
particularly crystallized I think
concerns about the ability of this White
House to respond to the the big problems
that that we know are ahead we don't
know exactly what they're going to be
but we know there will be a crisis ahead
how are they handling well there I guess
I would say you know I totally hear as
Susan and she's 100% right but the
problem is Donald Trump himself does
seem to create these crises you know one
can argue about the merits of tariffs or
not the idea that you would just sort of
rolled them out at the end of your
remarks not tell your allies not tell
your State Department not tell your own
Economic Council just sort of
willy-nilly stated out there give really
very little justification I mean the
possibilities here for what it's going
to do two jobs and costs and inflation
prices for consumers and the idea that
he just sort of willy-nilly did that I
think that's what's deeply worrying is
he's creating possible crises for the
country you know we hire a President to
protect us from emergencies or problems
not to create them for us well I mean
there you put it so well in one sec I'm
gonna get you what segments here just to
follow up on that point is it does it
sort of bum you out or is it sort of
kind of remarkable that we're living
through a period of time where if you
have whatever it is 300 million people
in the United States you have one of the
most important far-reaching jobs it's
the job the presidency it affects
everyone else and it's as you and you're
telling it's being filled by someone who
has almost no interest whatsoever in how
to do the job
yeah and you know when I think I think
Austin is right when he's actually
interested in policy it doesn't seem to
go well I mean I would prefer feuds with
Alec Baldwin or response to you know
Oprah Winfrey because that doesn't
actually affect anyone's lives thing
yeah when prices go up for cars and and
goods you know that's that's that could
be deeply worrying so I think you know I
what I'm what I'm optimistic about is
does see more and more Americans think
this is insane and ridiculous and
opposed Trump so you know we'll have the
midterm elections and hopefully there
will be an actual check on this behavior
Austin look take a step back you can see
you're not blind the President of the
United States has massive impulse
control problems that the President of
the United States has impulse control
problems is about the most terrifying
thing that has ever happened in this
country so I I don't quite know how to
process it the fact that they're now
talking about firing the president's
children has me wondering who are they
going to get to replace them I mean what
how deluded would you have to be to walk
into the middle of this situation now
well Susan to that point
look at this reporting about Jared
Kushner and sort of his fallen
reputation within the White House
Washington Post says colleagues now
privately mocked Kushner as a shadow of
his former self
one official likening the work of
Kushner's office of American innovation
to headlines in the onion it's a
terrible news website of course as you
know Susan it's not that private that
mocking if it's in the paper and on the
news well there's a civil war going on
in this White House as there has been
almost from the start and and certainly
Jared Kushner has been a combatant in
that against some figures now the chief
of staff John Kelly seems to prevailed
over Jared Kushner at the moment there
have long been there's long been
speculation that that Ivanka and Jared
Kushner would go but a rocket trunk and
Jared Kushner wouldn't move back to New
York that's certain
a possibility but it is and in fact many
its there are multiple people at the
White House who might be interested in
other jobs you can imagine that after
how exhausting it must be after a year
in this in this White House but I think
it also makes a good point just just to
be near the White and I think that the
the idea that it will be hard to find
people with experience high quality
people with experience in Washington and
policymaking to take those jobs I think
that is again one more thing to worry
about when you think about the good of
the country and the need to have a
well-functioning White House Austin go
ahead no III as you might imagine I
totally agree with with that sentiment I
mean I think it's not to under we should
not understate the damage that this
trade war would do if they actually
enacted I'm hopeful that he got himself
worked up about something and that when
people start telling him wait a minute
this is gonna lead to thousands of
Americans losing their jobs and the
price of all bunch of stuffed cars and
Sue and Airstream trailers and all the
people who are affected by that it's
going to be a negative I'm hoping that
he backs away from it and it becomes
just one of the one more of the things
that he said that he doesn't care you
know well I don't wanna have a segment
talking about the beginnings of
recession in this country well and
that's a major statement given that the
economy is the one thing that whether he
gets credit for it or not given that
these gains have been going since the
previous administration's policies the
one thing that might have been helping
him in perception as for your hope
Austin now's the part of the segment
where I read you a new thing from Donald
Trump he says quote when a country taxes
our products coming in and say 50% and
we tax the same product coming into our
country at zero all caps not fair or
smart will soon be starting all caps
reciprocal taxes so that we will charge
the same thing as they charge us 800
billion dollars trade deficit have no
choice so that's where he's at he's not
he's not backing down can I just can I
just add look there is a reason to be
concerned about the u.s. competition
with China and the thing
the China does III take that point I
think what's disconcerting to Americans
and should be disconcerting too I think
really people around the world is that
the you know that we have a president
that sort of shoots from the hip on
these things and doesn't communicate
them to our own allies who are now
exploring retaliations I mean perhaps
there was some other step he could take
I think that the big issue here about
the chaos is that we have had a year and
a half of chaos there have been moments
where the chaos seems less or the chaos
seems more but essentially I mean
talking about Jared Kushner he was
fighting with Steve Bannon a year ago
now there's some new person he's
fighting with these these people are not
putting the public interest and like
American interests ahead of their own
petty squabbles and ahead of you know
just being normal functioning White
House staff won't care about what
actually happens to the American you
make a great point and I go to Susan to
to round it all out to close it out help
us Susan because I think what neo just
said is actually also very significant
if you will it is the epistemology of
the pettiness of the information chain
that we have why don't we know so much
bad stuff about so many of these people
why did we know so much about Jared
Krishna's conflicts of interest well if
you read fire in fury or you look at the
reporting we have or you look at how
many sources are essentially ID'd as
current or recent Trump aids we only
know all this terrible truth stuff
because they're all leaking it out about
each other that's right it's like a
competitive leaking competition there I
mean we really never seen anything where
we know so much through the leaking in
through the tweeting by the president we
know so much about the internal workings
of this White House that we haven't
known about a previous one and I think
that that has contributed to a a really
deep sense of unease on the part of of
Americans you know Americans think the
economy is doing well they say we're in
a in a recovery and yet they still sixty
percent say this country has gotten off
track
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
