or something absolutely wild happening
right now in West Virginia that scene
you just saw is from the Capitol
building in Charleston where teachers
now on their seventh day of a wildcat
unauthorized strike are giving a warm
welcome to a supporter who's come to
visit that's supporter the man you saw
talking the is a democratic state
senator named Richard a Jetta a tattooed
tough-talking army vet running for
Congress but has become something of a
celebrity movement and all this is
happening in one of the most
conservative states in the Union
remember this is the heart a coal
country this is where we held a town
hall to talk to voters in Trump country
this is where the Democratic governor
announced he was switching the
Republican Party with Donald Trump by
his side and this this is the place
where 20,000 teachers from every single
last one of the 55 counties in the state
are engaged in a week-long grassroots
strike over their salaries and crucially
rising insurance premiums and those
teachers who live in a state that's
spent years cutting taxes over and over
for businesses and watching its revenue
shrink and people whose pay ranks 48th
in the entire nation those teachers are
still taking care of their students
while their schools are closed they have
pulled their own money to host free
lunches and hand out bags of food making
food making sure the 67% sixty seven
percent of West Virginia kids who
qualify for free or reduced-price meals
at school are still getting fed now we
don't know how much longer this strike
will go on the governor announced a plan
to raise salaries by five percent early
this week but teachers said note no they
are holding out there on strike to fix
the state health insurance plan which
they says is too expensive
AAA is too expensive we do know that
this kind of thing we are seeing is very
rare strikes almost basically never
happen any more in America and strikes
like this pulled up by workers who do
not even have collective bargaining
rights in their own state those are
merely unheard of recently it's really a
testament to the turbulence of the
political moment we live in that whole
new vistas of mass action are certainly
coming into view and I would venture
that there is yet more over the horizon
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
