now to our special report tonight when
can a White House aides refusal to
answer questions become obstruction of
justice it's a big question as to White
House message gurus are out hope Hicks
and Joshua fell communications director
hope Hicks is resigning
she told the committee that her work for
the president required her to tell white
lies did you find her to be forthcoming
no she was not forthcoming Republicans
insisting that hope Hicks faced an
unfair line of questioning Democrats say
she was playing the same card as Steve
Bannon ducking key questions about her
time in the executive branch without
actually saying she was invoking
executive privilege
initially it was made clear to us that
the White House had given miss Hicks the
same instructions that were given to
Steve Bannon and that is not to answer
any questions pertaining to the
transition or to her time in the
administration and only to answer
questions up until the end of the
campaign the Trump White House is hope
Hicks departure had been planned for a
while but it came a day after that
interview with Russia investigators and
it appeared rushed to point Republican
Bill Kristol made about Hicks and Rafael
last night on this show
Josh Bravo I think that's how his name
is pronounced who was the kind of
communications person for Jared Kushner
and Ivanka Trump basically and then hope
Hicks obviously who were the two people
involved by all accounts in the July 8th
2017 Air Force One a statement that
misleadingly falsely said that the
meeting with Don Jr was just about
adoptions those two I think all the
press accounts have those two working on
the statement and phone calls on the
statement hope Hicks apparently telling
Corral later the emails will never come
out I really wondering Weller has those
two in a position where they can't stay
in the White House but it is interesting
that no one expected either of them I
think particularly to leave at this
point and suddenly they're both out
within the last week that's the theory
maybe they are leaving because of
exposure in the Millar probe whatever
the reason Hicks is leaving Crystal's
right
she was Trump's key confidant and
communicator in the room when that false
misleading statement was written
now she's the one other key a trying to
halfway invoke executive privilege the
legal history is instructive because
playing games with AIDS invoking
executive privilege was part of Nixon's
undoing in Watergate while the idea that
the president has the right to keep some
of his documents to himself is an old
idea the claim of executive privilege is
relatively new in our history when
President Nixon has pushed it to its
limits the President it√≠d States
directed a person on his staff who was
accused of a crime to appear before a
Senate committee with respect to it an
examination of that criminal conduct
that person in my opinion should not
appear and could not appear that was bad
for Nixon a trusted journalist John
Chancellor giving Americans the legal
facts about this broad use of executive
privilege Nixon knew it was bad we know
he knew because lordy there were tapes
Nixon knew he was covering up his aides
knowledge of Watergate and that aide
John Ehrlichman who would later go to
jail for obstruction was plotting with
others on a new term for pushing a
cover-up while trying to make it seem
like they were letting some details out
they called it a quote modified limited
hangout
- modified limited hangout but here is
where that Nixon White House strategy
has echoes for Trump Nixon telling his
aides to do a kind of limited hangout
with investigators while using executive
privilege to duck questions that could
expose his crimes and here's how the
congressional Watergate report exposed
that very trick alleging Nixon used a
new strategy to keep criminal liability
from Nixon's aides to use executive
privilege in a cover-up and that same
report house investigators busted Nixon
for it noting the president worked with
Ehrlichman on a revised strategy called
a modified limited hangout including a
limited waiver of executive privilege
for White House aides does that sound
familiar right now when these key Trump
aids face the Russia investigators on
the hill they say they can't talk about
Trump's executive White House tenure
while also saying hey we're not formally
invoking executive privilege it's become
fashionable when people analyze this
stuff to kind of dismiss Trump as
thoughtless or impulsive don't rule out
other options because it could be a
canny strategy that having watched
Nixon's fall White House lawyers don't
ever want to admit they are pushing
executive privilege let alone a modified
limited hangout and here's why what
Trump's lawyers certainly know and what
the investigators who drafted Nixon's
articles of impeachment know is that yes
the abuse of executive privilege was
literally part of the basis for the
obstruction articles against Nixon in
his impeachment again let me show you
that report because it concludes that
Nixon tried to quote cover-up the facts
of Watergate and attempted to extend
executive privilege to former aides and
invoke the doctrine to prevent their
testimony just let that sink in Nixon's
abuse of executive privilege for aides
was itself key to the obstruction an
impeachment case against him it's worth
bearing in mind as the Trump White House
now Stonewall's investigators but
insists it's not really invoking
executive
duritz trying some kind of modified
half-way executive privilege but there's
no such thing as halfway privilege just
as there's no such thing as halfway
crooks we know that truth from the great
poet havoc of Mobb Deep who observed
that true criminal minds are always
thirsty for recognition but you don't
see longevity from halfway crooks
because they always end up shook and
that's the big problem facing any White
House pursuing a cover-up with halfway
privilege joining me now for an
exclusive interview tonight on the beat
Michael Conway served as counsel of the
House Judiciary Committee he literally
helped write the articles of impeachment
I just quoted there against Nixon as
well as our special friend Howard
Fineman as well as a contributor to
nbcnews.com Michael when you see it laid
out and you think back to the way
executive privilege was used in what you
and your colleagues wrote what are the
echoes for Trump it was a huge mistake
45 years ago it's a huge mistake today
you can impede an investigation of
Congress and there's a criminal statute
and title 18 USC that says it's a crime
to impede anyway a congressional
investigation a committee investigation
refusing to answer questions that are
legitimate investigatory questions is
impeding an investigation I think
they're walking the same plank that was
walked 45 years ago hmm Howard well I've
got to say Ari this piece that you just
did which i think is crucial to
understanding what's going on here
reminds me of some conversations I had
with Donald Trump himself when he was
running for president he'd rap more or
less wrapped up the nomination I was in
his office in in Trump Tower and Henry
Kissinger had just been in and and I and
I said wow that must have been
interesting you could learn a lot about
China from Henry Kissinger right and
Donald Trump said no I wasn't interested
in that I was interested in what he had
to say about Nixon and
and the fact is that that Donald Trump
has always been fascinated by everything
about Richard Nixon the whole story now
whether Donald Trump had his lawyer look
into this whole question I seriously
doubt but if his lawyers came to him and
said look mr. president this kind of
thing got Richard Nixon in trouble don't
tell your people to claim executive
privilege
that's something that would certainly
get Donald Trump's attention fully aware
of the whole Nixon story in his own
Trumpy and kind of way hmm so Michael
the the question that anyone would ask
thinking through this is do the Trump
folks get away with anything more by
doing it half way by claiming they're
not really doing it well I guess the one
thing is if they're they're not lying
and they're not committing perjury but
and many of the Nixon White House aides
actually took the extra step and lied to
Congress right and committed crimes but
I think they're still impeding the
investigation I think what the White
House is trying to do is have the
pretext of cooperation and yet behind
closed doors and remember these are an
executive session for the most part we
don't know the questions and answers
they can invoke the privilege without
having the political consequences of
seeing people stonewall in the very tape
you referred to President Nixon in that
March 22 meeting back in the White House
said when people listen to John
Chancellor who was then the prominent
never newscaster and they hear that I'm
invoking executive privilege and say
what's he hiding and I think that's what
president Trump's trying to avoid the
question what's he hiding
yeah and Howard that goes to hope Hicks
being so central she is this is the
biggest thing for Donald Trump in the
sense that she's the person that no one
expected to leave now and yet she was
centrally involved in these false
statements and and then what she says to
Congress appears to be her way in a
setting where she would have more
punishment for lying to acknowledge that
there was previous quote white lies
right in assuming that there's no taping
system active in the Oval Office and
around Donald Trump right now I think
that's another thing you probably
learned from Richard Nixon don't do that
hope Hicks is the closest thing to a
taping system she was around Donald
Trump every minute right he loved having
her around he relied on her he was
calmed and her president focused in her
presence the sort of deputy daughter if
you will she's the closest thing to a
continuous record of everything Donald
Trump said and did through the campaign
through the transition and the
presidency no wonder she left yeah it's
it well you put it well as you often do
Howard hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
