what did the Russians do that Trump knew
about look at this new NPR report that
says the Russians used the NRA for
example to access American politics or
the report I mentioned that motors
investigators are asking whether Trump
specifically knew about not only the
Putin hack but what was the nature of
their meetings a relationship to Trump
once bragged about have you ever met the
guy I met him once I do have a
relationship and I can tell you that
he's very interested in what we're doing
here today well I went to Russia with
the Miss Universe pageant he contacted
me and was so nice I owned the Miss
Universe pageant we just left Moscow he
could not have been nicer he was so nice
and so everything I was in Moscow
recently and I spoke indirectly and
directly with President Putin I met him
he was nice he contacted me we spoke
directly indirectly I'm running out of
fingers now look at what Trump says I
have nothing to do with Russia nothing
to do I never met Putin I never met
Putin I don't know who Burton is I don't
know Putin I think it would be great if
we get along with Russia because we
could fight Isis together as an example
but I don't know Putin and that's not
all there's a key Russian lawmaker
saying that he met with Trump as well
thanks to the NRA this is Alexander
tortion he's a Putin Ally with a
government post there the meeting with
Trump apparently in 2015 at the NRA
convention we also know of course this
gentleman was at the Republican
convention in 2016 and Donald Trump jr.
admits the two of them met there a lot
to get to and we have a foreign policy
scholar max boot a senior fellow at the
Council on Foreign Relations his latest
Washington Post piece declares the Trump
administration is in an unethical league
all its own as well as Bobby Chacon a
retired FBI special agent and attorney
thank you both max you look at that all
laid out what does it mean to you it
means to me that I can't wait for Robert
Muller to get Donald Trump under oath
and to ask him the very questions that
you're asking I mean this is part of the
reason why his lawyers are so resistant
to that idea of course because they
don't know what the heck Trump is going
to say because he's contradicting
himself so many times he can't keep his
lies straight
hmm Bobby yeah well I mean mr. torsions
uh his activity on behalf of whoever on
behalf of the NGO his own government I
would presumably really puts the first
foot soldier of the Russian government
into our election process right and it
goes far back I mean he was an election
observer in 2012 so he's been hanging
around our political process for a
number of years so now you combine that
with everything else we know about
Russia's attempts to influence our
election in 2016 and it really shows you
I mean this is the first time we're
getting a name and a face of you know
potentially like I said a foot soldier
on the ground in the US to facilitate
some of these activities right it's like
sometimes it looks even more developed
and then previously thought Bobby just
from your view as an investigator I
wonder what you think of the footage I'm
about to play where are famously
loquacious president suddenly has a no
comment answer for the thing that we
were just discussing with max which is
that he is completely flip-flopped on
the very fact of his prior bragging
about meeting Putin take a look about
Russia you were asked yesterday if
you've ever spoken to Vladimir Putin and
you said I don't want to say yeah I have
no comment people thinks people like
about you is too yeah because if let's
assume I did perhaps it was personal you
know I don't want to I don't want to
hurt his confidence let's assume I did
I'm Bobby he almost is getting into
Carter page sentence structure territory
there what does it say to you as an
investigator who you used to try to spot
lies for a living well I mean clearly
he's he's being deceptive he's not he
doesn't want to answer the question he
only must admitted that so I you know
his his stated reason that he doesn't
want to hurt mr. Putin's confidence or
whatever he he said clearly is you know
is is a way to upper scape that the fact
that he doesn't want it said there's
question a question that he's answered
before so it becomes even more
problematic that he's on the record
answering this before and now he doesn't
want to answer it directly when he's
already answered it before it was a
question that's never come up it's
different but it's a question that's
come up in numerous times previously and
he's issued as pretty consistent answer
and now all of a sudden he doesn't want
to
to that question so to me if I was
questioning him of course there's a
difference between a report or me but if
there's a if I was questioning a Florida
past that the big difference is you're
tougher than us reporters no no
sometimes we have a little bit more at
our disposal to you know to put pressure
on people to answer questions yeah yeah
I know what you mean well I think I
think we've I think we've nailed it max
I think it's clear that he's lying about
the past meetings with Putin that he
used to claim and why is he lying is the
big question the bret baier rarely do
you see him like that say well yeah no
comment
sam nunn berg worked for donald trump he
just got out of his meetings with Muller
which makes him a very interesting
person to hear from and I can say from
working our sources we rarely get
witnesses who sit with Muller and then
come out and talk directly about it he
did on this show take a listen I think
if a lot of were Putin had a plot like
this he would have involved
Donald Trump because I would I would be
able to keep his mouth shut about it
you're saying he would be I'd say he
would hurt thought it would hurt a lot
of her pooted he was saying he was um in
your view is innocent because he would
be such a sloppy co-conspirator you said
it like that I'll say it this way that I
think they have a lot of rapport it
would be too careful I don't buy it
because I don't think that Putin is that
concerned about hiding his tracks in the
very fact that his intervention has
become known is actually rebounding to
Russia's benefit in some ways because
it's throwing all this extra chaos into
the American political system and it's
enhancing his reputation as this
kingmaker this guy who determined the
destiny of American politics so it's not
going to be too long I think before dot
before Putin starts bragging about his
intervention rather than denying it
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
