can you believe this White House really
can you believe it
can you believe this president on guns
or on tariffs can you believe the White
House is attempts at cleaning up both
how can you this White House Copts a
line for Trump can you believe how
little they've been able to manage him
can you believe how totally unprepared
they were for the president's decision
yesterday to basically start a trade war
can you believe the pace of the Russia
probe and what Muller is reportedly
asking about Trump what about the
president's obsession with this
investigation can you believe how
quickly all of the chaos has decimated
his inner circle of advisers or how mad
he remains at his own attorney general
and his Deputy Attorney General or that
he said what he said about alec baldwin
this week he seems to be angry or at him
than vladimir putin can you believe this
white house Exodus look at how isolated
this president appears right now can you
believe the mess Jared Kushner is in can
you believe President Trump wants him
out of the west wing
can you believe what the chief of staff
John Kelly is saying right now can you
believe how many White House
controversies are flying under the radar
conflicts of interest cabinet
controversy sketchy business arrangement
suspicious stock trades and so on
that's all in a for folks whether you're
shocked at all of this or satin
exhilarated exhausted confused angry
overjoyed apathetic can you believe this
White House seriously can you believe it
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
