I want to remind you that the NRA is not
the only gun lobby in town there are
several gun rights groups out there and
some are more hardline than the NRA I
know a lot of you are gonna get crazy
with me calling the NRA hardline fine
I'm happy with that the National
Association for gun rights says it has
about four and a half million members
the group says it accepts no compromise
on gun control The Daily Beast reports
that it has spent at least fourteen
million dollars lobbying Congress over
the last four years all right let's take
a look at gun owners of America it is
also says it's considered the no
compromise gun lobby with 1.5 million
members it says it spent about five
million dollars lobbying Congress it
calls president Trump's proposed ban on
bump stocks a gross infringement of
second Amendment rights the Zelman
partisans is a group whose motto is Jews
guns no compromise no surrender no
details are available about how many
members it has its website says it's a
group of Jews and friends who not only
stand for the right to bear arms but
believe firearms are crucial genocide
prevention tools guitarist Ted Nugent is
an honorary member of this group who
visited the White House I want to say
six months ago with Kid Rock and Sarah
Palin correct that is absolutely right
another group is the Second Amendment
Foundation it's not hardline like the
others it calls itself the most
efficient pro rights pro-gun rights
group it has nearly six hundred and
fifty thousand members and says it's not
involved in politics or lobbying and
these groups are mobilizing in this new
gun debate in the last two days gun
owners of america sent out two action
alerts telling members to not only call
their representatives but president
trumps office as well to demand he drop
his quote anti-gun agenda and if he
doesn't let him know that you're you
will quote remember him in november this
is the kind of stuff that's out there
that is not the nra just so you know not
at the nra all right let's bring in dr.
Garen wintemute an emergency room doctor
who has dedicated his life to the study
and prevention of gun violence for that
we thank him he is one of the first
doctors to examine gun violence as a
public health epidemic we've been
talking about that all week and
even donated more than a million dollars
of his own money to keep his research
going doctor first thank you second
welcome over the last 30 years you've
been conducting your own research
getting your own gun sellers licensed to
see how these pro-gun groups work as I
said even spending more than a million
bucks what did you learned we've learned
a lot we've learned about some of the
risk factors for firearm violence we've
learned a fair amount not nearly enough
about interventions that work and
frankly some that don't we're in the
process of doing some work that I think
will help us fine tune some
interventions that are widely supported
such as background checks for firearm
purchases so that they'll work even
better than they do already dr. this is
an interesting concept that you're
involved in because the NRA frames
discussions on gun control as as being
around the Second Amendment about a
constitutional right that cannot be
infringed you and others think about it
as a public health issue tell me how you
make that case if I were to drop in from
Mars and say tell me about this gun
thing as a public health issue what
should I be considering sure first off
the the Supreme Court has has also held
that the Second Amendment like others is
subject to reasonable restriction the
the best argument in favor of seeing
violence as a public health problem I've
ever heard was put forward by David
Satcher who at the time was headed CDC
and he said look if filin sizzling and
why are all these people dying from it
it's it's really in some ways quite
simple firearm violence alone takes more
than 30,000 lives a year let me put this
in perspective in the last 10 years or
any ten-year period recently that you
care to name we've had more civilians
died from firearm violence in the United
States than we had combat fatalities in
world war two we call that a significant
health and safety problem then you tell
us why hasn't the CDC really studied
this in decades I'm sorry could you
repeat that why hasn't the CDC study
this in decades what has stopped them
yes 20-some years ago
see was funding research into this area
we had a program funded by CDC at the
time and led by congressman named Jay
Dickey Congress took from CDC the money
that it was using to fund work on
firearm violence gave that money back to
CDC earmarked for another purpose and
inserted into CDC's budget language and
it's now part of the budget language for
all of the Department of Health and
Human Services that federal funds could
not be used to advocate or promote gun
control given how that was done
CDC took that de-facto if not de jure as
an order not to conduct research and
they have not
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
