well I'd say that it's a very scary time
for young men in America when you can be
guilty of something that you may not be
guilty of it this is a very very is a
very difficult time President Trump said
again tonight at the rally that any man
could find himself falsely accused that
it's happened to him several times at
tonight's rally in Mississippi from
which he has just returned he called it
a sad situation let's bring in our
friend Steve Schmidt political veteran
of the bush White House the McCain
presidential campaign among others
so Steve the president went there
tonight a full-on attack of dr. Ford
from the podium
we just heard him say it's a scary time
for young men tell me what an audience
of three people is likely to make of all
of this and that is flake Collins and
Murkowski who with every passing day get
more critical to this Supreme Court
choice well the battle lines are being
drawn here is Buffalo Springfield one
set Brian and on one side of it are
decent people and on the other side of
it are in decent people and when you
look at the president's indecency
tonight presuming that Jeff Flake Susan
Collins and Lisa Murkowski are all
decent people then they're going to be
as horrified and offended as the rest of
us you know what Donald Trump show
tonight is he is as contemptible as he
is vulgar he is as cruel as he is
dishonest no American citizen deserves
that treatment from the head of state
from the commander-in-chief from the
President of the United States of
America steward of an office once
inhabited by men like George Washington
and Abraham Lincoln and so these
senators are going to have to make a
decision and that decision is simple
does lying matter does integrity count
kind of sitting federal judge make
dishonest statements about small and
trivial things and get on to the Supreme
Court and so that question is an
important one because our institutions
in this country are under assault
our judicial system the Supreme Court
the Senate the Senate Judiciary
Committee when you look at the
performance of someone like Lindsey
Graham for example his angry tirade the
smallness of a small man a principal
esteem is the degradation of 242 years
of institutions to enhance the pursuit
of happiness and to defend American
democracy and liberate Liberty it's it's
beyond awful it's tragic
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
