NBC News has a new exclusive report on
the battle inside the White House that
produced what some fear may result in a
trade war and the co-author that piece
is my colleague Stephanie ruhle who
joins me now Stephanie this meeting was
on the agenda we knew that this meeting
was going to take place how did the
president come to participate in it say
what no no no no let's back it up there
was no meeting so on Wednesday president
Trump was in really bad form he was in a
vulnerable state disappointed about who
picks John Kelly versus Jared Kushner
Jeff Sessions and while he was in that
vulnerable State remember he doesn't
have Rob Porter vetting things anymore
Wilbur Ross the Commerce Secretary made
his way in will Ross then says there's
going to be a meeting at the White House
tomorrow at 11:00 a.m. with steel
executives he did not divulge the name
of who those executives were John Kelly
didn't know the names of who those
executives were so there wasn't time to
vet them not a secret security no secret
security clearance so just walk through
this there's a meeting that Wilbur Ross
says is now going to happen that has no
approved remarks for the president for
the meeting there is no diplomatic
strategy for how we're going to tell
foreign partners there's no legislative
strategy for how you're going to alert
Congress yet
Wilbur Ross's Department in the late
hours of Wednesday evening cobble
together an email to say this is what
we're doing and that then gets leaked
out to your point that there's a meeting
about to happen but it's really
important to note no one at the State
Department the Treasury Department or
the Department of Defense knew anything
was going to happen in fact according to
my source the White House counsel's
office said they were one and a half to
two weeks away to even reviewing the
steel industry and possible tariffs they
simply weren't prepared now the White
House has pushed back they spoke to my
colleague on this Peter Alexander and
said hold on the communications
department was prepared well that's
different the comms team and they also
said it's no surprise everyone in the
world knows how President Trump feels
about trading trade wars well sure we
know how he feels but he feels a lot of
things so it's Wilbur Ross and Peter
Navarro pushing this they pushed this on
the campaign trail just like Peter
Navarro pushed the fact that China was a
currency manipulator you heard President
Trump say that time and again on the
trail he
one and then Gary cone trotted him over
to the Treasury Department Stephen
Newton and said look at this model we
punched these numbers in with every
currency they're not a currency
manipulator and then President Trump
said oh yes they're not so to simply say
everyone in the world knows how Trump
feels sure but it doesn't mean that it's
fact-based policy and now you've heard
that from Ben Sasse you've heard it from
Orrin Hatch but I think what's important
about this reporting shows you've got
the Commerce Department on a Wednesday
night
hijacking the White House as well as the
Department of the defense and the rest
of the other Brando's diplomatic
strategy no legislative strategy there's
a line in your piece with Peter that
stood out to me circumstances set him
off in a way to officials said they'd
never seen before what explains the mood
or what explains why President Trump
barged into this meeting and did what he
did he needed somebody to have a fight
with President Trump needed to punch
somebody wasn't gonna go after his own
team what could he do about the Jared
Kushner situation and of course we've
got a Russia investigation happening and
guess what Wilbur Ross did while the
president was sort of left there angry
and vulnerable and to what I heard from
inside sources and the White House
unhinged Wolverine and said you want
somebody to hit hit China here's the
problem mr. Ross putting these tariffs
on steel and aluminum doesn't actually
hit China not so hard
definitely thank you very much an
incredible piece you can read at
nbcnews.com Stephanie ruhle joining me
here in New York hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
