Republican Congressional Committee
Republican congressman Steve Stivers of
Ohio congressman good to have you with
us you're a good morning to have you on
for a number of reasons but a particular
because you come from a state of Ohio
that would be heavily impacted by a
steel tariffs the auto making industry
for example you said you heard about
this idea early yesterday morning tried
to intervene in some way to stop it what
happened next well you know
unfortunately you know I don't agree
with with the direction on this one and
and the president was elected he gets to
make the call and he made the call but
you know we'll see where it goes as long
as this is a standalone issue it it
might not be catastrophic I don't think
it's a good idea
I don't think trade wars in well as long
as it doesn't ratchet up and get worse
for our economy I think we can get
through this but you know there are a
lot of folks who use steel you know hi
ode there are a few people who make
steel but there are a lot more people
that use steel didn't make steel and
there are other ways to deal with
dumping like the World Trade
Organization we could actually do
complaints there there are other things
we can do to handle there are legitimate
issues that the president's trying to
address here with dumping that I think
there was a better way to address it you
weren't alone in trying to intervene
there were people inside the West Wing
Gary cone talked to the president
yesterday morning said tariffs are a
terrible idea
who do you think prevailed upon him over
the advice of people like you I don't
try to get in the middle of what happens
I think in the end the president
prevailed he did what he wanted to do
and made the decision he thought was
right and you know he's the president
the United States he gets a chance to
make those decisions
congressman justice cover here can you
tried to explain to people who may not
understand how how much this would hurt
car makers across the Midwest the same
car makers that the United States
decided to bail out after 2008 and even
though I usually loathe to bail out any
companies I actually supported the auto
bailout because I knew wasn't only the
car makers but it was also the chain of
businesses underneath the car makers
that would be devastated what's the
impact of this sort of tariffs and how
many of those car makers may just decide
you know what we will go to Mexico and
sell our cars because we'll have cheaper
steel and can produce cheaper cars and
then send them to America for people to
buy well I think it will have a little
bit of an impact and we'll just have to
wait and see how it shakes out but one
of the things that happens when you put
a tariff on an item is the domestic
price comes up because it's protected so
it'll raise some prices for suppliers
not just in autos but anybody that cans
anything whether it's beer or vegetables
or the canning industry anybody that
uses steel so it'll have an impact but
this thing was just announced yesterday
it hasn't been implemented yet I think
there's some time to work on it and
we'll see what happens in and you
there's a legitimate disagreement among
some people about whether it will work
or not I do not believe that tariff is a
good idea but you know certainly there
are some people who think it is a good
idea and we just need to come to a
common understanding and make sure we
don't get ourselves into a trade war
because the problem with this is
there'll be people retaliated against us
from other countries yeah because when
they see our tariffs they're gonna add
tariffs and you know it doesn't usually
end well we just need to at least
contain it and hopefully maybe even stop
it yeah congressman I want to ask you
just shift away from this a little bit
just like take a look down the field
here at the politics of 2018 I talked
about this on the show before a couple
of occasions you know the generic ballot
has kind of looked a little bit better
for Republicans for a couple weeks there
and now seems to have kind of shifted
back in the Democratic direction you
guys have had a lot more retirements
from the party member committee chairs
if you look out there right now make the
case for me that there's not a blue wave
that's about to engulf you guys in 2018
sure I don't think there's a blue wave
because I think our policies are working
unemployment at a 50-year low consumer
confidence that near record highs the
economy is doing very well on the
foreign policy and military front we're
doing better in Afghanistan we're doing
better in Iraq and we're doing better
pushing back in Syria we're making a
difference in people's lives the tax cut
is not only putting money in their
pockets but improving their job
prospects we're gonna campaign on our
policies and I feel really comfortable
you know
generic ballot you talked about it was
one poll we just went through the
Olympics I would treat that like the
Russian judge and throw that one out
because frankly if you look at the
sample it had 35% Democrats 21%
Republicans that explains a 15%
advantage in the generic ballot right
there except except for the fact that
Democrats just keep winning special
elections you know not just all
throughout 2017 in special elections
either they're winning them or even the
ones where they're losing they're
closing their you know closing gaps 30
points 40 points in some cases what just
point we're on electoral politics where
can you say we - as a sign of optimism
well Georgia six that we had our special
election but let me tell you special
elections have such low turnout people
are only coming out for that it's there
is clearly democratic excitement
advantage but we proved in Georgia six
you know how to motivate our voters and
get them out as you stand what I'm gonna
ask you just as a as a Republican
congressional congressman obviously guns
front center and obviously sir a lot of
your folks letter your partners say well
let's raise the age to 21 maybe and bum
stocks and background checks but you dad
I've a five-year-old and we all want our
kids to be safe and I'm for the things
you just talked about to that point yeah
and dad to dad because everything else I
find it just doesn't matter until we get
those sort weapons you can't believe as
a dad that we should have a son and I
don't have a slippery slope the sir
don't have a dad discussion that assault
weapons that military attack weapons
belong in our stores belong available to
Massacre children you can't as a not a
Republican not as an NRA
not not as you can't believe that that's
right that these weapons should be
available that could kill our children
if not forbid a million times that was
one of your truck would you actually
talk to me as a dad and say I will and
I'm and I'm a dad
and I'm for some issues on guns but I'm
also I've been in the military 34 years
I'm a brigadier general in the Army
National Guard and I can tell you an
ar-15 is nothing like an m16 or m4
because what matters is not the cosmetic
features and what it looks like on the
outside
it's the guts and what it does on the
inside and an m4 and m16 have automatic
fire a an ar-15 is a semi-automatic
weapon
it is not a military weapon it is mint
or was it somebody can go in but and
kill 50 people with one sweep I'm not
talking about just a super gun I'm
talking about we all have children and
that's why many of us are for getting
rid of bump stocks and any device that
takes a semi-automatic weapon and turns
it into the characteristics of an
automatic weapon there are two point
five million ar-15s in this country
already and unless you're gonna go in
and get rid of those we need to be
talking holistically about school safety
we need to require every school to have
a plan we need to have them assess what
they need and give them grants to give
them help for what they need we need to
address guns I believe that we need to
look at our gun policies and figure out
what we can get done there's a bill
that's a bipartisan bill in the Senate
from Senator corker and Senator Murphy
that I believe we need to take up
immediately and get done I think we need
to do something about mental health and
we need to have a conversation about in
our society it's not legislated about
how we treat each other that's why Joyce
baby and I started a civility and
respect caucus and there's a lot of
bullying going on you know sometimes
it's in our schools sometimes it's on
cable news and we need to talk about the
the fact that how we treat each other
and how that matters and what bullying
means to people as parents we need to
look at what we're letting our kids be
exposed to with violent video games and
violent movies Congress right you know
we I mean I certainly agree with all of
that and I think those are all things
that are very important especially
important since we have a leader that
doesn't show respect to other people and
bullies and on social media but I just
want to go back really quickly and and
and and challenge you just on you saying
that a ar-15s don't resemble
military-style West emblem in cosmetic
features which is no not it's not just
cosmetics though I mean you can talk to
Brian masse who as you know congressman
from from South Florida Republican
who's a war hero who lost his legs in in
Afghanistan saying that an ar-15 is much
like the weapons that he used in war
I've talked to Vietnam vets who were
over in Vietnam for four years I've read
reports in the Pentagon saying that one
of the problems with Vietnam is that
they didn't use an ar-15 which has a
lower cal caliber so it kicks less you
can you don't have the problem that they
had carrying around the heavier weapons
in Vietnam it's lighter you can you can
shoot more you can kill more people and
the Pentagon and a lot of other people
and studies found that actually the
ar-15 was a far more lethal weapon than
weapons that our soldiers used in
Vietnam and many people thought and
we're saying after Vietnam sort of an
after-action report that one of the
mistakes was that we didn't let our
soldiers use ar-15 because they would
have killed more Vietcong so I I'm
you're one of the few people that have
fought in the military that suggests it
doesn't bear a remarkable resemblance to
a weapon of war canned you don't want to
there's they were remarkable cosmetic
resemblance look at the inside of the
weapon and what it does and the rate of
fire that's what determines what the
weapon can do and so it's not about what
it looks like on the outside right
charging handle whether it has a flash
suppressor it's about what the weapon
can do and frankly I agree we need to do
some things on guns I'm not here saying
we shouldn't write deal with guns I'm
saying that frankly we need to get
something done and get something done
immediately that can make a difference
but we write a holistic approach Joe if
we don't do a holistic approach it's
really not going to have an impact I
completely agree with you and a holistic
approach we've been talking about it
since Newtown and all the things that
you talked about I agree with completely
I just instead of asking you the
question again just just again I'm sure
you're more of an expert on this than I
am but again it's far more than
cosmetics that makes the ar-15 a far
more lethal weapon again the Pentagon
and other experts saying a far more
lethal weapon than even what our
soldiers you
in Vietnam I've not seen that study Joe
and frankly an m16 is far more lethal
than an ar-15 far more lethal because of
the rate of fire they use similar
calibers but an m16 which we used in
Vietnam is far more lethal weapon
because of the rate of fire but you know
congressman people watching this will
say this you're having a semantic
argument about the cosmetics of a gun
and it was enough to kill 17 high school
kids it was enough wipe out a classroom
full of it wasn't and that's why we need
action and we need to make something
happen immediately and we need to talk
about school safety get rid of the
assault weapons you know what we need to
talk about weapons ok ok ok let's be
respectful and congressmen we greatly
appreciate you being with us and we
really appreciate your service to
America in uniform and yes your service
here and also for coming and talking to
us about this respectfully we're we're
in debt weren't indebted to you thank
you so much sure Thank You congressman
thank you to being there still ahead
president Trump repeatedly has called
the Russia provo witch-hunt but there's
reporting this morning that Special
Counsel Robert Muller is eyeing new
charges that's coming up on Morning Joe
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
