the New York Times reported late last
year that it all started because of the
demon drink Times reported that the
FBI's counterintelligence investigation
on the Russian matter began during the
campaign because of some drunken talk by
Trump foreign policy advisor George
papadopolis quote during a night of
heavy drinking at an upscale London bar
in May 2016 George papadopolis a young
foreign policy adviser to the Trump
campaign made a startling revelation to
Australia's top diplomat in Britain he
said that Russia had political dirt on
Hillary Clinton that is what triggered
the FBI investigation when the Special
Counsel charged
George papadopolis with lying to the FBI
in October we got a little more about
where that drunken talk had come from
quote on or about April 26 2016 the
professor a professor from Malta named
Joseph Masood mysterious character told
defendant George papadopolis that they
the Russians have dirt on her the
Russians had emails of Clinton they have
thousands of emails George papadopolis
bragged about that to a guy in a bar
drunkenly in May 2016 but he really had
been told about at the month before in
April 2016 and it turned out to be true
I mean it was drunken smack talk when he
bragged about it to this Australian guy
but it was true information the Russians
did have thousands of emails that they
stole from the Democrats and the Clinton
campaign and thanks to mr. drunky pants
and his eventual guilty plea we know
that before those stolen Democratic
emails started appearing online in July
the Trump campaign at least one member
of the campaign knew that Russia had him
knew was aware that Russia had those
emails aware about it enough to brag
about it in a bar over a few drinks at
least that guy on the Trump campaign
knew Russia had committed that crime by
breaking in and stealing all that stuff
from the Democratic Party and the
Clinton campaign so we knew that and
then this week we got the other part of
it this weekend we got that 10 page memo
from the Democrats on the Intelligence
Committee that was in part about their
ongoing fighting with the Republicans on
that committee but but
also give us some very specific new
information about this investigation
like this important line from page six
quote DOJ appropriately provided the
court with a comprehensive explanation
of Russia's election interference
including evidence that Russian agents
previewed their hack and dissemination
of stolen emails that last line their
Russian agents previewed previewed their
hack and dissemination of stolen emails
that is new and that's potentially a big
deal I mean knowing the Russians had
these stolen emails is one thing but
hacking in to computer servers from the
Democratic Party in the Clinton campaign
to steal those documents that's a crime
and disseminating those emails in an
attempt to alter the election is also
likely to be a crime if Russia previewed
to the Trump campaign that they were
going to commit those crimes before they
actually committed them well that's
trouble and we know about that trouble
thanks to that memo that Adam Schiff and
the other intelligence Democrats just
released and and now it seems not just
important but critically important if
this new NBC reporting is correct that a
new round of indictments is coming about
that's gonna be related to this part of
the Russian attack and that molars team
is now asking witnesses directly if the
President himself is one of the people
on the campaign who got that that
preview that preview of what the
Russians were doing before they actually
did it congressman Adam Schiff is the
top Democrat on the House Intelligence
Committee and he joins us now
congressman thank you for being here you
bet I am
reading a lot into that specific line in
the memo that you and other Democrats on
house Intel released I am reading into
that in part because you yourself have
done a few interviews about it you have
talked about that as something that is
in fact new information this wasn't just
the same information we had before
phrased in a different way this is the
first time that we're learning that
Russia previewed for at least one person
on the Trump campaign that they were
going to disseminate this stuff that
they had stole it well that's exactly
right and it is significant because we
know from the guilty plea and the
statement of the PAP
Bellus offense that the russians told
him hey we have stolen Clinton or DNC
emails we know from the FISA application
and what the Justice Department allowed
us to share in our memo that they
previewed the dissemination that they
could basically anonymously publish
these emails
that's an April before the Clinton
campaign campaign even knows the
Russians have those emails so a few
weeks later when the president's son
takes this meeting in Trump Tower with
the Russians with this lawyer sent out
from Moscow from the for the purpose
with the promise of incriminating
information about Hillary Clinton as
part of the Russian government's effort
to help Donald Trump what's done Jr's
response if it's what I think it is I
would love it what does he think it is
does he think it is emails because
Papadopoulos was told the Russians
haven't and the Russians are prepared to
disseminate it it's certainly one very
plausible explanation of what he was
expecting it would also explain of
course why he was so deeply disappointed
that what they produced at this meeting
wasn't what was expected now shortly
after that meeting when word goes out of
that meeting that the Trump campaign at
the highest levels wants Russian help
but they're disappointed in what we
produced at the meeting within days of
that Julian Assange announces he has
received stolen Clinton emails which we
now know he got from the Russians so it
is significant and again it's another
piece of the puzzle I think that when
you know when I saw that indictment of
the 13 Russians and all its detailed and
whatnot
what left out at me is the same thing
that left out at you which is there's no
discussion of the hacking and
dissemination of the emails now why is
that I can tell you one thing it's not
because of a lack of evidence that the
Russians did all this there's abundant
evidence that could have been included
indeed if that were the going to be the
end of the story it would have been
included because you'd want to make the
most complete and powerful case against
what the Russians did and these two
things complement each other they
explained the whole story or a larger
part of the story so why don't you do it
you don't do it if you're not ready for
some reason on that piece and it's not
because they weren't ready on the
Russian piece it may be because they
were
ready on the collusion piece that is
with us persons be included in that
conspiracy to defraud the US and violate
u.s. election laws so I don't know that
Muller's reached a conclusion about
whether he can prove that beyond a
reasonable doubt or not but it seems to
me that the reason you don't include
that in the first indictment is you're
still working on that part of the
investigation and you are speaking not
just as the top Democrat on the
Intelligence Committee but also as a
former prosecutor yourself and
conspiracy I think is one of those
things that means different things in
layman's language than it does in legal
terms but if we're talking about a crime
being committed which is the stealing of
the documents the way that Moeller
defined conspiracy to defraud the United
States and some of his earlier
indictments I think that we may also see
I can imagine him also describing the
dissemination of those documents back to
the US public in an effort to influence
the election as also being a criminal
act if a person was aware that criminal
actions like that were taking place that
a theft had happened that the proceeds
of that theft were going to be used to
commit another crime if somebody was
made aware of that is just that
awareness itself does that create some
sort of responsibility do you have to go
to the authorities with it if you cheer
for that action without doing anything
to stop it
is that also potentially criminal
liability do you actively have to be
helping and be part of what they're
doing in their criminal acts to be part
of a conspiracy where's the line in
terms of just bad behavior versus
getting indicted yeah well one of the
reasons why I've used the term collusion
rather than a conspiracy to violate
sections such and such and such and such
is the bar shouldn't be set so low as
what was a crime it ought to be an
athlete of the whole country
that if the Trump campaign was aware of
what the Russians were doing had a
preview of what the Russians we're doing
urged the Russians to do it you had
Donald Trump speaking publicly saying
hey Russians if you're listening hack
Hillary's emails you'll be richly
rewarded if that message had gotten to
the candidate and the candidate is out
there egging them on whether it's a
crime or not it ought to be condemned by
the whole country Democrats and
Republicans alike now what does it take
to prove a case or what does it take to
even indicted
I think there there has to be a meeting
of the minds between the campaign of the
Russians okay we're gonna do this there
has to be some overt act it doesn't
necessarily have to be an over act on
the Trump campaigns part but there has
to be an agreement and I think what what
Bob Muller may be looking at and
weighing is if you compare this to
Watergate there was a lot of evidence of
Nixon's involvement in Watergate even
insiders like Dean who spoke in
voluminous detail about conversations
with the president it was the recordings
that made the difference though that
gave the the Congress and the country
enough evidence that warranted his
removal Bob Muller may be trying to
weigh what does it take in this kind of
environment to prove this kind of a case
but I don't think we should set the bar
so low that's Bob Muller's job it's our
job to tell the country what happened to
protect the country from happening again
but also to condemn unethical conduct
whether it meets the standard of
conspiracy or not well condemn it and
yeah potentially potentially bring about
some sort of accountability for it and
that's a different that's a different
standard in terms of congressional
investigation than it is for this for
this criminal investigation that Muller
is doing congressman Adam chef top
Democrat on the House Intelligence
Committee working on a committee right
now that seems to be pulling apart at
the seams right now but hanging in there
thank you very much for being with us
tonight sir it's really good to have you
here thank you all right we've got a lot
more to come stay with us hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
