today White House chief of staff John
Kelly who was president Trump's first
Secretary of Homeland Security attended
an event for the Department of Homeland
Security to join a panel discussion of
former secretaries celebrating the 15th
anniversary of Washington's youngest
gigantic bureaucracy the Department of
Homeland Security I was just open by
saying I have almost no right to be up
here on this stage and when I was in the
department is one of you every day I
went truly at six months the last thing
I wanted to do is walk away from one of
the great honors of my life being the
Secretary of Homeland Security but I did
something wrong and God punished me I
guess
John Kelly became White House chief of
staff
after Reince Priebus failed in that job
to contain the chaos of the White House
since John Kelly took over that job the
chaos of the White House has only gotten
worse much much worse Axios reports
sources close to the president Trump say
he is in a bad place
mad as hell about the internal chaos and
the sense that things are unraveling NBC
News is reporting today that another top
White House official may be leaving
quote the White House is preparing to
replace HR McMaster as National Security
Advisor as early as next month in a move
orchestrated by chief of staff John
Kelly and defense secretary James
Madison - five people familiar with the
discussions and political reports
economic adviser Gary Cohn former head
of the investment bank Goldman Sachs
could also be headed for the exit after
the president defied Kahn's advice and
announced today that he intends to
impose tariffs on imported steel and
imported aluminum we're going to be
instituting tariffs next week will be
siding perhaps some of you folks will be
here
twenty-five percent for steel it'll be
ten percent for a little bit it'll be
for a long time if that looked to you
like the president was making up on the
spot that's why it looked to some White
House staffers who were surprised by
that the plan was not to announce that
today according to some reports the only
way the president can raise tariffs by
executive order is to cite a national
security need to do so otherwise
Congress has complete jurisdiction over
tariffs and Congress could pass
legislation that blocks the president's
action if the president actually does
take this action that he spontaneously
announced today the stock market reacted
badly to it today
dropping 420 points because Wall Street
knows that tariffs are actually taxes
and those taxes are not actually paid by
foreign countries they are actually paid
by American consumers in effect Wall
Street also knows that tariffs increase
the cost of imported goods and also
increase the cost of goods produced in
the United States the president got zero
support not surprisingly for this idea
in Congress today here's the reaction of
Republican senator orrin hatch who is
the chairman of the Senate Finance
Committee which has jurisdiction over
international trade and tariffs this
could turn everything the other way
that's gonna turn around and bite
American citizens with much higher taxes
much higher much higher costs and and
and it's going to discombobulated our
whole inter international trading system
so I I'm very upset about it as you can
see during us now Kimberly Atkins chief
Washington reporter and columnist for
the Boston Herald and an MSNBC
contributor also joining us David Fromm
senior editor for the Atlantic and
author of the New York Times best seller
Trump accuracy the corruption of the
American Republican and Kimberly this
report from inside the White House the
president's
is quite angry about the situation that
this chaos situation as it exists today
and actually has the feeling that things
are unraveling which is a feeling I
think was available to him on day one of
his presidency yeah I mean look this is
a chaos president it's a term that was I
believe coined by Jeb Bush and in a way
the president likes that he likes doing
things differently keeping every keeping
everybody and everything on their toes
I even like some of the internal push
and poll that can happen but I think
what we've seen over the last week
really exceeded that and if the
announcement of this tariff was meant to
sort of change the subject it actually
has done quite the opposite it seems to
have caused a lot more consternation
both within the White House with Gary
Cohen who's somebody who had already
contemplating leaving and was urged by a
lot of Republicans to stay in there
because they didn't know who else might
come in and they wanted him to stay on
and be some sort of stabilizing force
you know possibly leaving over this
again because of the impact that it's
likely to have on a lot of US companies
and and caught potentially cost us jobs
in that sense so it doesn't seem to be
getting any better it does it's also
worth noting that the the ultimate
decision and the announcement the very
hasty announcement was made while
General Kelly was at the was at the
Homeland Security Department
participating in this event he sort of
was out of the office and all of a
sudden this this came down while he
wasn't there to sort of oversee and keep
things in order so it's just everyday it
seems to be a new series of crises
within this White House that is keeping
the president from sticking to the
agenda that he wants to stick to and
David Frum there's two ways to talk
about the tariff announcement today one
is the actual policy of it which
obviously hasn't been thought through by
the president but the other is the chaos
the chaotic way in which it all tumbled
out and no one else in the White House
was planning to do it that way today
coupled with the chaos of the the
churning of personnel the hope Hicks
departure now National Security Adviser
seems to be on his way out well the
president likes surprises but there will
be nothing less surprising than the
outcome of what he's just done the last
time the United States experimented with
steel tariffs back in the first Bush
administration in 2002 they lasted 30
months the best estimate afterwards was
that the impact of those tariffs on
American end-users of steel automobiles
because the construction industry was a
loss of 200,000 jobs which was greater
than the total employment in the steel
industry at that time at this at this
point the steel of course employs fewer
people the impact of aluminum may be
even worse it's going to hit beverages
it's aviation it hits cars as we make
cars fuel-efficient cars are made more
and more out of aluminum and it hits
construction too
the consequences of this inside the
United States are going to be tough the
consequences for the world are going to
be tougher the president I think
imagines that he's hitting China but
China actually exports relatively little
steel to the United States we set the
biggest exporters yield to the United
States Canada in third place by the way
is South Korea and just to think about
this yesterday on the editorial page of
The Wall Street Journal one of the
leading candidates to replace HR
McMaster John Bolton proposed a plan for
a pre-emptive attack on North Korea
today which has some weird people in
South Korea out that's the last thing
they want but the second last thing they
want is what they got today which is a
trade war attack on South Korean
industry by their supposed friend and
protector of the United States and
Kimberly on the National Security
Adviser
front this is a position that when
filled does not require Senate
confirmation so it really is one of
those jobs that can go to anyone and of
course we all remember about President
Trump's first choice for that job
Michael Flynn has now pled guilty
federal crimes of lying to the FBI yeah
I mean it's a job that yes no it doesn't
require Senate confirmation but as we've
seen from that it certainly should
require some vetting because it is an
important position and you don't want to
have
get a warning from the Justice
Department that your national security
adviser is susceptible to blackmail the
way that President Trump didn't you
certainly don't want him to end up
getting indicted but in this is just
another example the president putting
someone in who he thought would be good
at general but that seemingly not
working out
and general McMaster sort of seeking an
exit and and the White House sort of
helping facilitate that what's coming
now with the rapid departures and look
in any presidential administration there
is some turnover particularly at the
beginning but this is exceeding what is
normal by any standard and it's becoming
really difficult to think about who is
going to replace the people in these
positions who are people who can who can
be vetted enough who are people who can
pass security clearances we've seen that
be a problem
who are people who want to do the job
and who are people who won't be rejected
because in the past at some point they
have said something not nice about
President Trump when he was a candidate
they're really running out of folks to
run the White House and it's really
reaching a really a critical point here
David Frum we saw a president Trump
rebuked HR McMaster recently in a tweet
which is which is really kind of welcome
to the Trump cabinet that happens to
divert a lot of them but it's not clear
at all what the his status is now we
have a tonight National Security Council
spokesman saying that the president says
that any reports that McMaster is on the
way out is fake news the president quote
this is someone quoting the president
saying the president says that McMaster
is doing a great job but the Washington
Post reported just now a few minutes ago
the president said to McMaster on his
second appearance in the Oval Office one
day why are you here you were here
already earlier today the national
security adviser of course pops in and
out whenever there's news to tell the
president
so people the president is not on
speaking terms with his Attorney General
his national security adviser his chief
of staff
what is this middle school that if the
president can't get along with people
then these are all his appointees he can
remove them knots
much with the Attorney General but
certainly with the chief of staff and in
the National Security Adviser
I don't get this mean girls approach to
management where you say well let's just
communicate to them that they're
unpopular and hope that they'll go away
David Frum and Kimberly Atkins thank you
both for joining us appreciate it
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
