Trump's first campaign advisors sam nunn
berg mr. nunberg good to see you sir
Chuck thank you for having me on so
let's start with you're somebody that's
been fired a couple times by Donald
Trump I think three or four three or
four okay you're not even sure how many
correct right now I look at the folks
that are currently around this president
and I look at the folks that used to be
around this president and I'm wondering
he can't be happy what's it like when he
doesn't have people around him that he
trusts well well first of all I would
say it was a shock to me Chuck that when
hopes announcement was made yesterday
that she was leaving she was somebody
who I would have thought Chuck and you
have dealt with her a lot as well then
she would be there in perpetuity and I
don't know what's going on the only
thing I like to what to say about hope
all the time is is that everybody will
always say well hope has this job
because she's beautiful and Donald Trump
what's that beautiful women around them
she's very talented she's capable and
she has the ability for that job so with
her announcing that she was leaving
because of the porter issue and because
of what happened with her testimony I
think that there's a problem there along
with what Rafael and I think an
ultimately Chuck goes back to Jericho
sure frankly what do you use why do you
think Chuck Jack it's a weak link in
here and it didn't and yes I don't like
him okay so let me get that out of the
way yes I'm part of the band in people
but Jared was doing nefarious things it
is it's strange credulity to believe
that Jared was not trying to raise money
for his fledgling business during the
transition I mean that's Clinton cash
stuff that he was doing that is what
what you're alleging is more than that I
mean Clinton cash didn't have that kind
of evidence you're alleging more than
that I'm saying that Jared was trying to
raise money for those buildings that are
the worst real estate investment you've
ever heard of history real estate and I
think he was and I think he was I think
it's coming back you say that do you
have a do you have evidence I do not
have evidence at all this is just this
is just me knowing when I read
knowing what I hear and the other thing
by the way to chuck is let's be honest
here is when matt drudge who's Jarrod's
best friend and is his PR agent
announces in the morning that was gonna
be a big announcement and Brad Pascal is
the campaign manager and then you find
out that Rafael is leaving then you find
out that Jared losses is clearance and
then you find out the next day that hope
you know that is that is to give the
inference that Jared still has the still
has the brand or still will control the
campaign in 2020 and that's a joke in
itself and I can guarantee you chuck
that Brad Pascal will not be the
campaign manager when the campaign
actually goes off that that was just a
scheme done by Matt Drudge and Jared
well alright let me ask you this yes you
have been very close to Donald Trump not
as you just admitted you're not a big
fan of Jared Kushner correct
what is Donald Trump's relationship with
Jared Kushner it's a good question you
know I I can tell you one I've never
spoken to Jared directly I've said hello
to him a couple times in Trump Tower I
think that the president certainly
trusts Jared and would certainly you
know and he looks very highly on his
daughter Ivanka who's an incredible
woman and and he probably and he
probably praises and has a lot of
respect for Jared visa via the fact that
she married Jared I think that Jared
brought stability in the beginning to
that campaign when he got in there I
think he brought water in and I think
they needed some management help there
when he got in eventually I don't know
what what went on there's a lot of
questions about whether or not Jared got
money from Pascal whether Pascal they
stole money from the digital buys in
2016 it's something that's gonna have to
come out I have no idea by the way but I
would say that Jared was somebody who
was never mentioned to me by the
president and when he got more closer
the thing I would say Chuck is is that
Jared got involved the net what it
looked like Trump was gonna win when it
looked like Trump was gonna be
successful because I can tell you when I
was there and everybody was laughing at
us that Donald Trump was gonna run
people are looking at me like I'm a joke
people were looking you know and
and jaren wanted nothing to do with that
campaign do you I guess the reason I
asked that question is more trouble he
gets into it Muller or the more perceive
that where he's basically getting
negative head as we know Donald Trump
doesn't like when he's when there are
people negative headlines so for
instance that was bad Paul Manafort he
got fired not for his connections but
because his connections made it under
the front page of the New York Times
what I'm thinking Chuck is I don't know
and here's a question I have is an
observer I have no idea is I think
Jarrod's going to get indicted for
something I don't know what it is my
question is does the president want to
keep Jarrod around or does he want to
have him leave the White House and go be
with Charlie Jared's father where John
Ricca then turn on the President and
that's gonna be one of the big deciding
factors ultimately where this
investigation goes don't look now look I
was in there last week and I could tell
you that with Muller yeah well not with
Muller directly but with Wohlers
investigation team they were a
completely you know competent this was
not a waste of time they weren't just
having me in there to check a box
because they saw me on TV being
interviewed by you about about the wolf
book that specific they knew exactly
what it is they wanted to ask you about
what they believed you had information
about yes and I can't get into it and
I'm not going to hurt their
investigation I'll get in enough trouble
anyway for going on TV and talking to
you but what I would say is is that this
is something where they have everything
and we're gonna find everything out and
I don't know what else there let me
pause you there
you had the impression that you weren't
being asked questions that they didn't
already know the answer to yeah there
was a point correct some questions they
didn't know the yes in the beginning for
sure and then other questions what
happens is that you go in there and for
the first 75 minutes or 90 minutes or so
they beat you up and they hit you pretty
hard and they ask they want to see if
you're gonna tell them the truth and
then afterwards you know the next three
hours or so some of it they'll say well
what are your insights here but no the
majority of it was 85% of it was they
knew the answers and they were
establishing how credible of a person
you were at you felt you felt like you
were being tested
see how truthful you were in the
beginning yeah and I was truthful right
so let me ask you speaking of truth
because one of the things that that will
leaked out of hope Hicks was she had to
admit that she told at least white lies
Donald Trump ever asked you to lie and
did you ever do it for him
sure I mean yeah I mean there were times
over spun I mean there were times where
we gave our ideas we gave our why would
I say we gave our view of what the story
was do you consider that a lie I don't
know I mean this is politics I could
tell you that this has been done I think
there is a line there's spin and then
there's totally Donald Trump resemble I
know to ask me to flat-out lie no you
never had anybody never flat-out told me
anything to lie he never flat-out said
that what we discussed something he said
put a spin on it like this put a you
know this is our view of it this is our
version I was never told to lie did you
ever feel like you have lied on his
behalf no I'm not no ok sam nunn Berg
thank you for having me like much
appreciate it thanks for sharing both
your insight and what happened inside
that conference room with malarum is
much greater
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
