BC News intelligence and national
security reporter Kendall a nyan part of
the the team that broke this news so Ken
again separate out for us we have the
internet research agency there's the
social media disruption campaign but
that did not include WikiLeaks the
Podesta and DNC hacks what this is about
is just that Podesta and the DNC hacks
that's exactly right Chuck we're told
that special counsel Robert Muller is
moving toward an indictment or multiple
indictments that would serve the same
purpose as that document filed last
month essentially as you recall that
document left out the hacks of the DNC
the leaking operation which played a
significant role in the election was a
big part of the rush meddling so these
new charges would tell the story of how
that happened and named the Russians who
were involved allegedly and they would
rely we are told heavily on secret
intelligence provided to Muller by the
CIA the National Security Agency DHS
potential charges include conspiracy
violations of election law violations of
the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act which
is the anti hacking statute now you
pointed out some of the big unanswered
questions here one of them is will this
indictment or potential indictment name
Vladimir Putin because we've already
reported the US has intelligence
suggesting that Putin ordered and
supervises this operation but that's
really sensitive intelligence it's
unclear whether the government would be
willing to put that in a court document
another question is will they charge
Russian government intelligence
officials who supervise these freelance
hackers who allegedly carried out this
operation another huge question is the
role of WikiLeaks obviously the bulk of
these leaked emails came through
WikiLeaks and the CIA director Mike
Pompeo has accused WikiLeaks of being an
essentially a hostile non-state
intelligence service an arm of the
Russian government in this instance but
WikiLeaks will come back and claim they
had acted as journalists that could pose
a problem for a potential prosecution so
unknown whether they will be named in
these potential charges but it's clear
that the Muller investigation is picking
up steam and this would be another big
shoe to drop in terms of laying out how
this case happened Chuck let me go to
the WikiLeaks point here is it is it
possible that he goes with an
individual's because the entity
it may be a journalistic organization
but the individuals in it is that more
likely where he would go so Julian
Assange the individual or other
individuals involved I think that's a
possibility because even as journalists
we're not protected from engaging
trafficking in stolen material or
knowingly subordinate is you know
stealing or hacking to do our journalism
but we're not if we're not allowed to do
that so yes in theory individuals could
be charged in that manner job is there
any I guess there's always a chance this
is a sealed indictment where we because
of the insensitivity to the intelligence
but boy a secret indictment by Muller or
that it seems like in this environment
that I'm guessing that's something he'd
like to avoid
well the argument for doing a sealed
indictment some of my sources are
telling me is if you want to catch some
of these Russians unaware traveling to a
third country and actually snatch them
up and bring them back for trial but the
argument against that as we saw with
this last indictment Muller seemed
really to want to tell the American
people the story of how the Russians
carried out this election mentally
because we're not getting that from the
rest of the government and a lot of
times it's based on very secret
intelligence this would be sort of part
two of the story of how the Russians did
it and it would also send a message to
the Russians
you know we know a lot about how this
worked and we know how to potentially
stop it from happening again all right
Kendall a nyan trying to untangle what
is a very tangled web thank you sir hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
