Donald Trump's no good very bad week is
getting worse by the hour with
jaw-dropping headline after jaw-dropping
headlines
according to Axios today after a crazy
24 hours sources close to president
Truong phase in a bad place
mad as hell about the internal chaos in
the sense that things are unraveling
hope pics leaving is obviously a huge
blow to him every time he reads about
attorney General Sessions his head
explodes the people he genuinely enjoys
and feels close to were gone
Keith Schiller leaving hope or getting
pounded in the press Jared and about
that pounding more brutal headlines for
Kushner the New York Times reporting
quote Kushner's family business received
loans after White House meetings this
blurring of lines is now a potential
liability for mr. Kushner who recently
lost his top-secret security clearance
amid worries from some US officials that
foreign governments might try to gain
influence with the White House by doing
business with mr. Kushner the bigger
problem for Kushner maybe the fact that
Miller's investigators are asking
questions about mr. Kushner's
interactions with potential investors
from overseas Kushner's internal foe
chief of staff John Kelly displayed some
gallows humor today in an event at the
Homeland Security Department
I was just open by saying I have almost
no right to be up here on this stage and
when I was in the depart of every right
and I missed every one of you every day
I went
truly at six months the last thing I
wanted to do is walk away from one of
the great honors of my life being the
Secretary of Homeland Security but I did
something wrong and God punished me I
guess you're not alone all this is the
White House maybe getting ready to say
goodbye to one of its other generals
multiple sources familiar with the
matter confirmed NBC news that general
McMaster may be departing his role as
national security adviser as early as
the end of this month one of the leading
candidates being discussed as a possible
replacement for McMaster is Steve beigen
a veteran of the National Security
Council staff under condi rice who
coincidentally joins us later this hour
hey there are misses from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
