don't bring my panel in Ben white chief
economic correspondent for Politico
Christine Quinn vice chair for the New
York State Democratic Party and my
friend Bob cost a national political
reporter for The Washington Post and
moderator of Washington week on PBS
Roberto to you first we have to start
with hope Hicks she was someone who many
of us thought would stay by the
president's side indefinitely a true
loyal aide especially in times of chaos
what do you make of all of it it has
been an exhausting time for most people
inside of the Trump White House Reince
Priebus Steve ban and the list goes on
and on we could go on with dozens of
names of people who have not been able
to last a year there are hope Hicks
lasted 13 14 months but really more like
three or four years working at a
candidate Trump side president Trump's
side and there has been so much
controversy so much scandal in this
White House it's the least surprising
news of the week in some respects Wow
all right then I want to read you part
of a political article where this leaves
the president quotes with hope Hicks
leaving the White House there is no
metaphorical family no core group of
aides who have brought the ringer
together come out beaten bound forever
trusting each other
trusting the president and having him
trust them without hope Hicks he really
is among strangers he is and you know
you said he looks at hope like a
daughter right
she also fits the role that the mold
that president chunk loves she does and
the problem with this is generalized
white house chaos not that it wasn't
chaotic before but it's going to be more
so and I think we're getting a
indication of this just today we're
expecting President Trump later today to
announce a bunch of tariffs on steel and
aluminum the whole process for this has
been a mess the coordination between
different agencies with the National
Economic Council there's all sorts of
aids fighting behind the scenes about
this
when I was emailing and texting with
White House aides yesterday they said
look this is part of a breakdown in
process within the White House after Rob
Porter left he kind of coordinated that
trade process he's gone and now hoe
picks leaving there really is no ballast
there's no person within the White House
who can connect with President Trump and
keep them
on an even keel not that he's ever
underneath killed but we're talking a
sliding scale here from complete chaos
to to John Kelly hope Hicks was never
the person charged with creating common
order in White House John Kelly is he's
the chief of staff and I want to share
what Anthony scare Moochie who of course
was with the White House for a hot
minute but he said something that I
thought was pretty noteworthy this
morning this is a cultural thing
okay the morale inside the White House
you're a great reporter you've got great
reporters on staff your else terrible
it's messed up it'll be up to the
President to figure out if he wants to
fix it or not if he doesn't well the
question is to the turmoil
I predict more departures there's a fear
culture of fear a culture of
intimidation people afraid to talk to
each other coming from my president
they're afraid of the president I think
it's the chief of staff Anthony's car
Moochie is not wrong here I've heard the
same thing weekend week out John Kelly
is very difficult he doesn't look people
in the eye he says things regularly in
meetings like how lucky they all are to
have John Kelly there what's it going to
be like going forward hope a beloved
character in the White House made people
weren't tears across the board right
look I think Lee losing hope is terrible
on a whole host of levels as you said
it's a sliding scale I mean on a good
day the president looks semi rudderless
he is actually now rudderless there none
of his people quote-unquote are there
with him anymore and that's a dangerous
position if you're an elected official
or politician at any point but he is
literally in a set of enormous crises
and not have anybody who you look in the
eye and know they've got your back no
matter what
is a terrifying position and it's going
to push the president deeper into his
bunker mentality which is very dangerous
place for him now look general Kelly's
the chief of staff and the president
purposely brought in kind of a
iron-fisted guy and if you want to work
in any elected officials office the
chief of staff is the chief of staff and
you have to accept that or not right but
I don't have a lot of sympathy for
people who went into
Trump Whitehouse and are now singing oh
it's a tough place to work nobody's nice
they're mean and I'm sure that's all
true but they made their beds and now
they got to either leave or suck it up
and deal with it suck it up or deal with
it Robert Kosta weigh-in
two weeks ago we were talking about John
Kelly possibly being forced out of the
White House are we going to be talking
about that again this week we're moving
or downgrading Jared security clearance
you know Jared will get whatever
information he wants from the president
because President Trump can declassify
anything but John Kelly humiliated Jared
this week what's in his future well the
president said he's going to let general
Kelly make that decision and Jared
Kushner at this point Stephanie can't
get the same access to information his
security clearance has been downgraded
to secret as we all know will the
president respect that process and the
Jared Kushner officials tell me really
has a choice to make does he want to
continue in this White House with a
limited role can he accept that and
still be the president's son-in-law and
remain as a senior adviser kind of a
confidant who floats around the West
Wing and is a presence or does he have
to be involved in these high-stakes
negotiations this is a choice he really
hasn't made a decision on at this moment
okay so Jared's in the hot seat John
Kelly's in the hot seat Ben Carson
humiliated himself this week did
something extraordinarily unethical and
supposedly the president's mad at him
and he's also mad at Jeff sessions I
don't want to talk about this it's no
surprise he's been going after Jeff
sessions for months and this is the
first sign we have truly seen Jeff
Sessions yeah fire back he goes out to
dinner with rod Rosen Stein in this show
solidarity but what do you take from it
well I take from it that sessions is
getting tired of the tweets calling him
disgraceful and although stuff he's not
going to quit he's gonna stay on the job
until he's fired I think he would make
Trump fire him and deal with the
repercussions of that before he quits
but you know I don't know if they set up
that phone a lot maybe they did but they
clearly want to send a message that look
you know I've got rod Rosen Stein's back
he's got my back the Justice Department
is unified here you can take your
potshots you can call me disgraceful
we're gonna keep doing our jobs and I'm
not going to listen to you tell me that
I need to do something differently on
this Inspector General
our investigation into you know all of
the FISA stuff I mean it's just gotten
the point where the Attorney General is
just saying look fire at me all you want
I'm not goin anywhere does that hurt
president Trump's position with robert
muller because bob i want to share a
quote from today's Washington Post that
says the thrust of mothers questions was
to determine whether the president's
goal was to oust sessions in order to
pick a replacement who would exercise
control over the Russia investigation so
president Trump continuing to attack
Jeff Sessions doesn't that help Robert
Muller in an obstruction of justice case
we know that this is something that
Muller is scrutinizing as part of his
investigations there's so much under the
umbrella of the Muller probe the more
you report on people who've met with his
team they're looking at the campaign
they're looking at the transition we're
looking at financial records and they're
looking at potential obstruction of
justice what were the decisions made
inside of the White House not only about
that that statement on Air Force one
about the Donald Trump jr. meeting but
about Attorney General Jeff Sessions and
the way the president has interacted
with the Justice Department both
publicly and privately Christine can
jeff sessions continue his job in this
environment I mean a year ago we were
saying he can't possibly do it but time
marched on he I mean it's how you define
his job it's his job now defending
himself and poking the president in the
eye well he seems to be doing that job
pretty well but yeah it wasn't haul meat
and cheeseburgers in bed screaming
watching cable news and so we think he's
out to dinner exactly but if his job is
actually to be the Attorney General of
the United States of America a job which
requires you to be working in lockstep
with the president no he can't do that
and hasn't been doing that for for some
time now no one can work in lockstep
with this president know exactly I don't
know but but it's I guess there's a
difference that's true no one can work
in lockstep but there's somewhere in the
middle of lockstep and having been
called mr. magoo repeatedly and
disgraceful which again so if he's mad
at Ben Carson which he should be and he
hates the Attorney General which
apparently he does he fired them you
actually are the president so you could
fire them and it is something I can't
explain well I understand it on session
but cars politically because of what it
would send but Carson's like you could
even get fire ben Carson but he's
generally a loyal guy I don't know you
necessarily would a fire your only
african-american cabinet so there's that
but on sessions I mean obviously you
could follow so loyalty and the fact
that your diversity candidate should
save you drop in 31 grand on a dining
room table and a hut it's giving your
daughter-in-law a no bid five hundred
thousand dollars if you were if you were
gonna fire him over that you would
probably fire him over the fact that he
has no idea what to do with house that
has absolutely no reason to be in that
job in the first place so $31,000 dining
room table is ridiculous but it's no
more ridiculous than the fact that Ben
Carson is at hot in the first well
that's fair
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
