when I say I talk mainly about what our
next guest pat toomey United States
Senator from Pennsylvania has been
suggesting since after the days after
Newtown senator thank you so much for
being with us it's got to be something
to go from being called a squish for
going too far on background checks one
day to being called a squish for not
going far enough by the president United
States let me ask are you and Joe
Manchin going to push this bill forward
and consider adding the portion that
that raises the gun buying age and 21 so
the answer is Joe Manchin and I are
definitely going to move forward if we
can we are actively soliciting that
support for our bill there are several
Republican senators who voted against it
in 2013 who have told me they are
reconsidering so I am hopeful about that
I think the president's very aggressive
support for expanding background checks
is encouraging as you know that's the
centerpiece of our legislation and then
look I think we ought to if we could get
to a consensus get to where we think
we've got 60 votes on something like
Manchin to me then let's put it on the
Senate floor and then let's have lots of
amendments and everybody can have their
idea litigated and let the Senate work
its will you know senator last time I
think about nine and ten Americans
supported your bill when you put
universal background checks on gun
purchases it still couldn't get a vote
now though you got polls anywhere from
eighty seven percent to one I saw last
week ninety-seven percent of Americans
supporting universal background checks
on all gun purchases do you do you think
that just the realities that Walmart's
saying and that FedEx is seeing it the
Delta sing and that Dick's Sporting
Goods are saying do you think that
eventually congressmen and Senators will
feel the same pressure to listen to what
90% of Americans want well I hope so let
me be clear the manchin-toomey bill is
not completely universal it does close
the gun show loophole and internet sales
but
personal transaction between friends for
instance would not be subject can have a
discussion about how far that that
should go but it definitely broadens
background checks very substantially and
would cover the vast overwhelming
majority of sales I do think something
has changed right we're certainly seeing
it when large retailers decide that
they're gonna change their practices so
I hope that that will get a consensus
within Congress to do so you're exactly
right
look Pennsylvania's a big Second
Amendment state lots of folks own guns
and have for generations they don't
think that it's an infringement on the
Second Amendment to do a three-minute
background check to screen out the
people who are dangerously mentally ill
or violent criminals we ought to we
ought to respond to that Senator to me
it's willie Geist in New York my
question for you you've faced this
uphill battle since you first introduced
mentioned to me all those years ago and
you had your NRA rating dropped I think
it was to a C at the time sounds right
what what is the resistance to this idea
you're talking about in other words who
are the people that are preventing this
from moving forward the idea I think
sounds common sense to a lot of people
that there ought to be a background
check even on private sales even on a
sale at a gun show what's standing in
the way of that happening well I'll tell
you I think back in 2013 the argument
that I heard the most was well first of
all people much of it was misrepresented
when they got to the facts they didn't
actually oppose the substance of our
bill but they said ah but it's a
slippery slope and we know that
President Obama really would like to ban
whole categories of guns and take away
our guns so we shouldn't be moving in
that direction nobody thinks that Donald
Trump is gonna come in and try to ban
whole categories of guns or confiscate
guns so I think that might change the
dynamic somewhat as well but but look it
was a very small percentage of people
who think it's a bad idea to do a
background check
were you shocked senator by some of the
things you heard from the president
yesterday including the elimination in
some cases of due process take the gun
first due process later raising the age
to 21 to be able to purchase a weapon
floated the idea we ought to have a
discussion of an assault weapons ban
were you surprised at what you heard
from the president well look the I don't
have to admit that the idea of taking a
person's property before the due process
that did take my breath away a little
bit it doesn't work that way in America
but look I think there's an old saying
about this president which is take him
seriously not necessarily literally and
I think the big takeaway from this
meeting is he wants to get something
done the broadening background checks
would be the centerpiece of it and you
know we ought to consider a whole range
of other items so I agree with that I
agree with all of that individual items
that some of my colleagues will offer as
amendments I'll vote against some but
probably vote for let's have that debate
let's let the Senate function let the
American people see this process and I
think in the end we'd have a product
Senator Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania thank
you as always for your time we
appreciate it let's thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
