I don't care who's endorsing you or not
into it you're gonna be more popular
that's what you're into it
I'm not into popularity I'm into getting
something done that's good last thing
before we go tonight is that very thing
we just heard right there the president
at the meeting on gun violence insisting
today he's not into popularity but even
a brief cursory once-over search of our
archives would indicate that this
president is in fact quite fond of
popularity and by the way I get by far
the largest crowds I'm doing very very
well
record-setting numbers folks you know
every time I go we have massive crowds
like this whatever we're doing we're
doing something right because we had I
believe the largest bump in the history
of conventions the Nielsen ratings just
came out these aren't polls these are
for television much more important than
polls we beat her by millions on
television today I have two stories by
the front page I mean I guess they used
me to sell newspapers they follow me and
I'm on all the time I do get much better
ratings than her in all fairness I came
in first in a landslide CNN is
disgusting and by the way their ratings
are going down big league you know why
because I refuse to be interviewed and I
get high ratings what can I tell you I
have the most loyal people did you ever
see that where I could stand in the
middle of Fifth Avenue and shoot
somebody and I wouldn't lose any voters
okay it's like incredible boy are they
going to die in the ratings after this
elections over and they're not watching
Hillary I'll tell you that they don't
have great seats they don't have great
seats but tomorrow they'll be famous
okay
we won shopping in Ohio and we weren't
so big in Iowa I did two and three
speeches a day like this big crowd this
was the largest audience to ever witness
an inauguration period both in person
and around the globe I do get good
ratings you have to admit the water
crowd
a lot of people in here a lot of people
pouring in right now they can get them
in whatever you can do fire marshal
President Donald Trump on the various
measurements of popularity out there hey
before we go tonight we have some
reminders for you especially for our
time shifting viewers you can watch us
anytime you please by downloading the
MSNBC app on your phone if you're on the
move
you can listen live each night on Sirius
XM satellite radio we are also available
as a podcast what we're trying to say is
there's really no reason you would ever
have to miss a single broadcast of the
11th hour and with that that is our
broadcast for a Wednesday night thank
you so very much for being here with us
good night from NBC News headquarters
here in New York
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
