good evening from New York I'm Chris
Hayes White House communications
director whole pics is out one day after
testifying before the House Intelligence
Committee where she acknowledged telling
and I'm quoting here because it's such a
indicative phrase white lies white lies
for the president the president's
longest-serving aide is joining the
extensive and ever-growing list of
senior officials to leave the Trump
administration Hicks has been a player
in some of the pivotal moments of the
Russia saga as well as the whole
campaign and presidency she was
interviewed by Special Counsel Robert
Muller's team late last year and her
departure comes just as Muller's
investigation appears to be turning to
the key question at the heart of the
whole affair did the President of the
United States conspire with a foreign
adversary to influence the 2016 election
according to an exclusive report from
NBC News out today Moeller's team is now
asking witnesses pointed questions about
whether Donald Trump was aware that
democratic emails have been stolen
before that was publicly known and
whether he was involved in their
strategic release now we already know
that members of the president's campaign
were aware of the emails you'll remember
George papadopolis that guy according to
his guilty plea about a month after he
attended that meeting with the candidate
himself that's donald trump and george
papadapolis sitting at the same table
talking about a month after that meeting
with Canada itself March 2016
Papadopoulos learned from a Russian
intermediary they the Russians have
during her the Russians had emails of
Clinton they have thousands of emails ok
well that's an amazing thing to know
before everyone else knows it
we know from those same court filings of
Papadopoulos despite being described as
quote coffee boy was actually in
frequent contact with senior campaign
officials and we just found out from the
memo released by Democrats on the House
Intelligence Committee and this got a
little lost so this is important the
Papadopoulos had been informed that the
russians could assist the campaign by
anonymously releasing the Clinton emails
which sure as heck sounds familiar
ranking member Adam Schiff explained the
significance of that very revelation
right here on this program Monday night
our memo discloses for the first time
that the Russians preview to
Papadopoulos that
to help with disseminating these stolen
emails we knew from the Papadopoulos
plea that the Russians had told the
Trump campaign very early on in April of
2016 that they were in possession of
these stolen emails we now know that the
Department of Justice presented to the
FISA Court information that the Russians
previewed what they would do with this
information their dissemination of it
okay so the Russians have previewed it
to a campaign surrogate or Papadopoulos
that they have the emails thousands of
emails of Hillary Clinton what they
would do leaking it anonymously all
before this all comes out publicly and
the question is with all that
information swirling around inside the
Trump campaign did any of that
information make its way to the man who
was at the center that can campaign the
candidate himself did it make its way to
Donald Trump and could it have had
anything to do with these very memorable
comments in July 2016 Russia if you're
listening I hope you're able to find the
30,000 emails that are missing I think
you will probably be rewarded mightily
by our press Mike manly is an NBC News
national political reporter who helped
break that story what do we know about
these questions that Muller's team is
asking well Chris thanks for having me
on as you know this Moeller
investigation has been very tight-lipped
there's been very few leaks of any sort
coming from it so anytime we can offer
the public any insight into what they're
investigating it's significant and in
this case of what we're reporting along
with k√°roly and Katie Tara my colleagues
puts a spotlight on the collusion aspect
of this investigation specifically not
necessarily whether two senior members
of the Trump campaign and senior Russian
government officials were coordinating
but the nature of potential
intermediaries in helping to facilitate
leaks that could prove damaging to the
Clinton campaign and the timeline
partially as you just laid out is
critical it was in March we know that
John Podesta's emails were hacked you
have then in April George papadopolis
meeting with a Russian agent who informs
him that they have dirt on Hillary
Clinton and then the timing of the
release of these emails is significant
as well you have in July of
20:16 just as Democrats hope to really
unite the party ahead at the Democratic
convention
the DNC emails are leaked and then in
October just as the Access Hollywood
tape breaks you have the Podesta emails
leaked and so what we've been told here
in our reporting is that Moeller is
zeroing in on whether senior members of
the Trump campaign or any allies of
Trump including Roger stone may have
been suggesting to the president in the
then candidate in that July famous
comment that cliff he just showed
whether he was with knowledge of what
was to come
pleading with the Russians to release
this and it's also important what you
point out in terms of what we learned
from the Democratic memo this is not
just information because the the the
Carter page fives application is part of
the precursor to what is now the molar
probe so when they went to the FISA
Court they're presenting this potential
link between what Papadopoulos learned
in his conversations with the Russians
with other aspects that were of interest
to this investigation so it lends a lot
of credibility to it and so the timing
here is also key right that they're
zeroing in on these these key sort of
plot points in this drama particularly
that the WikiLeaks first set of Podesta
emails coming out I think they're
tweeted a half an hour after the
Washington Post story on Access
Hollywood that's right and it not to be
lost the DNC emails as well that the
comment that you played from from then
candidate Trump was at a press
conference just days after those DNC
emails were posted and then of course
again that the role of Roger stone
remember the tweet he cryptically
suggested that you know Podesta's turn
in the barrel was coming and of course
the question that the molar and and his
other investigative team is asking is
did he tweet that with knowledge that in
fact Podesta's emails had been hacked
and were ready to be released what we've
heard from Roger stone is of course
denying any link with WikiLeaks any
direct contact with Julian Assange he
testified before the House Intelligence
Committee last fall and said much of the
same and what he also said in his
opening statement before the committee
at that time was that when he was
referring to Podesta's time in the
barrel the context was key that it was
because his friend
his childhood friend Paul Manafort had
just resigned as the Trump campaign
chairman and this was in connection to
his his own contacts with foreign
governments and that's what he was
suggesting his tweet was in reference to
at the time but investigators want to
know more and they also want to know
whether Roger stone was still in contact
with Donald Trump himself MACC is my
family great to have you hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
