earlier I spoke with Florida Senator
Bill Nelson and I began by asking him
for his takeaway from what he saw happen
at this meeting look at the body
language of the Republicans in the room
I think it's going to be very hard for
them to support anything that the NRA
does not bless you saw President Trump
say don't be afraid of the NRA well
that's his words but what have we seen
what have we always seen what's
happening right now and you're in my
state capital right under the state of
Florida in the last week of the state
legislature the kids have been up there
they have been just having rallies they
are so impressive they're so strong
they're so articulate and yet look
what's happening the NRA lobbyist is
locking down on all of the legislators
what do you make of Rick Scott's
proposal because I know you called it
the bare minimum but I look at it from a
Washington perspective and I look at
what he did it and and you've been here
a long time
could you imagine many Republicans
introducing that series of reforms in
the US Congress and having a snowball's
chance well when you have a slaughter
like we have in our state for the last
two years nothing done after the Poltz
nightclub then the Fort Lauderdale
Airport now the Parkland shooting you
would think that there would be a revolt
and these kids are the spark that would
cause that revolt but we're seeing
things settle down into business as
usual okay but is how about this issue
which is it does feel like there's some
people that look at the proposals
whether it's governor Scott's proposal
in Tallahassee or maybe Senator Pat
Toomey proposal or Senator Cornyn's
proposal in the Senate
and they say well that's such a small
thing it doesn't matter but is the good
the enemy here of the praise the perfect
the enemy of the good is this one of
those cases well certainly it's not the
perfect if you just do for example two
Me's
bill of background checks they ought to
be broader they ought to be universal so
you pick up all the mental issues the
restraining orders as well as the
criminal background that's certainly not
the perfect the perfect would be to get
the assault rifles off the street right
but if you could get that first step
that would clearly be a good first step
let's talk about the specifics of the
South Florida shooter the parkland
Florida shooter and the specific I have
is what law do you pass that would make
sure that if a school system identifies
a troubled kid that that information
ends up in the background check system
and how do you do that while also
protecting an individual's due process
what you do is just like a restraining
order it could be a family member this
could be initiated by a school official
that this person should not have a
weapon because there's some mental
problem or something and all the due
process is there because a restraining
order would go through a judge so you've
got your due process protections but if
you got universal background checks that
restraining order would be noted there
another thing that you could put in
there not only the no-fly list you can't
get on an airplane because you're a
suspected terrorist but if you had been
on the terrorist watchlist
like Omar Mateen had ran universal
background check would have picked that
up and he would have not been able to
buy that Sig Sauer MCX
that he killed 49 people in Orlando with
Senator Nelson you weren't invited this
White House meeting and you weren't
happy about that
do you think it was an intentional snub
or just simply an oversight
no it was intentional I'm not unhappy
about it I think it shows the excessive
partisanship of if not the president at
least those around him which is so silly
I mean what people want is they want us
to come together in bipartisan agreement
did they think you being there was gonna
somehow hurt Rick Scott he's your mother
why did I have no idea Chuck okay well
senator Nelson I will leave it there
thanks for coming on appreciate it
and thanks for sharing your views you
got it hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
