in case you missed it an incredible
moment on the basketball court in Miami
last night what that's Miami Wade
County's own Miami heats Dwyane Wade you
see what I did there anyway he scored
the winning shot against the
Philadelphia 76ers final score 102 101
but did you happen to notice this Wade
wore these shoes during his game on the
back the named Joaquin Oliver what keen
Oliver was one of the victims of the
Parkland school shooting he was just 17
and had just become a US citizen last
year while King loved basketball Dwyane
Wade his favorite player
earlier this week Joaquin was buried
wearing Wade's Jersey
Wade heard about this so Wade paid
tribute to him on the court last night
small gesture but one that would have
meant so much to a 17 year old high
school student so playing with those
shoes and making the game-winning shot
something Miami hadn't seen from Wade in
years maybe it was a coincidence then
again maybe it wasn't
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
