a small group of lawmakers are scheduled
to meet with President Trump today this
move is the latest in congressional
efforts to make any possible progress on
gun control legislation Democratic
Congress from an Elizabeth Esty
of Connecticut will be in that meeting
she is also a member of the problem
solvers caucus congresswoman this issue
is so important to you you know what the
people of Newtown have gone through so I
want to get your first reaction to the
stance that Dick's Sporting Goods has
taken because they're making a move that
will directly impact their bottom line
absolutely and I'm really proud of them
and I think it's an important
acknowledgement of the power of these
students you know young people stopped
the Vietnam War when I was in college
young people changed the US policy
towards South Africa and I really
believe that these students can be a
voice for change in the halls of
Congress and all across this country we
should note that while it could affect
their bottom line they won't be selling
assault-style rifles dicks stock is
already up a bit this morning they're
possibly making a brand move a cultural
move because they've got these teenagers
Millennials who are making lifelong
brand affiliations and they made a
decision that these things matter you're
going to be meeting with President Trump
today what do you hope to hear from him
realistically you know what we've heard
so far well I hope to hear consistency
and I hope to hear leadership well
you're not going to get consistency
because he has been consistent I know
but but we need that and he needs to
lead in lean in and be a leader and
press the Republican leadership because
let's be very clear what has been
deadlocked in Congress is the Republican
leadership has refused to call up
common-sense legislation background
checks are anything else so we have an
opportunity here now with the leadership
of these students and a president who
has finally attuned to media attention
he understands that these kids have the
attention of the American people and
face it gun owners are parents too and
it's pretty hard to look your teenager
in the eye and say you're unwilling to
do anything to help them and I hope the
president's thinking about that and
steps in to do to challenge and do the
tough stuff
would be extraordinary there's a lot of
bills floating around though and it's
somewhat confusing do you think there's
one clear bill that people could get
together on and get behind because
there's a lot out there
there a lot but I'll tell you the top
two that I think would very much appeal
to the president are common sense and
could make a meaningful difference right
away one is background checks on every
single gun sale closing that gun show
loophole every single gun that sold has
to go through a background check we've
got a ton of bipartisan support on that
it would pass it would pass the house if
called up today
if they hadn't canceled votes because I
think they're afraid of these kids the
other one actually has to do with these
extreme risk orders what the president's
referred to as the red flags the ER
let's be clear exactly GVR owes the gun
violence restraining orders that would
give law enforcement the authority the
power to take guns away from people like
the shooter in Florida in Florida they
had no authority to do that it would
also help save the lives of our veterans
you know there are 20 veterans who
commit suicide a day most of them with
their service weapons a lot of time
family members and friends are aware
that this veteran is at risk in most
states they don't have any authority
there's nobody they can go to who can do
anything about this so that's why I'm
championing that bill as well like the
shooter in Sandy Hook we're in a
situation where people saw something
they said something and they didn't have
the law on their side to do anything all
right well I hope you have a productive
meeting with the president today I hope
so too
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
