morning with a half-day schedule two
weeks after 17 students and educators
were murdered there the school
superintendent says it will be a quote
phased reopening to help kids faculty
and the community make the transition
school would end before noon during the
first week back and Broward County
officials say the freshman building
where the shootings occur will be torn
down and replaced Steve Rattner has
charts on guns and gun deaths in the
u.s. Steve where are we so Steve this is
it's interesting
crime rates in places like New York City
lower than ever before death deaths by
guns down a crime down and it has been
on this trajectory for eight years or so
but these mass shootings are the one
area that continue to go up that's a
great point Joe there's this dichotomy
between what's happening on a city by
city crime by crime level and what's
happening with the so-called mass
shootings which we define as a case
where at least four people are either
killed or injured and you can see in
this chart what's been happening which
is that the number of people injured has
been rising very steadily it's not just
these horrific tragedies that we focus
on but so many more that caused two
thousand people in 2017 to be injured
and caused 600 people in 2006 a mass
shooting is defined as what four people
four more people not including the
shooter who are either killed or injured
in some kind of gun violence of one sort
or another so it isn't just it isn't
just parkland it isn't just Orlando it
isn't just Las Vegas and so far this
year we've had 98 people killed in the
first two months of the year in one of
these mass shootings look it's not a
great surprise as to why this happens
when you take a look at the correlation
between guns and deaths and so this
graph is a very simple graph that plots
how many guns per hundred people each
country has and how many gun related
deaths each country has so you can see
the u.s. all the way out here with a
hundred and twenty guns per hundred
people ie more than one gun per person
and therefore the most number of gun
related deaths and then you can see all
of these other countries very much like
our as Western European countries in
Singapore with
many fewer guns and many fewer and many
fewer gun deaths and then lastly I would
just say coincidentally the Prime
Minister of Australia was in Washington
right after the Parkman shooting and
while he took pains not to sort of brag
about what they've done it is a good
reminder of what Australia's done in
1996 they had a mass shooting in
Tasmania than 35 or 36 people were
killed they instituted a set of a set of
gun controls that included banning
high-powered rifles
banning assault weapons much more
stringent licensing requirements buyback
of guns and you can see what happened to
the rate of gun deaths in Australia and
by the way there was no commensurate
increase in deaths from other forms of
killing and without those charts Steve
you point out that the United States of
America has four percent of the world's
population and yet we own 42 percent of
the world's heart guns that is a correct
fact and again again though and I want
to say the dichotomy is as you said gun
deaths have been going down these
high-profile mass shootings have been
going up but I remember talking to your
friend Mayor Bloomberg who actually said
banning assault style weapons is not
going to have a huge impact he said this
five six years ago I'm not gonna have a
huge impact because it's relatively
small percentage of the people who died
from from guns well five or six years
later this is looking like an epidemic
and even second amendment champions are
saying man we've got to figure out
what's going on here look the gun deaths
from these mass shootings have doubled
in the last four years doubled in the
last four years yeah and and you know
just by comparison 590 gun deaths in
mass shootings last year in the country
there are only 286 I think it is murders
in the city of New York last year look
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
