Dick's by the way is leaning all the way
in this morning they're saying
effectively we respect the law but if
you want to get an ar-15 you're in after
you got somewhere else but they are
calling for as part of this move this
morning for Congress to ban assault
weapons or semi-automatic rifles to ban
bump stocks to raise the age to 21 that
you can purchase a weapon they're going
all-in on this and if you question the
impact these kids are having yes CEO
cited the kids when he said he said they
found it disturbing the news he said we
love these kids and their rallying cry
and it got so I've gone there a lot with
my kids because they're of the athletes
and a lot of moms go there it's
sometimes year too
yeah this is a place where moms go to
get everything you need for your athlete
kids whether you've got a hockey player
or a runner or football player it's also
easier to buy online
I would suggest everybody in fact we're
going on the way home get your credit
card out and I would reward this company
for doing the right thing that's it you
just think about its mothers who do the
shopping for high school athletes
mothers bring their sons and dice and at
Little League too and it gets again it
actually makes sense if you're just
looking at it from a PR perspective it
makes sense for Dick's Sporting Goods
because so many people that go in there
our students are mothers who are the
ones that are talking to their parents
over the dinner tears who work and who
are scared to go to school really and so
look I'm not in all denying the sort of
morality behind Dick's decision but for
all these companies to make this
decision I think it shows that the
public opinion is swung the other way
and these companies understand that and
they actually believe not only will it
not hurt their business actually help
their business to take these kinds of
steps or they're just doing the right
thing once again everybody it's
important to say everybody's free to do
what he wants to do they know about this
about when you roll Bruno Oliveira who
went back to school today in parkland
Florida for the first time there's the
quote I'm never going to be the same
that's why Dick's Sporting Goods does
the right thing thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of
around us to watch more for morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
