etosha bear trends she's out with new
reporting on the private Twitter
messages exchanged between Roger stone
and WikiLeaks during the 2016
presidential election Natasha thank you
so much for being here we've got a quick
question for you yeah how horrible is
Jeffrey don't work the work for oh yeah
Thank You Alice does he ever smile does
he throw things no and not screaming
yell is he does every time comes on the
Morning Joe set he is a fit he breaks
things yeah I'll tell him you said that
if he's watching
all right now Roger stone and WikiLeaks
what do you got yeah so Roger stone
actually deemed private Twitter messages
with WikiLeaks during the election and
that's something that we had not known
previously because of course he had said
repeatedly that he was only in touch
with WikiLeaks and Julian Assange via an
intermediary that there was some kind of
back-channel and that he never
communicated with them directly when I
asked him about the exchange that he did
have with WikiLeaks he said that it was
a paste up and that you know it didn't
represent the entirety of their
communications over the course of the
election which of course led me to
believe well that there were more
communications than than merely the
exchange that that I had obtained but
but in that exchange he expressed that
he felt like he was a friend of
WikiLeaks he kind of asked WikiLeaks to
stop publicly attacking him because they
were trying to distance himself distance
themselves publicly from him during the
during the election but the morning
after the election WikiLeaks reached out
again and said are you happy now we were
more free to communicate yeah stone
he's always shown his hand what what
what are we to make of the fact that he
was saying that Podesta is about to go
in the barrel basically predicting that
WikiLeaks was about to release all of
these stolen emails we saw the same
thing with a person that when Al Franken
was about to be attacked nine hours
before Franken was attacked he said hey
look this is coming out may have done
the same seems like they may have done
the same thing with Spitzer what what
what do we do me that's the big question
he he still denies that he had any
advanced knowledge of anything that
WikiLeaks put out that he was not told
about details necessarily
about what WikiLeaks would would drop
during the election let alone the the
Podesta leaks but obviously this new
revelation that he was in direct
communication with WikiLeaks kind of
cast doubt on everything that he said
about his relationship during the
election was he under oath when he
testified he was under oath What did he
say we don't know what he said behind
closed doors that transcript has not
been made public and and I myself was
not able to confirm that he specifically
denied talking to WikiLeaks directly he
has since kind of narrowed his denial
saying that he only ever said that he
didn't communicate with Julian Assange
directly not necessarily WikiLeaks so of
course the two are pretty
interchangeable Assange of course has
access to the WikiLeaks account and he
is often the one running it so in as far
as he can deny that he ever spoke to
WikiLeaks are Julian Assange directly
you have to remember that of course he
was communicating with wiki with the
WikiLeaks Twitter account which is lunch
you've studied WikiLeaks pretty
extensively in Roger stones relationship
to it did he present himself as
representing the Trump campaign at any
point did he say I'm here on behalf of
Donald Trump have you seen that in any
of the communications no I haven't I
mean he wrote to WikiLeaks and he said
you know I've been publicly defending
you on national television I've been you
know defending you against the charges
that your Russian agents against the
sexual assault charges against Julian
Assange but he also he always framed it
in terms of I you know that he was an
ally of WikiLeaks now of course Roger
stone was in touch with the Trump
campaign and he was in touch with Trump
himself during the election so how much
of that he actually told Donald Trump
about or anyone in the in the campaign
orbit and we still don't know so so
Jeremy if you're Bob Muller you have so
much to work with you've got of course
Roger stone apparently not telling the
truth about his contacts with WikiLeaks
you've got of course Paul Manafort
arrested and charged to because of his
contacts with Russian oligarchs and
Russian influenced political actors in
the Ukraine and then you have manna fort
and stone being business partners 20
years back this is this is not exactly a
conspiracy that's well hidden it
it's it's remarkable how all of these
characters are colliding together at the
center right over the heart of the Trump
campaign and you have three key
witnesses who are now actually providing
evidence and information to the Special
Counsel George papadopolis Mike Flynn
and Rick gates all of them cut plea
deals and all of them are now
cooperating I think it's just important
to know because the natascha is
interesting and excellent reporting
should clarify this WikiLeaks is an
agent of the Russian Federation not only
were they doing Russia's bidding during
the election but actually subsequent to
that they are responsible for the most
devastating hack potentially and leak of
classified CIA material in the agency's
history the so-called vault seven trove
which was released last year a lot of
people forget about this but this is why
I'm like Pompeo and other intelligence
leaders are sounding the alarm about
WikiLeaks and if there's a connection
between Trump's political allies and
WikiLeaks that is a major red flag for
Bob and that which of course what you
just said makes it so extraordinary that
so-called conservative pundits have
embraced WikiLeaks after slamming them
rightly in 2005 2006 2007 are slamming
people that were leaking about the CIA
it's just a quite a turnaround so john
pidor it's also interesting an
interesting part of this story is the
possibility of Roger stone and Donald
Trump remaining in contact over the
course of the entire campaign despite
the little perhaps play-acting early on
right so Augustine stone quits or is
fired or whatever from the nascent Trump
campaign Roger stone is the author of
Donald Trump's political life from 1988
onward it strains credulity the fact
that he disappeared doesn't mean that he
disappeared from Trump's life and you
know one of the unknown questions about
the Trump campaign is the extent to
which Roger stone was involved as an
advisor as a representative stones very
smart he's very able he's a strange guy
but he knows
he's forgotten more about American
politics that a lot of people know I'm
interested in Natasha in one question
which is the the DMS that you surface
stone could use them exculpatory I mean
because basically saying hey you guys
why are you attacking me I'm like nice
to you and you're attacking me that that
doesn't exactly sound like an intimate
relationship that sounds like a DM that
somebody sometimes sends something you
don't know like hey why did you write
that hit piece about me that's been what
did I ever do to you it's not like you
know so I was struck by the fact that he
talked to you as though it was bad
because I thought he could say see this
just proves I wasn't in there we don't
employ so the messages do seem to
corroborate the idea that there was no
strategic coordination between WikiLeaks
and and Roger stone but then again
according to what I what he told me
yesterday we don't actually know whether
this represented the entirety of their
communications he apparently they had
spoken before the exchange that I had
seen and possibly they spoke after he
said that he didn't actually recall but
it is true that WikiLeaks in this in
this message exchange says look we can't
have you going out there and saying
falsely that we are associated because
that is undermining the impact of our
publications
all right the Atlantic's Natasha
Bertrand thank you very much new
reporting and still ahead former Trump
campaign chairman Paul Manafort will be
arraigned on revised charges in the
Muller investigation later this morning
so that men afford guy is the guy whose
business partners would stone yeah but
this time his former co-defendant Rick
Gates won't be with them in court
because Gates is now on Muller side will
have that part of the Russia probe ahead
on Morning Joe thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
