shrimp watch Tuesday February 27th 2018
when Donald Trump practice what he calls
he calls chain migration bringing his
Vick his various family members along
with him into the White House you could
see the trouble coming it's called
nepotism it's when you get prize jobs to
people not on the basis of ability but
of blood they're your relatives and they
want a piece of the pie they want to
enjoy some of the action and not for
curiously but personally they want to
sit with a guy elected his sitting they
won in what's beyond me with the
president season his son-in-law what got
him the yield of the entire Middle East
Mexico and who knows what other parts of
the planet over him the services Viceroy
but now he's worse in the situation
Trump has left his son-in-law in charge
of this global geography without the
help of intelligence he will be
negotiating deals among countries
without the benefit knowing their true
positions to know what they can accept
them what they need in other words the
very elements of any successful
negotiation in a murky world Jared
Kushner will be flying without
instruments already shy on the sides of
the ways of the world he will also be
flying blind there's something pathetic
here if Jared Kushner cannot pass muster
with the FBI what is he doing in the
White House if he's a security risk why
is this man handling highly sensitive US
policy if he weren't the president's
son-in-law how far down would he fall on
the list of those judge qualified 100
million two hundred million three
hundred million it wasn't just me saying
this Kushner's appointment was a mistake
it was history saying it if the
president done a little reading he would
have spotted it long before this
absurdity of having a top secret aide
with whom nobody wants to trust with the
top secrets and that's hardball for now
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
