welcome back there was lots of motion on
Capitol Hill today on guns but not a ton
of movement there appears to be some
agreement in the Senate but what they
agree on is hardly game-changing it's a
narrowly tailored bill to better enforce
current background check law so with
meaningful congressional action on gun
restrictions seemingly at a standstill
some frustrated Americans are asking if
other countries can serve as an example
during last week's White House listening
session on school safety one survivor of
the parkland Florida massacre looked to
Australia and Australia there was a
shooting at a school in 1999 you know
after that they took a lot of ideas they
put legislation together and they
stopped it can anyone here guess how
many shootings there have been in two
schools since then in Australia zero was
35 people who died in that mass shooting
that he was referring to in Australia
was in 1996 1999 afterwards under a
conservative Prime Minister automatic
and semi-automatic rifles were banned in
Australia they enacted a national
registry and a 28-day waiting period for
all gun purchases and 650,000 firearms
were taken out of circulation in a
national buyback program but Australia
of course doesn't have a right to bear
arms in their constitution they also
don't have a powerful gun lobby like the
NRA but could Australia's model still
have some legs in the United States say
on semi-automatic weapons or something
like that join me now former Prime
Minister of Australia Kevin Rudd he's
now president of the Asia Society Policy
Institute how Mr Rudd welcome to show
sir good to be on your program all right
it's easy for me to say all the
different ways what you guys did in
Australia can't happen can't work here
in the United States the biggest one
being our Constitution you don't have a
right to bear arms and yours we do but
what would you argue is the MOT what
what do you believe is transferable from
what you guys went through to what we're
experiencing now well in my predecessor
a conservative John Howard enacted
legislation to ban all automatic and
semi-automatic weapons from sale in
Australia
and from importation to Australia he had
national consensus behind him even the
sporting shooters Association of
Australia our equivalent of the NRA got
behind it the other thing we did was
fund a national gun buyback scheme which
basically took out about one-fifth the
entire gun stock from the country so
looking at America and I've lived here
now for three years the problem you have
is you've got this whole debate about
mental health checks fine but I think if
you really want to arrest the the rate
of mass shootings you've got to do
something directly about automatic and
semi-automatic weapons because their
ability just calm at cause mass carnage
within a few seconds is there and it's
transparent for us all to see we saw it
in Australia once or twice before 1996
and then we acted I cannot see how a
similar action was taken here that the
Supreme Court of this country would say
that the right to bear a semi-automatic
weapon he's going to offend your your
second Amendment rights I think so well
look there there is a lot of people who
look at one decision that was made and
it's called the Heller decision that
they essentially overturned a ban a gun
day and in washington d in this city of
washington DC as sort of a precedent
that says gun bans will never be
constant that's just a nonsense
anti-tank weapons field artillery why
not just a tactical nuke in terms of the
right to bear arms it's a nonsense the
only people who actually have a right to
use or have been in possession of
automatic and semi-automatic weapons are
members of our military that's what
they're there for
I grew up in a farm in rural Australia
we had lots of wild animals around the
place my father had a single gauge
shotgun which he used infrequently often
using the butt of a rifle in the
shooting bit and frankly we're supposed
to have the most dangerous right most
poisonous critters in the world in our
country I don't see how anyone in this
country has a legitimate need for one of
these pump action machines you're not
the the only Australian that looks at us
well you guys have a gun culture here
they did you guys don't have the same
gun culture now some would argue that
one of the reasons why we have it in our
Constitution is it was written in
response to a revolution and you didn't
have that same experience when your
Constitution was written
yeah but the British come back you don't
need a semi-automatic to deal with it I
just say that things have rolled on
that's true I don't think it's the
British we have to worry about I
understand the reason for militia I'm a
student of the Revolutionary War I full
marks to you guys in fact because you
won they set up a convict colony in our
part of the world that's just a
byproduct but the bottom line is this
too to think that you are now helpless
as a nation to change the laws I think
is just dead wrong given where the
Supreme Court could and should go in the
future on any challenge to getting rid
of semi-automatic equivalents could use
see the Supreme Court bench standing up
there in Washington DC and saying we
defending a semiotic weapon
semi-automatic weapons possession for
you Josh labott neck out there because
of your second Amendment rights I don't
think so well you came up with a
important point you have to have a
national consensus first before you can
institute something like this how did
the gun buyback promoting program
explain how that worked and what how you
did entice people let me know how much
money did they get well basically I
think it was kind of an equation of the
the original purchase price of the
weapon and when you say there's no gun
culture in Australia well there is a
little bit we're a rural country we're a
frontier country my state of Queensland
which is a rural part of Australia
two-thirds of us live outside the cities
and so that's where we live and have our
being and so there's a culture which
says I may need a rifle on my farm to
deal with you know wild animals or stuff
that's going to affect the stock or rip
things to pieces that's fine but if you
ask your average farmer we were average
sporting shooter who shoots clay targets
and whatever they need a semi-automatic
even those guys in my country including
my father and all those before and would
say you're nuts what else did you do to
address people's concerns and
purity because some of this has to do
with well I don't know if I can trust
the government to keep me safe well I
think in this country you've suffered
from sort of half a century of
government bashing we're basically
government equals evil equals bad and
therefore we can't trust them with
anything I mean that is a deep cancer in
this society which you can turn around
but I think there's a bit of a national
learned helplessness syndrome here in
the audit States about this you can do
it guys since the United States of
America a leader of the free world we
can do anything we want you can't change
your laws and you know those of us who
live here actually would like to see you
do it I always love getting a
perspective on us from the outside from
people going why aren't you tackling
this but we like this country there's so
many good things in America this is just
nuts now we get most things right yeah
you can do Kevin Rudd it's a nice
meeting you thanks for coming in good to
be with you and talking this through
much appreciate it
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
