Sabrina the other really interesting
story that's been bubbling up is Melania
Melania Trump
now clearly firing this outside adviser
a very high-powered New York event
planner who we now learn from the FEC
filings of the inaugural committee was
paid 26 million dollars for her role in
organizing this inaugural which was not
even nearly as expansive as the Obama
inaugural and which was done for far far
less mm-hmm yes and and the White House
is saying that Melania Trump was unaware
of the money that this forum that
there's now former advisor received as
part of the inaugural committee that she
wasn't really involved but this adviser
did mention milania's name a great deal
when she was part of the planning for
that inauguration this really stems from
government watchdogs who are looking for
more accountability as to how Trump's
inaugural committee raised 107 million
dollars and didn't provide a lot of
information for how they spent that
money another line that we've heard from
that is that they donated significantly
less to charity than they had previously
advertised so this has a lot to do I
think with transparency and and the way
in which that money was spent which as
you mentioned was twice more than twice
the amount that Obama's inaugural
committee spent and a record number
compared to previous inaugurations and
this outside advisors Stephanie Winston
well Cove is one of these New York event
planners who mark this isn't your world
or my world but it she had done the Met
Ball the costume ball mean when you're
dealing with the kind of money raised at
those events that is not a public sector
kind of event so this is a misstep by
yeah yes Andrea you know Donald Trump
had a strength being an outsider in the
presidential election but there's also
sometimes a weakness being such an
outsider with people who are from the
outside of planning these types of kind
of events and was mentioned the lack of
transparency was a big issue here hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
