joining us now Shelby sighs she's not
one of the students she's part of the
community initiative kids first politics
second she's the former president of the
moms club of parkland she's got three
young children not students at Stoneman
Douglas but younger children in Parkland
schools and she just got out of a
meeting with Florida Governor Rick Scott
Shelby thanks very much for being with
us the governor is highly rated by the
NRA he initially wasn't gonna meet with
students then he did and then he came
out and said he's gonna raise the age of
people who can buy a semi-automatic
weapons like an ar-15
- the same age as everybody else who can
buy a gun tell me what you what you and
the governor discussed well we discussed
a bunch of us discussed why we're here
and why we need to be here and why it's
important to be here and it was really
nice to hear from him thank him for his
leadership thank him for the dialogue
that he is and he's initiated its
historic dialogue and we're just we're
pleased that the communication is open
but we have a lot to do and we came up
here for a short term goal which is to
get something somethings better than
nothing at the end of the session it's
complicated
there's a lot of additional amendments
it's emotional we have 45 people from
Parkland that are here fighting for the
same thing which is just fear free
schools and to be safe and it's
complicated but we're very hopeful with
what the governor told us today that's
great across the board I think
universally everyone would agree school
safety is a priority but what is this
specific ask because one of the concerns
is there's all this great energy and
money being raised I'm looking at some
of these parkland kids who now have more
Instagram followers than than the NRA
does but here's the catch
Instagram followers don't count for
votes and single-issue voters Second
Amendment supporters all show up to vote
and they don't want their guns touched
so a single ask is very important here
and what is it that you're asking the
governor to do
well we realize that like I said it's a
short-term goal we're asking for you
know better gun laws but you know the
ban on assault rifles at this juncture
is just nearly impossible we understand
that we're realistic people we're
looking for short-term solutions with
the long term goal to come back and
continue to fight this issue isn't going
away in my community or my city or in
this state we've had statewide and
countrywide and worldwide support this
is not going away we're coming back so
we'll do the best we can to get what we
can what we can get now but we still
have a long way to go then what is that
short-term solution what does it look
like what would be a win for you well I
don't want to speak for the city but on
behalf of myself it as a parent of three
kids in that City
I think collectively we agreed that
we're will get as much we'll take as
much as we can get but we're having a
hard time with arming teachers there's
some provisions in there that we are
uncomfortable with and they're debating
it right now and it's it's it's intense
in there and we have our entire team
down there testifying today and it'll be
interesting to see what happens Shelby
thanks very much for joining us Shelby
sighs is uh with kids first politics a
second in parkland Florida
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
