hope it's talking with house
investigators behind closed doors that
is the expectation today and it is
really important to have the context
here Hicks is inner inner inner circle
when it comes to the president that's
right it doesn't get much closer to the
president than hope Hicks she is the
current communications director Hallie
as you well know but she's also the
former director of strategic
communications she served as then
candidate Trump's press secretary she
worked for the Trump Organization she
was close with Ivanka Trump worked with
Ivanka Trump as well so this is someone
who is not only a close aide but a
confidant to President Trump and really
to his family Halle I mean she is some
yeah who is in the inner inner circle as
you rightfully point out now in terms of
what we're expecting on Capitol Hill
today it is going to be behind closed
doors but the big question centers
around how much information hope Hicks
can give to lawmakers when she's on
Capitol Hill there's been a real back
and forth over the scope of some of
these encounters she's cancelled some
planned appearances because there's been
disagreement over how much information
she can divulge and we've seen a similar
back-and-forth for example with former
aide Steve Bannon who finally did appear
on Capitol Hill earlier this month the
in fact has appeared twice but even
earlier this month he didn't answer all
of lawmakers questions particularly
centered around the transition and his
time in the White House will vac of
course the time that lawmakers those on
the House Intelligence Committee want to
ask not only Steve Manon but hope Hicks
about when you think about some of the
specific instances you can bet she's
going to get some questions about that
response that she helped the president
craft about Donald Trump Jr's meeting
during the campaign with that Kremlin
linked attorney again Hallie we can't
stress this enough they're real
questions about how much information she
can actually bulge and talk about today
and it comes as the president is
tweeting a familiar tweet no surprise to
everyone he says witch-hunt
to lapse at some point all caps that's
right so that's the backdrop to yet the
meeting today Hallie
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
