America is having the gun debate again
this is the debate over who gets access
to guns and what type of guns but there
are forces who do not want to allow a
gun debate and so they're trying yet
again to switch this to a debate about
the Constitution about our founders
about the Second Amendment this is a
pivot it's a trick it is as one former
Supreme Court Justice put it a fraud
this has been the subject of one of the
greatest pieces of fraud I repeat the
word fraud on the American public by
special interest groups I have ever seen
in my lifetime that's former Chief
Justice Warren burger a Republican
appointee famously noting how those
groups have defrauded the public's
understanding of the Second Amendment
here's why the Second Amendment does not
apply to ar-15s it does not apply to
assault-style weapons it never has
Congress may legally ban those weapons
without touching the Second Amendment
that's a legal fact but it's hard for
many politicians to defend ar-15s it's
hard to explain why as a policy
trade-off it's more important to make it
easy to buy a ar-15s and to restrict
their use as weapons of mass murder so
politicians talk more about the Second
Amendment than these weapons i'ma start
believing the Second Amendment I don't
think those rights should be infringed
but how do we keep our children and
since you're saving schools so they
immediately start start calling that
we've got to take away the Second
Amendment rights of law-abiding citizens
that's that's not the right answer I am
NOT trying to caricature anyone's
position there are many legitimate
reasons to support gun ownership and
debate how to regulate guns you know I
grew up in a house with guns I get why
people use guns and need guns and love
guns so let's have that honest debate
about guns and the price we want to pay
for using them let's not do another
fraudulent debate pretending the Second
Amendment prevents us from regulating
weapons of war now I tried raising this
with Texas Republican Congressman
Michael
on the show just last week but instead
of talking about guns about ar-15s he
kept returning to the Second Amendment
for people who are wondering at home why
you have made it easier for people to
get ar-15s is why well there is a Second
Amendment right to keep and bear arms
and if that discussion then is to a
particular type of weapon you know so be
it but right now I don't think that is I
don't think that issue is demonstrable
proven if that's so that needs to be a
national conversation and likely that
will involve legislation and likely will
involve the courts might even involve a
constitutional amendment but we're far
away from that point right now the
congressman has every right to explain
his defense of ar-15s apparently he
didn't really want to he kept going back
to the Second Amendment so let's talk
for a minute about the Second Amendment
the Supreme Court has never ruled the
Second Amendment protects ar-15s or any
individual right to weapons of war and
it's not like the NRA crowd has not
tried the supreme court has repeatedly
rejected even hearing cases trying to
get Second Amendment protections for
those kind of guns in fact it did so
three times in the past three years take
just one of those cases an appeals court
ruled barring semi-automatic assault
weapons and large capacity magazines is
constitutional and does not violate the
Second Amendment that is the law the
Supreme Court has ruled what I just read
to you remains the law right now or take
the key case where the Supreme Court did
rule for an individual right to hand
guns Justice Scalia's famous 2008
opinion even there the court notes the
Second Amendment does not apply to just
any weapon whatsoever and there's the
key words it's not unlimited
that's Justice Scalia talking even in
the midst of his ruling for handguns he
was clear that other guns can still be
banned it will have to be decided in
future cases what limitations upon the
right to keep and bear arms are
permissible some
undoubtedly our so here is your second
amendment scorecard the Second Amendment
does protect handguns under the Supreme
Court precedent it does not protect
these ar-15s every serious expert on the
law and the Second Amendment already
knows that pro-gun legal advocates they
know it too and we know they know
because they are the ones who have been
trying to file all those cases to get
the courts to broaden the Second
Amendment to protect our a ar-15s which
is I just showed you the courts have
declined the Supreme Court won't even
hear those cases those are the facts
so as this debate goes on if someone
tells you we have to live with these
weapons because of the Second Amendment
either they don't know what they're
talking about or they think you don't
hey there are Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
