there's no question Bob Miller's Russia
probe is escalating closing in on some
of trumps inner circle Friday we saw
some of the most high-level
breakthroughs undercutting Trump's main
defense against this investigation well
I respect the move but the entire thing
has been a witch hunt and there is no
collusion between certainly myself and
my campaign but I can always speak for
myself there is collusion but it's
really with the Democrats and the
Russians far more than it is with the
Republicans and the Russians so the
witch hunt continues but it is really
unfair because it's like a witch hunt
it's not a witch hunt
the facts laid out pretty clearly Friday
showed this is not a witch hunt it's a
felony hunt Trump's national security
adviser and deputy campaign manager have
pled guilty to those felonies you see
plus three other pleas plus the campaign
chief indicted charged on 32 counts plus
those 13 Russians charged as well so
there is a real criminal scandal but is
it a Donald Trump scandal there are
skeptics arguing now that over a year
later there's still no public evidence
of fully executed collusion and no
smoking gun against Trump himself now in
a moment we'll hear from a journalist
who has argued this story was big from
the start David corn but we begin with
an account of skepticism about how high
this Russia problem goes a quarter Blake
Blake found shell makes the case for
more skepticism and he argues in a new
piece which has made some waves that the
Trump campaign was really a Viper's nest
of incompetence which makes it unlikely
it could coordinate a high-level
conspiracy
he adds there's no smoking gun for
collusion by Trump and there's also the
argument that if Michael wills fire and
fury and others are right who would
cheat for a game they didn't want to win
with me now to get this debate started
this conversation starters the author of
that provocative piece Blake hound sell
thanks for being here thanks for having
me Ari you're exploring skepticism I
want to be clear because you think this
is an important thing to probe not
because you have it in for one side or
the other why do you see this argument
for skepticism now even as the guilty
pleas pile up
well you know keep in mind that the
guilty pleas are not pointing in any
particular direction yet they might well
and I have no doubt that the Muller team
is carrying out its responsibility with
great seriousness as you noted there's
really no argument that the Russians
meddled in the election but what we
don't know yet Ari is whether the Trump
campaign at high levels was part of a
conspiracy to do that and I think given
the stakes involved given that we're
talking about the presidency people need
to wait until the evidence comes in
before they become the judge jury and
executioner here and I appreciate you
saying that and I thought your piece
laid that out in an important way take a
listen to some of the incompetents
argument made by none other than Jared
Kushner also hard for him to get near
the microphone so you know collusion and
amplification but but we wanted to play
it in his own words because that was
something he did say in a public setting
where there happened to be a recording
device does it make you more or less
inclined to believe the incompetence
defense when they are making it well
that was one of the points that I laid
out I having covered the campaign and
having seen just what a mess the Trump
campaign was on the inside that's one of
the things that gives me pause about the
the theory that the Trump was somehow
able to collude with the Russians and
keep it secret this campaign leaked like
a sieve people were leaking to reporters
damaging information about each other
all the time I tend to think that
something like this would have come out
there in the campaign if it had been
going on I want to bring in David corn
while you stay with me David you have
also been on this story a long time your
response well I think you gotta be
careful not to set up a straw man here I
don't know of anyone who says the Donald
Trump sat down with ambassador Sergey
cos lyac and decided what precincts in
Michigan Facebook ads would target
likely Trump voters that's not the type
of collusion that I think happened or
that we're even talking about too
eugen has been in some ways miscast as
they either were our standard that has
to be met here we do know that the Trump
campaign you know signaled to Moscow
again and again and again it had no
problem with with a Russian meddling in
the election that starts with the June
9th meeting in Trump Tower between Jared
Kushner Paul Manafort Donald Trump jr.
and a Russian emissary who they told was
bringing them dirt from the Russian
government and it continues through July
in August when George papadopolis is
trying to set up meetings with Putin's
own office and then it starts it
continues after August after Donald
Trump gets an intelligence briefing
saying that the Russians indeed are
meddling that the story is out there
about this are correct he continues to
deny this
give me the Russian cover well database
session yesterday but I think you lay it
out well and I think you know our
viewers are familiar with some of that I
think part of Blake's point to you and
then I'll go back to Blake would be that
might be really bad for US national
security might be really gross and it
might even be attempted collusion but
what do you make of his argument that
there's got to be more skepticism for a
kind of a pre-indictment aura around
Donald Trump for collusion itself well I
think the key thing is not whether they
sat down and planned details together I
want to know what sessions jeff sessions
were saying to kiss lyac before the
election and kiss lyac says that he was
talking to Mike Flynn too to me
collusion could mean this theoretically
that they were telling the Russians we
want to work with you afterwards while
they knew had reason to believe the
Russians were intervening in the
election thus incentivizing the Russians
and certainly helping them cover up what
they were doing to me that's as
important as whether they actually sat
down and planned anything together right
and that is important and that is
potentially legally important Blake yeah
I mean I think the key question is going
to be not these not these indictments
related to the Facebook activities but
whether Muller comes out with
indictments related to the DNC hacks and
the hack of John Podesta Z mails
because that really gets you into a
situation where we already know that
Donald Trump said publicly at a rally
Russia if you're listening please hack
Hillary Clinton's emails so we know that
he was publicly interested in doing this
but we don't know what it was whether
the Trump campaign somehow assisted or
worked with the Russians to facilitate
the release of those emails which would
be a crime and and David final question
what about the not so much the
incompetence defense but the victim
defense that many parts the Trump
campaign a lawyer could argue were
victims not only of a Russian operation
but also a poem an afford operation and
so you had highly placed people doing
bad stuff but you had a lot of other
people who had no idea some volunteer in
Ohio and maybe some high place person in
Washington confused not understanding
why the all this stuff was coming at
them well one thing is to get an idea of
what Paul Manafort was telling other
people within the campaign whether he
was saying anything at all about his
connections with Russians and with the
oligarch Deripaska I mean this to me re
not all collusion is necessarily even a
criminal matter I think if you have a
situation when that when Trump or his
surrogates are basically giving a not in
a wink to an information warfare
campaign against American democracy
that's a big deal and that's something
that perhaps the Congress should look at
more than Muller and I'm afraid we may
not get to that
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
