of senior adviser and first daughter
Ivanka Trump a source tells CNN Kelley
has remarked privately that Ivanka is
just quote playing government and as the
Kelly has largely brushed aside Ivanka's
agenda once disregarding her child tax
credit as a pet project that complicated
split role of being both a senior
advisor and the child of the President
of the United States played out
yesterday in an interview with NBC
Ivanka Trump represented the u.s.
presidential delegation at the Winter
Olympic Games in South Korea and NBC's
Peter Alexander sat down with her for a
wide-ranging exclusive interview Peter
asked Ivanka about the allegations of
sexual misconduct her father has been
accused of and has denied here is
Ivanka's answer do you believe your
father's accusers I think it's a pretty
inappropriate question to ask a daughter
if she believes the accusers of her
father when he is affirmative Lee stated
that there's no truth to it I don't
think that's a question you would ask
many other daughters I believe my father
I know my father so I I think I have
that right as a daughter to believe my
father the New York Times reports of
akut Ron's response facing pushback from
journalists and others online who point
out that she was at the Olympic Games in
an official capacity also has positioned
herself as a voice for women inside the
White House so the argument is if that's
Tiffany Trump sitting across from Peter
Alexander right you could make a case
that's an inappropriate question maybe
yeah you can argue we need to bait that
but if vodka Trump has positioned
herself in the West Wing as a senior
advisor has an office is supposed to be
at the forefront on women's issues
there's nothing unfair about that
question well I think I think you look
back how kids have been treated of
presidents and gene if you know people
didn't ask did the bush daughters those
questions much and didn't ask Chelsea
Clinton those questions but when Bobby
Kennedy was Attorney General Bobby
Kennedy had to answer a lot of tough
questions as as the brother of the
President United States so you know what
someone's thing about these two stories
they line up with what John Kelly's
chief argument seems to be against
Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner which is
choose one do you want to be daughter
and son-in-law or do you want to be
full-time White House staffers who work
around the clock and don't chat around
the world whenever you feel like it
that's the resentment that apparently
has grown inside the White House
yeah and it's understandable I mean you
you you got it you can't have it both
ways and and frankly that you know
watching that interview again it just
sort of reeks of of entitlement right i
I'm entitled to be you know one thing
one minute and the other thing the next
minute and how dare you ask me a
question that is perfectly appropriate
to ask someone with an office in the
West Wing of the White House and that's
what she is and she represents the
administration not just her father but
the United States on international trips
and wants to be taken seriously as as a
public official and so you have to
answer questions I think it's just
unacceptable that that that you take
that sort of attitude that that that you
can't ask me questions because it's my
dad well you know if you if you just
want it to be your dad then get out of
the White House
yeah and Mike to the questions a lot of
other people are asking is why did
somebody with no diplomatic training
with no experience in foreign policy why
did you send that person to talk to
South Korean leaders about what is the
most pressing national security issue of
this presidency not only that I mean
you're right Joe but I mean she's there
representing the President of the United
States in that theater of potential
conflict I mean you're what an hour from
the border with North Korea the most
yeah and Heidi this is just the nepotism
factor here is one thing the idea that
both
Ivanka and her husband Jared who doesn't
have a security clearance are in and out
of the Oval Office sometimes as
son-in-law and daughter sometimes as
senior advisors according to your
sources I mean this has just got to be
adding to the constant hourly burden
that John Kelly is carrying and now as
you see the president has shifted even
more of that burden to him with the
issue of Jared security clearance now he
says oh well it will be up to you John
Kelly with John Kelly knowing that he's
in an impossible situation because jared
is not there in terms of his deep well
of experience on Middle East issues or
working in in Mexico he's there simply
because of his blood relations so based
on what do you provide this man with a
waiver and now that is put unto John
Kelly shoulders but to the issue of
Ivanka's well I just want to point out
one other thing she's not just an
adviser to her father but her portfolio
from the very beginning was built upon
being a champion for women and so this
question in particular has particular
residents given that this country now is
in a place with the me2 movement that
those issues are front and center and so
it's a doubly appropriate question just
because of the debate that we're having
in our country right now well and and
that and John Kelly and the CNN report
even derided her child tax credit so
apparently the friction really is
between John Kelly and Ivanka Trump and
Jared Kushner and we'd heard that Ivanka
and Jared had been trying for some time
to push John Kelly yeah well it's not
like she's transportation secretary she
came in there to fight for women and she
can't handle a question like that the
whole thing clearly is a joke an utter
joke just like milania's role on cyber
you know bullying which i think is an
insult to women completely and expected
a John Kelly to be forced to put out a
nice
in about Ivanka and how effective she is
well I mean Melania will add to the
general Anya Trump continuing to talk
about cyberbullying when the cyber
beyond comprehension continues when you
have her husband saying that a New York
Senator actually implying that a New
York senator would be willing to do
sexual favors for campaign donations and
a thousand other attacks against women
you you had another people on Twitter
people that are or he considers weaker
than than him that's that's cyber
bullying social more insulting to women
these went these women have been given
fake jobs well she needs to call out the
president or she needs to stop talking
about cyber bullying again just choose
it was fine if you want to continue
saying it's okay for him to attack women
with this Twitter feed and online that's
that's her choice that she has to live
with but don't then say I'm going to be
a champion of cyber bullying you can't
do both and Ivanka can't play the
daughter card if she is America's top
diplomat and the most critical crisis of
our time beyond comprehension
well she's the America's top diplomat
because there's no ambassador to South
Korea right thirteen and as you say it
can't have it both ways
you're a White House senior advisor you
stand in there you face me there for
women she's smart enough she's tough
enough to answer those questions you
can't throw up the human shield of being
the daughter every time a pitch comes
under your chin pretty unbelievable
coming up President Trump says he would
have rushed into the scene of the
Florida school shooting to stop the
gunman even if he was unarmed Morning
Joe is coming right back thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
