well president Trump hosted the nation's
governors of the White House yesterday
where they discussed school safety in
the wake of the Florida school shooting
in the meeting the president promised
executive action to make bump stocks so
difficult to purchase they would be
quote gone he also emphasized the need
to fund mental institutions for people
making violent threats like the Florida
school shooter and he revealed that he
recently met with leaders of the NRA and
believes they would take quick action to
support new gun restrictions I had lunch
with Wayne LaPierre
chris cox and david lehman of the nra
and i want to tell you they want to do
something and i said fellas we got to do
something it's too long now well we got
to do something and we're gonna do very
strong background checks very strong I'm
gonna do background checks if we see a
sicko I don't want them having a gun and
you know I know there was a time when
anybody could have I mean even if they
were sick they were fighting and I said
fellas we can't do it anymore and
there's no bigger fan of the Second
Amendment than me and there's no bigger
fan of the NRA and these guys are great
Patriots they're great people and they
want to do something they got to do
something when we see somebody is sick
like this guy when the police went to
see him they didn't do a good job but
they have restrictions on what they can
do we got to give him immediate access
to taking those guns away so that they
don't just leave and he sit there with
seven different weapons
got to give them immediate access don't
worry you're not gonna get any and you
won't don't worry about the NRA they're
on our side you guys have for you are so
afraid of the NRA there's nothing to be
afraid of and you know what if then our
with you we have to fight him every once
in a while that's okay oh gee that's
interesting coming from Donald Trump at
a Republican president but there are a
few of those things that he mentioned
that a lot of people would have loved to
see after Newtown so if we have strong
expanded background checks if we figure
out a way as a country to take guns out
of the hands of those who
are mentally ill and shouldn't be having
a gun I mean to me that sounds like a
step forward what do you think yeah of
course it would be a step forward and I
look I think you know I I think there
are other steps common-sense steps that
should be taken that go beyond that that
the NRA would hate and but but sure if
we could do those things I think we
ought to do them and do them now I
wonder however if the president heard
when Lapierre speech last week at CPAC
when he was foaming at the mouth and and
basically saying you know anybody who
says we ought to do anything is a is a
socialist who's trying to destroy
America and I think the the you know the
the members of Congress who heard the
president probably feel they have a lot
of reasons to be afraid of the NRA and
until that equation now you know maybe
Donald Trump has the sort of stature or
authority or is in a position to buck
the NRA if he wants to but do you really
think he wants to do you really think
he's gonna do it I you know one has to
believe it when one sees it well if
history is a guide he won't do it
exactly he's bounced back and forth on
dreamers he's talked about what he's
wanted to do and which I actually
believe he wants to do and then he's
pushed back by his own base and scared
by its own base but hiding or just
holler I had a long conversation with
one of the smartest people I know when
it comes to gun laws and gun rights eats
he's is fiercely pro-second amendment as
anybody I know and we were just having a
talk last week and I said okay was so
where is the meeting ground and he
actually said because the meeting ground
is where the NRA already said the
meeting ground is which is there they
said they were fine with bumps talks at
first why don't we have a law on what
why isn't Congress moved on bumps talks
and they said why hasn't Congress moved
on the corn and
bill yeah in the corn and Murphy bill he
said the NRA has told Congress that's
fine
go on the corn and Murphy bill it closes
a lot of hoop loopholes it makes
background checks better Wayne LaPierre
even said in 99 he supported stronger
background checks and yet Congress even
with the president saying move even with
the NRA saying move like like the
president said are so scared of their
own shadow when somebody whispers the
NRA they won't even do things that the
NRA said is okay to do what's like
what's going on Joe we don't know
exactly what's happening behind the
scenes when the NRA says it actually
supports this thing's guess what the
fixed NICs aspect was a part of the
manchin-toomey bill back in 2012 that
the NRA helped kill so we cannot
underestimate the pressure and the iron
fist of what is happening with the NRA
behind the scenes with these lawmakers
you just look at what's happening here
we have a very short window in the
aftermath of these tragedies to act and
you read the faces and the statements of
these lawmakers for instance joe Manchin
who really put himself out there coming
from a red state the last go-around will
not even commit to being a champion this
time now he's got a tough election
coming up but I think that is very
telling it's very telling that the
number two ranking Republican John
Cornyn will not back this president when
it comes to increasing the age for
purchasing semi-automatic firearms and
then just to get into the to the weeds
on the fix Nick's yes to your point then
we've got profound dysfunction within
the Congress where by the Republicans
there are some Republicans who look at
that it's a modest measure and yet they
still have issues with due process and
then Democrats who say it's not enough
and there we are left in the same darn
position that we've been in in the
aftermath of every single one of these
tragedies done thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
