well in the fantasy land that is Trump
world the character name Donald Trump
who is played by the man Donald Trump is
a truth-telling superhero not a
pathological liar and the most cowardly
president the United States has ever had
no president has ever exhibited the
cowardice toward Russia and Vladimir
Putin that Donald Trump has the United
States has never had a president so
cowardly as to refuse to even comment on
the Chinese government moving back
toward authoritarianism by eliminating
term limits for its president who is now
in a position to become president for
life every previous president Democrat
Republican would have expressed some
kind of disappointment didn't diplomatic
language some kind of objection to China
taking this disturbing tip to step back
into democracy but not Donald Trump all
he has ever been able to say about the
president of China is I like him nothing
else as if nothing else matters and so
today the most abject ly cowardly man
who has ever occupied the presidency of
the United States said something that no
previous president including the
presidents who were shot at in combat
would have said you know I really
believe you don't know until you test it
but I think I really believe I'd run in
there even if I didn't have a weapon and
I think most of the people in this room
would have done that too because I know
most of you Donald Trump who like most
of us has never run toward the sound of
gunfire in his life says he would have
done that in Parkman Florida at Marjory
Stoneman Douglas High School to save
children he is not related to consider
for a moment how he has treated the
children he is related to here he is on
a rainy day this year
protecting his hair as his hair climbs
the stairs of Air Force One at first he
seems to be alone in the rain but then
his 11 year old son appears behind him
the son he left behind in the rain
because protecting his hair is more
important than protecting his son he
also left his
third and current wife behind him in the
rain she's used to that she handled it
the way she always does as if she and
Donald Trump are just two strangers
boarding the same airplane Donald Trump
jr. went a year amore not speaking to
his father because of the way his father
treated his mother there is no hint that
Donald Trump was ever troubled by the
break in contact with his first set of
children with his first wife he actually
bragged about being disinterested in the
lives of his children and so it is that
man who asked us to believe today that
he would have been the superhero of the
Stoneman Douglas shooting and he would
have been doing it for other people's
children before Donald Trump entered the
business of tricking believers in
fantasy to vote for him he did not
pretend to be a superhero I'm not good
for medical you know in other words like
if you like cut your finger and there's
blood pouring out yes you're gone I'm
gone I'll tell you what I was at
mar-a-lago and we had this incredible
ball the Red Cross ball right in Florida
and Bob Beach Florida
so you have all these really rich people
and a man about 80 years old very
wealthy men a lot of people didn't like
him he fell off the stage Wow so what
happens is this guy falls off right on
his face hits his head and I thought he
died and you know what I did I said oh
my god that's disgusting and I turned
away oh my god that's disgusting and I
turned away that's the only story we
have of Donald Trump's reaction to
another human being in distress possibly
fatal distress another human being whose
life is in danger oh my god that's
disgusting
and I turned away there's more to the
story you know he was right in front of
me I turned to wet it went attached he's
bleeding all over the place I felt
terribly you know beautiful marble floor
didn't look so good
it became very red and you have this
poor guy 80 years old laying on the
floor unconscious and all of the rich
people are turning away oh my god this
is terrible this is disgusting and you
know they're turning away nobody wants
to help the guy his wife is screaming
she's sitting right next to him she's
screaming she's screaming Dahle Trump
insisted today but if he heard screaming
from inside a school that he would run
toward the screaming he would run toward
the assault rifle that was causing that
screaming but in his own telling of a
shocked woman screaming about her
husband possibly dying on the floor
beside her and beside Donald Trump all
Donald Trump is concerned about is quote
the beautiful marble floor it didn't
look so good to change colors it was
very red in the Trump story of the
injured man and the injured floor the
man didn't die but Donald Trump was very
proud of being utterly indifferent to
whether the man lived or died after the
man suffered his life-threatening
accident on a Trump property Donald
Trump didn't bother to make a phone call
to see how he was doing I forgot to call
to say is he okay he was okay yeah it's
just that my thing so you know when you
were trading get you get the disease
through the funnyman disease I just
don't like looking at blood I just don't
like looking at blood just not my thing
today a superhero Trump character asked
Americans in the world to believe that
he would have run into that school that
was filled with blood and he would have
run into that school to save children
and he would have done it even if he
didn't have a weapon and in classic
Trump style knowing that he was
stretching even his strongest supporters
ability to believe in that fantasy he
made everyone in that room with him
complicit in his lie I really believe
I'd run into even if I didn't have a
weapon and I think most of the people in
this room would have done that too
because I know most
you most of them would not have done it
here our heroes are called heroes
because they do things that most of us
would not do that's what Donald Trump
doesn't understand and that's what
Donald Trump disgraced today he
disgraced the very concept of hero by
trying to steal that concept for himself
most people would not run toward the
sound of gunfire in that school most
parents might most parents of the
children in that school probably would
run toward that gunfire to try to save
their children but most of the 39
governors that the president was
speaking to today when he said that
would absolutely not
run into that school with or without a
weapon to save the children in that
school who they did not know there is a
debate among some Trump observers on the
question of is Donald Trump a liar or is
he delusional and it does not have to be
either/or he can be sometimes a fully
conscious liar and at other times fully
delusional this appears to me to be a
case where he knew he was lying about
himself which is why he roped in
everyone else in the room that was a
conscious choice to use everyone in that
room to insulate him from his own lie
Donald Trump came in second for the vote
for president and first in the electoral
college with a coalition of voters some
of whom were clearly rational the voters
for example who simply wanted lower
taxes and they didn't care about
anything else or the book the voters who
are opposed to all abortions and don't
care about anything else or the voters
who want to be very tough on immigration
in the southern border those are policy
based votes you can disagree with them
but they are policy based votes but
Donald Trump could not have won the
electoral college without the hate based
vote that turned out for him the racist
the public white supremacists like David
Duke and a very very important component
of the Trump vote the believers in
fantasy Donald Trump would not be
President tonight if millions of his
voters were not living
the grip of fantasy fantasy that Donald
Trump is a superhero and so the worst
thing for America today about what
Donald Trump said is not so much that
the pathological liar lied once again
it's that some unknown number of utterly
delusional Americans will believe that
Donald Trump would have run in there
even if he didn't have a weapon the
president's daughter was asked this
weekend by NBC's Peter Alexander if she
believes her father or if she believes
the women who have accused her father of
sexual assault and sexual harassment and
she said this I believe my father I know
my father so I I think I have that right
as a daughter to believe my father which
leads to the question do you believe
your mother do you believe your mother
who accused your father of raping her is
that one of the reasons your brother
Donald Jr stopped speaking to your
father we'll have more on that interview
with Ivanka Trump later this hour but
that interview occurred before her
father said I'd run in there even if I
didn't have a weapon does Ivanka Trump
believe her father would do that does
Ivanka Trump believe her father would
run toward the sound of gunfire to save
children even if he didn't have a weapon
is there any chance that a vodka Trump
would try to say I believe my father
about that lot or would Ivanka Trump
offer some word iver iation on the White
House press Secretary's answer to that
question today I think he was just
stating that as a leader he would have
stepped in and hopefully been able to
help as a number of the individuals that
were in the school the coach and other
adults and even a lot of the students
stepped up and helped protect other
students I think the point he was making
is that he would have wanted to have
played a role in that as well even the
White House press secretary even the
White House press secretary who has
always previously been willing to
support virtually every lying Fanta
the president Trump offers was unable to
say of course he would have run in there
even if he didn't have a way a vaca
Trump will no doubt revert to her normal
practice of hiding from reporters for
the foreseeable future in the meantime
chaos and madness will be piled upon
chaos and madness in the Trump White
House and today's fantasy of Trump as
superhero will be will fall far behind
us so that she will never probably be
asked if her father would have run in
there if he didn't have a weapon but if
she is asked that question this this
will absolutely not be her answer I
believe my father I know my father so I
I think I have that right as a daughter
to believe my father
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
