we know that President Trump when he's
not golfing on the weekends likes to get
a good dose of executive time watching
Fox News on Saturday night alone he
tweeted at Fox News three times
including a promotion of his upcoming
phone interview with Jeanine Pirro which
he then retweeted soon after his boner
was over Trump likes to stay on brand
with the fine folks at Trump TV and this
was one of the president's tweets as he
reacted to the Democratic memo being
released
congrat congressman Schiff omitted and
discordant key facts at Fox News so what
else is new he is a total phony we look
carefully that tweet appears to say that
Fox News is reporting you see those
quotation marks there the congressman
Adam Schiff omitted and assorted key
facts turns out that is not at all what
Fox News reported this time the blame
does not lie with Fox News what happens
when you take Fox News and run it
through the president's Twitter feed is
thing too in 60 seconds so Saturday
night president Trump gleefully tweeted
out a quote from Fox News about
congressman Aaron Adam Schiff
congressman Schiff omitted and distorted
key facts at Fox News but this is what
the president appears to have seen less
than an hour earlier on Fox News
congressman Schiff he argues the
Republican memo omitted and distorted
key facts he was trying that it was
initially meant to mislead the public
okay that was what Fox News anchor
Melanie Lyon actually said in fact she
was quoting portions of shifts own tweet
code some time ago Republicans on our
committee released a Declassified memo
that omitted and distorted key facts in
order to mislead the public but let's
just look at how the Fox anchors line
was reproduced by Trump exactly the
opposite thing Trump will lose the key
context shift argues the Republican memo
omitted and distorted key facts without
those words in the middle you arrived at
Trump's wildly out of context tweet see
what he did there
Trump literally omitted key words and
distorted the facts even for president
who according The Washington Post has
made more than 2,000 false or misleading
claims over 355 days that is a
particularly flagrant
use of executive time
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
