let's take a look at what teachers will
be up against if they were armed with a
handgun and confronted with a weapon
like an ar-15
an ar-15 style rifle well that's a
semi-automatic weapon meaning the fire
it fires one round when the trigger is
pulled then automatically reloads the
chamber making it ready to fire again
handguns can also be semi-automatic but
some like revolvers they're not meaning
it can take a lot longer to fire
multiple rounds another big difference
the speed of bullets the ar-15 can fire
bullets between 2,800 and 3,000 feet per
second a 9-millimeter handgun
between 700 and 1100 feet per second the
ar-15 can hold much more ammunition than
a handgun
a typical ar-15 magazine holds 30
bullets while a nine-millimeter handgun
holds 15 magazines that hold more are
available for each firearm one doctor
who has seen ar-15 and handgun injuries
gives a stark comparison of the damage
each firearm can do to a person's body
she says quote routine handgun injuries
leave an entry and exit wound and linear
tracks throughout the victim's body that
are roughly the size of a bullet when
she saw the damage from a parkland
victim she said the organ looked like an
overripe melon smashed by a sledgehammer
with extensive bleeding I want to bring
in Malcolm Nance MSNBC terrorism analyst
retired from the US Navy Malcolm you
have trained for years as a fighter in
the military you fired weapons dozens of
times I've never done anything like it
walk me through what happens to your
body in the middle of danger well you
know the psychology and physiology of
what happens in a firefight is
completely dependent on the individual
everybody behaves differently I mean the
way I felt the first time someone ever
shot at me which was overseas in a in a
military operation and in in in the
Middle East you know you I froze up for
about a second and then realized I was
in mortal danger and look for cover your
you have to be trained to
want to get up and go into fire and
that's what the Armed Forces does for
you I went through SWAT officer training
when I got out of the military and the
first thing they do is they teach you is
to really lock up and then move in on a
target and that's what active shooter
training is for in law enforcement but
if you're not really trained you're not
proficient it's not like the movies and
the movies have nothing to do with
reality you are putting yourself where
you could be killed it's as simple as
that
then let's walk through that difference
because this idea that a teacher could
have a concealed weapon I mean that's a
pistol that's a handgun when a mass
shooter enters a school and when we
usually see this happen they're wearing
protective headgear they're wearing you
know a Kevlar vest it's not like it's a
cat burglar in your bedroom pulling your
wedding ring out of a drawer and you
pull a tiny handgun and go after them
what is it like when an ar-15 is going
after your body and you've got a handgun
well that again you know that's really a
matter of understanding and training we
have a lot of people who are going on
you know what they think they see in the
movies if you've got a handgun and
that's all the tool that you have you
have to be extremely well trained to go
out and engage someone who has a fully
automatic or semi-automatic weapon let
me tell you the semi-automatic weapon
fired and rapping sequence is just as
good we had a circle you know and to be
quite honest depending on the distance
that you're away you have to understand
that civilians don't understand in close
quarters the first thing that you're
gonna have to experience is the
explosive sound of the weapon going off
not yours the shooters it practically
defens you in a in US in an urban
environment inside of a school building
like that it's not like the movies where
you can actually hear it's like
someone's stabbing your ear with a knife
so if you can get past that and still
move you will be conducting a gun battle
a fire fight with people running back
and forth in front of you it's just you
know unless you are a very very skilled
soldier or a police officer who has
already been through that through
simulation or through an actual incident
it's it
cannot even start to predict the effect
all right I don't know Ivanka Trump's
expertise in the world of guns but it
sounds as though she's kind of
supporting her father's idea to arm some
teachers and I want to share what she
told NBC's Peter Alexander I think that
having a teacher who is armed who cares
deeply about her students or his
students and who is capable and
qualified to bear arms is not a bad idea
but it's an idea that needs to be
discussed Ivanka says that's not a bad
idea what do you think that's a
ludicrous idea it's just the worst idea
I've ever heard
look when I went through SWAT training
and we would come into a scenario where
we had a hostage barricade or a
suspected one the first thing we're
doing is we come in weapons high and
we're looking for your hands I see a
handgun we're gonna engage and that's
what law enforcement does if you are a
teacher who thinks you're doing a
defensive you know pose and protecting a
student law enforcement just assume
you're the shooter and if we start
introducing 510 guns into that school
the the complexity of target
identification and clearance and knowing
whether that individual is safe or
whether they're actually complicit and
waiting for you to turn your back it's
absolutely mind-boggling law enforcement
will go to the default which is to shoot
the person with the gun hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
