well late today the New York Times
dropped a bomb show and investigative
report about the source of president
Trump's money a report that dramatically
challenges Trump's carefully crafted
image as a self-made billionaire quote
The Times's investigation based on a
vast trove of confidential tax returns
and financial records reveals that mr.
Trump received the equivalent today of
at least 413 million dollars from his
father's real estate empire starting
when he was a toddler and contending to
this day that's 400 million not the
million he used to claim well this story
details the extreme lengths that the
president's father would go to to pass
along his fortune ultimately
transferring over 1 billion dollars to
all of his children while managing to
pay only 5% and gift and and hurt his
taxes well it should be about 55 percent
legally it is and it was 5% most
damaging tonight according to The Times
president shop participant in dubious
tax schemes during the 1990s including
instances of outright fraud that greatly
increased a fortune he received from his
parents when his statement to The Times
a lawyer to President Trump called the
report 100% false and highly defamatory
what is defamatory saying there was no
fraud or tax evasion by anyone however
it could be accurate to Albert Trump's
attorney added that President Trump had
virtually no involvement whatsoever with
these matters I'm joined now by the
author well first of all US Congressman
Eric's wahwah Democratic congressman
from California
Carolyn policia a criminal defense
attorney and David Barstow one of the
New York Times reporters who broke this
story he joins me my phone David this
story it does open up the question I
mean I was doing the math 400,000 for a
million dollars days about well it's
about 50 million back then back in the
60s it's still a hell of a lot of money
back then in nominal terms how did they
wire it how did he get that money to his
son we documented 295 different ways
that thread from found ways to funnel
money to to his children and especially
to Donald Trump and it started when
Donald was a toddler age 3
and it's continued throughout Donald
Trump's adolescence into adulthood and
well into his 40s and 50s and what what
what Fred Trump did was as much as what
genius as he was about real estate
he was also endlessly creative and kind
of concocting new ways to get money to
his to his son so he didn't just put him
on his payroll but she also made him his
banker and he made in his landlord and a
consultant and the purchasing agent and
the property manager even gave him the
laundry money from his buildings and and
and so one big component of the story is
to actually describe the extent to which
Donald Trump's wealth was really
intertwined very much so with his
father's wealth the second really
important point is that the amount of
money that Fred Trump passed to his son
through gift in an inherence was greatly
increased by a number of very dubious
tax schemes including some instances of
outside fraud outright fraud and in one
case as we described in the story the
trauma family set up a sham corporation
that was basically designed to siphon
cash out of Fred Trump's empire and into
the pockets of the Trump children in a
way that would have made the 55 percent
tax on gifts and there are a number of
other things that we lay out in this in
this story which we also I should note
went to great lengths to actually make
available to our readers the source
documents the actual tax returns the
actual financial documents that form the
basis of this investigation a hell of a
story David Barr start the New York
Times what a story thank you for joining
us by phone David let me go to
congressman small well it seems to me
that one of the Alfred Hitchcock
questions going in or Eliot Ness
questions going into this tight Trump
from day one was how come unlike every
other presidential can including Hillary
Clinton is returns
here we are a classic example what if
this is all true and this is New York
Times he was hiding this
yeah we're not how he wasn't a self-made
billionaire he was an inherited rich kid
well we've always thought that Donald
Trump was born on third base this
investigation shows that he was actually
born in the trophy case yet he still
managed to screw it up but we're not
helpless here Chris because Donald Trump
could just come clean and release his
tax returns or the House Republicans
could demand that and you only have to
do that do that as well or have them I
would suspect he does I don't even know
if he needs him for what his mandate is
yeah but the Republicans could do this
but I promise you if we win the house we
will do all the investigations that
they've been unwilling to do and then we
get out of the issue we've been dealing
with with kavanah basic honesty okay
Donald Trump has repeated again and
again the claim that only he only
received a small loan from his father
when he went into adulthood which he
turned into this vast billion plus
fortunate his let's watch him doing that
promise against the reality we have just
discovered thanks to the timepiece it's
not been easy for me it has not been
easy for me and you know I I started off
in Brooklyn my father gave me a small
loan of a million dollars I came into
Manhattan and I had to pay him back and
I had to pay him back with interest but
I came into Manhattan I started buying
up properties and I did great Caroline
what do you make of that claim anyway in
fact according to The Times in this
article Trump's father gave him alone
over a loan again and again many never
repaid he provided money for his car
money for his employees money to buy
stock money for his first Manhattan
offices money to renovate those offices
he gave him three trust funds he gave
shares and multiple partnerships
he gave him $10,000 Christmas checks he
gave laundry revenue from while laundry
rather not laundry but laundry revenue
from his buildings Caroline this guy was
not born first base million dollars been
a small loan not not in my world but in
any event if the reporting is true it
does seem like there has been a
decades-long pattern and practice of not
just outright fraud necessarily but sort
of death by a thousand cuts of the tax
code and and small ways of sort of
outsmarting and and indeed performing
illegal sort of maneuvers in many cases
under
the price of certain certain properties
when it behooves them in terms of how it
pertains the tax code and then over
valuing them in other circumstances so
you know the hallmark of any criminal
prosecution obviously is a knowing and
willful violation of the law even though
the statute of limitations has long
since passed on on a criminal charge
it's you know three or six years
depending on how you look at it
certainly there still could be civil
charges up for up for debate up for
charging here well you know congressman
he has an amazing ability to slip out
from under claims I mean he he's the
little guy that made it big you know and
the Sinatra type and then you find a
nice knot and yet he just slips right
through these things I mean I didn't me
just say something else yeah but to be
an effective president you have to be a
trusted president and right now the
American people deserve to know if he's
a fraud and if the president has
convinced them that he was successful in
the way he became successful is truly
fraudulent how can they believe that he
will make them successful and it's a
really credibility issue you think
somebody running and running against him
for president in a couple years starting
pretty soon actually the campaign begins
we'll be able to make a case that he's
the guy who pulled the con yes but he
heard and saw a lot of people who were
not heard and seen but because he's so
fraudulent and because he's a cheat he's
not able to deliver for them and those
issues are still there and those people
will still be counting on someone to
deliver for them I just wanted Caroline
policing whether Joe Sixpack can be well
that old phrase for the average guy the
average woman is going to buy the fact
that he's one of them now well you know
it looks like what based on the the
statement that Charles hardier gave
about the Times reporting it looks like
they're going to employ some sort of
advice of counsel defense which is
basically look the tax code is endlessly
complicated for the average man to
understand and it's basically hiding
behind your lawyer saying look I had no
idea what was going on here we employed
legitimate people for the purposes of
doing our taxes and so on and so forth
so who knows if that will pass muster it
seems to me like it seems pretty clear
that he was well aware of what was going
on hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or
over on this list to see lots of other
great videos
