on the idea of raising the age on
assault weapons from 18 to 21 are you
personally as supportive of that I'm
very skeptical about that because the
vast majority of 18 19 20 21 year-olds
are law-abiding citizens who aren't a
threat to anyone what about the ar-15
specifically and here's the problem
Chuck there's a lot of hunting rifles
that are as powerful as an ar-15 the
difference between the ar-15 and an
awful lot of commonly sold rifles it's
just cosmetic you know it's got it's got
a grip under the barrel and it's painted
black that is that doesn't change its
lethality Republican Senator Pat Toomey
xan sirs showing just how nuanced or
even confused the gun debate has become
it was after all senator Toomey who led
a bipartisan effort to expand background
checks following the Sandy Hook
elementary school shooting for more on
all of this let's bring in another
Republican lawmaker from Pennsylvania
congressman Ryan Costello congressman
it's good to see you thank you very much
for coming in tonight you are in a
suburban Philadelphia district do you
think that assault weapons should be
banned how far should this go it's a
good question if you saw congressman
Brian mast put out a an op-ed this
weekend which I think was right on point
laying out the previous well and if you
look in that editorial he said let's
what's the definition of it and so I
think you have to have a working
definition that we all can agree to I
think the real problem right now
with this debate is you have people very
passionate saying the same words meaning
different things if we start we look the
Toomey mansion bill should pass that
should be done bomb stock should be done
we need to do the fix Nick's bill I
think that there's a group of things
that everyone can agree to and then we
move into this discussion and hopefully
develop a vocabulary that everyone can
wrap their arms or yes so let's let's
kind of explore this a little bit more
you're essentially saying that if it's
crafted correctly you could support a
certain type of assault weapons ban yeah
I mean if you look at what a congressman
masse laid out you're talking about the
type the how quickly the bullets come
out what types of bullets are used those
are the sorts of things where I think we
need to lay that all of the facts on the
table so that we are all using the same
definition what
I think was the point of his editorial
he also went and laid out about four or
five other things that I think that we
need to get done the the leadership the
House Republican leadership has
essentially paired in in in this case it
was the fix next bill that you just
referenced so yeah
much different from the assault weapons
ban but but they paired that with
concealed carry reciprocity which
essentially means that if you have a
concealed carry if you have a concealed
weapons permit in one state it has to be
recognized by other states right do you
think leadership do you think that's the
right thing to do so I've heard people
to connect those things I voted against
the concealed carry reciprocity bill
because I don't think in one state in a
state that has less of a background
check system or a permitting system in
order to get a concealed carry you
shouldn't be able to go from West
Virginia into Pennsylvania if you don't
have to do in pence in West Virginia
what you would have to do to get a
concealed carry in Pennsylvania so I
voted against it having said all that
the fix next I think everyone can agree
to I think moving forward I hope that
leadership would take up what can pass I
mean we get into the challenging space
here where your last panel was speaking
about why to me Manchin couldn't pass
the Senate if we're gonna get something
done and here's the big frustration with
the American people I think there are
those that may not be totally engaged in
the vocabulary of the gun debate that
say I understand that you that this bill
would not have prevented that tragedy
that just happened but this bill is
common-sense so your inability to do
even the common-sense stuff really
frustrates me and I'm asking myself why
don't you do this stuff that should get
done it regardless of yeah I mean that's
that's what I think most of the country
is I think 70 or 80 percent of the
country has a common-sense gun-safety
reform set of principles that we could
easily put into action and that's where
I am on them the polling certainly shows
that now your district Pennsylvania has
obviously been redistricted you are in
suburban Philadelphia and we were just
chatting about this it looks like they
have put you into a new version of your
district that if in fact that line those
lines hold would have gone for Hillary
Clinton four by nine points right so are
you gonna run again from the election
interestingly I mean in 2012 Mitt Romney
won the district by one in 2016 Hillary
Clinton won it by one now as its
proposed
Hilary would win it by nine and only now
do some people deem it to be a fair
district you know that the problem with
this redistricting issue besides the
fact that the judges did something that
they weren't allowed to do there's no
there's no statutory or constitutional
authority to do what they did I think in
federal court next week it may very well
get struck down but as we talk about the
gun debate this is a very important
point and you're Jake Sherman mentioned
it earlier
this redistricting plan which I think
will get struck down as unconstitutional
because the judges didn't have the
authority to do it makes more can makes
conservative districts more conservative
Democratic or liberal districts more
democratic and liberal and actually
increases political polarization in the
state and then takes competitive
Republican districts that are just
slightly Republican and tries to make
them as Democratic as possible it does
certainly represent the number of
Democrats who live in Pennsylvania
well actually five thirty eight.com says
that Pennsylvania is the single most
democratic clustered state in the
country and that's because one-third of
all Democrats reside in either
Philadelphia or Allegheny County so if
we're talking about compactness unless
you want to spread out and not focus on
compactness which is what the court said
they wanted to do that necessarily
there's going to be some districts that
are very very democratic in the city but
be that as it may at will I mean here's
what should happen the Legislature
should pass a redistricting reform
package that's how it should get done so
if the court allows this to stand will
you run for real I got so killed any
hope of winning reelection if I were I
would imagine that I will win if I no
matter if I run the question listen
here's what's gonna I think that's gonna
happen I think that the federal district
court is going to strike this down the
state Supreme Court had no authority to
do what they did and in fact they did
two things that are totally outrageous
number one there are two districts that
are protected under civil rights law
under the Voting Rights Act a majority
minority district there are two of them
the state Supreme Court just got rid of
one of them no expert testimony no
explanation as to why they would get rid
of one of those districts the upshot is
you think what they did is not legal and
oh there's no less it's gonna be a no
question okay congressman Ryan Costello
thank you very much hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click
over on this list to see lots of other
great videos
