the drift of the Republican Party which
had begun before Trump which has been
rapidly accelerated since Trump is one
where we are now we traditional
conservatives now find ourselves in the
strange position of having to defend not
this or that public policy so much as
elemental decency acting like a grown-up
and and and just adhering to civility I
want to play what you had to say on the
subject of hypocrisy at CPAC listen I'm
disappointed in people on our side okay
for being hypocrites about sexual
harasser z' and abusers of women or in
our party who are sitting in the White
House who brag about their extramarital
affairs who brag about mistreating women
there was a bit of discomfort and some
commotion there when you said that do
you think your words reached anyone
resonated with anyone well I hope so
I believe so I've gotten tremendous
response since then on social media
seems to have struck a nerve I I've been
so frustrated over the last two years
watching so many leaders of the
conservative movement and leaders of the
Republican Party sort of fold to
trumpism and waiting to just see if
anybody will stand up and tell the
simple truth that this is somebody who
is not deserving of our admiration that
he should be criticized that he should
not be treated as some sort of moral
leader an amazing statistic that came
out a while back that some huge
percentage of Republicans did think
their children should emulate Donald
Trump so there are though a great many
of us a great many who do not accept
this and who just want someone to tell
the truth just say it out you know
plainly and and reassure people that
they have not gone crazy that this is a
person yes who has her sexually harassed
women has bragged about it and that it
matters that that he is unethical
anymore
his treatment of women and in many other
respects so I have to ask you now and I
read your editorial your op-ed in New
York Times today you wrote that I had to
be escorted from the premises by several
guards who seemed genuinely concerned
for my safety what did the CPAC
organizers the folks who invited to you
say to you after your appearance there I
did not see them I read somewhere that
they said they did not arrange for the
security I don't know but look it was it
was tense I did not feel personally
endangered at all I sort of thought it
was overdone and as I was making my way
with this you know group of security
guys toward the exits there were a
number of people who had C pack insignia
on who gave me a thumbs up as I passed
so I wasn't I was I was never in danger
at least I was I didn't perceive myself
to be but the fact that they felt it was
necessary probably tells us something
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
