you're chief of staff general kelly has
recommended ending the practice of
granting interim security clearances to
members of the trump administration if
that proceeds would you be willing to
grant a waiver to Jared Kushner one of
your senior advisors
well Jared's done an outstanding job I
think he's been treated very unfairly
he's a high quality person he works for
nothing just so you know nobody ever
reports that but he gets zero he doesn't
get a salary so that'll be up to general
Kelly a general Kelly respects Jared a
lot and general Kelly will make that
call I won't make that call I will let
the general who's right here make that
call Jared Kushner status is still in
limbo this morning even though Friday
was the deadline White House chief of
staff John Kelly set for White House
staffers without full security
clearances to lose their right to view
top-secret information
Donald Trump's son-in-law and senior
adviser is one of some 130 White House
officials with only interim clearances
according to the Washington Post Deputy
Attorney General rod Rosenstein warned
the White House two weeks ago that
Kushner's security clearance would be
further delayed because of quote
significant information requiring
additional investigation Malcolm Anson
ser Kinsey are back with me and joining
me now is MSNBC Intel analyst and former
FBI double agent Nevada Molly I'm gonna
be dumb the idea there was a quote in in
additional information that had arisen
that was delaying the security clearance
process for Jared Kushner what does that
say to you I think the fact joy that
Jared Kushner does not have a final
adjudication gave him a clearance today
it's probably the clearest indication of
Bob Moeller's intent to look at Jared
kosher and I'll explain that there are
two sort of tranches of clearances
there's a person who has never held a
clearance before in which case the
investigation to adjudicate to determine
if that person is in fact eligible to
hold the clearance starts from the day
they were born to present day then
there's a second type of clearance or
someone who already has a clearance and
perhaps has left government officers
like Christopher Rea who left government
office and then came back the
investigation will then focus in the in
the interim the time that elapsed
between him having a clearance and him
coming back Jared Kushner in order to
get a clearance the FBI would have
say that everything he has done and
let's talk about the wave tops meeting
with kis lyac setting up trying to set
up back channels the VEB Bank meetings
the Trump Tower meetings the fact that
he owes 1.25 million dot billion dollars
excuse me on six 6/5 Fifth Avenue
essentially to give him a clearance the
FBI would say no big deal that's what
they would have to come back to give a
clearance a it's not a wrist I do not
see how the FBI is gonna do that I and
for that matter would mean that it would
preclude I would imagine impact a bob
molars investigation to Kushner there's
charges forthcoming if someone is going
to come back and charge Jared Kushner
and then he's gonna say well hey you
cleared me to have a clear so you said
these were not a big deal it would be an
absolute 180 on that so I don't see how
he can get a clearance simply because it
probably means bomb Walter's
investigating him
so the interim clearance has got to go
he's got to be put in a position that
doesn't require clearance and by the way
the fact that he isn't drawn salary as
Sarah pointed out hey guess who else and
draw a salary Paul Manafort that's not
it's not and Malcolm be interesting big
so to that very point I'm a ted Lieu
congressman ted Lieu of california
issued a statement about these questions
about jared krishna in which he said the
father the questions we've been asking
are pretty simple meaning democrats did
he have any discussions with foreign
nationals about 666 fifth avenue and
that means when he's John ting around
the world without his security clearance
and if so did he discuss anything
related to helping finance purchase or
assist with the debt on 666 Fifth Avenue
the longer we wait for response the more
it seems like mr. crusher Kirchner has
something to hide and Malcolm X in
addition to the fact that he did ask for
a secure communication on Russian
facilities about we don't even know what
is there any circumstance under which
you can imagine him ever being qualified
by the FBI for a security clearance no I
think Jared Kushner is completely and
totally unclear herbal again that's a
phrase I never heard in my career
because people like that were fired
immediately they weren't invited in if
they were unclear about that was people
who had felonies and and investigations
going on that just would not ever get
them cleared and I I agree with you joy
that one point alone the investigation
into whether Jared Kushner actually
asked the Russians to use secure
cryptographic systems in order to hide
communications from NSA and CIA
that right there tells you he should not
be anywhere near the presidential daily
briefing or any top-secret SC I'm
material in the White House at all we
don't know where his loyalty lives I'm
sorry that's just a fact and so he
should not be cleared and after a year I
mean they should what they should do is
remove him from his duties where he has
to have access to classified information
or the President of the United States
should come out in publicly state I am
going to allow him a top-secret STI
clearance on the basis of the fact that
I'm president in the United States and
stop playing around and putting it on
General Kelly thank you for reminding
people once again Malcolm that it is the
White House it is the president who
grants these clearances not the FBI the
FBI makes a recommendation whether they
believe this person meet merits a
clearance it is Trump Trump with Grandma
clearance tomorrow hand him the PDB you
can do it everyone its Trump that's not
giving him the clearance I think we need
to keep emphasizing that it's not the
FBI Sarah Kenz your when Don Miguel went
when rod Rosen Stein was a Deputy
Attorney General went to the White House
to explain to them there's some
information that was preventing the FBI
from giving this green checkmark to to
Jared Kushner it's not clear that he
could have even explained why to Dan
McGann because as the chart that we just
put up shows you don McGann the White
House Counsel doesn't have a final
security clearance he's on an interim
Sarah Huckabee Sanders is on an interim
Ivanka Trump's on an interim dance
Covino who runs the White House Twitter
Don McGann the White House Counsel Sarah
could not have been privy to anything
classified that's keeping Jared Beauty
clearance because he doesn't have a
clearance what kind of an insane show
are we running here that's a rhetorical
question but feel free to answer it no I
mean this is absolutely unprecedented
we've never had this many people in the
White House who who lacked a security
clearance and Kushner has the worst
record of anybody you know to enter this
kind of position and gain this kind of
access to classified information you
know the number of things that he left
off his forms in terms of you know
foreign investments in terms of meetings
with foreign officials you know is
enormous there's nothing that compares
to it and so this is very serious and I
think they've been using the interim
clear
as a way to you know get people like
Kushner classified information while
circumventing the very rigorous
clearance process that has Malcolm
pointed out would have normally kept him
out in the first place or gotten him
fired and so one thing that I'm worried
about is that safe Kushner goats
say they actually do clamp down in this
then what happens Kushner has been there
for a year he's been getting classified
information we know he has ties to
Russia to Israel to Saudi Arabia we
don't know what he's exactly doing in
his position but we know that he has you
know these back channels and these
connections and that he has information
that's incredibly valuable that can be
sold on a market and we know that
there's a market for state secrets and
so these problems with these staffers
with interim clearances will affect our
national security whether they're in the
White House or out of it and you know
Navid Krishna is whining about his
situation according to New York Times
Kushner frustrated about the security
clearance issue and concerned that mr.
Kelly has targeted him personally with
the directive has told colleagues at the
White House that he is reluctant to give
up his high-level access that feels like
it makes Sarah's point there's some
reason he wants desperately to hold on
this act he's not getting paid for the
job but what is the risk of somebody who
has dealt with the Russians before who
has been a double agent what is the risk
of him having this high-level access
without being cleared through the FBI
well you know at the time when I was
doing with the Russians that the
Russians knew I was applying to become
an intelligence officer in the Navy and
essentially what I told the Russians was
that I saw my position in that office as
a way to personally enrich myself I see
an absolute one-to-one ratio with Paul
Manafort Jared Kushner these are people
don't necessarily have a loyal to the
United States they said wait can you say
that again what did you tell them you
told them when I was when I was a plant
when I was working for the Russians one
of the reasons they were interested in
me is because I was they knew I was
gonna become an intelligence officer
Unites States Navy that was one of the
reasons they recruited me and I was very
clear it was very clear was understood
that I was doing that in large part that
I would have access to information that
I could sell and I would be able to
enrich myself I mean that was part of
the profile that I built to present to
them and I see a one-to-one parallel
between what I presented to the Russians
and someone like like manna for someone
like Kushner who see their office aren't
drawing a salary see their position as a
way to personally enrich themselves not
through service but through their
access and I think that is exactly what
the Russians not just the Russian of the
Chinese are looking for they're looking
for people like that oh my god did get
that for the readers other people were
watching out there who didn't get that
that through what that what these
foreign intelligence services want are
people who see their office as a chance
to get access to information for their
own purposes of enriching themselves now
just think and do a thought exercise how
many people that could theoretically
apply to in the Trump campaign in the
White House it is scary
Malcolm Nance Sarah Kinsey or Naveen
Jamali Wow thank you guys very much
meanwhile some breaking news on hashtag
boycott NRA the American air the airline
sorry the American the Airlines Delta
and United have now dropped their
partnerships with the NRA and will no
longer give discounts to NRA members Wow
up next
Trump's favorite boogeyman hey there arm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
