and a little bit of cynicism what do we
do this is a terrible thing we elected
Mike steel to be the RNC chair because
he's a black guy that was the wrong
thing to do well that was the
communications director for the American
Conservative Union which is putting on
CPAC the Conservative Political Action
Conference that these days draws the
President of the United States as a
featured speaker and here to respond is
Michael Steele former chair of the RNC
Michael thank you very much for coming
back we talked about this last night on
the last word you know so give us the
update apparently you again address the
fact that that same person we just saw
you know said at a dinner a reggae I
guess the Reagan dinner for CPAC we
elected Mike steel as chairman because
he was a black guy that was the wrong
thing to do he did later apologized he
tweeted sometimes when you speak the
words that come out do not reflect
what's intended many of us were critics
of how chairman still performed at the
RNC is a good man and he did his best
come out as intended that's weird what
do you think now his words came out
exactly as they were intended his words
came out exactly how he felt them and I
think I think he and CPAC and the party
needs to be honest about that
there's there's no shame in that unless
you have something to be shamed of and
and I think that you know that's the
truth of this party right now we've
allowed this element to have voice we've
give we've given countenance to it we've
given it the space to express itself and
there's no taking that back you can't
deny that that has now been freed up
because stop and think about it you're
the communications director of one of
the largest conservative organizations
on the planet and you're standing at a
dinner with five six hundred people in
the room and you say what he said
and you think you have to stop it
they've yourself gee I wonder how people
are going to respond if I say this yeah
no you don't worry about that because
you think everyone in that room is going
to be in agreement with you yeah you
don't worry about saying that because
you think everyone outside that room
who carries the conservative label or
consider themselves Republicans will
agree with you well and that's just I
the hash tag goes joy yeah I call BS on
that well let's talk about the the real
deal here when you got elected as the
chairman of the RNC there was a big I
think like nine people ran Brock Obama
had just been elected the first
african-american president and there was
a sense among Republicans to be honest
that maybe they made their own black guy
to respond to the nation's black guy did
you feel at the time that that is why
you were made chair I did not feel that
that was why I was made chair but I
understood that that for some people
that was that was an expression that
they wanted to make but keep in mind
that if that was the game plan of the
Republican Party of the blue hairs as
Ian said to me last night in our
conversation then I would have won on
the first ballot if this was baked in if
they were all about well let's elect a
black guy then I went on the first
ballot everybody goes kumbaya check that
box and move on but it took me six
ballots I had to fight to win that seat
I had to prove to them six times over
that I was worthy of the position that I
was prepared to go and leave the party
and then once I started to leave the
party they had problems and I worked on
see if I have a problem how I led the
party well look at the results I hear
what I was asked to do raise money and
win elections indeed and one the biggest
election you know for Democrats it was
the Armageddon election 2010 I remind
people that also on the ballot was
another black guy named Ken Blackwell
who was the former secretary of state of
Ohio so it wasn't as if you were the
only black knight that was up and as you
said six pounds to win you then were
very successful in 2010 and rewarded for
that by being cashiered out of your job
did you feel that when you were made
chair that you were given the let's just
be blunt the full respect that that
title deserved no I was not given full
respect at that title Reiser deserved
because remember what happened after
shortly after I got elected everyone
started raised the question well who's
the leader of the party who's leading
the Republican Party I was like I'm
leaving the Republican Party remember I
got into that little bit of a tiff with
Russell
over that yep because I you know for the
first time as national chairman suddenly
the rules have started to change you
know I never went public and talked
about the fact that when I became
chairman there were members who decided
oh you know we need to limit how much
money you have authority to spend yeah
yeah they want to they want to put these
started putting these limitations on the
job mm-hmm and I push back on that
so yeah did I take people off you're
damn straight I did yeah I did I run
things the way they didn't like of
course well let me ask you this and they
were cross replaced by Ryan's Priebus
who did a bang-up job I just want to ask
you this in closing do you think that
the Republican Party has a racism
problem yes they do and I think we need
to be honest and acknowledge it and I
think that you know the fact that people
sit here and now and say you know that
well this has nothing to do with race
yeah it does when you stand on a podium
and blatantly speak to race the way and
did and that's fine let's acknowledge
that I'm not saying you are racist I'm
saying you're having a problem with
talking about and and making expressions
around race that oftentimes come off not
just insensitive but downright racist
and the party is not that way if it were
I wouldn't stay in it and I know many
african-american Republicans wouldn't as
well and so what we want is clarity on
this subject we want a clear voice and
we want the party leadership to stand up
in the face of behavior and words and
actions that indicate to the American
people that we support the kind of ugly
racist comments that we've heard in the
past by many that are not true starting
with things like asshole and and from
there so there's a whole lot on the
table that we have to deal with and be
honest about and I just want leadership
in this party to be honest don't be
afraid of it walk into it and tell us
how you're going to lead on it all right
Michael Steele tell them that like it is
up thank you very much my friend I
appreciate you calling in you've got a
bed thank you thank you very much more
am too after the break hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list
lots of other great videos
