all right we are back I'm talking with
David Hogg who is one of the leaders of
the new student movement that is called
never again these are the students who
survived the massacre at Marjory
Stoneman Douglas High School in parkland
Florida I'm now also joined by Ryan Dyke
another classmate and friend of David's
who was kind enough to at the last
minute join us as well and I'll also
give my condolences to you on the loss
of your friend this is a trauma you know
that we we had the people who are in the
military have to go through and deal
with and be treated and get mental
health counseling for have you guys been
able to access counseling services in
the wake of what you went through we've
had plenty of access to counseling
services there are grief counselors all
throughout parkland and going through
our school but frankly we don't have
enough time to deal with the grief just
like that we have to take action we have
to continue to speak out with people is
we really we started this grassroots
movement where we're going I personally
been pushing face to face contact with
anybody that we can get a hold of with
any representatives with even just
regular people like when we went to
Tallahassee this past week we met with
Leon high school and everyone out there
they were just such a huge help they
were all really supportive and I just
met with people outside I stayed with
them I spoke to them yeah because
everyone's just a person in this
everyone is equal and we all just have
to stand up and say we don't want to
take this anymore
well you had some face-to-face contact
with Marco Rubio Senator Marco would be
a showed up to the CNN Town Hall you had
an interaction that I'm not sure if we
have the video of that but we have okay
let's play that when I was in fifth
grade I had to hide in a closet in a in
a bathroom for three months for three
hours and just waiting with my teacher
and nearly 20 other kids to see that
just me as a shooter has come to our
town now seven years later I'm in a
closet with 19 other kids waiting
fearing for my own life why do we have
to be the ones to do this why do we have
to speak out to the Capitol why do
we have to march on Washington just to
save innocent lives we don't have his
answer but were you satisfied with the
response you got I was satisfied that he
showed up to the town hall I was
satisfied to meet with Marco Rubio face
to face as somebody that I followed for
years but frankly that was a sad answer
to see from politician but it is a
political answer with his answer it just
was so much double-talk I can't even
remember it at this point he just kept
going back and forth Marco Rubio and
just like so many other politicians or
professional side steppers when it comes
to questions as a journalist you of all
people know this when you ask a
politician a question even if it's a
yes-or-no question like yeah will you
take money from these child murderers
that the NRA they can't even answer yes
or no and that's the most disgusting
part like when Cameron Kowski asked if
Marco Rubio would take donations from
the NRA yeah he would not say just yes
or no he said yes he would in a very
long answer trying to distract the
American public yeah and he also said
that he is not for banning assault
rifles he's not for you know he won't
really step away from the NRA but a lot
of people are I want to ask you guys
about one of the big outgrowths of the
movement that you almost started you and
your classmates have started has been a
boycott of the NRA or dropping the NRA
by a lot of companies we put up a few of
them they're Alamo true car enterprise
that hurts windham and they had these
deals where people were NRA members
could get discounts with them those are
going away you think that this boycott
movement david is the way to go well i
think it's one of the many ways to go
but i'd like to acknowledge and
acknowledge to the people out there as
FedEx still has not dropped their deal
with the NRA the CEO is one of the
biggest donor
donors to the NRA and we have to take
care of them and as a result if they
aren't going to we're gonna have to take
action as the consumers because we have
the power in a business just like we
have the power in our democracy one of
the things about Florida that it matters
to the state and I'll ask both you this
I'll start with you Ryan is it is a
tourism state and it's been now on the
international stage as a state where
kids don't feel safe going to school do
you think that the fear of politicians
of Florida's image as a tourism
destination could also push people to
take your side which is the wrath
I did it gonna be I frankly think like
as far as tourism goes we still have
Disneyworld people are still gonna be
coming there like whether they feel safe
or not
but frankly that this is beyond Florida
this is the nation as a whole
Florida is definitely where we started
but it's everywhere that these guns are
out there on the streets that people who
may be unstable are able to get it just
as anybody else and even though there
have been things placed like the age
limit that they are talking about or the
bump stocks they are just steps they are
just single actions to this really long
just problem that has been facing our
country and we're not out here saying
that we want to take guns I don't want
to take someone's gun if they want it
but they need to deserve it
yeah and that's why you're marching on
Washington and bright yeah and I also
think it's important going back to the
last question really quick I think it's
important for people to realize that a
lot of these Florida politicians won't
meet with only one Republican lawmaker
met with us when we went to Tallahassee
that's greens volumes because they want
the American public to forget they want
them to move on from this session which
is the last one of this year and have
them get reelected through name
recognition and the incumbency advantage
of that they want us to forget and we're
not going to because we're not gonna let
that happen we're gonna find justice for
our 17 friends and a thousands of others
that can and will continue to die but
because they won't listen to us we're
gonna have to make sure that we take
control some of the state's economy and
make sure that these politicians are
lobbied by these businesses to take some
action because they certainly are doing
it with us
yeah the huge spring break destination
to Florida and I know people need to
feel safe where they are there been a
few people have attacked you guys that
David Clarke who is no longer a sheriff
because someone died in his Jail and
there were other scandals that sort of
forced him out of his role in Milwaukee
big-time our right-wing activists and
Trump supporter tweeted the well
organized effort by Florida school
students demanding gun control has all
caps George Soros fingerprints all over
it it's similar to how he hijacked and
Exploited black people's emotion
regarding police use of force
you know I'm Roenick for him to tweet
that and the cop hating black lives
matter movement what do you make of it
you disgust me honestly just I think
with what
seriously we had friends that died there
and you're trying to make this about you
you are absolutely disgusting and you
should be out there taking action
because we are we're trying as hard as
we can here and we don't deserve to be
attacked by adults we're literally
teenagers and the fact that we have to
stand up and take action and the fact
that we have to be up here speaking out
for this because our politicians won't
because they just want to be reelected
syringe testaments - how broken this
democracy is magnitude Donald Trump jr.
some of the president liking a tweet
calling you guys crisis actor it's just
ridiculous to all those people who don't
think this is real and if you don't
think it's real you just have to stand
out there at those memorials the other
day I spent personally about four hours
either at the school or at Pine Trails
Park just in silence not speaking to
anybody but the people that were there
taking their time to be there and you
have to see their faces because it is
not just the politicians that can do
something here it's the people and the
people have to stand up and won't be
silenced let's talk about the March that
you guys are planned on March 24th what
can people expect to see from it and
what do you want the outcome of it to be
I want a major rehaul of everybody
that's in our current House of
Representatives to be the outcome of
this honestly because so many of them
because it's a republican-controlled
House Senate and executive branch so
many of these people are supported by
the NRA
I'm not saying Democrats aren't either
there is a small amount of Democrats
that are but a majority of the NRA
donations go to people like Marco Rubio
who mind you I believe still has an A or
an A+ rating from the NRA that screams
volumes about how these people refused
to listen to us and just want to listen
to these donors because we as American
citizens aren't getting up and voting
but these special interest groups are
taking our voices as a result and
they're they have American democracy in
a chokehold as a result how do you write
I am 18 years you're 18 so you are old
enough to vote I can vote is it will
this become the voting issue for you
because you know the issue has been that
for people who are you know gun
enthusiasts or fetishist some might say
they will vote only on this issue is
this something that is going to be a
voting issue top of mind I'm playing it
for you but your generation it
definitely is a big issue that is going
to be on the table at this midterm
election
but it is not the only issue and I can't
decide what I have to feel about a
politician because of just this only
issue if somebody supports gun control
but doesn't support something else
that's good for the people
I can't just openly support them because
this is not a Democrat issue this is not
a Republican issue this is a people
issue and I do not want to see more
graves I don't want to have to bury
another friend I don't want to have
somebody else bury another friend yeah
we just have to stand up we have to keep
going and I just want to meet face to
face with anybody that I can if they say
no to meeting us we're just gonna march
to their doorstep you know sometimes
kids are smarter than adults a lot of
times kids uh smarter than adults you
guys are proof positive of that thank
you guys so much for doing this David
Hogg thank you very much Ryan died too
we recruited itll as mitad and put you
on TV you guys are great you're really
inspiring you guys are leading the
country we are following you just I just
want people to note don't forget about
this these politicians want that get out
there and vote during midterms I don't
care if you're a Democrat or Republican
just get out there and vote thank you
very much
I appreciate you guys thank you so much
thank you guys so much all right coming
up more enjoy you guys are awesome hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
