by the way you don't mind if I go
off-script a little bit cuz you know
it's sort of boring by the way what a
nice picture that is look at that I'd
love to watch that guy speak
I try like hell to hide that ball spot
folks I work harder does it look bad hey
we're hanging in don't worry you're
getting the wall don't worry okay I
heard something I had a couple of these
characters in the back say oh he really
doesn't want the wall he just used that
for campaigning I said are you can you
believe it
you know I say every time I hear that
the wall gets ten feet higher you know
that we have a very crooked media we had
a crooked candidate too by the way
but we have we have a very we have a
very very crooked medium
those were just a few of the highlights
president Trump's remarks today at CPAC
the president brought his well known
campaign style speech to the
conservative political gathering and as
you could hear the crowd was more than
pleased with what Trump had to say after
that speech Phillip Rucker of the
Washington Post pointed out his
presidency is basically a never-ending
campaign and although the president's
approval rating sits at just 37 percent
among all American voters his approval
among Republican voters stands at a
solid 86 percent back with us long he
Chen Jonathan Allen Christina Bellantoni
before we break down what it means that
the president acknowledged that he has a
comb-over I would like to show you a
piece of the speech that's been getting
a lot of attention it's it's something
that he used to say over and over and
over again on the campaign trail but
it's something that perhaps we would
think would mean something or would be
something that you would leave once you
became the president for all Americans
take a look this is called the snake and
think of it in terms of immigration and
you may love it or you may say isn't
that terrible take me in
Oh tender woman side the vicious snake
I saved you cried the woman and you've
bitten me heavens why you know your bite
is poisonous and now I'm going to die oh
shut up silly woman said the reptile
with a grin you knew damn well I was a
snake before you took me in
Lonie chen when the president says think
of this in terms of immigration he's
essentially saying we took you in we
cared for you and you turned around and
bit us and many people see this as a
very racist way of looking at the world
how do you view it and is this what the
Republican Party should be saying
there's no distinction even I'm even if
he wanted to make the claim he was
talking about illegal immigration there
was no distinction there and I think
this is a continuation of the kind of
rhetoric during the campaign that I
think was problematic and damaging for
the Republican Party and will be in the
long run I think the question is does it
matter at this point you look at CPAC
you look at the gathering that it's
become this is not your father CPAC
anymore this is a very different kind of
gathering and people that have wondered
about whether the Republican Party has
become the party of President Trump I
think you know I submit to you Exhibit A
which was what you saw today the kind of
speech he gave there the audience loved
it and that suggests that this is the
kind of gathering and the kind of party
unfortunate that's moved in that
direction of the question is how much of
this is gonna be lasting is this a
temporary thing those are questions
we're not gonna have the answers to for
some time but using that speech and
talking about immigration broadly in
terms of those themes was very troubling
to me as the son of immigrants Jonathan
Allen you were at CPAC with me as well
this week do you agree with Lonnie's
assessment about the different kind of
atmosphere absolutely I agree with you
about the atmosphere just to come back
to something a lot he said really
quickly I think it's very important that
there was no distinction there there was
no distinction between legal immigration
and illegal immigration and legal
immigrants and illegal immigrants there
remembers the president's own family who
were immigrants to this country
including his wife and and so you know
to not hear that broadly and to not
think of it as meant broadly you know
that he gave president gave people no
reason to think of it as anything other
than all immigrants but in terms of CPAC
changing I talked to the weekly
standards deputy Almonte political
editor this week Jim Swift and he said
you know CPAC was always like a Ringling
Brothers Circus now it's more like
Cirque de Soleil like a circus or has it
and I think what's interesting
particularly about this year is that
this used to be a place where
conservatives of different types got
together and debated over issues and now
what you've got is a very homogenous and
very sort of inline group that is
following Donald Trump Trump is defining
conservatism much more than conservatism
is defining Trump and he even said today
at CPAC people used to ask whether I'm a
conservative and you know I think the
answer Tara phrasing here I think the
answer is yes but but the term
conservative doesn't mean what it did a
year or two ago now now conservative
sort of seems to mean whatever Trump
defines the Republican Party to be
Christina Bellantoni very quickly last
word to you what is your sense of this
broader discussion and is Trump
narrowing the definition of conservatism
so much that he is fundamentally
alienating people like Lonnie Chen like
Mitt Romney like others who identify
themselves differently sure well one
thing we know is that he motivated a
certain type of voter that hadn't been
excited to come out to the polls you
know apologies to mr. Chen but you know
for Mitt Romney for some Republicans in
the past and enough of them showed up
that that won him the presidency so if
in three years we're talking about you
know can the president still motivate
that type of voter and he's still
behaving this way the answer is yes the
question is just can the opposition
motivate the types of voters who didn't
feel excited enough for Hillary Clinton
in particular to show up hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
