with today's guilty plea by former Trump
campaign advisor Rick gates the pressure
is now building on Paul Manafort so far
the Muller team has indicted 19 people
including 13 Russians of the six
non-russians all have pleaded guilty
except one Paul Manafort
today the Muller team hit mana fort with
a new superseding indictment charging
him with five counts including
conspiracy against the United States the
indictment alleges that mana Ford
secretly retained a group of former
senior European politicians to take
positions favorable to Ukraine including
by lobbying in the United States mant
important used at least four offshore
accounts to wire more than 2 million
euros to pay the group of former
politicians and while the White House
contains to distance itself from any of
the charges against Paul mana Ford and
Rick Gates saying that they quote have
nothing to do with their service to the
campaign these new charges against Manta
Ford may make him more willing to
cooperate with the Muller team in
exchange for less jail time and what
could Paul Manafort offer the Miller
team but no one else has information on
the June 2016 meeting he attended in
Trump Tower with Donald Trump jr. and
Jared Kushner the meeting where Russians
promised dirt on Hillary Clinton as
quote part of Russia and it's government
support for mr. Trump information that
Don Jr said if it's what you say I love
it joining me now joining us now is
Harry Lippmann former US attorney and
Deputy Assistant Attorney General under
President Clinton he's now a professor
at the University of California San
Diego school of political science and
David Frum a senior editor for The
Atlantic and the author of the New York
Times bestseller
Trump bakra see the corruption of the
American Republic and Harry I'll start
with you on this um you know Paul
Manafort is 68 years old he seems to
have nothing to gain by going to prison
for Donald Trump and there isn't much
that he can offer that would be higher
than himself he was the chairman of the
campaign I'll ask you the same question
I asked in our previous block you know
what is the biggest thing that Donald
Trump would have to fear would it be
that mana Ford is willing to give up
Jared or or Don Jr we don't know we do
know that that Trump himself the
president has said privately at least
it's been reported that he thinks mana
Ford could in fact incriminate him how
could that happen one of
two ways it seems to me either something
that really puts the finger on Trump
just as you mentioned joy say they say
it's really true as Steve Bannon wrote
has said that Trump knew about the
meeting in June and knew about the whole
effort with Russia that that immediately
changes the dynamic second you know he's
been neck deep in in financial
malfeasance for many years and some of
the same part of the world where the
Trump operation was doing its own dirty
work
so is there some possibility that he
knows about the pre-campaign financial
transactions that I think would be the
second but we have it on pretty good
hearsay authority that Trump fears him
yeah and you know David you know it
either is coincidental that a lot of the
business that man afford and gates were
doing just happened to be in in in this
room tonight it's fear of Ukraine and
that they seem to be trying to make
money and make this connection maybe
it's a total coincidence but Naval War
College professor Tom Nichols was
tweeting today
any tweeted this is this is key for
people trying to figure out why Manta
forts work is a big deal as it relates
to Trump remember this when you read a
story about this stuff just for plays
jnana Kovich with Putin because that's
how it worked to deal with the anechoic
regime was to be dealing with Putin and
Russian intelligence manna fort was not
an AIF he knew who he was really working
for your thoughts for such a good point
please let's everyone stop saying
lobbying for Ukraine they were lobbying
against Ukraine on rap of Ukraine's
colonial occupiers the I think at this
point to understand where this goes
there's one overwhelming question which
is how did Paul Manafort get this
supreme job in the Trump campaign and I
have basically are two basic theories of
this case and I'm not sure which is true
look in one case there's no one to give
up because manna fort is the super
villain and the petty grifters of the
Trump family are actually mana Ford's
villain victims that they got into the
hands of a much bigger and more
systematic and conscious figure than any
of them were and that they were sort of
putty in his hands and he imposed
himself that himself on them in which
case he's really the tops
banana in this criminal conspiracy but
the other possibility is that the Trump
family had a pretty good idea of who
Paul Manafort was remember he was
brought into Trump's orbit Orion Trump
and he had known each other for a long
time Manta fort was of course a good
friend of Trump's longtime ally Roger
stone and according to a lot of
reporting that took place at the time it
was Jared and Don Jr who assured Manta
Ford back into the Trump presence and
the two of them struck a deal so Vic
theory one mana Ford imposed himself
Trump family basically victims of a more
sophisticated person theory - everybody
knew exactly what was going on in which
case there was a lot of legal jeopardy
for every player yeah Roger stone from
the former partner of Vaughn Palmer's
who just happened to also be bragging
that he knew who was going to be next in
the barrel when it came to WikiLeaks he
had some sort of back-channel so that's
interesting let's talk about Kushner I'm
Harry because that that is the
convictive the crux here right the
infamous Trump Tower meeting the three
principals from the campaign are mana
Ford Kushner and Don jr. so obviously
mana Ford if he was to talk could talk
about that meeting in ways that could
implicate Jared Kushner but he wouldn't
be the first one the Washington Post
also reporting that in addition
Kushner's actions during the transition
have been referenced in the guilty plea
of former Trump national security
adviser Michael Flynn who admitted that
he lied to the FBI about contacts with
contact with in Russian ambassador
Sergey kis lyac prosecutor said Flynn
was acting in consultation with a senior
Trump transition official whom people
familiar with the matter of identified
as Kushner Jared Kushner seems to be in
the middle of everything
the idea of firing Comey he's contact
with kis lyac that people keep
forgetting his own contacts with a bank
that was sanctioned his own contacts
asking for a back-channel to talk to
Russia using their intelligence
apparatus so Kushner feels like the
person who's the most in jeopardy after
man afford it is that the way you read
it completely and it's been very
interesting to me over the last few
months what a silent figure Kushner has
remained I think under the very strict
whip of his very sophisticated
Washington counsel but as you say he is
everywhere one other place I'd add that
he is he's the last figure to leave the
Oval Office before Trump
hols come--and says can you maybe drop
these charges and you would have
expected him to be an essential figure
in the building of an obstruction case
which you figure is complete save for
Trump's interview because they're
negotiating Trump's interview and what I
surmise but it's it's just tea leave
reading is that Kushner's lawyer has
advised muller that he's going to take
the fifth amendment and there's no sense
calling him in and the reason he's been
silent and in the background
specifically on the on the Russia stuff
is that he's going to refuse to testify
there's also as you say a whole welter
of suspicious transactions that he has
been involved in for his own financial
empire
well that point is greater jeopardy yeah
that point is so key what was Jared
Kushner waking up every morning thinking
about all through campaign 2016
it wasn't the presidency it was his
desperate debt on that white elephant
office building on Fifth Avenue that he
had a certain amount of time to find
extra financing the interest clock began
to reset exactly during the presidential
transition so from the day Donald Trump
is elected in November he's got about
six or eight weeks before his interest
rates begin to go up before his
penalties begin to kick and at that
point he's talking to the Chinese the
Russians and the Qatar ease about
finding some way to get this desperate
load of debt off his shoulders and get
this building out of his family's
portfolio one wonders why he can't get a
security clearance uh okay from yeah
harold harry Littman and david fromm
thank you very much for appreciate anya
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
