tonight just before the show I saw a
tweet from reporter John Levine who was
at CPAC about a cut of CPAC I wrote
about a comment about former Republican
National Committee Chairman and MSNBC
contributor michael steele john levine
reported CPAC communications director
ian walters eddie rate at reagan dinner
quote we elected mike steel as chairman
because he was a black guy that was the
wrong thing to do he followed up comment
was met with gasps at our table and
joining me now on the phone from CPEC is
michael steele Michael thank you very
much for calling in I appreciate it on
short notice so you how did you hear
about this comment and what was your
reaction I was finishing up my radio
program on Sirius XM and it came across
my phone someone came running up to the
tables that have you seen this right in
the middle of the conversation I was
having with one of our guests and I
looked down at my phone out and of
course I had what I had one of those
moments where you just go what uh so
yeah a little bit shocked very
disappointed surprised that people still
in the party feel this way and look at
the contributions that anyone would make
to the party
through the prism of race and so it's
unfortunate it's stupid it's immature
and I'm waiting to speak with my lap
about it I hope it is not a reflection
of the leadership of CPAC I participated
in CPAC for many many years I've spoken
at CPAC and I think also Joyce it's
almost endemic of what's going on in
this country as well quickly people
revert to race as a weapon ignorant well
that's the question I was gonna ask you
because it you've been a Republican a
long time do you sense that the party
has changed and shifted toward more
openness with these kind of views in
your view clearly clearly and and I
think and I think that's something
that's going to be concerning going
forward uh play itself out so in the
campaign and and we can see that so this
episode is is bad but look for them it's
crazy as much as we can and then again
as you
she starts from within indeed have you
spoken with that mr. Walters he did call
and he's tried to explain himself and
said what he was thinking he was related
it back to for rock obama's election and
and he said it's one point I apologize
and I just said you know that's that's
not acceptable it's not enough so
excuses is helpful but I appreciate you
excuse is that helpful and I'll talk
about some more tomorrow on my series
program so folks tune in goes into that
as well
and gonna plug in thank you very much
Michael Steele for Michael still get it
last word hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
