course we should ban the bump stocks it
should have been done long time ago
that's like to me now can we get it done
in Florida qui get done in Ohio you have
to be seen but look it's this is all
moving in a direction where we want to
have respect for the Second Amendment
but yet have reasonable reasonable
restrictions for example Chuck one of
the things that I'm always concerned
about is is these high these these
high-capacity magazines you know that
the problem with assault weapons is you
got one that's an ar-15 but you have
another one that's a deer rifle you know
hunting rifle so how do you get at it I
think you get at it through the
ammunition are is is the system gonna
move far enough to accommodate that I
don't know but here's what I do think I
think the Nick system where everybody
has to report so we know I believe that
will be enhanced do I think this
restraining order type thing can pass I
do
but look you would put that in the
system as well well that way if somebody
sees something they report something
action can be taken so if you see
somebody who's unstable in your home or
for example if you're outside the home
and you see somebody unstable you have
to have a way in which to contact law
enforcement we're working on that but I
don't the key is we have these issues in
my state and Florida any of these states
can we pass something right now we're
getting closer to that but we have to be
able to get some change going in a real
way Governor Walker you represent a
rural state guns are essentially seen
differently in a rural state than they
are in an urban state is there much you
think Alaska needs to do and when it
comes to school safety what do you guys
think well there is and you're right
Chuck a lot of Alaska is unique you know
with we use gun for for hunting for
subsistence for a way of life for
protection one route in the in the wilds
and call the last frontier for a reason
it is it is call for reason but so I
mean our focus is is going to be it
certainly is going to be on keeping our
children safe and and that's going to be
important I I think there's some things
that that we can do one thing I like
about the NGA is that listen to other
governor talk about what they're doing
we've already put together or some
efforts with our Public Safety and
Commissioner of Education making the
school safer I like very much the
reporting
opportunity make sure there's a hotline
and some of callin about raising the age
that's a possibility that some president
is talking about a lot of young people
in in Alaska that hunted a very young
age right and so on subsistence they'll
go out and they'll be the hunters for
their for their community and they'll
bring in you know food so that's gonna
be you know you know what I every state
is very very unique and I think I
watched today Governor Scott and I
really empathize and and you know with
him every state need to do with what
works best for their state hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
