now as NBC News national security
analyst and a former CIA and Defense
Department chief of staff Jeremy bash
Jeremy when I read this story I saw
forgot I said wait a minute I think
that's the same due to the unit and then
you keep reading down first of all this
issue of Russian mercenaries how
operative are they around the world well
first I see your homeland I raised you
1964 James Bond From Russia With Love
okay fair enough
okay so Russia uses mercenaries they use
private militaries because they engage
in what's called hybrid warfare they
don't want to take on the United States
and a force-on-force battle like the old
fold the gap tank battle during the Cold
War they want to use these little green
men they want to use private militaries
they want to use cyber attacks they want
to use agents of influence a lot of
things that bomb well are laid out in
last Friday's indictment of 13
individuals and several organizations
are part and parcel of the effort the
covert action Russian effort in Russia
they call it active measures now this
seemed that the the way the Post
reported this is that the motivation is
Assad wants the u.s. out of Syria and
this was and the Putin has said the
United States is there illegally they're
there legally he's made that before so
this was attempt an attempt to send a my
guess a message of the United States it
sounds like our troops sent a message to
the Russians that's right look Chuck
make no mistake the Kremlin authorized
an attack of Russian forces against a US
military position and but for the skill
and professionalism of special
operations forces who repelled the
attack and actually killed a large
number of these Russian troops President
Trump would be standing on the tarmac at
Dover Air Force Base welcoming home flag
trade transfer cases of American fallen
heroes it's that serious
so is there any way that this is
connected to Muller's indictment does
Peugeot's in' know he's under fire and
he wants to send it or is that just to
off the right no I think look the big
picture is is that in no place around
the world is Russia our friend in no
places around the world certainly not in
Syria certainly not in Ukraine certainly
not in Europe has Putin been beneficial
to US interests and for the press
than to consistently be obsequious to
Putin from to defer to Putin from to say
I take Putin at his word is really a
huge blind spot that the president of
United States has this was a remarkable
scoop by the post what was more
remarkable is that the how many
government officials essentially went
ahead and confirmed their scoop they you
know they gave them and they give him
enough confirmation they obviously did
some great reporting here and they gave
him enough confirmation so that they
feel comfortable reporting it were you
surprised at how much detail the post
had I sure was again if all of this
reporting is true it's an extraordinary
revelation it also shows that senior
officials around the president don't
really know how to handle their boss if
they tell him hey mr. President Vladimir
Putin attacked our forces they're not
sure if they're gonna have a job on
Monday that's the part of this it's sort
of this happened this happened
approximately it looks like about three
or four weeks every 7:00 and we're
sitting here and we're having to learn
about it basically through leaks and
sources of Russia attacked America is
that is that is that a hyperbole or not
it's not they massed forces they crossed
the river now our forces were able to
see them and fought back but again this
is about as serious as it gets Chuck it
shows again that the president's
deference to Russia makes no sense and
this is weird I think it is connected to
the malla probe which is we start from a
proposition that we have a foreign
policy in Russia that makes no sense why
is President Trump so obsessed with
giving Russia the benefit of the doubt
all right what is happening in Syria
right now I asked this because it seems
as if at times are five different
countries sometimes just so now we're
supposedly everybody had an interest in
getting rid of Isis that was supportive
of the Russians the United States the
Turks Assad the Iranians there seemed to
be and yet now with Isis sort of in
retreat nobody wants to leave nobody
wants to hand it to Assad and everybody
is starting to either
I thought by accident but now they're
pointing the guns at each other yeah I
think we've done one very good thing
which is we intensified our anti-isis
campaign but more firepower on Raqqa and
have really denied real progress made
progress and deny them the physical
Caliphate that they sought but we made a
huge mistake which is in the process
we pulled back our support from moderate
Syrian forces who could actually put
pressure on Assad we've basically left
Syria to the russian-iranian Syrian axis
and now you see skirmishes even between
Israel and Iran and that threatens our
ally Israel and threatens our interests
in the region and then we're still
having issues with the Turks over the
Kurds that's right and we we have been
supporting the Kurds but we haven't been
able to exactly align our strategy with
our NATO ally Turkey how how should what
is a realistic policy response then to
the Russians here it's very complicated
but the first and foremost thing we have
to do is get them to agree to a
ceasefire the UN Security Council is
considering a ceasefire revell
resolution Russia has been opposing it
we now hear some reports that the
resolution may come up as early as this
weekend Russia has to get on board
because as you've seen Chuck from the
reports 500 innocent civilians including
potentially a hundred children have been
killed in the latest bombardment but
Russia can epilation Russia can agree to
a ceasefire and let their mercenaries do
their their dirty work they can and the
international community has to hold
Russia accountable alright Jeremy bash
thanks Jeff
NBC News analyst what a crazy story but
very important thanks for amplifying it
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
