tonight I'm obsessed with a scientific
theory you may never have heard of but
could be the reason why something may be
changing in this country when it comes
to guns it's called the contact
hypothesis boiled down it's the theory
that what's needed for understanding
between polarized groups with differing
views is contact but we don't need
science to tell us that personal
relationships and personal experiences
change us look at the same-sex marriage
debate if you know someone who has
experienced racism or homophobia or
prejudice prejudice of any kind
chances are you feel differently about
if you can put a face and a name to any
kind of hardship chances are you feel
differently about it when it gets that
personalized well and ongoing Washington
Post analysis has found that more than a
hundred and fifty thousand students
attending at least 170 primary or
secondary schools have experienced a
shooting on campus since the Columbine
High School massacre 1999 so let's do a
little quick math take those 150
thousand students with first-hand
experience give them each just ten
friends and relatives now you're up to
1.5 million people who can put a
personal face to gun violence in schools
now give those 1.5 million people
another 10 friends and relatives you see
what we're going hear now you're up to
15 million people which is two degrees
of separation from gun violence in
schools and that number of course
skyrockets when you start adding in
teachers administrators and P other
people who have been touched by other
forms of gun violence we're reaching the
point where soon everyone will be less
than six degrees separated from some
sort of personal connection with gun
violence arguably we may already be
there and if you're the NRA
and you're worried about protecting your
political turf the contact hypothesis
may be very concerning to you hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
