go to Jeff Bennett Jeff what's happening
hey Ally we're told by the US Secret
Service and I'm reading here from their
Twitter feed that an individual driving
a passenger vehicle struck a security
barrier near the White House at 17th in
ysou that's on the opposite side the
southward facing side of the White House
and then the Secret Service adds this
the vehicle did not breach the security
barrier of the White House complex so I
can tell you in just the last half-hour
or so we heard the sirens first and
didn't know quite what to make of it but
then there was a response from the
Secret Service officers here at the
White House complex the areas of the
White House that are normally accessible
their reporters were all of a sudden off
limits we saw some of the Secret Service
officers with their guns drawn and the
door to the west wing lower press office
which we can usually access was locked
so there was an incident we're told
where someone tried to ram the barriers
on the south side of the White House but
as the Secret Service makes clear this
person driving this vehicle did not
actually access the White House car we
don't anything Jeff about arrests or
anybody been shot at not at the moment
at the moment we're limited to just what
we've been told here by the Secret
Service but we're trying to drill in
drill down in those just to be clear for
those people who are not at the White
House much or don't like you go in and
out of the White House the ability to
get from the outside to the inside of
the White House in a vehicle is
difficult you you there are there are
lots of barriers and there's a lot of
security that's right on the north side
facing this way Pennsylvania Avenue is
shut down has been shut down for years
and their barriers on both sides on 17th
and E on the south side of the White
House their barriers on that side of the
complex there's also a huge field so for
the ability for someone to try to access
the complex that way would be very
difficult we of course don't know what
this person's motivations were but I'm
sure we'll find that out as this
investigation confirmational so coming
from the u.s. Secret Service says the
female driver of the vehicle was
immediately apprehended by Secret
Service uniformed Division Officers the
vehicle did not breach the security
barrier of the White House complex now
you'll see in this camera shot that's
moving around you'll see those police
cars is one white police car through the
through the trees there those are the
Secret Service you know
formed division vehicles now Jeff when
you go to the White House and you go
through security when I go to the White
House and I go through security all of
the security to get in and out of the
White House is the Secret Service
uniformed division so we don't think of
them as the same Secret Service that we
see with the president but they are
members of the Secret Service they wear
uniforms they're all in bulletproof
vests they have in some cases sidearms
but many of them have heavier weaponry
we're looking at some pictures of them
right now these are live pictures of the
uniformed officers who are at those
barricades but you can see there's cars
parked in the way one could and there's
those big planters there's a lot of ways
to stop a vehicle from getting into the
White House that's right and you look
security is paramount here at the White
House of course even more so Ally since
the remember during the end of the Obama
administration there was a series of
fence jumpers one of whom made it all
the way into the residence and so since
then many steps that they the Secret
Service has taken to really fortify this
complex and so one of the things I'm
waiting to see is a picture of this
vehicle that tried to access the the
complex here to see the kind of response
that was would have come against
something trying to drive through the
barriers there yeah and we're looking at
various pictures right now these are
live pictures you're looking at of the
White House we're not controlling these
cameras though so they are moving around
on the right and I don't know which
entrance to the White House we're
looking at right now but you can see
that is what these entrances to the
White House look like especially those
entrances through which vehicles can
actually go so in other words there are
some vehicles obviously allowed to go on
to White House property and there are
roads and ramps in but they are strictly
strictly controlled either being blocked
by other vehicles with stanchions and
planters like concrete planters there
it's not easy there's no simple movement
in and out of the White House obviously
Jeff we've seen when there are
delegations and those cars that come in
those entrances are all secured now
around the White House there are
perimeters and there are there are
people pedestrians all over the place
but access to the White House by car is
strictly controlled it would be
immensely difficult for
to successfully penetrate the White
House but Jeff at the same time in the
last few years we have heard with
increasing frequency reports of people
who have successfully either breached a
fence or gotten closer than you would
think you should be able to get to the
White House that's right and it's one of
the things that tourists who come to
Pennsylvania Avenue are so often
surprised by is the fact that they can't
actually get up close to the gate and
take the pictures they want to take
they're actually kept I'd say about 20
or 30 feet away from with another
security barrier in place and that's a
part a response to the fact that as you
point out there was that episode in
which there was what fence-jumper after
fence jumper at least attempting to make
their make their way into the into the
White House and so I'm not entirely sure
if these pictures that we're seeing
right now it appears that it is this is
this is some of the response that came
after this attempted a person tried to
drive a vehicle through through the
barrier there at 17th and E and so this
alley is the entrance that when the
White House has big events when they
have their annual media party holiday
party this is the the entrance through
which people have to come they can't
drive but this is sort of the back long
way through through the White House when
their parties and events with you know a
couple hundred people would attend look
this is the this is the entrance that
people would use this has all happened
very very recently let me let me give
you some of the information that we have
from the US Secret Service we're basing
this now on on tweets the Secret Service
said an individual driving a passenger
vehicle struck a security barrier near
the White House at 17th and E and then
they said the vehicle did not breach the
security barrier of the White House
complex and finally the US Secret
Service in what I believe is the last
week we have from them just a few
minutes ago says the female driver of
the vehicle was immediately apprehended
by Secret Service uniformed Division
Officers we have no indication yet Jeff
of whether this was intentional or not
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
