Florida Governor Rick Scott is making
changes to school security in his state
after last week's shooting that left 17
people dead take a listen
the goal of this plan of action is to
make massive changes in protecting our
schools provide significantly more
resources for mental health and do
everything we can to keep guns out of
the hands of those dealing with mental
problems are threatening harms to
themselves or others I know there's some
or advocating a mass take away of Second
Amendment rights for all Americans that
is not the answer I want to bring in
Delaney Tarr a senior at Marjory
Stoneman Douglas High School and Felicia
Bergen a language arts teacher at the
school thank you both for being here
thank you for your bravery and my
condolences for all of those who you've
lost in your community Thank You Felicia
I want to start with you I know that you
and other teachers returned to the
school today for the very first time
since the shooting last week tell me
what your emotions were as you returned
and tell me how tough it was to go back
today
it was tough it was necessary we needed
to see each other we needed to be
together we need to go back because the
kids need to go back and so we kind of
just kind of pushed ourselves there and
came together as a family and hugged
each other and loved loved on each other
and promised to be there for one another
and there's just a lot of love and
support and it's it's our family that's
our home so it was tough but it's our
home and that's where we need to be well
Felicia I want to ask you as you look
forward as you are all starting to do
now and we're having this national
conversation about how to prevent this
from happening again and how to make
schools safer and as you know president
who has said he was really personally
impacted by what happened has proposed
potentially having some teachers he says
only teachers who have training and the
proper training potentially carry
concealed weapons what do you make of
that proposal as a teacher is that the
right way forward I think in theory it
sounds good but it's just not practical
I was in the 200 building during the
shooting and I never even picked up my
phone my phone was on the desk
I could see it ringing I could see text
messages coming in and I never picked it
up because my focus was on the kids they
were scared they were on their phones I
was trying to shield them and keep them
calm so I I just I
that's our jobs our jobs is to keep them
safe and to keep them calm and protect
them and if I don't see how you can do
both and then on the other end of it do
you really want me shooting a 19 year
old person my job is to educate and care
and love on these kids I just don't
think I get how it might sound good but
I just don't think it's logical I think
that there are so many other actions
that could be taken to make the school
safe prior to that I just don't think
that that's the best idea
Delaney I want to let you get into this
conversation as well what do you think
about potentially having some of your
teachers be armed do you share the view
of what Felicia is saying right now I
don't think arming teachers is a viable
solution very few of us actually do I
mean even NRA funded politicians such as
Marco Rubio don't support arming
teachers because it's not logical it is
in theory it seems like it'd be an easy
fix to everything that we've had as miss
Bergen just said but it's not we have so
many things that could go wrong with
that so many potential tragedies waiting
to happen just giving a teacher a weapon
of war like that a gun in anyway
and as she said most teachers don't even
have the time to pick up their phone
most don't even have time to close the
door how is there going to be time to
pull out a gun and shoot another
teenager or any shooter and Delaney I
think the country has been so just
struck by you and your fellow classmates
and students all across this country who
have rallied and really made your voices
heard as a part of this conversation I
know you went to the State Capitol
earlier this week and that came after
legislators actually declined to even
debate a bill that would have banned
assault weapons are you in any way
daunted by that are you still determined
to see some type of change at the
federal level and do you think you can
make it happen we've been asked time and
time again if any see any situation
anything that we've seen or heard is
daunting
and of course it's daunting I mean we
are still teenagers and we're taking on
some very big organizations here but we
are seeing change already and even if
they struck down that boom they are
taking action they are introducing bills
in this state and in the in the federal
legislature legislature it is not a
matter of everything has to go exactly
as we planned because yes there are
going to be things that don't go our way
and we have to accept that and we have
to keep moving towards and that's what
we've been doing and because we've been
moving forward we have seen change we
have seen proposals we have seen things
that nobody has ever seen before and
that in itself is amazing Felisha
we've been tracking some developments
learning about the fact that an armed
deputy who was on site there remained
outside of the building some people in
your community are really angry about
that I wonder if you can share your
reaction with us my reaction to that is
being in the building
ain't no reading what I've read online
today is I think it's really I think
it's very easy to say when you're not
there and you're not in the situation I
think I read somewhere today that he was
outside the building one and a half
minutes after it started and I
from my perspective I don't even think
that's possible because they were
shooting then there was a fire alarm
then there was a call for all of us to
evacuate then there was a Code Red
called and all those things happened
prior to Co red being called which is
when the officer would have been alerted
the bottom line is I don't think him
going into the building would have
prevented any deaths by the time he got
over to the building the shooter the
gunman was on the third floor there were
children in the hallway that he was
shooting officer Peterson was up there
he would have been in a spot to have to
shoot in a hallway where not only the
shooter was but other children were so I
think Delaney said it best when she said
that there's other things to focus on we
want to focus on changing the laws
making the school safer going forward I
think that officer Peterson is being
used as a scapegoat and people are angry
right now they're angry they're hurting
and now all they're hurt is being
directed in to me the wrong direction
you want to be angry at something be
angry at the gunman who killed all these
people be angry at gun laws that allow
these guns to be purchased by 18 year
olds and the loophole in where people
can go to gun shows and get a gun
without even registering it there's so
many things to be angry about and I just
think that this is just misdirection you
know there who every teacher that
involved in this could sit there and go
oh I should have done this we're all
doing that from all over analyzing what
we did and what we could have done and
down to the Ministry ters there's other
security guards on that campus I mean
it's just pointing fingers and it's not
productive Delaney you're nodding your
head do you agree I absolutely agree
with everything she just said I think
that many of the things that have come
out recently have been used in in a
scapegoat like manner we are pointing
fingers we were just trying to find
something that went wrong something to
accuse it and blame everything on but
that's not the solution we can't just
blame officer Peterson for this because
it is not just his fault and to focus on
the things that have happened
to focus on the hypotheticals of what if
he had gone into the building it seems
pointless when it already happened and
we cannot change what happened in the
past the only thing we can do now is
focus on creating common sense gun laws
and making our school safer and making
our students safer today one of it
really matters at this point Delaney I
want to give you the final word here
obviously teachers are starting to go
back today but you are going to return
at some point how are you going to cope
with going back to school are you
feeling ready to do that well it is hard
to think about being ready per se to go
back to the school I do believe that it
will it will instill a sense of normalcy
in all of us because that is that was
our schedule that was our daily life
just going to school and being a high
school student and in in this past week
which feels like it's been forever we've
forgotten a lot of that we haven't been
acting like high schools we haven't felt
like high schoolers and while it won't
be the same as it was before it does
give us some sense of being teenagers
again and I think that is important well
delay meet our and Felicia Bergen thanks
for your bravery and for speaking with
us and joining us today we really
appreciate it and our thoughts and
prayers continue to be with all of you
there thank you
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
