right so we're told that the package
that was sent to CNN the one that you're
looking at that has caused the
evacuation of their Midtown Manhattan
headquarters which is the pictures
you're seeing now
was actually addressed not to someone
who works at CNN but to John Brennan the
former CIA director who sometimes
appears on CNN or has appeared on CNN he
was that that that's what the package
was addressed to to John Brennan but
then the address was the CNN
headquarters and what we're told is that
mr. Brennan was contacted by CIA
security because of the fact that of
course he's a former official and
they're concerned about his safety and
the description that they gave to him of
the device is consistent with what we
have been told and what we've been
reporting publicly that these were all
the the-the-the he was told at the they
all appeared to be similar to the ones
sent to Soros and to the Obamas and the
Clintons that they were in a cushioned
envelope and appeared to be a pipe bomb
sent through the postal service
contained a pipe and some wires but
whether in fact they were functioning
devices he was told has yet to be
determined and that Craig is also
consistent with what we have been told
which is that that has not been
determined yet now you know you may well
ask yourself well if they don't know
whether it's a working device right why
are they treating this with such
seriousness you know evacuating the
building and the answer to that question
is when in doubt assume that it is and
that's that that's the normal protocol
whenever there's a suspicious package
that appears to be a bomb so that's why
you're seeing this being treated the way
it is all of these packages all these
padded envelopes had the same return
address with a obviously a phony address
claiming to be from a prominent Democrat
we're not reporting the name right now
just for the sake of not spurring
copycats nor which seems the prudent
thing to do
and there I think there's some
indication from law enforcement
officials that that there's at least a
working theory on what state these
packages were mailed from which is a
good sign that investigators have a good
sense of that and and I think perhaps at
this point it would be well to explain
something about how packages are tracked
in this day and age when you send a
package when anyone sends a package
through the mail
now flats like this this padded envelope
are going to be treated slightly
differently than envelopes but when
these when the packages go through the
Postal Service obviously there's high
speed scanning and tracking to divert
them and move them on to where they're
where they're supposed to go but they're
photographed and it's possible to trace
things back to roughly the point of
origin by using the images that are
stored by the Postal Service so it's it
it when you put something in the mail it
doesn't just get you know this it is
possible to track it
not necessarily back to the actual box
that it was put in but certainly
possibly back to the state possibly back
to the local post office where it came
from so the the the ability of
government officials to gather evidence
and to work backwards is pretty
sophisticated in this day and age so the
there's some you know real encouragement
here that the source of this may may
eventually be found
all right justice correspondent Pete
Williams there with some news hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
