an in-depth investigation into Donald
Trump's finances from the New York Times
dropping in just the last hour
implicates President Trump in suspected
tax evasion and instances of outright
fraud that quote greatly increased the
fortune he received from his parents of
potentially devastating revelation for a
president who has based his entire
identity in the public and private
sectors on the contention that he is a
self-made billionaire the stunning
report as a result of an exhaustive
investigation by the New York Times
based on what it describes as a vast
trove of confidential tax returns and
financial records it's the first
comprehensive look at the president's
entire financial history the report
reveals that Trump received the
equivalent today of at least 413 million
dollars from his father's real estate
empire starting when he was a toddler
and continuing to this day adding that
much of this money came to mr. Trump
because he helped his parents dodge
taxes he and his siblings set up a sham
corporation to disguise millions of
dollars in gifts from their parents
records an interview show records
indicate that mr. Trump helped his
father take improper tax deductions
worth millions more an attorney for
president Trump forcefully denies the
litany of allegations laid out by the
time saying quote the New York Times
allegations of fraud and tax evasion are
100% false and highly defamatory there
was no fraud or tax evasion by anyone
the facts upon which The Times bases its
false allegations are extremely
inaccurate should the time state or
imply that President Trump participated
in fraud tax evasion or any other crime
it will be exposing itself to
substantial liability and damages for
defamation here to help us sift through
this massive story Jennifer Rubin
Washington Post opinion writer happens
to be a former tax attorney Matt Miller
former chief spokesman for the Justice
Department Ashley Parker White House
reporter for The Washington Post Sam
Stein politics editor for The Daily
Beast and Heidi pres Bell is here Ashley
let me start with you on just the sheer
political enormity of the entire Trump
brand of a self-made billionaire falling
apart based on this investigation
well it certainly does undercut his
inception story in his narrative which
is sort of the crux of being Donald
Trump right and it's um the iron is that
story really comes from for a lot of
voters what they learned about the
president on The Apprentice which is
actually sort of really well it is
reality television and it's quite
fictitious so now you have actual
reality bumping up with the fiction of
reality TV and so that is huge and
cannot be overstated at the same time
and again what will have to wait and see
this literally just broke one thing that
has always struck me especially about
the president's core group of supporters
is that the rules of normal political
gravity do not apply and the president
has often been able to say two things
like making products overseas that would
otherwise be unacceptable well wouldn't
you have done the same thing when you to
have avoided taxes if you could that's
just smart business we don't know what
his response will be but on the one hand
you're right
it totally undercuts the myth of
President Trump the dealmaker the
businessman and on the other hand it'll
be interesting to see if the president
can find a way to talk his way out of
this and let's see it's not just his
identity based on his time in reality
television it was one of his central
messages on the campaign trail here's
Donald Trump talking about being
self-made I mean my whole life really
has been a no and I fought through it I
have been and you know I talk about it's
not been easy for me it has not been
easy for me and you know I I started off
in Brooklyn my father gave me a small
loan of a million dollars my father gave
me a very small loan in 1975 and I built
it into a company that's worth many many
billions of dollars with some of the
greatest assets in the world and I say
that only because that's the kind of
thinking that our country needs I may
have to watch that a few times to get
through this hour but let me contrast
his public statements which often
struggle with the truth with the the
first purple paragraphs of this New
Times investigation the president has
long sold himself as a self-made
billionaire but a times investigation
found that he received at least four
hundred and thirteen million dollars in
today's dollars from his father's real
estate empire much of it through tax
dodges president Trump participated in
dubious tax schemes during the 90s
including instances of outright fraud
that greatly increased the fortune he
received from his parents
Sam yeah I think you can say you're
gonna you know have a certain position
you can say you're gonna build a wall
they never built a little wall you can
say you're gonna you know do this or
that but I don't think you can say
you're self-made and actually be someone
who inherited 443 million you wanna bet
I bet you know it's mean for a lot of
people who watch the sober-minded lis
this is nothing new we knew that you
know he was an inherit of immense wealth
that his father helped bail Matt on
numerous occasions according this story
by age 3 he was earning $200,000 a year
and today's money a millionaire by age 8
maybe he you know I don't know but you
know what atras point voters seem to not
really care for me you know what's
remarkable about this and I'm looking at
it in a medicine tsa's you know one of
the things that is remarkable so why did
it take so long for something like this
to come out about his background I mean
this is this is instructional this is
about who he is it's foundational to a
story and it we're just now getting this
stuff and the reason is is because
Donald Trump unlike any other person
who's ever run for president before
comes from a different type of universe
so people who are always looking into
his past the opposition researchers on
different campaigns had a lot of trouble
digging it up because the paper trail is
so Byzantine and complex as opposed to a
politicians who has votes press is just
your point let me let me read that and
then we'll pick this up so they report
to the top of the story a handful of
journalists and biographers notably
Wayne Barrett Gwenda Blair David K
Johnson and Tim O'Brien have challenged
Trump's story especially the claim of
being worth 10 billion dollars it
described how mr. Trump piggybacked off
his father's banking connections to gain
a foothold in Manhattan real estate they
poked holes and his go-to talking point
about the 1 million dollar loan citing
evidence that he actually got 14 million
they told how Fred Trump once helped his
son make a bond payment at an Atlantic
casino Atlantic City casino by buying
3.5 million dollars in casino chips but
The Times investigation of the Trump
family finances is unprecedented in
scope and precision offering the first
comprehensive look at the inherited
fortune and
Dodge's it guaranteed Donald J Trump a
gilded life the reporting makes clear
that in every era of mr. Trump's life
his finances were deeply intertwined
with independent on his father's well
yeah and there's some data there's some
anecdotes in here that just boggle the
mind
for instance setting up this essentially
what is a shell company ostensibly
designed to do all the purchases with
properties that they were built that
they had in French homes Empire but
really making no purchases at all
claiming the purchases were made and
just transferring the money to Donald
Trump and his siblings I mean that is
just gross evasion of Taxation
there was another anecdote about Donald
Trump trying to essentially take his
father's will manipulate it so that he
would become the sole inheritor and his
own sister
his father instructions looking at and
saying you know what this doesn't pass
the smell test now those are
biographical character assessments that
could maybe resonate with voters and I
think they might get lost in the
business just on the phone now one of
the reporters who broke this story David
Barstow a Pulitzer Prize winning senior
writer at the New York Times we are
diving through this in real time but but
take us through not just the revelations
in your reporting but but but the the
breadth and the depth and and the time
invested in this investigation
yeah we've spent an enormous amount of
time I think as you can see from from
just the sheer length of the story
trying to piece together using you know
over a hundred thousand pieces of paper
that we swept up over many many months
of reporting and and trying to really
peel back a whole bunch of more layers
of the onion in terms of looking at the
financial biography of the 45th
president I think the most you know I
think some of the notable things that
help give our reporting both its
precision and its detail is that we were
able to ultimately sweep up tens of
thousands of pages of previously
confidential financial records that
really detail the inner workings
the very impressive real-estate Empire
that the president's father constructed
over many years in Brooklyn Queens
including more than 200 tax returns that
are not the president's tax returns but
these are tax returns that actually for
the first time give us a sense of the
money that flowed from Fred Trump's real
estate empire to the president through
various family partnerships and trusts
David it's it's extraordinary as you as
you're talking about it in its in its
detail but I wonder if we can start at
the beginning of Donald Trump's life
because you report that by age three mr.
Trump was earning $200,000 a year in
today's dollars from his father's Empire
he was a millionaire by age eight by the
time he was 17 his father had given him
part ownership of a 52 unit apartment
building soon after mr. Trump graduated
from college he was receiving the
equivalent of a million dollars a year
from his father the money increased with
the years to more than five million
dollars in his 40s and 50s so the light
did you uncover when when the lie about
being self-made and only receiving 1
million dollars total from his father
where that came from and it seems like
that that was that was rendered false by
the time he was 8 yeah I mean I think I
think one of the most important things
that we've uncovered here is just the
incredibly creative ways that fredtrip
came up with to funnel money to to all
of his children but but actually to
Donald Trump in particular we actually
have been able to document 295 different
streams of revenue that thread from
created to enrich Donald Trump over a
50-year period of time I mean it was
kind of astonishing the different ways
that Fred Trump funneled money to Donald
you didn't just put him on his payroll
he made him his banker he made him his
landlord he made them his consultant he
made him his property manager he made
him his purchasing agent he gave him
laundry revenue it just was sort of
and on and on and on the various methods
and strategies that Fred Trump used to
to funnel money to President Trump and
not just at the beginning of the
president's career but actually
throughout his adulthood you know we
could see and trace through the
documents that we obtained that when the
president was in trouble Fred Trump was
there and you know supporting him with
additional monies when Donald Trump was
taking on big new projects Fred Trump
was sort of a silent partner behind the
scenes helping him out with with loans
and etc we've traced four hundred and
thirteen million dollars in direct
financial support that Fred Trump gave
to his son over you know over over
multiple decades this of course is also
the president who we all got very
familiar with on the campaign trail
saying he started with a million dollar
loan from his father and parlayed that
into this ten billion dollar empire a
complete fiction I want I want I found
this section of the piece that you were
just talking about it and it wasn't read
this do and talk about it some more all
told the Times documented 295 streams of
revenue that Fred Trump created over
five decades to enrich his son in most
cases his four other children benefited
equally but over time as Donald Trump
careened from one financial disaster to
the next his father found ways to give
him substantially more money records
show even so in 1990 according to
previously secret depositions mr. Trump
tried to have his father's will
rewritten in a way that Fred trop
alarmed and angered feared could result
in his empires being used to bail out
his sons failing businesses so another
myth destroyed his father was there to
bail him out from his failures it would
seem yeah and I think the other I think
the other extremely important piece of
the story
that is that the amount of money that
flowed from Fred Trump - Donald was
significantly increased by by a number
of certainly legally dubious and
certainly in some cases just outright
fraudulent tax schemes that the
president participated in that was kind
of another piece of this was
understanding that the inheritance that
Donald Trump was she'd from his father
both in gifts gifts and ultimately after
Fred Trump passed away that inherence
was significantly increased by a variety
of tax schemes that various tax experts
we consulted with described to us as
improper in some cases probably illegal
there Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
