all right we got breaking news in Robert
mother's Russia investigation a source
telling NBC news former Trump campaign
aide Rick Gates is expected to plead
guilty today an indication he is
cooperating with the special counsel can
you just put this in perspective so Rick
gates at this moment possibly pleading
guilty cooperating with Muller at the
same time president Trump's audience at
CPAC what are they chanting lock her up
things to do with Hillary Clinton lock
her up Hillary Clinton who is now a
private citizen living her life and
there you have an image right there rick
gates in a black car possibly
cooperating pleading guilty we're gates
and we know who has already Mike Flynn
George papadopolis and Paul Manafort has
been indicted respect NBC News
Intelligence in national security
reporter Kendall a nyan and MSNBC legal
analyst Danny Cevallos thanks to both of
you Ken let's start with you give us the
significance of this development in the
investigation I think this is a hugely
significant development it has been
expected for some time there was a
little bit of confusion yesterday about
whether Gates was pulling back had fired
his lawyer his new lawyer Thomas green
who is known for cutting deals with the
Justice Department
but now as you said NBC News and other
outlets are reporting that he is
expected to plead guilty as soon as
today and is expected to be cooperating
here's where this is hugely significant
he was Paul Manafort
right-hand man and close associate for
years they are charged together
they were a series of new charges was
leveled against them yesterday bank
fraud and tax fraud allegations
so if Gates is cooperating this puts
enormous pressure on Paul Manafort who
is 68 years old and already facing under
the guidelines 15 years in prison
puts enormous pressure on manna for to
cut a deal and Manta Ford is the one
that Muller appears to really want
because of what he could potentially say
about about Trump campaign collusion
with Russians guys and Danny this is
what's important here and that is that
gates know stuff about men afford and we
assume that Muller believes that man
affort holds the key to figuring out
what happened that June night meeting
what has happened with various contacts
with the Russians so is it your
impression that he is continuing to he's
got gates to turn on mana fort so that
the mana foreign
has to change or metaphor it's gotta cut
a deal you've got it that is the likely
inference that we can draw from this
u.s. attorneys don't typically enter
into these agreements unless the benefit
outweighs the loss because after all
they're agreeing to prosecute someone a
little less than they otherwise would
have done and that seems to be the case
here Gates leads to manna fort gates and
manna fort were in business together for
a very long time and the other
interesting thing is they were already
charged they were already indicted and
now there are these new indictments
which suggests possibly that they were
close to a deal with gates but then why
hit him with this left hook this final
haymaker of these 32 new counts could it
have been to absolutely secure his
cooperation that's a possibility but
what to get to this plea agreement to
get to this cooperation Gates had to sit
down with those prosecutors in advance
and convince them number one that he's
telling the truth and number two that he
has information that impresses those US
Attorney's information that they want so
much that they'll enter into an
agreement to later on make a
recommendation to a sentencing judge a
5k1 motion to reduce his sentence they
don't enter the US attorneys don't enter
into those agreements lightly they do it
only if they think the the reward is
worth what they're given okay Ken
Delaney and so these are heavy
indictments as you mentioned you know 15
years Paul Manafort could spend the rest
of his life but what if the president
pardons him that's a really interesting
question Stephanie I think we should all
be looking for that and doing some
reporting on whether that is on the
table but as you know it's been reported
that the New York Attorney General is
conducting his own investigation into
man-mana Ford's conduct and and if any
five state charges were filed against
Paul Manafort or anyone else that would
be out of reach of a presidential pardon
president Trump cannot pardon someone
drops me through this let's say it's
money laundering they're focused on if
it's Jared and Jared's business and it's
Muller's team handed this investigation
and of Jared and his family business to
let's say the Brooklyn da would that be
within the president's reach to pardon
somebody that's that the Brooklyn
he's going after Danny no the president
cannot pardon state crimes there are
some not many but some limitations on
the pardon power and guards business I
mean that's a New York family
real-estate business
exactly now the president could use
language that pardons these in these
defendants for any and all crimes they
may have committed or he could make it
as narrow as these particular indicted
crimes if he does that then there's the
possibility that Muller is holding on to
other charges not just the possibility
the reality because we've seen he was
doing exactly that he charged them and
then he charged them again several
months later so while there are very few
strictures on the pardon power one of
them is that it is completely
ineffective against state crimes and in
addition it's ineffective as to future
conduct if there's anything that you're
going to do in the future
but you know pardons can be very broadly
or very narrowly drawn and the president
theoretically could do it with a tweet
you could do it with a tweet all right
can Danny thank you both so much
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
