I want to get back to the idea of arming
teachers which the president says would
deter gunmen and help keep kids safe he
suggested allowing 20 percent of the
faculty to have guns here's the thing if
20 percent of public school teachers
were armed that would work out to more
than 600,000 nationwide that would be
more than the total number of active
duty soldiers currently serving in the
US Army I'm joined now by Alexis
Underwood a 7th grade English teacher
and a former US Marine Alexis I know
you've been grading papers in the last
few minutes I've got a sixth grader at
home who grading papers is something he
has nightmares about what goes through
you are exactly the type of person the
president says should be armed to
protect our kids here a former Marine
you're a teacher you understand both
what do you think of his idea I think
it's a horrible idea for two basic
reasons competency and trust when I was
a Marine
I trained 52 weeks a year to be combat
ready teachers don't have that luxury
I simply cannot train enough and teach
full-time to be combat ready and the
second one is trust as a Marine I had
complete trust in my chain of command to
have my back no matter what happened in
the line of duty I don't trust the
Florida Legislature or the Florida
governor to have my back in a crisis do
you think your fellow schoolteachers if
they were trained it would help to
school would it keep the students safer
no I don't believe it would now of
course there there may always be that
one-off situation where an armed
individual can save a life but for the
majority of us for the most of the
majority the large parts of students I
don't believe that arming teachers will
make them submit significantly safer if
President Trump wants to really help if
governor Scott wants to help give my
school district the money to put an
armed professional law enforcement
officer on every campus from pre-k to
adult education that would help do you
think there needs to be metal detectors
when kids walk into school actually
every single kid in my classes said they
would feel more comfortable if we had
metal detectors and they would go
through voluntarily I was surprised by
their answer when you think about school
budgets and what you're faced with and
the limitations whether it's school
supplies after-school activities
specials how strapped are schools
because while safety is paramount it's a
massive undertaking to to spend the
billions of dollars it would cost to arm
teachers that is a major concern for me
as a union leader I am intimately
familiar with the budget that my school
board has to work with and we simply
don't have that money floating around we
would have to take it from a program
that services our students I understand
that we all want our students to be safe
we want our students to be successful
but we can't rob Peter to pay Paul and
take away an educational program that
helps children learn and be better
prepared for the future in the hope of
making them more safe then given what
the gun laws are today do you feel safe
in the classroom it's a difficult
question I feel as safe as any teacher
in Bay County I wish I felt safer I am
prepared but I don't feel safe what do
you mean when you say you're prepared
are your students do you do drills with
them the president said he doesn't like
drills what we don't practice we will
not execute in a time of crisis my
school has armed shooter drills and I
personally attempt to drill every month
in the room at least once a month on an
unannounced basis to the kids because
what I do not practice
I will not execute well let me tell you
Alexis if I was in your class I would
feel safe with you in the front of the
room that makes me feel good I also have
a feeling you're probably a pretty tough
teacher I'm guessing those papers you
just graded you probably have that red
pen out a lot didn't you
oh I don't use red pen that's very
traumatizing I grade in purple there you
go I agree with that I hate red pen all
right Alexis thank you so much for
joining me today as an educator
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over
this list to see lots of other great
videos
