instead of just getting the boogeyman
and he's really he's just he's a
Salesman right he's just a carnival
barker who runs the carnival why don't
we have the pictures actually of the
seven men who are going to make more
money now because children and parkland
died because they are they always say
after mass slaughters these investors
who fund Wayne LaPierre they they get
even more wealthy the more children who
were slaughtered in schools it is a
data-driven fad and they get a pop them
right after a school shooting the more
profits they make why aren't we doing a
better job at finding out who those men
are
and stop putting this clown on who is
really just their spokesperson well I
mean look at an event like CPAC is an
event of spokespeople essentially right
and but ya know you're right and I do
think that we're talking about the
grassroots the bottom line of these
organizations and when you have rental
car companies doing this and I think
this is probably the beginning of if not
a movement certainly I think you'll see
more of that you have you know the kind
of sort of undercurrent in which you you
have bottom lines affected and I mean I
think that this might be the next place
we do not do you know who let's say who
the five people are that get wealthy or
every time there's a mass shooting at a
school you know I assume people together
there is a there is it's really I don't
know York Times magazines this is good
so you a sign that I mean it's not as a
national thought by me it's just a quote
with Wayne LaPierre is a spokesperson
just like Sarah Huckabee Sanders is a
spokesperson for Donald Trump he is a
spokesperson for big finance and for for
people who are making tons of money on
guns yeah and that's why his job I think
his jobs morphed through the years there
was a time obviously when the
ra was about gun owners yeah and it was
about protecting gun owners it was about
teaching gun safety a very very noble I
always believed the very noble
organization at some point and I don't
know exactly when it's stopping about
gun owners and started being about the
prophets of Wall Street investors in gun
companies well and he is though the
voice along with Dana lash of the NRA
among many like looking at them what and
we look at her and wonder how she does
her job every day literally how she
spews lies at times for this president
when she's supposed to be serving this
country so we'll look also now more
close well you know you can't just call
them like little pawns quickly they take
they have completely to say and I just
drawn an analogy it's time to go to
Frank it's an analogy that you're not
giving enough depth to they are more
than spokespeople they are the voice
because of these entities but we should
look at what's behind them which is a
point well taken
however can I ask you a question no have
I ever been accused of giving too much
death to any no you did we're way over
still I had on Morning Joe Bob Muller
suggest I might much more incredible
news ahead Bob Miller files new criminal
counts in the Russia probe in fact he
files 32 of them the sweeping new
indictments against Paul Manafort and
Rick gates and what it means for the
White House by the way both of those
guys who can have time to grow very long
beards and be jel to they're like on
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
