Jeremy I'm duty-bound to ask you about
pardons only because I'm just picking up
interstitial bits of conversations on
both sides of the political aisle about
pardons is the president's power
limitless he said that someday maybe
we'll talk about at a later date the
Flynn matter but here come more names
and more charges and I think it's gonna
force more of the conversation well just
to be direct Brian now the president's
power is not limitless because of course
he cannot pardon himself or pardon his
own impeachment impeachment Trump's
pardon in the Constitution but his power
to part individuals who are accused of
crimes who are indicted and who face
criminal exposure is very expansive and
I think man afford and others signaling
to the president tonight that hey we
don't really have a lot to say negative
about the president we're digging in
we're fighting the prosecutor were not
waiving jurisdiction we're gonna force
him to litigate this in potentially two
locations I think that's a signal to the
White House that hey we're open for
business if you guys want to talk pardon
Jeremy this calls for an opinion on your
part do you think it is among the
possible yes very much so I think the
president is weighing whether to
extinguish all of these criminal charges
and basically put Bob Muller out of
business using his power of the pardon
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
