go away from the Yale and shake my
finger and get rid of the tomato for 15
minutes
and I know I'm supposed to shut up cuz
I'm a single white male 510 uncut
because this is a bunch of C or a P Q
perhaps violations that they say cable
there but we'll keep going kate mckinnon
serious issues stemming from the cabinet
controversy the Washington Post
reporting quote the sexual assault
allegations against Supreme Court
nominee Brett Kavanaugh have sparked a
wave of embrittle anger and anxiety from
many Republican men who say they're in
danger of being swept up by false
accusers who are biased against them
this outbreak of male resentment now
seems likely to play a defining role in
the midterm elections just five weeks
away contrasting with a burst of
enthusiasm among women propelling
Democratic campaigns and inspired by the
national meet to reckoning of her sexual
assault and gender roles the piece goes
on quote the Republican Party has long
identified with more traditional white
males such as former presidents Reagan
and George W Bush but strategists say
it's now turning more toward combative
men oh good combative male candidates in
the mold of Trump with allegations of
misconduct interpreted by many within
the party not as liabilities but as
unfair political attacks joining the
conversation Associated Press White
House reporter Jonathan lemare say it
isn't so it's now a political asset to
punch people
that's unbelievable well the President
Trump as a candidate and we as we've
seen him since taking office certainly
has the idea of grievance is fueling so
much of this political movement and he's
tapping into it now he's made it very
clear that he sees the me2 movement not
as a moment for women who have
experienced sexual assault sexual
harassment to come for with their
stories but rather he sees it as a
danger for men who are accused of these
things and of course without saying so
he's obviously reflecting back upon
himself he of more than a dozen women or
the meeting no reminder accused him of
that sort of misbehavior in his you know
while businessman and then candidate and
he's seeing that now too he he is saying
today you heard him on the White House
lawn suggesting that he was very afraid
not for for young men and how they would
be impacted by this and when he was
asked what his message would be for
young women he just said well women are
doing great so I think that there is an
element of
some men who fear they were fueled by
this backlash to me - who feel like
they're being unfair who are fairly
treated who were gonna go out there and
try to push forward with a sort of angry
populism that we're seeing for him can I
just ask a question I'm sorry I just so
do we have any example or evidence of
where these white young males or white
males generally are being unfairly
treated in in this me - era I mean how
many how many cases allegations have
come forward that have been shown that
these men have been falsely accused for
every one what there are a hundred or a
thousand women yes actually that sexual
assault allegations there are no money
more they're no more false sex crimes
allegations than there are allegations
of any other crime and that's about two
to eight percent sixty seventy perhaps a
higher percentage of women who are
assaulted in some fashion do not report
it so we're talking about a tiny number
of people who may be falsely accused
versus a whole bunch of people who are
getting away with it but this is the
whole Republican Party they have become
professional victims the people who are
least entitled to claim it are now
claiming victimhood we are now supposed
to cry tears for - don't Trump and Brett
Kavanaugh rich entitled privileged white
guys because they're not getting
something they want they are having a
public temper tantrum no one here has
shown that either dr. Ford or Deborah
Ramirez have falsified anything have
been part of this conspiracy they come
across as credible country interest
people so when it comes to who's being
wronged here I don't think it's these
two guys Ashley this is the piece that I
quoted from your colleagues Phil Rucker
and Robert Acosta and it certainly takes
the conversation out of the serious and
in Thomas the ludicrous sort of he - as
a political midterm message is that real
well I think it Israel because a they
wrote that story would they want to
written it I don't know
campaigns that are looking at this is
like saying is you then have the
president today coming out and basically
articulating the thesis of that article
and again to the point over there is
that this isn't necessarily based in
reality what it was based in Pasadena
and sort of visceral gut instinct it if
you take a number of the things the
president said when he goes to
communities and he turns up fears about
immigrants taking away jobs oftentimes
the people who are most concerned about
that are the communities that have the
fewest immigrants the fewest chances of
that happening
and so this is a message that resonates
I don't have to be honest I don't know
how much we'll see this in ads
necessarily but it is something that
plays well to the president's base that
politics of grievance and someone else
is taking something away from you and
it's not always broken down on gender
lines I mean there's been plenty of
anecdotal evidence of Republican women
out and Trump rallies saying you know
what what what Brett Kavanaugh is
accused of doing you know that happens
all the time and you know if it happened
to my daughters I wouldn't really you
know think twice about it's just like
whoa you know and their daughters right
there is the vast majority of men and
women think that if a line is crossed
and sexual assault I mean I again I
think most human beings men and women
think that sexual assault is bad . so I
guess I guess I think honest his
rhetoric doesn't it doesn't count the
states otherwise I mean he's
perpetuating the this this myth auto
mythology of machismo you know this is
how guys talk this is how we do hey
what's up you know it's it's that's kind
of you know relationship with women now
that women are pushing back and going
that's not the kind of relationship that
we will know any longer tolerate there
there is a there's an antiquated element
to it obviously he has this really
madman mindset there's a racial element
of course because he doesn't really
think presumption of innocence applies
to black people I mean he stole his car
park five to be executed and also
there's the political element of this
and you hear constantly people saying
you know we can't drop kavanah because
the necks of
Preem court justice will choose will
just be accused of the same exact thing
and it's there's no evidence for this
right now Gorsuch wasn't accused of any
of this stuff and obviously if you don't
want to be accused of sexual assault the
easiest thing to do is to not commit
sexual assault and so you know it's so
none of this seems totally reality-based
but i don't think it can be dismissed as
a semi potent political feeling that the
Republican Party is going hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
