Sam's wife is a senior at Marjory
Stoneman Douglas High School who
attended that listing session at the
White House yesterday he's here with his
father Doug - thank you both for making
time Sam first obviously the entire
nation is watching all of you in a kind
of awe at the grace that you've shown
and we all send our condolences
obviously watching watching the
president today a day after that
listening session so ruminate about
teachers carrying weapons and and that
hardening schools what was going through
your mind it's not right teachers they
don't go to get degrees to shoot they
get degrees to teach to mold young lives
every single day to mentor to build
relationships to love and protect but
how can you put that responsibility on a
teacher of knowing whether or not
they're gonna have to point a gun at
their students that day what happens
when a teacher and a student get into an
argument and the teacher thinks the
student is a little more sensitive to
the subject and after the argument the
student reaches in their bag for a
school supply and the teacher thinks
they're reaching for a gun so they pull
the gun out on them first and yeah the
rest the rest is history
Doug what do you what do you think of
how this is played out in the national
conversation since what happened in your
son's school well we're talking about
some of the wrong things here we should
be talking about this is not about the
NRA I mean yes they're a powerful
organization but the truth is our
politicians have enabled them and
empowered them to be powerful if we just
stop taking special interest money from
organizations like the NRA we wouldn't
be having this issue right now and we'd
still be honoring the Second Amendment
so first and foremost we need to have
sensible gun control in this country and
it needs to start yesterday and maybe it
needed to start Tuesday of last week
instead of Wednesday after Wednesday
secondly we do have a mental health
issue it's a small one but mental health
is a lifetime thing
for most people and honestly I'm more
concerned about mental health right now
for the grieving families than I am
about a would-be shooter if a would-be
shooter can't get an automatic rifle or
a semi-automatic rifle or high-capacity
magazines we have no issues with
mentally ill people necessarily and
third as far as background checks go yes
we need a system of really improved
background checks absolutely so the
dialogue I think has moved a wave it's
become obviously very political and it
really shouldn't be political this is
about our Constitution I agree but the
interpretation of our Constitution is
what's critical here and how our
founding fathers I said this earlier
our founding fathers will be rolling
over in their graves if they knew how
far our society has fallen from the
values that they put forward in the 17-7
1770s Sam you're nodding your head I am
I'm in complete agreement the the Second
Amendment was it was put in place for
defense not offense the Second Amendment
was so that you could walk and feel safe
with protection but not to walk around
with an AR you don't need to walk around
with an AR to feel safe you walk around
with an AR to kill people and that's
what happened that's what's been
happening and when is it gonna end
that's my question Sam can I ask you
what you mentioned your best friend he
lost and I just wondered if you could if
you could tell us it is his or her name
walking Oliver I'm sorry about Joaquin's
loss we're all desperately sorry about
Joaquin's loss thank you
Doug how do you feel about the watching
your son and the students he goes to
school with somehow deal with all of
this in the way they are dealing with it
well you know it's a it's a terrible
thing for a parent or a sibling to go
through this and honestly we won the
lottery last week 17 families are broken
forever
and we're having to deal with our grief
of both of our children
my wife's grief for standing on a street
corner in parkland waiting for
surrounded by SWAT team and their
sheriff's deputies and police and
ambulances and EMTs wondering if both of
her children were alive or dead I I mean
I can't even imagine it's still surreal
to me that our nation is still going
through this at this point in our in our
civilization after 9/11 I'm a New Yorker
I reveal New York after 9/11 we fixed
that almost immediately there are a
couple little tweaks that needed to be
made to our homeland security system
such as the bottles of water the liquids
the shoelaces all of that but we fixed
it immediately right after the first
incidence we should have fixed this
after Columbine and it should have been
done and people that have little
elementary school children like in Sandy
Hook or the nightclub shooting or it
could be any shopping mall this could
never happen in a civilized society
we're still I maintain that we are still
still misinterpreting the way the
Constitution was meant to be used and
honestly my generation has failed these
kids Sam there are so many people
watching you and watching your
classmates who want to support you I
mean they I think you sort of awakened a
real kind of conscience and people
people want to do what they can for you
they want to make things better for you
what what can they do what should people
who want to support you do we're not
gonna stop we we have a March coming on
the 24th of March and DC all over the
country also come out come to Douglas
come support us come be with us we're
gonna fight this you know we were lucky
enough to start at the White House at
the top with the legislators but that's
not working so far so far it's been over
a day since being there and nothing's
been changed so that has not worked we
are gonna have to start from the bottom
now we're gonna have to start from the
judiciary and work
right back up to the top Doug's I've Sam
Sam I gotta say I got a an almost four
year old boy
and I would be delighted if he grew into
the kind of young man that you you are
and Doug you should be very proud the
job you did thank you both I really
appreciate it
Jennifer thank you hey there are Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click Subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
