you know what does the Democratic Party
do here I mean you you see this Conor
lamb and you know I'm sure you know this
is a Democrat trying to win in Trump
country and guns is a it's not a policy
debate it's a cultural issue well it's
an issue of freedom yeah and they really
take it as their they want to be left
alone and live their lives and they
don't want government in Washington or
in Colorado they don't want government
Denver telling them what to do so I
think you have to go incremental II and
in those rural states universal
background checks I think a good place
to start bump stocks you look I mean we
out log what were the Tommy gun's
Thompson submachine guns back in 1933 or
34 they are you know the weapons of
their military grade weapons that's I
think there's a line there that we're
going to get to where military grade
weapons certainly will raise the age I
think we'll get to 21 years at least for
military grade weapons you know we'll
take those incremental steps are you
gonna do that in Colorado first we'll
see I think are you ready to propose
this before you leave office or now no I
think well I think I'm certainly going
to talk about with Republican leadership
and I mean it's not just Democrats
they're rattled by this I mean think
about if you've no doubt suburban
Republicans I think are rattled on one
hand and rural Democrats are rattled for
different reasons absolutely yeah and I
think that if you were to look at you
really want to harm this country let's
say you're sitting in a in a basement in
Leningrad and you're plotting you want
to harm America what would be more
effective than to make American children
too scared to go to school too too
scared when they're in school to focus
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
