Oh John I'm gonna start with you when
you hear that from the president what is
your reaction what do you think
well first off when he's talking about
video games and how it's shaping the
youths minds we can't go blaming school
shootings and mass shootings on a video
game this that's just for fun and to
make that comparison through playing a
game through real-life action that's
just despicable because the root of the
problem is the gun mental health
stricter background checks and also when
he's talking about how the NRA it's not
their fault it really is because they
are the ones that have that are bringing
the donations to our legislators who are
persuading their minds because obviously
money is more valuable to them than
children and the youth and citizens of
the United States lives concealed you've
been outspoken about the NRA the NRA was
represented yesterday at that townhall
that CNN held with Dana lash and there
was also a couple speaking moments this
morning at CPAC with Wayne LaPierre and
Dana lash where they talked about what
the problem is and they said the problem
is not guns the problem is not
law-abiding gun owners the problem is
the media the problem is Democrats
they're the ones that are trying to take
these rights away from you they're the
ones that are making you more unsafe
when you saw that did you agree with
their sentiment do you think it was a
what they were saying was right or d-did
you have another opinion
um what Dana said this morning was
completely incorrect we do not feel that
way at all back on what John was saying
is that the NRA and Republican lawmakers
want to protect our Second Amendment
rights but I guess they don't care about
the First Amendment why should we censor
our movies and video games there are
countless amounts of video games that
show violence in different countries and
they don't have the same the difference
between them and us is they have
stricter gun policies and that's what
we're working towards and also if I
could bounce off that idea with the NRA
we are not taking our movement our
ideas are opinions we're not our idea is
not to take away the Second Amendment we
are more than happy to for people to
hold have and carry handguns in their
homes but when we're talking about our
ar-15 that's a weapon of mass
destruction military-grade when can you
use that for self-defense we don't need
a 200 round gun shooting through a
predator that's in your house no no 18
year olds should be able to to have a
gun like that I understand people want
guns for safety but when would you need
a gun that shoots off 200 rounds for
safety is it for you an issue of age
should they raise the age limit or for
you guys is it an issue of getting
assault weapons off the streets banning
assault weapons well I think maybe the
age definitely we should raise the age
because for it to be 18 that's just
ridiculous because you can't even buy
alcohol however when you have a sick
mind and you're mentally ill it doesn't
matter if you're 18 or 54 you're still
gonna have a mentally ill mind and
you're not gonna have the right mindset
to have and carry a gun so yes it would
it would help because most of most of
school shootings the average age is
around 18 to 230 so yes that will help
but it's not gonna eliminate the problem
which we're trying to do and like you
said you you call them what they are
assault weapons why do we need assault
weapons around children around schools
those weapons are for the military for
people fighting wars we don't need them
in our own backyard we don't need anyone
to have them we're not here to take away
your guns we're not here to get rid of
the Second Amendment we're just here to
we want we want our lives we want to
grow up we want to be able to to make
changes in the world and that's what
we're here to do if a lot of people are
getting this wrong and thinking that
we're against the Second Amendment we're
not against the Second Amendment we're
not against the amendments at all we're
using our First Amendment rights
by using freedom of speech by and
talking about all this
the NRA they Republican lawmakers are
getting it wrong we do not want to take
away your guns let me play a much more
play wheel up here just one more time
from the CPAC gathering this morning
opportunist wasted not one second to
exploit tragedy for political gain saul
linski would have been proud the break
back speed of calls for more gun control
laws and the breathless national media
eager to smear the NRA I feel like
you've been exploited for political gain
no the Republicans and Democrats it
doesn't matter what party you're
affiliated with this is a life-and-death
issue I don't feel like we've been
exploited at all a lot of us are going
out here and speaking our truths and
talking about what happened because we
want change to happen we don't want to
just sit around and let this happen to
another school our message is simple
it's never again and we don't want this
to happen anywhere let me ask you one
more question about the president
yesterday he sat down and he listened to
some of your classmates he listened to
other parents who have lost their kids
and not only the shooting at your school
but other shootings in the past he had a
notepad that that had a number of
questions listed at the end of it just a
reminder I hear you
he listened yesterday today he also
reaffirmed his support for the NRA so do
you think he can have it both ways is it
possible to support the NRA and the
message of the NRA is putting forth as
you saw just a moment ago and support
you guys and support those who have been
the victim of gun violence I would just
like to say before John speaks is that
President Donald Trump did not invite
any of us at the never again movement
there
we're wondering why if he could respond
to us why didn't he invite us we're the
ones that are talking about it and also
going off the fact that you said I
President Trump said I hear you to the
students and he's also
the NRA yes there is some commonality in
what we both agree with which is
stricter background checks which is no
one that has a mental illness should be
carrying a weapon we understand that and
we those are our values too as well as
the NRA in there they agree with that
however the main issue that we're having
that he if he's saying I hear you well
the message we have that you should hear
is that no one should have an NRA no one
should have a weapon of mass destruction
first-first a sport or for protecting
their home because if if we were gonna
have an ar-15 for sport it would
obliterate the meat you can do 200
rounds just went off of one clip that's
that that's not what a sport gun should
be well let me just remind everyone let
me just remind everyone where the NRA
stands on mental health and guns there's
something called the gun violence
protective order laws they're also known
as gun violence restraining orders and
therefore those who pose an extreme risk
protection to others and excuse me I'm
reading this so I get this correct they
allow families and household members as
well as law enforcement officers to
petition a court to remove a person's
access to guns if he or she poses an
imminent danger to self or others this
person obviously that went into your
school flags had been raised about him
the authorities were alerted about him
multiple times the NRA is now blaming
the FBI they're blaming law enforcement
for not doing anything about it but at
the same time the NRA does not support a
gun violence restraining order but the
one that I just read the NRA does not
support it so are you finding I mean you
just said they they support not letting
those with mental health issues have a
gun but it seems to go against what they
do support and with what do you think
the NRA is contradicting themselves I
know I it's it's not it's not hidden
that law enforcement and the FBI they
should have worked together and with the
schools the things we talked about
yesterday in Tallahassee is I I am all
for my juvenile records
be out there if it saves lives if it
saved those 17 lives because once you're
18 if your juvenile records are sealed
off what do you have on your record he
was 19 years old I believe so he had one
year of of things on his record tins old
on guys I'm so sorry to interrupt you
but the White House has started their
press briefing this is Raja
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
