let's take a look at what the president
is proposing and the larger argument of
more guns bins means more safety in a
series of tweets starting with one of
these ones defending the idea this
morning the president said 20 percent of
teachers a lot would now be able to
immediately fire back if a savage sicko
came to a school with bad intentions he
continued if a potential sicko shooter
knows that a school has a large number
of very weapons talented teachers and
others who will be instantly shooting
the sicko will never attack that school
let's take a look at that this 20
percent number that the president's
talking about according to the
Department of Education there are more
than three and a half million elementary
and secondary school teachers in the
United States the Bureau of Labor
Statistics lists more than 200,000
school coaching jobs they don't break it
down by levels let's assume that the
majority are school coaches with more
than 98 thousand public schools alone
that would be an average of eight armed
teachers per school 18 states already
allow teachers to carry guns in schools
most of them require some kind of
authorization from school officials
others have different requirements like
a concealed carry permit or some other
bar to meet so that's what we're talking
about I just want to put the numbers out
there that is said without judgment
that's just giving us a sense of what
we're talking about now I tweeted out
this morning to say any of you out there
who are teachers please tell me what you
think of this idea the response rate is
100% against the idea of arming teachers
for very valid reason Stephanie teaching
is a very serious profession they are
underpaid we are short of them teachers
want to teach security is a different
job law enforcement is a different job
it is not to denigrate any of them but
they're different jobs it's like me
telling you you got to come in with a
gun to go to work early it's running and
while you were sharing that I keep
looking at that classroom because that
is a grade school classroom probably a
kindergarten or first grade classroom
and of all the things as a mom I have a
daughter
who's 4 years old in pre kindergarten
and there's a lot of things I think
about when I walk into her classroom and
it's a huge responsibility for those
teachers to be Manning 14 15 25 times
having a gun on them should not be one
of their responsibilities joining us now
is one of those heroes a journalism and
English teacher at Stoneman Douglas
house school at high school Melissa
falkowski during the
shooting she hid 19 students in her
classroom closet no doubt this woman
saved lives Melissa thank you so much
for joining us I am so sorry for what
you are going through thank you
what are your thoughts on arming
teachers I think the idea is ridiculous
I have problems with it on a lot of
levels first I don't think it would have
helped in our particular situation you
know he was wearing full body armour and
a reinforced helmet from what I
understand so you're asking a teacher to
bring a handgun which is what most what
concealed carry is talking about you
know to to face off against somebody
who's using an ar-15 and so I think that
that's just unrealistic and and not a
fair fight and you know I I have
problems with on other levels like where
is it being kept and what happens if a
student gets their hands on it what
happens if the one of the teachers that
is trained ends up being ultimately
disgruntled I mean and so I just I think
it it brings in more problems you know
to the arena than it solves and I think
it's a distraction we shouldn't be
treating our schools like they're
military installments you know with you
know like our teachers our police
officers and I mean I guess my question
to president Trump would be then are our
teachers going to be paid like police
officers and are they going to be be
paid as the military are because we are
not because we are not and I I I don't
know I don't think I know any teachers
that would feel comfortable carrying a
weapon in their classroom these are
places where students are supposed to
come and feel like they're at home when
they're outside their home and how much
at home can you feel if you know that
your teacher may or may not be carrying
a weapon in the classroom so I just have
problems with it on a lot of levels
you're going to be returning to that
classroom tomorrow what are you
expecting to experience being back there
I mean to what we said earlier you have
your students hiding in a closet I
actually I actually just came from
school I actually I actually just was
standing in my classroom not not 15
minutes ago and I went into the closet
and
you know I was expecting to feel like a
rush of emotions but I don't those two
hours
you know while they were terrifying and
terrible like they don't erase you know
three years of memories that I have in
that room with my students and I don't I
don't feel like I can let that
experience take that from me I felt very
much like it does on any other day just
a little bit more out of sorts than than
normal
let me just talk about what Wayne
LaPierre the head of the NRA said just a
short time ago at CPAC about schools I
want to separately from arming teachers
I want to get your view on what he said
about schools let's listen okay in every
community in America school districts
PTAs teachers unions local law
enforcement
moms and dads they all must come
together to implement the very best
strategy to harden their schools
including effective trained armed
security that will absolutely protect
every innocent child in this country
Melissa I know your experience is
different in parkland there are some
schools in this country unfortunately
where there are metal detectors and
there are armed police regularly around
very visibly what is your and I don't
mean this as criticism of the NRA I
actually just want to ask you what do
you both
are Danang schools as soft targets
people parents drop their kids off at
school or the kids are bussed to school
and they want to feel that that is the
several hours in the day in which their
kids are the safest do we have to think
about hardening schools I mean I think
that schools around the nation I've
already taken those steps I mean we put
Broward County years ago put fences
around all our schools they made it so
that the gates of various entries are
locked so that there's one entry point
we have a system where you come in and
you have to show your ID and they scan
your driver's license we already have an
armed - officer on campus we have a BSO
officer who's full-time you know
full-time on campus so I think that
schools have taken that step I just
don't think that you can plan for every
single eventualities know a lot of
people say oh well if they want to you
know they want to get in and they're
gonna get in and I think on some level
that that's true but I think we have to
do a better job of making
harder for them and I don't think that
the solution to that is necessarily
hardening the schools even further I
think that we have to look at you know
we have to look at individuals who you
know should not have weapons and we have
to look at the weapons themselves like
what is the necessity of an ar-15 and
these other assault rifles like why do
we need them if we if people have
hunting rifles and they have handguns
and what is the necessity it's a
necessity of military-grade you know
weapons you know in the hands of regular
everyday civilians and I don't think
anyone you know on the other side of
this argument has addressed what you
might actually use that for in real life
and so but for some reason that's not
the topic of conversation I it's
everything at school right
the conversation continues to pivot you
know at first it's we shouldn't talk
about it because we need to let people
grieve and then you know it became
mental health and then it was that the
kids were crisis actors which is so
absolutely ridiculous you know I see
these students many of these students
every day and our students that I've
taught you know over the last you know
over the last few years and and so the
conversation continues to pivot and I
think that the the purpose of that is
distraction and I don't you know I
honestly I don't think that the American
people are going to be fooled by that
they want to have the conversation about
tougher gun laws and it's time to have
the conversation then now is the time
and the kids aren't going to let it go
that's been one of the most
extraordinary things you know after
other shootings we often hear from
leaders it's not the right time these
people need to grieve and you your
colleagues and your students have stood
up and said absolutely not and you are
leading this charge to discuss this as
we mentioned earlier you were back you
were in your classroom just 15 minutes
ago you're going to be back in that
classroom with your students have you
spoken to any of those students over the
last week and what are you expecting a
conversation to be with them tomorrow um
I mean I'm not going back tomorrow I
know there are some teachers that are
but there are a lot of teachers who are
not ready yet and I'm gonna be joining
them off campus somewhere to have
breakfast and kind of be with them I'm
not planning to return return until
Monday and start making plans about you
know what the week is going to hold but
you know I have I use an app like
other teachers called reminds that
allows me to communicate with my
students outside of school without us
having actually each other's you know
actual phone numbers and so you know
they've been sending me messages than
I've been sending the messages like over
the last you know days and I think I
don't know that they're all ready to
come back but I think we're ready to be
you know ready to be together and I
think it's it's approaching that time
where the kids need to be with their
teachers and we need to start having the
conversations about how they feel and
and what we can do to you know best help
them move on but I think a lot of kids
especially the ones that were not
specifically in that building they feel
like this fight you know that they've
started that this is what they can do
give voice to the people who aren't
ready to talk give voice to the people
who no longer have a voice and to take
that and turn that into change and
that's how they're dealing with their
grief and I think it's amazing and our
kids have always been amazing at at MSD
and I think that this is just a
testament to that thank you so much
Melissa thank you to you and thank you
to all of you you who are having a voice
for those who can't speak anymore
Melissa falkowski is a journalism and
English teacher at Stoneman Douglas high
school you and I were together in Las
Vegas I went to Texas I was at Sandy
Hook - Dana lashes point I hate this
more than I hate anything else that I do
in my job when I get that call to go to
a mass shooting it is the saddest time
in my life hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
