so it was an emotional day at the White
House yesterday where President Trump
vice-president pence and education
secretary Betsy DeVos hosted survivors
of school shootings and their family
members for a listening session in
search of solutions to gun violence here
is some of what was said I'm only 15
years old I'm a sophomore 19 years 19
years ago the first school shooting
Columbine at Columbine High School
happened and I was born into a world
where I never got to experience safety
and peace there needs to be a
significant change in this country
because this has to never happen again
and people should be able to feel that
when they go to school they can be safe
I'm very angry that this happened
because it keeps happening 9/11 happened
once and they fixed everything how many
schools how many children have to get
shot it stops here with this
administration and me all this school
shootings which is it doesn't make sense
fix it should have been one school
shooting and we should have fixed it and
I'm pissed because my god I'm not gonna
see again she's not here she's not here
she said in the North Lauderdale like
whatever it is King David
Cemetery that's where I go to see my kid
now it's school safety it's not about
gun laws right now that's that's another
fight another battle let's fix the
schools and then you guys could battle
it out whatever you want but we need our
children safe my name is Sam zyf I'm a
student from Marjory Stoneman Douglas I
was on the second floor in that building
texting my mom texted my dad
texting three of my brothers and I was
never gonna see him again and then it
occurred to me my fourteen year old
brother was directly above me in that
classroom or Scott beagle was murdered
Scott beagle got my brother in the class
he was the last kid to get back into
that class I turned 18 the day after
woke up to the news that my best friend
was gone and I don't understand why I
could still go in a store and buy a
weapon of war an AR how do we not stop
this after Columbine after City I'm
sitting with a mother that lost her son
it's still happening I had two sons who
were at Sandy Hook school my eldest who
was eight at the time survived and my
six-year-old son Dylan did not and I
have been working tirelessly on this
issue for over five years now I
absolutely agree
Sandy Hook there has been an increase in
school safety and security we've
invested a lot in the bricks and mortar
of our schools we've invested a lot in
the security of our schools I think we
also need to focus on prevention how do
we prevent these acts from happening how
can we help identify and get help for
people who are at risk of hurting
themselves or others before they pick up
any weapon right now you could mandate
these sorts of programs you could ensure
that schools students and educators are
trained how to recognize these signs and
to know what to do when they see them
and then to ensure that those tips are
followed through you have the ability to
make a difference in save lives today
please don't waste this
Michael I was just asking you guys
before this is feel different what do
you think all it does for me this is a
space that we've not been in before when
you go back to these other tragedies
there was outrage there was frustration
but there was no sense of movement there
was no sense of the pieces kind of
coming together finally to make the case
to elected officials that this has to
stop the president to his great credit
gave that voice yesterday in a way we
have not seen before now whether or not
he intended to let that genie out of the
bottle it's out and the fact of the
matter is it's going to be harder for
the Marco Rubio's it's gonna be harder
for the NRA it's gonna be harder for a
lot of people who stood in that
particular doorway
all right harking back to those civil
rights moments well you had people
standing in the doorway of progressing
forward on a very important civil agenda
it's gonna be hard for them to look a
mother to look a student to look a
family in the eye and go this policy
must stand because this is the best
policy in the eyes of those parents and
those friends and those kids out there
that policy is killing their kids their
friends and their neighbors and I for me
I had said Rick a couple of days ago
that this is like another divisive
social issue abortion where 3d imagery
and the ability to get get children into
the NICU earlier and earlier has changed
how many Americans feel about abortion
let's say if you're debating the ban
after 20 weeks because they've seen
their children with 3d imagery they've
seen their profiles like me of their
children in the womb and still see that
profile on their nine-year-old children
ten-year-old children and so that that's
nothing a politician on the left or
right said that's something that family
saw here my god every
that has a child in America that we talk
to our children are profoundly impacted
by this they're scared they are
frightened they believe that they can't
go to school without being gunned down
and again I will say what I said after
Newtown the pace of these killings are
picking up three of the most tragic mass
shootings in American history have
happened over the last six months so
what does this all mean what you saw
yesterday what do you think it means
well let me start by saying they
acknowledge that this is just
unspeakably sad and I do get the
president and Marco Rubio a lot of
credit it's the most difficult thing is
to look someone in the eye who has lost
their child this morning my daughter
will get up and she will go to each
school and in the public schools here in
northern in Northern Virginia
now in Northern Virginia we're more
blessed I guess because we have resource
officer in the school and on all our
schools nearly all our schools that I
know of and when you go to that front
door that door is then open that there
was locked you'll not be able to get in
at school it's it's it's a hardened
target there's no soft targets the idea
that mr. Guttenberg brought up is we
really have to look at hardening targets
and protecting the kids he said it's he
said it's not a gun debates we've got to
protect the kids I do think it's both
but the idea of open campuses for high
schools may be a thing of the past that
you you've got to close that down you
got to protect you gotta protect the
kids here's here's the I don't want to
say the cynical side but are the
difficult side as you mentioned Joe that
just there's 300 million guns in the
United States there's the 5 to 10
million air 15's I agree with Michael I
think this is different but I don't know
that the result will be exactly the same
I do think we need something so I think
when you have someone
who the police went to their residence
39 times on a 9-1-1 calls and that
somehow doesn't get into the background
check that's got to change
the idea that someone is mentally ill
and can acquire a firearm that's right a
change but the air 15 has been around
since before the 1960s Armalite sold at
the coltan and it's been around long so
so so and then you were there in 1994
during the assault weapons ban
I was and I bring I write at night okay
right so right after that we have
assault weapons ban and the air 15 and
other weapons like it were illegal not a
single one was confiscated or taken in
everybody who only one kept it so the
problem is if somebody like this shooter
here decides he's going to go and kill a
lot of students because they're in many
cases copycat deaths they go into the
store they purchase and there I mean you
could there's always and I'm not saying
this is what you're suggesting but
there's always this black and white
issue okay if we want to limit the
selling of that if we want to raise the
age if we want to make it tougher or if
we want to stop sales now then suddenly
people will come on
the NRA and we can and they will say
they want to come and confiscate your
guns I've never said that once and yet
the NRA is running ads actually against
me saying quote I want to destroy
people's lives but you know if I would
probably have about an 80% 85% rating
still in the NRA scorecard cuz I don't
even like carry laws in Connecticut and
New York I feel like I should be able to
carry what I want to carry that's what I
personally believe right right but they
will say because I've been fighting for
background checks and limiting the
purchase of ar-15 and bump stocks that I
want to quote destroy and they'll say
the gun owners Joe Scarborough wants to
destroy your life we've got other NRA
Clips here where they are openly
inciting and violent its members of the
media and if somebody dies
then the NRA will be held liable over
that you look at those clips and you get
that on the floor right and then on the
far left you have people suggesting they
want to confiscate guns
that's not where 90% of Americans are
they're just saying let's stop the
madness now let's make it harder maybe
but nobody's saying kick down doors and
confiscating guns but maybe make it
impossible for people like this to just
go into a store and purchase and they
are 50 with it you know what Casey the
NRA s business model is make it as easy
as possible for people to purchase
weapons take away all boundaries it
always has been
it's especially that way now because an
ar-15 makes gun makers the most money
and there's nothing that the NRA is
concerned about more than people who
make guns and people on Wall Street who
invest the finance there's who
investigates it's not about gun owners
it's all gun owners it's also not about
us it's about the bottom line and it's
also about their own fundraising and
quite frankly the the bar has been moved
farther and further to the right by
organizations like gun owners of America
that's not that are now you know
competing with the NRA on the other side
two things have stuck out to me here
first of all the courage on the part of
these teenagers and and high school kids
has just been absolutely striking and
like fantastic I'm thinking back to
whether when I was that age what I have
had the wherewithal to go out and do
what these kids are doing and this I
think is something that that has clearly
affected the president in United States
and is affecting all of us the second
thing is and and here I think is is the
question Marco Rubio when he stood on
that stage actually came out and said he
would support a number of things that I
think would be anathema for the NRA
an age limit for rifles potentially
changing the magazine size not arming
teachers he said all of these things
these are things the NRA is gonna fight
in that building behind us on Capitol
Hill and my question is whether what we
are going through now what these kids
are saying is that going to drive Rubio
to follow through on that or
this just going to be like every other
time when we see this when it all falls
apart and are those kids going to be
paying attention my guess is they are
going to be paying attention so I don't
know how you go through a night like
last night and don't find yourself
profoundly changed on this issue and
willing to bend whether it costs you or
not politically and you you didn't just
see courage and we're going to show you
after the break you saw of rage you saw
a rage on the part of the parents and
the part of these kids who go to school
wondering if they're gonna get blown gun
down kids across the country and kids
who have had it happen to them this is
rage at this point so coming up from the
White House to the Statehouse in
Tallahassee to schools across the
country you're going to hear from kids
who are the future on this issue on
every level
we'll be right back thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
