and we are so happy to have with a Sam's
I foo you saw speaking at today's White
House event he is a senior at Marjorie
Stoneham Douglass High School in
parkland Florida Sam I think I speak for
everybody watching you carried yourself
with such class and dignity I don't know
how you were able to pull it off are you
ready for this fight like it or not
millions of Americans aren't now have
their hopes and dreams riding on your
whole generation to push this through
what did you learn today about the
president and the process honestly yeah
we are gonna win this fight and didn't
really learn much today you know I kind
of expected I kind of expected what we
were given you know the president did
his thing played his game he had his
questions already ready he already had
it written that he hears us that was
it's kind of something I was I was kind
of starting to you know get on his side
a little bit I did a lot of speaking
about the AR and assault weapons and he
said nothing as soon as uh that meeting
started to end and I heard him say the
word background checks at mental health
that's when I had known that this was
not the patent that was gonna get us
where we need to be I have said in an
earlier interview you know right now we
are lucky to be starting at the top the
legislators but that doesn't work we're
gonna start at the bottom the judiciary
we're gonna work our way right back up
to the top and we're gonna fix this Sam
you mentioned this today you turned 18
the day after the shooting probably the
most passed over and ignored birthday of
your life you are now eligible to vote
the US military would be more than happy
to send you to Afghanistan if you
volunteered you are eligible to buy an
ar-15 but don't you dare try to buy a
beer for
more years what's wrong with this
picture I mean you know it you said it
yourself
goodbye an AR can't go buy a beer how
can you buy a killing machine and not
one alcoholic beverage and I'm not
advocating for alcohol here speak about
weapons and it's just madness it's just
madness I I look around and I see these
kids you know we are doing adult things
but we are kids still I still have to go
to high school it's amazing it's just
absolutely amazing you know we need
common sense we need common sense how
would you feel about your teachers
carrying a concealed weapon speaking of
comments says that's exactly where I was
about to go that is absurd to feel the
need to arm those innocent people with
the choice of not knowing if they're
gonna have to kill a kid that day
granted you would be protection but I
mean come on a shootout in our class
this is not the Wild West it's really
not I thought that's the way it seems
now oh not in a class or not do you
understand the argument on the other
side the Second Amendment what people
feel it guarantees and people who feel
that they should have a right to however
many firearms they want to legally
obtain I understand the Second Amendment
I respect the Second Amendment because
it's for defense defense not offense you
don't get you don't get the right to
carry weapons so you can go around
killing people whenever you want you get
it you get maybe a handgun pistol
maybe so that if someone is trying to
hurt
you or your family or your friends you
can stop them but not an eight are you
don't walk around at night with an AR to
feel safe you walk around at night with
an AR to kill people in this case the
day 2:25 p.m. February 14 2018 your
texts back and forth with your brother
who survived upstairs from you you said
today you didn't mean for them to become
a viral moment but that they have become
public they're sadder than my ability to
read them on the air so I won't tell us
thank you about your best friend who you
lost if you can get through that I can
talk about him forever he was that was
Joaquin Oliver he I've known him since
sixth grade
we didn't really get close close until a
few years ago but he the amount of
impact that he made in everyone's life
was unreal he's just the type of kid
that could make every single person
smile and you know he he was the coach
of our basketball team which is still in
season by the way we're gonna have a
game pretty soon he was the coach he was
the captain of our basketball team his
father the coach and you know a lot of
people said oh he's just the captain
because his dad's the coach he was the
captain because he selected every single
person on that team and he knew how to
lead us he knew how to lead us and my
hair hasn't always been like this you
know he he was practically in love with
Frank Ocean and when Frank dropped his
album blonde the rest is history
yeah exactly you got it now if you if
you walk around in parkland even you
know
places near there he is impossible to
look in a direction and not see a blonde
head I get it
final question how do you go back to
school and what were your plans for
graduating honestly I don't know how I
go back to school yet I
I know that I am gonna go back because
they can't and we're gonna show them
that the world is gonna be a better
place my plans for graduating after I
graduate I plan on taking my girlfriend
on a trip around the world and after
that I have not been accepted yet but I
hope to attend the University of Central
Florida on a hospitality major alright
well I hope to run India someday thank
you buddy for coming on the air where
you are grieving along with all of you
again you carry yourself with such
intelligence and class today at the
White House Sam's life has been our
guest tonight Sam thank you very much
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
