after your so covering this new
president in this new administration I
have found in general that it is always
a safer bet to report on what they're
doing rather than what they're saying on
this show we sort of have a staff mantra
about this a silent movie that's the
role treat them as a silent movie just
watch what they do know what they say
you know all good rules have their
exceptions but I think what we're seeing
right now in the wake of what happened
in parkland Florida is an example of why
that rule has some weight after the
massacre in parkland you may have seen
that this is part of what the president
said should be done in in response the
president said online we must now focus
on strengthening background checks
background checks from people who want
to buy guns that's what he has said
early times today did a good job
rounding up of what the president has
actually done on that subject since he's
been in office again saying versus doing
since President Trump took office his
administration has moved aggressively on
multiple fronts to weaken the background
check system for guns the Trump
administration has narrowed the legal
definitions that define someone as
ineligible to buy a gun narrowing those
definitions means more people are
eligible to buy guns one way to be
disqualified from buying a gun as if you
are a fugitive from justice right that
makes sense if you're wanted by the law
you shouldn't be able to buy a gun under
those circumstances but the FBI used to
consider people fugitives from justice
if there were outstanding warrants for
their arrest now thanks to the Trump
administration and its changes a
fugitive from justice will only be
disqualified from buying a gun if he or
she has also fled across state lines to
intentionally avoid prosecution if you
haven't done that and they don't
consider you a fugitive from justice
anymore for the purposes of the
background check Trump administration is
also just thrown out tens of thousands
of law enforcement records that used to
be included in the background check
system certain forms and aspects of
mental illness also used to disqualify
you from buying a gun in the background
check system the Trump administration
has narrowed those mental illness
definitions and somewhat famously in the
first substantive standalone legislation
that was passed by the new Republican
Congress inside
by new president Trump they overtly went
out of their way and standalone
legislation to change the law so people
who have been adjudicated seriously
mentally ill by the Social Security
Administration they're no longer
included in the background check system
at all and if that wasn't enough quote
in his recently released budget for the
coming fiscal year President Trump
proposed slashing millions of dollars
from the budget for the background check
system so that is what they are doing
but that's that's there those are their
actions which is very important to know
when you see that same president saying
what he really wants to do is strengthen
the background check system that
narrative from him and those actions by
him they don't tell two conflicting
stories they tell one story they tell
the story of what he's doing while he
wants to convince you otherwise now the
president also made headlines last night
when he said he would ask the Justice
Department to consider regulations
regarding bumped stocks one of these
aftermarket modifications you can strap
on to your semiautomatic rifle to make
it fire so fast it essentially functions
like a machine gun the president's
remarks on that subject made headlines
but you should know that in terms of
what he actually asked to happen he
requested the Justice Department to come
up with regulations around these well
the Justice Department has already
considered regulating those kinds of
devices Dianne Feinstein the author of
the clinton-era assault rifle ban which
is allowed to expire during the George W
Bush years today she released this
letter from five years ago reminding
everyone that Democrats have been asking
for years for DOJ to promulgate
regulations to stop these add ons and
accessories that make semi-automatic
rifles fire like their automatic the
Justice Department is already on record
explicitly saying that they are not
allowed legally to promulgate those
kinds of regulations it is not within
their power Congress has to do it so if
the president wants to ban bumped stocks
or trigger cranks or any of these other
accessories there is definitely a way to
do it it's clear almost assuredly the
only way to do it is to ask the Congress
which is controlled by his party to pass
a law that would ban those things but
despite the headlines from last night
that the president has directed action
against those accessories there's
no signs of any legislation requests
coming from the White House and there's
no sign that the republican-controlled
congress plans to do that so I mean it's
it's always a good rule but at times
like this maybe more than ever watch
what what they're doing and what not
what they're saying that said maybe none
of us really knows what's gonna happen
down the road here because maybe all
these kids protesting after the Parkland
massacre are gonna change everything
look at all these kids look at the
funerals of all of these kids look at
Florida lawmakers visiting the school in
parkland Florida where this Massacre
happened in these Florida kids bringing
themselves to the legislature today
where they were an unavoidable force
again the Miami Herald calling this
today the biggest demonstration of the
state capitol in Florida in decades and
also at the White House yes watch what
they do and not what they say but also
look at what is being said to this
president there was this awkward photo
today from The Associated Press showing
the notes that the president brought
with him to talk to these kids and their
families who have been through gun
massacres in recent years you can see
number five there is telling the
President to say I hear you but even
with notes to help him know what to say
and even with the best of intentions and
even with the softest heart I I think it
is hard to predict what happens to
people and how it changes people when
they have to face this kind of grief in
person when you're in the presence of
this kind of human emotional power and
so I just want to show you a little bit
of tape you're gonna see two different
people talk to the president today this
isn't footage of the president talking
this is two people talking to him first
one is a young man who is absolutely in
the raw aftermath of what he has just
been through
and he makes this incredible statement
this incredible plea from this very raw
place and he is literally sitting next
to and followed in his remarks by a
mother who walked through her own
version of this Hell five years ago with
her six-year-old son and in the five
years since she has been fighting and
learning and fighting and learning
and fighting and learning and so the
spectrum of what you see from him and
then what you see from her just watch
this watch him and then watch her watch
this my name is Sam Zeff I'm a student
from Marjorie Stoneman Douglas and
parkland and I just want to take a
second first to thank you for having me
mr. president mr. vice president Madam
Secretary um I was on the second floor
in that building texting my mom texted
my dad
texting three of my brothers that I was
never gonna see him again and then it
occurred to me that my 14 year old
brother was directly above me in that
classroom or Scott beagle was murdered
Scott beagle got my brother in the class
he was the last kid to get back into
that class that's why I'm here I lost
the best friend was practically a
brother and I'm here to use my voice
because I know he can and I know he's
whipped me cheer me on to be strong but
it's hard and to feel like this it
doesn't even feel like a week time has
Stood Still
to feel like this ever I can't I can't
feel comfortable in my country knowing
that people have will have ever gonna
feel like this I want to feel safe at
school you know senior year and junior
big years for me when I turn my
academics around started connecting with
teachers and I started actually enjoying
school and now I don't know how I'm ever
gonna step foot on that place again
I turned 18 the day after woke up to the
news that my best friend was gone and I
don't understand why I could still go in
a store and buy a weapon of war an AR I
was reading today that a person 20 years
old walked into a store and bought an
ar-15 in five minutes with an expired ID
how is it that easy to buy this type of
weapon it how do we not stop this after
Columbine after City I'm sitting with a
mother that lost her it's still
happening and Australia there was a
shooting at a school in 1999 you know
after that they took a lot of ideas they
put legislation together and they
stopped it can anyone here guess how
many shootings there have been in two
schools since then in Australia zero we
need to do something that's why we're
here so let's be strong for the fallens
who don't have a voice to speak anymore
and let's never let this happen again
please please
the vice-president Madam Secretary my
story is far too well-known I had two
sons who were at Sandy Hook school my
eldest who was eight at the time
survived and my six-year-old son Dylan
did not and I have been working
tirelessly on this issue for over five
years now the organization that I helped
lead Sandy Hook promise is very focused
on keeping kids safe at school because
no parent should go through this every
parent who sends their kid to school
should know without any question in
their mind that they're going to be
coming home that day this is not a
difficult issue you're absolutely right
there are solutions and this
administration has the ability to put
them in place and after Sandy Hook they
said this we wouldn't let this happen
again and yet it has continued to happen
for five years how many more deaths
can we take as a country how many more
teenagers and six and seven year olds
can we allow to die don't let that
happen anymore on your watch there are
things that you can do right now mental
health you mentioned earlier funding for
that would be very much appreciated the
stop school violence act enabling
prevention programs and reporting
systems in schools across America it's
already passed through the house it's in
the Senate right now
urge swift passage of that that can get
a lot of help to schools there's
legislation available to you right now
there are free training programs such as
our know the science programs available
across the states right now you could
mandate these sorts of programs this is
not difficult these deaths are
preventable and I implore you consider
your own children you don't want to be
me no parent does and you have the
ability to make a difference and say
lives today please don't waste this
thank you what was this afternoon at the
White House joining us now is Nicole
Hockley she's the managing director at
Sandy Hook promise she's the mother of
Dylan Hockley who was killed in the
Sandy Hook shooting five years ago this
Hockley was at the White House today for
that listening session with President
Trump Nicole thank you for being here
it's it's nice to see you I'm sorry
about these difficult circumstances
Thank You Rachel thank you what did you
think of this event today at the White
House
you were so articulate that young man
sitting next to a so articulate I can
hardly stand it what did you think of
this event it's heartbreaking to listen
to survivors and victims share their
story especially when they are so raw
but they are - articulating their needs
very clearly and that's why we need to
listen and I I have to say I was
incredibly encouraged by today's
listening session that the president
opened the doors to the White House to
victims from different tragedies and
said come and talk to me share your
stories share your experience and come
to me with your ideas of solutions that
is not something I had anticipated
so I am encouraged that if they are
truly listening and they are open to
hearing the variety of solutions that
are out there that maybe this is the
time that we will see some change
truly happen you are incredibly good at
talking about your own impossible story
and about talking about this issue and I
was struck today in the midst of so many
people's raw testimony and so much
emotion and so much feeling that you
were being really really concrete you
kept saying these enabling phrases you
kept saying there are things you can do
right now this is in your power this is
not difficult you can do this specific
thing you can do this and I wondered do
you feel like people are stuck thinking
that it's harder than it actually is
to make substantive changes that would
make a difference oh yeah absolutely I
think so many people across our country
think that this is a hopeless issue and
that they're helpless to do anything
about it I think that they just think
these shootings are part of life in
America and that other than calling
their senator our congressmen that
there's nothing they can do and it's
just not true
there's
many things that we can do in our
schools and communities and there are so
many things we can do at a state and
federal level we need to focus on those
real solutions and the these these these
common-sense solutions that aren't about
taking away guns are in aren't about
giving everyone more guns because right
now we have a problem where we have over
300 million guns in this in this country
they're not going away so let's deal
with that keep that on the table say how
are we going to ensure appropriate
access therefore how are we going to
recognize the signs of someone who's at
risk and ensure that they can't get
their hands on a weapon so that they
hurt themselves that those are real
solutions no one is Pro gun violence
no one is pro school violence so let's
focus on what do we need to do to keep
our kids safe if we can't do anything
about taking away guns on that point
about access people having access to the
hundreds of millions of guns that
already exists in our country I think
that's a I mean a you're spot on
obviously in terms of the way that
you're describing the reality and then
when we get to talking about how people
have access to weapons that's when we
get very quickly into things like the
national background check system I just
a moment ago highlighted the the
contrast between the president saying he
wants to strengthen the background check
system and some of the things that have
happened just in the past year at the
federal level to weaken it to thin it
out to put more holes in it
do you feel like it's possible eat even
with all of the heat around the gun
issue in general do you think it's
possible that there is a common-sense
increasing background checks solution
that could avoid some of the super
contrary second amendment politics that
tend to stymie these things specifically
on those background checks yeah I think
that there's a lot I mean the Presidents
Day was talking about comprehensive
background checks that goes a little bit
further than what I believe is currently
on the table which is the fixed NICs
legislation that goes part of the way
that really doesn't solve the issue as
it stands at the moment I do think this
moment is different than it has been for
a couple years lawmakers are the GOP in
particular are feeling pressure from
their constituents in a different way
and their younger constituents so this
is this is a moment for change we can
look to back
checks comprehensive background checks
we can look to extreme protect risk
protection orders we can look to other
forms of gun safety regulation and
reform to ensure appropriate access and
we can look at what we can do to help
people before they ever get to that
point that they that they want to hurt
themselves or someone else nicole
Hockley managing director at Sandy Hook
promise which is an incredibly
constructive organization about about
everything it's practical and
constructive as well as being pretty
inspiring and kohake the mother of Dylan
Hockley who was killed the Sandy Hook
shooting five years ago really
appreciate your time tonight thank you
for your advocacy Thank You Rachael Hart
we'll be right back - stay with us
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
