good evening from New York I'm Chris
Hayes it's been one week since a gunman
used a legally purchased ar-15 rifle to
murder 17 people at Marjory Stoneman
Douglas High School in parkland Florida
and in the usual cycle of gun massacres
in America we would not be talking about
it anymore after all week has passed the
nation's attention would have moved on
but this was what cable news look like
today a week since the shooting covering
the new movement launched by the
survivors high school students who
through organizing and sheer moral
witness are refusing to let thoughts and
prayers be the end of the story
these kids do not accept the tired and
worn out excuses for failing to address
the exceptionally high levels of gun
violence in this country today the
students of Stoneman Douglas stormed the
Florida State Capitol the second arrow
sticking out lawmakers offices rallying
supporters to their cause one week since
having to flee their school under a hail
of gunfire students were counted what
happened to them on that horrific day I
was scared and I ran to the safest place
possible which is the sound booth again
and I start to pace back and forward
because I did not know what was going on
and the people in the audience saw me
they saw me and they panicked because I
was matching the same description as
Nicholas Cruz then the SWAT comes in and
I thought they were here to rescue me
but then it's like go down the stairs I
find out that I was wrong I found out
that they thought it was me that killed
the 17 people I had 6 SWAT members
pointing their guns at me I knew any
move I made will be the end of my life
we students was keep fighting for our
right to live if I had to drop
everything else in my life just to make
these changes happens I will because to
me to let these victims lives be taken
without any change in return is an act
of treason to our great country students
also issued a warning to the gun lobby
and lawmakers who do its bidding Senator
Chris Murphy put in a tweet the other
day they're coming this is to every
lawmaker out there no longer can you
take money from the NRA no longer can
you fly under the radar doing whatever
it is that you
want to do because we are coming after
you we are coming after every single one
of you and demanding that you take
action demanding that you make a change
they can walk around any question they
want but the more they don't act the
more they don't deserve to be in office
no more no more placing nonsensical
politics above our lives
no more accepting donations from the NRA
who seem to care more about their right
to own a gun than the lives of American
children to everyone at the NRA and
everyone affiliated with the NRA we are
not afraid of you we will not be
silenced by anything that you have to
say we are here our voices are loud and
we're not stopping until change happens
the students of parkland Florida are not
alone high school kids staged walkouts
all over the state some marching to
Stoneman Douglas to show their support
in person students marched on the White
House today to call for new gun control
measures holding signs and calling out
chants that a courier reporters could be
heard from inside the West Wing all over
the country teenagers kids students held
walk outs they organized themselves to
demand that their leaders take their
safety seriously it is a practice run of
sorts for nationwide March scheduled for
March 24 everyone who follows politics
understands what these kids are up
against they saw it for themselves at
the Florida State House yesterday where
lawmakers overwhelmingly rejected a
motion to consider an assault weapons
ban opting instead to declare
pornography a health risk but as these
students force us to hear their voices
we are watching them in real-time
changed the politics of this debate 66
percent of Americans now support
stricter gun laws laws the highest level
ever in the Quinnipiac poll elected
officials back pay NRA are playing
defense the Senate's number two
Republican General John Cornyn is now
promoting a bipartisan background check
bill staff for Florida Governor Rick
Scott initially told students he was too
busy to meet with them he did attend a
funeral today for one of the students
killed but Scott changed his mind after
the students put up a fight
the President of the United States who
got more financial support from the NRA
than any other candidate in history held
a listening session this afternoon with
Stoneman Douglas survivors grieving
parents from other school shootings and
massacres and other Americans who've
lost loved ones to gun violence woke up
to the news that my best friend was gone
and I don't understand why I could still
go in a store and buy a weapon of war
how is it that easy to buy this type of
weapon how do we not stop this after
Columbine after Sandy I'm sitting with a
mother that lost it these deaths are
preventable and I implore you consider
your own children you don't want to be
me
no parent does and you have the ability
to make a difference in save lives
today should have been one school
shooting and we should have fixed it and
I'm pissed because my daughter I'm not
gonna see again she's not here my
beautiful daughter I'm never gonna see
you again
and it's simple it's not we can fit
making real change policy laws in this
country is obviously going to be an
uphill battle with a clear sign that
these kids are moving the needle is that
now just a week since they watch
classmates and teachers be murdered
before their very eyes these children
these children are the targets of a
concerted smear campaign to discredit
their message hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
