welcome back tonight I'm obsessed with
what may be the single most shocking and
outrageous political ad I've ever seen
that's saying a lot it comes from this
man it's Republican congressman Duncan
Hunter of California there's a piece of
the app a markup on a jar is working to
infiltrate Congress he has three
different names to hide his family's
ties to terrorism
his grandfather masterminded the Munich
Olympic massacre his father said they
deserve to die all right so let's leave
aside for the moment that Duncan enters
an indicted member of Congress so maybe
understand why he's got to go ultra- and
let's set aside for the moment the fact
that companies yars grandfather died 16
years before company gr was actually
born that company jar is a Christian by
the way and he was raised in San Diego
largely by his mother and that he
received a security clearance to work in
the Obama White House and the Labor
Department he's been through a
background check and let's leave aside
that Hunter who along with his wife has
been indicted for allegedly using
campaign funds for personal expenses
he's implying his opponent is a
terrorist who is trying and he used the
words infiltrate Congress it's like a
bad episode of homeland let's just
listen to the outrage this over-the-top
attack ad has generated among elected
officials that's right crickets crickets
because Republicans I want to get drawn
into this mess crickets because
Democrats don't think companies you're
can win so why bother
crickets even though this political hit
job is in a class less by itself
we were going down this road and do you
know what all those crickets tell the
duncan hunters of the world and the
operatives who produce ads like this
they tell them keep doing what you're
doing because ads like this work don't
worry
the political class won't care what does
that tell us about the state of our
politics today hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me a
favor subscribe by clicking on that
button down there click on any of the
videos to watch the latest interviews
and highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC
you get more beat the press content
every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
