a new message on the impact of Trump's
presidency from a political expert
comedian Chris Rock and his new special
talks about bullies and he makes the
argument that while bullying is bad if
as a culture nobody knows how to take on
a bully then bullies can win we need
that's how Trump became president that's
exactly what happened we got red bullies
a real bully showed up and nobody knew
how to handle
the cast of The Apprentice is running
the world
drunk the daughter
Omarosa they run the world man oh that
did raising four democrats depressed
about trump rock also as a theory he's
building on something that new york
times observed right when Obama was
first inaugurated that his popular his
popularity came partly from quote early
opposition in Iraq war and public
disenchantment with the Bush era go
ahead the crazy thing it might just work
out Trump might work out yeah said it
might work I think about it this way
Bush was so bad he gave us Obama you
forget that don't you Bush was so bad
that people said hey maybe this black
guy has the answers
I think people overlook George Bush's
contributions to black history
Oh Bush is a black revolutionary
Malcolm X Rosa Parks :
they need to honor him at the essence
festival
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
