I just wanted extraordinary you know
event at the White House so you know
everybody might have their own cynical
view for but this is what you want any
president to do he heard from both sides
of an argument he heard him passionate
at their knee and he took it I think
it's a catharsis probably for many of
these people he is demonstrating that
the president is listening and that is
called a listening a session that is
what he was there to do so for many of
them I'm sure it was a profound moment
hopefully did some good I don't know
what policy prescriptions have really
come out of this I don't know frankly
that many of them were expecting that it
was quite unexpected I thought that he
went around the room and asked for
people's ideas it's not something that
as we were sat here listening to this
and watching it we really expected to
hear so it is a symbolic moment but you
know a significant one as well it could
raise the stakes for action you know you
don't hold an event like this you don't
know I had a feeling he turned the TV
camera we always knew he was doing this
the question was was he gonna do it live
like this yeah so raises the stakes for
him to do some action but I don't think
raises the stakes but I don't think it
means people deliver on anything I mean
he's done he had the meeting about
dreamers and about daca when you saw
similar action where he said oh that
sounds like a good solution we should
take him and do it and and didn't do it
it is a uniquely American meaning that
meeting could only happen in the United
States of America like tragically so and
I think that there were two students
samuels I am not sure from famous last
name right but he was so compelling
because you said that I'm gonna let's
play a rather you that describing it I
think we should hear from him because
absolutely this was a moment Samuels ID
from Parkland a student here let me play
what you're referring to so people know
what you're talking about I lost the
best friend was practically a brother
and I'm here to use my voice because I
know he can and I know he's whipped me
cheer me on
to be strong but it's hard and to feel
like this it doesn't even feel like a
week time has Stood Still
to feel like this ever I can't I can't
feel comfortable in my country how do we
not stop this after Columbine after City
I'm sitting with a mother that lost it
it's still happening let's be strong
through the fallens we don't have a
voice to speak anymore and let's never
let this happen again please please
like I said yeah hard to describe it you
have to see it yeah and there was a
student before him who said that noted
he was 17 years old and he was born
after Columbine and he didn't say it but
also after 9/11 he said I don't know
peace and safety and I feel like this
generation and you saw that picture that
young woman in Tallahassee who was so
devastated in Florida they didn't pass
the assault weapons ban yesterday and I
feel like the kids have felt like gone
from feeling that they're not safe to
their sacrifices and this is a good
meeting but it would have been great if
the President had started by saying
there's nothing more precious than your
lives there's no more resource in our
country that's more important and we're
not just going to you know try to arm
teachers but we're going to do
everything that we can to make sure
you're safe he can't say that because
the politics dictate other terms for
help and that's that for me is what is
potentially so transformative about this
moment I remember tweeting out the day
after this event took place and my hope
was and it's been affirmed by that young
man we just witnessed as so many others
that this generation these teenagers
these 16 17 18 year olds take control of
this and they're the ones who are gonna
push up against the adults who are too
weak too afraid to do anything and so
this is the tension you're gonna see
play out over the next few weeks months
and I was suspect year I don't think
this goes away as easily as some
predict the simek's and others are maybe
even hoping that image of that young man
in in the white house repeated over and
over again will galvanize young students
around the country to say this is our
time to do something let me play a
little bit more we know if some people
may have come in and out of this meeting
today and again they had featured people
from different sides of the solution
debate on this issue
take a listen I was there during the
shooting and I'm a survivor and I want
you guys all to emphasize the point that
I survived I was lucky enough to come
home from school unlike some of my other
classmates and teachers and it's it's
very scary and knowing that a lot of
people did not have this opportunity to
to be to be here still is mind-blowing
it doesn't even seem real still
everything seems fake I don't really I
can't even I don't even know what's
going on it's just crazy
everything happening it's just so tragic
I feel so bad for all of you who have
lost so many and I'm just begging for
change we need to change there needs to
be significant change in this country
because this has to never happen again
people are dying and we have to stop
this we have to stop it if he's not old
enough to buy a drink to go and buy a
beer he should not be able to buy a gun
at 18 years old should have been one
school shooting and we should have fixed
it and I'm pissed because my daughter
I'm not gonna see again she's not here
she's not here she's in North Lauderdale
like whatever it is King David Cemetery
that's why I got to see my kid now
motions
pretty high yeah pretty important
probably for the president to hear that
Oh most definitely and for the American
people to hear that as well and for
these people be able to say it I mean
were these young people who suddenly had
to grow up a lot faster than they ever
would have expected even though they've
never known an environment in which
school shootings are rare if not unheard
of leaders will emerge from this now
that that is this will galvanize them
they will go forward many of them
actually I think it's interesting have
the benefit of they've never been
politically engaged so they don't
necessarily know and they say just make
it stop well that is they're just down
to the very basics of it and they're
beginning the conversation from that
point and that's unique I think from
that from that point that you just made
chain is it's important to know what
happens
yesterday in Florida when those students
showed up and the legislature said we're
not even gonna hear the bill right we're
not gonna we're not even gonna deal with
that and their response to that was okay
then this fall we gotta fire you we got
to let you go and so does that translate
into some type of political action that
goes beyond the rhetoric we'll see but
it goes back to my point about how I
think the way adults respond to this the
people who are the the movers and
shakers of gun policy etc how they
respond to this will animate where this
goes next let me play a little bit from
the president before we we're gonna
bring in somebody from Tallahassee here
in a minute but let me play a little bit
the president sort of pledged that he
made very strong emphasis on the mental
health of somebody and we are going to
keep plenty of other things that's not
going to be talked like it has been in
the past it's been going on too long too
many instances so that was sort of an
earlier summation as we heard at the end
Jen he did throw in one thing that I was
mildly surprised to hear which was we
may look at the age issue which gets to
the idea of the NRA headquarters wolf
that I have talked to others who say the
NRA will they're going to give the
president the a lot of room the some
room here but the age restriction might
not be one can't imagine that that would
be that would be one of them but I think
that we are I mean the the reason why we
haven't had action meaningful action on
guns for so long as the Michael said is
the politics and that the and I actually
started a gun control group after
Columbine it was suppose to be
middle-of-the-road and it didn't work
out because anybody cares about guns did
it doesn't feel moderate about it
there's no moderate guns that's right
people talk one way or the other
absolutely well-meaning but a flawed
concept and but now the passion the
passion has never been a voting issue
for the four on the right and it's never
been one for others and I think that
that is that's what's changing now and I
think it probably won't respond it
probably won't result in congressional
action meet really meaningful
congressional action this time but I
think that that's going to change the
2018 and beyond so I'm ultimately
hopeful about it hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click Subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
