J fan of Jackson bellies currently
running for Florida Attorney General he
voted against a motion yesterday to take
up a bill that would ban assault weapons
but today there's a piece of compromised
legislation and representative fan first
welcome to the show sir thank you glad
to be on the show with you let me ask
you about this compromise out there
which sounds sounds like it is an
attempt to try to merge sort of two
different ideas here raising the age
limits on who can buy an ar-15 for
instance and more armed folks that are
armed in schools where are you on this
well as I answer that question I want to
share with you where I am standing right
now is where hundreds and hundreds of
the Parkland students and their families
were here today emotionally expressing
themselves to us and to the world we
couldn't be more proud of their efforts
and it's been a very heavy day and
couldn't be more proud as a Floridian
for these kids now now to your question
we'll see what kind of package comes out
but I will share with you that I would
not support a gun ban is part of the
package simply because gun bans don't
work and preventing these types of
crimes what the package will likely
include or some things we've been
working on even before this tragedy one
is House bill 621 school safety where we
create programs to train in a highly
specialized way administrators or
appointed people in the schools to
defend the students from lethal attack
and that's what it's about how do we
protect the students from harm you'd
have said you ruled out any gun ban at
all what does that mean to you what what
firearms shouldn't somebody be able to
own what civilian what firearm shouldn't
a civilian be able to reason gun bans
aren't helpful in this discussion is
because it is incumbent upon us to find
ways to protect these kids and gun bans
don't keep criminals from getting guns
it prevents law-abiding citizens right
I'm getting guns but not the criminals
these things still happen so we need to
go defend the schools do things that
will work let me go to something about
background checks here and essentially
creating a little more time particularly
when it comes to the men
health issue so let me ask first about
the specific incident in parkland what
information that the school got the
school system had a lot of information
on this young man and his mental
unfitness but none of that information
is even mandated to be in the background
check system to purchase a gun how do
you change that well let's first address
what should be it the biggest problem is
what did the FBI do when they drop the
ball and all the tips that led then to
indicate that this man was a lethal
threat to the community
so when we look for answers about how
government can solve problems right how
does government solve problems when our
existing programs won't do the very
things that could have protected these
kids let me go back though the
background check system what information
to be put into there there's no doubt
should let me ask you this if somebody
calls into the FBI
and has a tip like this should that tip
which by the way no crime has been
committed yet you can't pre arrest
somebody necessarily but should the fact
that that complaint got vowed to the FBI
should that be something that should be
in the FBI in the background check
system in the nick database to prevent
that person from buying a gun I think
any suspicions or tips at the FBI
receive have to be received in totality
and understood in totality it seems the
FBI had just cause to take action
against this man and they did not I want
to go back though what information that
a school system gets on a student and in
this case they expelled him should that
information should it be mandated that
that information be put in the database
so that when he stepped in to go buy a
gun that popped up in the database as a
yellow flag or a red flag for either
more scrutiny more interview extended
delay before allowing the purchase to go
through I think your point is debatable
it's I have to admit a fairly narrow
point I'm not sure it's one that is a
sea-change we're looking for real sea
change here in Florida we can't have
things like what happened in parkland
happened again we have a sheriff right
here in Florida
sheriff Grady Judd who's created a
Sentinel program in Polk County which
models how to train administrators
volunteers people who are willing to go
through vigorous training right for the
sole purpose of preventing lethal
attacks happening in schools this is how
you protect people and this let me ask
you this you you and I probably none of
us have maybe the perfect solution but
what's wrong with an all-of-the-above
approach all of the above including a
gun ban meaning no I'm bleeding extend
the background check period include more
things in the Nick database make it a
seven day waiting period raise an age
limit throw in the armed put in armed
teachers both of these ideas what's
wrong with sort of an all-of-the-above
approach in order to see which one of
these ideas work rather than declaring
one idea dead on arrival because hey
I've got my idea that I know that my
side likes better let's be very clear
about ideas this is the place where
ideas get exchanged we are not new to
the debate on gun bans or various
features of of how we put school safety
in the forefront of the public mind now
that's what the legislative process is
for when the kids came here today they
have multiple ideas write some good some
interesting some new and then we receive
those ideas that is the deliberative
process we do in the legislature what we
have to do is make sure that that
Jonathan Cruz after he took those lives
in parkland doesn't also take our
constitutional rights along with it out
of an overreaction to the situation that
won't accomplish what we want which is
defending Florida's kids I mean I'm a
final question as this though we have
expanded access to guns over the last 20
years and one could argue that over that
last 20 year period we've had more of
these mass shootings why not try an
approach that attempted to limit how
quickly guns got on the streets well
there's certainly evidence of when in
this country there has been a
restriction of gun rights and we've had
mass shootings during those periods as
well remember ultimately when you
ban guns only law-abiding citizens
refrain from purchasing those weapons
the bad guys have tain those weapons in
illegal ways and these shootings still
occur we've got this case always illegal
he bought it legally a mentally ill
person bought this legally that to me
seems to me that's why I keep asking
about the school system I don't see this
as narrow I see this is a mentally
disturbed on't put mentally disturbed
information that we get into this NIC
database it just doesn't happen shit
Chuck if Nicholas Cruz didn't buy it
legally he also could have bought it
illegally that's what criminals do the
president has made some very good points
about making sure that our systems that
we have now are robust and that they
actually work the FBI needs to actually
work the background checks need to
actually work we need to pass HB 621 in
the Florida House and defend our
students we need to have Sentinel
programs like Polk County spread
throughout the entire state and this
country we cannot let our children be at
risk Chuck all right representative fan
I think everybody shares that goal of
safety for the students there no doubt
this is obviously a very heated debate
sometimes appreciate you coming on and
sharing your views sir my pleasure hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
