just joining us now a senior at Stoneman
Douglas high school joining us now from
outside at that rally on David we've
been talking about the fact that you and
your compatriots there have been smeared
online by those saying that you were not
survivors you and particularly singled
out and you are resilient despite the
negative attacks on you at the only time
you're ever doing anything that actually
matters is when people try stopping you
and that's what's going on here these
people are trying to stop us and they're
actually helping us out a lot because my
Twitter following is tripled over the
past like day and essentially and I
think that's a part of these rules the
fact that people are trying to stop us I
I can understand some of their opinions
because there are some middle ground
people but a majority of them are just
hard right people that don't want to
actually have a discussion about guns or
anything in this country or saving lives
and that's what I think is sick and
disgusting the fact that people don't
believe in this country anymore
is absolutely horrendous and it needs to
stop if we ever want change well he were
just listening to Lorenzo Prado inside
we were just carrying his extraordinary
comments and David he was talking about
the fact that the lawmakers have just
ignored the demands of people and it
isn't just they won't be able to ignore
us when they don't care yeah yeah they
won't be able to read there won't be
able to ignore us when they don't get
reelected because I guarantee you every
single person that voted no I'm just
hearing that discussion yesterday is not
going to have their jobs in the coming
years now you're aware so change is
coming regardless and are you aware that
when they were voting
the legislation that you've been seeking
they were voting that pornography is
dangerous to your health as a teenager
hey you know what I think is slightly
more dangerous to your health than porn
guns yeah duh how can how can we agree
that porn is dangerous for health but
not guns what does that say about the
state of our country it's disgusting and
deplorable and it needs to stop we need
to start having discussions I don't care
if you're currently elected and that
you're supported by the NRA if you
actually start speaking up for these
children's lives I'll expect you a lot
more for that but these people aren't
and that's why this door got voted on
yesterday it's a small step in a much
bigger movement first thing it doesn't
matter we're gonna change the world and
nobody's gonna stop us how much has your
ability online to reach out and
crowdsource and and create this movement
helped you as you create a national
movement now this is tremendously we
would not every single person here has
probably seen us on Twitter good 99% of
them and without Twitter without
Instagram without Facebook these people
would not be here today and near there's
large numbers and as such people also
want to try stopping this because they
see us as a threat and honestly that's
kind of entertaining to me and I love it
because it means what we're doing is
working we're changing the world and
people are trying to stop us but they
won't be able to David what about the
pain and the grief that all of you are
also experiencing how do you incorporate
that into your messaging and into your
activism honestly by really bringing in
- by really bringing in to view the
what really matters here lives honestly
and every like in every single to read
that I send out it may not seem like I'm
trying to be like specifically breach
every day I try bringing it back to what
the main cause is I point out multiple
issues on this platform for example
campaign financing different issues
along that room and different
politicians and for that where it's
somewhat polarizing we are I won't die
in some apply resident but what I want
people to understand is that it's just
that is how I'm doing that this belief
is pointing out these individuals that I
feel responsible with it done seventeen
people with others and thousands of
people across America because their
refusal to take action and that's right
that's why there are so many people here
today this is really the third Great
Awakening just seen this is not okay
this seem that these are this could be
my friend this could be your friend this
could be my father or your mother and it
needs to stop because if it doesn't it
will be David Hahn I think another
important thing for people please go
ahead oh yeah another just one last
point one important thing for people one
important thing for people to remember
is that I'm not anti-gun
I am anti-gun in the sense that you
shouldn't be able to own a gun if you're
mentally unstable and you can't pass a
background check
I would I don't want people that have a
history of domestic violence able to get
guns because that's one of the major
correlations that we have here I don't
want people with the criminal background
being able to get guns and I don't want
mentally unstable people especially to
be able to get guns I want everything
express the right to own a gun I just
don't want the people to have the guns
that shouldn't have them and not that's
the small percentage that are in saying
I don't want to infringe upon people's
rights just tonight people don't want to
infringe upon my freedom of speech but
present danger David hi thank you so
much I know we're gonna be hearing from
you and that's on the side
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
