the FBI has just three more days to
complete its reopened background check
in to Supreme Court nominee Brett
Kavanaugh so far just one of Cavanaugh's
accusers has been interviewed by the FBI
Deborah Ramirez the other two Christine
Blasi Ford and Julie sweat Nick have not
as far as NBC knows spoken to the FBI
well we're aware the allegations brought
by Ford against Kavanaugh having heard
her Senate testimony last week sweat
Nick's allegations as you just heard us
discuss are not nearly as clear sweat
mcc's sat down with Kate snow and laid
out what she alleges happened at party
she said she attended with Kavanaugh and
Mark judge I was physically assaulted in
every way you could possibly physically
assault a woman it was horrible
I had no way to fend them off you know
what I'm gonna ask everyone is wondering
if one of those people was Brett
Kavanaugh I cannot specifically say that
he was one of the ones who assaulted me
but before this happened to me at that
party I saw Brett Kavanaugh there I saw
mark judge there and they were hanging
about the area where I started to feel
disoriented and where the room was and
where the other boys were hanging out
and laughing I saw him push girls
against walls he would pretend to
stumble and stumble into them and knock
him into a wall he'd pushed his body
against theirs he would grope them
did you see Brett Kavanaugh you know
spiking the punch put in guys I saw I
saw him given Red Solo cups to quite a
few girls during that time frame and
there was grain punch at those parties
and I would not take one of those
glasses from Mark Cavanaugh Brett
Kavanaugh excuse me I saw him around the
punch I won't say bowls or the punch
containers I don't know what he did but
I saw him buy them yes all right sweat
mnek provided NBC News with the names of
four friends who she said went to the
parties with her one is deceased two
others did not respond to requests for
comment a fourth told NBC News he didn't
remember sweat Nick we should also
remind everyone
judge Cavanaugh has denied all
allegations against him joining me now
is my friend Ari Miller he's the host of
the beat and he's our chief legal
correspondent Ari this interview first
aired on the beat what's your impression
of it
my impression is that the interview did
not necessarily help miss sweatin a
corroborate the consistency of her
claims because as kate pointed out in
her reporting and as NBC News has been
careful to know throughout its efforts
to verify the story she if anything
changed a few details and number two and
I this is important because it goes back
to the original declaration submitted by
Michael avenatti she is not alleging
that Brett Kavanaugh attacked her or
committed a crime against her and so
that makes her although she has been
sort of lumped in by some as one of the
so-called quote accusers that makes her
fundamentally different by her own
claims than dr. Ford all right you heard
Cynthia's knee a few minutes ago saying
she she found Christine Blasi for
credible exists in thea has prosecuted
sex crimes
she said not only did she not find Julie
sweat incredible but she said it
actually hurts the efforts to get to the
bottom of what happened to Christine
Blasi Ford it just helped me analyze
that a little bit well I think that was
an interesting segment I think that
breaks into two pieces the first is the
testimonial credibility which is
something that is always at issue here
normal people say you know I believe
that person or I don't write lawyers
talk about impeaching witnesses and
whether someone is a character witness
or a credible fact witness and that's
one person's view about that I think the
larger question is is probably
unknowable everyone has been rushing
about this process to say what helps her
hurts in a given case the truth is we
didn't know when dr. Ford's anonymous
letter for surface whether it would lead
to anything or when she would testify
how credible she would be when she did
testify Thursday we didn't know that by
Friday there would be an investigation
for a week that would lead to reaching
out to other people so far be it for me
as a reporter like yourself watching all
this right to say whether it hurts or
helps the wider club it's not going to
be addressed by a court or a judge or a
jury right we're not gonna have ultimate
fact-finding I will say at a more broad
level what we are seeing in public that
is now so controversial is the messy
process of the Senate's role and advise
it could set right
is not like a court where there are
ordained due process rules right it is a
legislative body that sometimes picks
and chooses aspects of court procedure
and so this is a one-week investigation
I think it's fair to say as a lawyer to
journalists that more time often helps
you get to the story but the Senate also
is gonna set its own rules about timing
and so what we're learning is that the
Senate wants to push the FBI in the
White House to bring in at least a
little more information doesn't appear
thus far as you mentioned in your setup
that that includes miss sweat Nick so
this is more for the public debate of
the public record than the Senate but
that too could change depending on what
they find and what leads they get do you
think that the president or the Senate
is trying to convince people that what
they were witnessing last week is a
legal proceeding and hence has to meet
the bar that you would have either in a
civil case which is lower than that
you'd have in a criminal case but that
the prosecutor Rachel Mitchell who did
the questioning said you couldn't you
couldn't prosecute this case that wasn't
what the Senate was supposed to be doing
exactly I think that's a great question
and the premise of your question points
out something we should all keep in mind
wherever one is on this story which is
anytime you hear people talk about the
presumption of innocence in court which
relates to whether or not you go to jail
whether you lose your Liberty right
there is no presumption of innocent
innocence and job interviews or in the
Senate's advise and consent powers and
other people have been knocked out of
other posts under the Senate's advise
that could send for a range of reasons
for less than this allegation which
isn't to say that resolves it so no it's
not court yes it's a job interview and
it's ultimately up to the Senate to
figure out what it wants to say is
disqualifying re always good to have you
and your knowledge with us thank you
very memory is the host of the beat you
can watch it today at 6 p.m. Eastern hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
