amazon is raising the minimum wage for
all of its workers across the United
States including part-time temporary
seasonal employees it's $15 an hour and
it goes into effect November 1st it's
going to benefit 250,000 employees and
an additional 100,000 seasonal workers
this holiday season you know amazon has
long been criticized we've done it right
here for very low wages in warehouses
and other facilities were some employees
who are working for Amazon are relying
on food stamps and other government
programs to make ends meet CEO and
founder Jeff Bezos who is the wealthiest
man in modern history did say this was a
response to critics and he hopes this
will this change will push competitors
to raise the minimum wage for more
employees now other companies we saw
this happen already with Walmart but it
was really one big critic he was Bernie
Sanders out there for Walmart although
you know it's kind of it's convenient
when the market dictates that you have
to raise your wages to then be able to
us ways your critics and and say you
know give them the credit for it there
may be more to this as we saw with
Walmart we saw with Target they were
actually just having difficulty with the
numbers of people that they had to hire
let's bring in Jared Bernstein to figure
this out a little but Jared's a senior
fellow at the Center on Budget and
Policy Priorities he's a progressive
liberal economist who probably likes the
idea of the $15 minimum wage the
question is is it critics or is it a
market why'd they do it I think it's
both and by the way thanks for giving me
the opportunity to talk about some good
news Fallon okay please about it - it is
really good news and it's not only that
they're raising the wages of for 350,000
Walmart workers Amazon I'm sorry Amazon
had exactly
yeah but Amazon has announced that
they're going to push for a higher
federal minimum wage of $15 an hour so
they're gonna put their significant
political weight behind that - and
remember the federal minimum wage has
been stuck at $7.25 an hour since 2009
now lots of states about 30 states have
raised their own but especially southern
states which by the way getting to Ali's
question is where this is going to make
a big difference I mean if you look at
wash
in state it's not that big a deal
because Amazon workers there are already
paid close to this wage but if you look
at Texas Kentucky Indiana Florida it is
a big deal it's not just the market it's
also the policy Jared one of the issues
though is what and who incentivizes
corporate America a CEO today the
stakeholders they have to answer to are
their shareholders and their customers
it is not their employees so when you
look at how the stock but you know we're
celebrating saying this is good news
it's good news for Amazon it's good news
for their employees it's good news for
the economy because think about this
350,000 people now have more money to
spend but the stock goes down because
shareholders see no reason to pay people
more than the absolute minimum so it was
one of the issues that we face at a bit
of a twisted incentive schedule for CEOs
today you know I think you actually just
described the way wage setting works in
this labor market pretty well and you're
right it's twisted it's complicated and
it has a ton to do with bargaining power
and bargaining clout you know Ali was
very correctly going on about kind of
the supply and the demand and if labor
markets are really tight it should be
pushing up wage then we certainly see
some of that but we just don't see
enough of it which is why a wage policy
like this is so important because the
market by itself simply isn't paying
low-wage workers what they need to get
ahead now that's why we have a federal
minimum wage but of course Congress has
ignored that for you know about a decade
now so I think that given the week
bargaining cloud of workers you really
need political movements like the one
that has ultimately pressured Jeff Bezos
into making this change okay thanks
Bernie Sanders on Twitter right I'm a
little I'm a little puzzled about that
cuz Bernie Sanders you know he's a
senator from Vermont is Bernie Sanders
just shorthand for a progressive
movement that has led certain states
certain cities to increase their minimum
wages because the market demands it I
think that's right I mean I think Bernie
Sanders along with lots of other
Democrats congressman ro Connor was also
behind this this push Bernie but these
Democrats have been long trying to
amplify the message I just was was
talking about the idea that left to its
own devices the market will simply not
return wages to low and middle wage
workers commensurate with their
productivity commensurate with their
contribution to the economy
except of course Jeff Bezos had pressure
but he wasn't forced to do it you know
ally and I we have satire and I've
criticized the tax cut saying unless you
are putting some sort of lever here to
force companies to increase wages they
won't do it I was wrong Jeff Bezos did
it right here yeah well you also made a
point earlier that I think is is worth
underscoring which is that this is
actually good for Amazon okay
Amazon workers just like any other
consumer if their pay is higher they're
probably going to buy more stuff Amazon
some of this is going to come back to
Beezus himself think of this as Henry
Ford many decades ago deciding well if I
want my workers to be able to afford
cars I'm gonna have to pay them more so
this is a bit of the service sector
analogy to that now $15 an hour in some
places it's still not a living wage for
a family but it definitely helps so I do
think that there is a positive here for
the economy for the consumer and yes
Jesus made this decision himself but
it's also good PR for for the company
we're talking about it aren't we hey
MSNBC fans thanks for checking out our
youtube channel subscribe by clicking on
that button down there and click on any
of the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
