let me explain specifically where things
stand the White House has given the FBI
the official greenlight to expand its
background investigation into judge
Cavanaugh but they are running out of
time to get it done the president says
he wants it done in a week and
Republican leader Mitch McConnell says
he wants a vote on the judge by Friday
NBC News had learned that the feds were
initially told to stick to just four
people mark judge PJ Smith Leland Kaiser
and Deborah Ramirez Judge Smith and
Kaiser were all allegedly at the party
where dr. Ford says she was assaulted
Ramirez alleged a separate incident of
misconduct we should mention that
Cavanaugh has denied all of these
allegations and we have learned that
judge Smith Kaiser and Ramirez have all
been interviewed by the FBI at least
once judge's attorney says his clients
interview has not been completed on
Monday the president said the FBI should
talk to whomever they want what I said
is let the Senate decide whatever they
want to do is okay with me
and also the FBI I think the FBI should
do what they have to do to get to the
answer I don't know all three of the
accusers all three certainly I imagine
they're going to interview two the third
one I don't know much about but it
wouldn't bother me at all now that third
accuser is Julie sweat Nick she has
alleged the Cavanagh attended parties
where gang rapes took place something
the judge has vehemently denied while
the president questioned sweat Nick's
credibility Republican senator Susan
Collins said on Monday her allegations
should be investigated and it might not
end there Senate Democrats have drawn up
a list of more than two dozen people
they want contacted New York Times says
Deborah Ramirez has given the FBI more
than 20 names and we know the FBI has
already spoken to people like Chad
Ludington a former classmate who
challenged Cavanaugh's accounts of how
much he drank in fact top Democrats are
now focusing on the issue of whether
Cavanaugh was truthful in his Senate
testimony as a potential reason to stop
his confirmation
the $64,000 question is this is Judge
Cavanaugh credible will judge Cavanaugh
say anything deny anything mislead about
anything to secure confirmation to the
Supreme Court that's probably worth more
than 64 grand one possible example that
comes from Cavanaugh is interviewed the
Senate Judiciary Committee about
Ramirez's allegations that he exposed
himself in college the judge was asked
specifically whether he had ever
discussed or heard discussion about the
alleged incident before The New Yorker
published its article on September 23rd
Cavanaugh said and I quote no but text
messages obtained by NBC News show that
Judge Cavanaugh was texting with friends
to try to refute ramirez's claims well
before the article came out in fact one
former classmate told the FBI the
Cavanaugh's team started reaching out in
July two months before the New Yorker
published Ramirez's claims on Monday
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell
said Democrats questioning Cavanaugh's
credibility are just trying to delay the
process and he says it won't work so let
me make it very clear the time for
endless delay and obstruction has come
to a close judge Cavanaugh's nominations
out of committee we're considering it
here on the floor and mr. president
we'll be voting this week hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
