first though Gene Robinson President
Trump took on Democrats last night at a
rally in Tennessee let's listen this
election is a choice between a
Republican Party that is building our
future and a Democrat Party that is
trying to burn our future down the
Democrats only know how to obstruct
demolish and destroy as we've seen in
recent weeks Democrats are willing to do
anything and to hurt anyone to get their
way like they're doing with judge
Cavanaugh they've been trying to destroy
him since the very first second he was
announced because they know the judge
cavity will follow the Constitution as
written that's been resisted and he's a
good man great student great intellect
never had a problem all of a sudden no
let's go back to high school
and then they wanna take a lot longer
with the FBI know the FBI they should
take by the way
if we took ten years and what more time
but they want to take a lot longer but
Dianne Feinstein she had this
she had this letter for months and she
didn't reveal it until everything was
finished then she revealed it then she
says oh we one more time let's see how
it all works out but I'll tell you what
they're trying to destroy a very fine
person and we can't let it happen
we can't let Gene Robinson you put that
together yesterday with President Trump
in the Rose Garden saying certainly if
they find something I'm going to take
that into consideration other words if
the FBI comes out with something so
damning about Brett Kavanaugh I will
reconsider my nomination of Cavanaugh
but if you look at Trump at these
rallies and even again in some moments
in the Rose Garden yesterday it's a far
cry from where he was two weeks ago when
the White House sort of had him on
message yeah you know rally Trump is is
always kind of different from from other
Trump and and it that wasn't really the
case yesterday I mean earlier in the day
especially with the Rose Garden remarks
president qapla Trump was kind of
playing good cop to Mitch McConnell's
bad cop I mean he was I was saying you
know yeah I should do what it needs to
do when meanwhile McConnell was saying
we're going to vote this week and we're
gonna Ram this through
look there's there's somebody whose
interests need to be protected here in
this doctor Christine was he for it I
mean she she came in in good faith and
and testified in a way that that members
almost universally said they found
credible and believable and so if it was
credible and believable they oughta they
oughta start believing her and I think
ultimately that's kind of what those
senators are going to be looking at they
they heard a Babel and specific account
of an attack that she says occurred and
they're gonna have to decide Kaddi
mentioned it before
deborah ramirez accused judge cabin of
exposing himself to her at a party
during college the judge and his team
were communicating behind the scenes
with friends to refute the claim
according to text messages obtained by
NBC News Heidi this is your reporting
take us through what you found out
right Willie so the question now as the
White House says it is going to allow a
no-holds-barred
investigation is are the people who
think that they have credible
information going to be heard yesterday
we spoke with a woman who is a mutual
friend of both Deborah Ramirez and Brett
Kavanaugh who says she has very relevant
information and has been unable to get
any response from the FBI to receive
that information specifically she said
that she is in the possession of a
series of text messages with another
mutual friend who was in their
tight-knit circle of friends at Yale and
that those text messages show a few
things so we'll just walk through it
first of all she said they show that
Brett Kavanaugh very much was aware that
this story about Debbie Ramirez was
coming that she's concerned that he may
have known well in advance and
anticipated this story and that he was
trying to control the narrative around
it there are specific text messages from
her friend from the one friend to the
other saying that Brett
specifically was asking her to do things
including to track down a photo of the
two of them at a previous wedding that
they had attended and that Brett was
pushing the other friend to come forward
and to refute Debbie Ramirez's story now
it's important to say that Judiciary
Committee last night in response to this
I believe did release some transcripts
showing that Brett Kavanaugh was
insisting that it was actually Debbie
Ramirez who was pushing for for people
to come forward in advance but still
something that my source who is their
mutual friend whose name is Carrie
Bertram thinks needs to be looked into
second of all and this is is possibly
the most important is that remember the
context of this this these are two women
two friends who have no intention of
making this information public and yet
the one is texting to the other that at
that wedding which was 10 years after
the alleged incident that Debbie Ramirez
was quote acting very odd that she clung
to her friend and what she was trying it
to avoid Brett Kavanaugh that there was
something weird going on there
the classmate said now with these
allegations coming out it all makes
sense to me another thing in terms of
the reporting Willie that we found out
last night that was you know very odd is
that apparently at the time around
September 22nd when Brett Kavanaugh was
desperately seeking this photo three
days later he was asked specifically in
the hearing whether he attended this
wedding and he said he had no
recollection so
something there that definitely needs to
be looked into by the FBI at this point
we're not sure if it will be Heidi can I
just clear something up do these text
messages show that Brett Kavanaugh
definitively knew that The New Yorker
story was coming before it came out
because he said it explicitly in the
hearing that he had no idea that this
was coming until he actually read it in
the magazine wrong exactly Casey and
that is the discrepancy is that when he
was asked by Orrin Hatch he said Orrin
Hatch asked him when did you find out
about these allegations he said in The
New Yorker story according to the text
that we obtained prior to the
publication of the story
Brett specifically was mentioned as
someone who was approaching his
classmate personally and asking her to
come forward to refute the story other
references in the text messages in
advance of the story referred to Brett's
guy Brett's team asking for information
that all predated the publication of the
story and just sorry Heidi just to
follow up on it was specifically in
reference to the story that Brett
Kavanaugh was asking for this kind of
action to be taken right he the the text
would say that he knew the report was
coming no he didn't say there's this New
Yorker story hey I need you two to come
out he just said he was seeking
information he was seeking a photo and
in the second case yet yes he was asking
his colleague or his classmate to
specifically refute what Deborah Maris
was about to say Rick are you surprised
at all that a nominee or a Canada or
anyone in the world of politics with
Noah stories out there when they work to
sort of soften the ground beforehand
having the been on the other end of this
yes of course you're going to learn
about us
story before it is published because
reporters call around people that you
know and those people will alert you or
alert all I tell are enhance they write
didn't know right so if this were a
criminal case this would be illegal
because be witness tampering right but
this is not a criminal case is a
political appointment and so he's trying
to what we say in the business get ahead
of the story so that his side is in the
story before it gets out in the
committee hearing he did not say
specifically I learned about it when I
read it in in in the in The New Yorker
he said he learned about it from meaning
that the story that he was aware of the
story I don't think he ever said first
time I saw I was when I read in the
paper he didn't say that he said I was
aware of it because there was a reporter
working on the story it's important
though because one suggest that he would
have lied and said although I didn't
know about it until then and then there
were the texts that would prove that he
was do was falling words here whether
it's in weed right but I think he was I
think he was referring to the fact that
that story was out there and he was
aware of it he didn't we don't know when
we're down that he didn't say I remember
something before he addresses the point
of the book I personally would like to
watch it again why don't we do that
we'll get the tape and come back to you
Heidi festival will read your reporting
to NBC News comm Hallie Jackson thanks
for being up early with this morning
know you have a long day good to see you
still ahead on morning joe president
Trump it's a rare bit of praise from an
ordeal eater Chuck Schumer will explain
that Plus brand new poll numbers on the
midterms and jeans pointed new column in
the Washington Post
you're watching Morning Joe we'll be
right back
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
