they've already conquered the world of
podcasts so now they're tackling HBO
just in time for the midterm elections
joining us now two of the founders and
co-hosts of POD and save America former
speechwriter for President Obama John
Lovett and former Obama national
security spokesman Tommy Vitor they're
third in a series of four HBO specials
airs this Friday at 11 p.m. from
Philadelphia fellas good morning good to
see you
morning are we missing one or two guys
here yeah there's four interchangeable
parts yeah other two are dividing
conquer 2018 though we're happy we're
happy that you're both here so do I have
this right that your podcast which is
twice weekly has 321 million downloads
almost one for every living American
yeah that's right weird right
so what do you think that counts Spotify
Oh so it's actually more than the
population the United States so how did
this thing start for you guys I mean you
guys obvious all worked together for a
long time in the campaign in the Obama
White House where the idea come from so
we were doing a podcast called keeping
at 1600 for a while and we thought we'd
do that as a hobby after Hillary Clinton
became president I don't know if you've
been I know how close you follow the
news but you went a different way but we
were hung we were going to do a live
stream to talk about the election and
kind of I don't know vent and be sad my
car broke down in front of the CNN
building ran out again right I guess oh
yeah no it was my fault a girl's fault
yeah so we pushed my car to the side of
the road in front of the CNN building
where group people were gathered to
watch the news in front of the building
I hid my keys under a hat I know he was
you could just if you call somebody
origin story always has we were walking
to the studio to record the live stream
where we talked about how wrong we were
we decided that we didn't to go back and
that we had spent all this time talking
about the fact that if Donald Trump
became president we just don't row
becoming the nominee was a national
crisis and he was gonna be President we
didn't want to just be thinking about
politics as a hobby we wanted to be in
the fight a bit more and and so we
decided to start working media and
launch pots of America so people tell me
you listen to this I think view to sort
of therapeutic because they feel the way
you guys feel about the Trump ears and
that you're sort of speaking for all of
them at what point did you realize this
was more than
you and your buddies in a room and a few
people were listening and that it was
taking off pretty quickly after the
election it started to hit some numbers
I mean what we heard from people was I
feel like everything is going crazy
around me and the fact that you guys
feel that way and you actually worked in
the White House makes me feel better
about that and so the big step we wanted
to take on the show is to not just talk
about it was in the news to talk about
what you could do about it if you are
upset and those are not always
satisfying answers it's like knock doors
one weekend a month from now until two
years from now but I think it helped
people figure out that path forward okay
so John yeah a lot of the Democratic
Party has been both traumatized and
trumpet eyes in terms of what can people
do yeah it'd be helpful to change the
tune here what are you suggesting what
if you got well I mean right now we're
in 15 days for an election if you
believe that that we deserve a better
kind of government zone one thing you
can do right now is do everything you
can to vote get your friends to vote
knock on doors and help Democrats win
the house I think one of the reasons the
past two years has been so painful for
people it's not just that someone unfit
is in the White House it's the fact that
one of the two parties is capitulated to
that person and giving them a sense that
the rules don't matter anymore that
facts don't matter anymore that the
truth doesn't matter anymore the
corruption doesn't matter anymore and if
you care about that and the only thing
you can do to send a message that you
want a different kind of politics is
elect of different Congress the
Democratic Party is consuming everything
right hundred change so let's follow up
on that Tommy
so after Charlottesville after a child
separation policy after a foreign policy
where you've got a president who is cow
towing and Helsinki to Vladimir Putin
now we see what's happening in Saudi
Arabia I could go on all morning after
all of that you actually have in swing
districts a lot of the districts in
Hillary Clinton won the Washington Post
reporting this morning that it's it's a
virtual tie Democrats may even lose
seats in the Senate what's happening to
the Democratic Party why is this even
close two weeks out we have a huge
Klim I mean they've gerrymandered a
whole bunch of districts to make it very
difficult turf for Democrats but that's
that's just a fact it's not an excuse I
think you've got a lot of Democrats
locally talking about things than that
or if I were running for office I would
be talking about nothing except Mitch
McConnell's statement the other day that
now that we passed a two trillion dollar
tax cut we're gonna have to cut
entitlements Social Security so let me
stop let me stop you right there so why
so why isn't there a National Democrat
doing what Bill Clinton did to us in 95
and 96 saying the Republicans cut taxes
for the rich and now they're gonna pay
for it by gutting Medicare because one
of the most effective messages I've ever
seen in my life politically in Democrats
could do that right now
I think they are in districts but then
you have an unhinged lunatic saying that
a caravan of Isis is coming up from
Honduras and that is capturing the
national media narrative and it's very
difficult to push back on that massive
constant pervasive lie and so you know I
think we are trying but it the megaphone
of the White House still exists and it's
incredibly powerful man Trump has been
really screwed by how slow that Caravan
is moving if you look on the map it's
barely making any progress if you're
trying to invent a boogeyman you got to
see more dots moving along the map with
a tapered scooter it's eight hours a day
and the thing there we're still all the
way by Guatemala if you're gonna try to
scare people into thinking that people
are going to kill you and vote against
you you gotta be close to the border
that blue dot on the Google map not
really think that's exactly so there's
this debate as you guys know better than
I do about what kind of candidate yeah
Democrats should run against President
Trump in 2020 I know you're focused on
the midterms for now but people are
saying is it the Michael avenatti style
fighter maybe not him particularly but
somebody who punches back at Donald
Trump was willing to swing or somebody
who takes the high road serve the Obama
doctrine when that when they go low we
go high what do you guys think about
that what kind of person could take down
Donald Trump I think we are not going to
do 20 20 did 2018 but
learn a lot we're about to learn a lot
about where the country is when we have
this midterm right we are gonna learn
how how seriously people take corruption
issues we're gonna learn how PC riously
people take healthcare issues we're
gonna see on this map how effective
Trump was right right now we have Trump
going out there doing what Trump does
sowing chaos kind of using the worst
kind of dark instincts to try to get
people turnout we're gonna find out if
Trump was more effective at turning out
the base than he was turning out the
people that disliked it and when we get
that answer that will tell us a lot
about the kind of person we want to
twenty trying to conference thank you so
Peter Hamby really smart journalist
networks of snackage I was a CNN for
well he's about Elizabeth Warren's
response to the Pocahontas charge the
DNA test and I think he made a very
compelling case that if you get down in
the mud and punch back at every punch he
throws you were just stuck in his world
and his morass and his kind of argument
I do think that like people like to mock
the Michelle Obama when they go low we
go high but that is the right message
for a candidate people want to vote for
something that's aspirational they want
to vote for someone that cares about
them their values their economic
position their health care and I do
think like the Trump show gets his base
going it's been wildly effective he's an
incredible good mess incredibly good
Messinger and he's good at dominating
the spotlight but I don't I hope that
that's not what people want to vote for
can i serious answer about this I think
Democrats can get themselves all twisted
up thinking about how to fight against
Trump do we act like Trump to me not act
like Rob here's the question I would put
two people who is the person that you
would want to be President if Donald
Trump never came along who is the person
that you would want to be the leader of
this party the intellectual leader the
inspirational leader of the Democrats if
you didn't know about Donald Trump think
about that and let that be your guide
and then you're certainly not being then
you're not allowing Donald Trump to
decide the terms of the debate before
you even gotten started
Mieke Tom Tommy or John well given all
that you've said maybe the question is
how do Democrats win isn't gonna beat
Trump we're in the final days before the
midterms and it's not a sure thing no
and how could that be well first of all
so the biggest waves in the history of
the house right what are their eight
points seven points nine points that's
kind of where we're at but because of
the way the districts are laid out right
now because of gerrymandering because
voter suppression all of that an
eight-point swing seven-point swing may
just get us to even right so in order
for Democrats to take the house you need
a historically big wave in the Senate we
just have a bad map you know we're
trying to save seats in Missouri in
Indiana in Montana right then we're
competing in places that are tough it's
just a year like North Dakota Dakota we
need to win back the house and then we
need to win a bunch of governor's races
and then we need to do some
redistricting around the census and then
we need to get rid of these horrific
voter suppression laws that we're seeing
in places like Georgia and Wisconsin
because that's a ton of votes that are
just getting wiped away so look at the
demo of your podcasts okay and can you
guys sense or no can you figure out who
is gonna vote among you know the very
young people who love to bitch and whine
about everything that's going on are
they actually gonna vote oh I do I think
we don't know I mean all we know about
our audience is that they're very smart
and very good-looking but but you know
we started this because we wanted to
inform people entertain people but
inspire them to act one of the most
rewarding parts about making building
this company and building this podcast
is we see people all the time saying we
listen to your show every week you've
encouraged us to go out so we're
canvassing we see pictures from rallies
where we see friend of the pod t-shirts
everywhere we're trying to send a
message to the people with saying that
that that it would be easy right now to
be cynical but the most important thing
is to get involved and know that you're
not just a cynical observer you are a
frustrated participant and we don't know
we won't know until after right but we
started this thing called vote save
America and we've seen I think on the
way to 10,000 people give hours to
volunteer over a hundred thousand people
registering or checking to make sure
that they're registered through the site
and pledging to vote through the site so
you know we're just doing our best to
get people to do as much as they can
it's what your old boss said don't move
vote yeah from President Obama don't on
the envis John good to see both the
listeners are very good looking at gonna
testify they're third in a series of
four HBO specials that will air this
Friday at 11 p.m. guys great to see you
great to see ya
with more Morning Joe right after this
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
