so exactly how much Brett Kavanaugh
perjury is too much Brett Kavanaugh
perjury if judge Kavanaugh is shown to
have lied to the committee nominations
over oh yes I would think so joining us
now John Heilemann national affairs
analyst for NBC News and MSNBC he is
co-host of show times the circus and
Ruth Marcus deputy editorial page editor
and columnist at the Washington Post in
an MSNBC contributor and John you got in
a word with Jeff Flake today in Boston
where he was making a public appearance
of what is where is he as of tonight on
this nomination I got a lot of words
with him Lawrence for about 20 minutes
we sat up at the New Hampshire Institute
of Politics up at st. Anselm was in
Manchester I know you're familiar with
that institution although I am currently
in Boston you know we talked about a
fair number of things including his
concerns he's voiced them at an event
earlier here and then it get up there
about where things currently stand with
the investigation that can and that kind
of because the ways in which the FBI was
initially circumscribed in terms of what
they were doing going forward he said to
me that this was not this notion of
there being only four witnesses and
those four witnesses did not be I not
being able to go and take what they
learn from those four witnesses go
further the the nature of how the
investigation had been laid out the
scope of it was not how he originally
imagined it when he said that limited
scope he thought they would start with
those four witnesses and they move on
and I think he spent most of this day
today along with Chris Coons talking to
Donegan's office talking to Senate
leadership with whom he is clearly not
totally on the same page about how to
make sure that this investigation is a
real investigation and it seemed to be a
real investigation because it's clear to
me in the totality of our conversation
that he's a little bit of the guy with
the tiger by the tail he knows he did
something important on Friday in getting
this extra week and getting the
Supplemental FBI investigation but he
now is realizing that if this
investigation does not is not proper is
not done in the right way does not meet
certain credibility standards that they
could find themselves in a worse place
when it ends on this
day than they were last Friday which was
a pretty bad place and Ruth Marcus I
have to say knowing Mitch McConnell as I
do his approach to this would be to try
to do the most minimal investigation
possible and in the process humiliate
Jeff Flake by not actually delivering
what Jeff Flake wanted and placed the
bet that Jeff Flake will simply bear
that humiliation and the Kavanagh
nomination will get through I don't
disagree with that and I think today
though as John has related it was a very
good day in terms of showing that if
there's intensive media and public
scrutiny on the conduct of this very
important investigation that senators
like Senator flake are not going to
allow themselves to be played for fools
to allow this to be turned into just a
farce of an investigation and that we
are not going to get perfection we're
certainly not going to get perfection in
a week I doubt that my friend Ron Klain
suggestion of bringing judge Kavanaugh
back before the committee is one that's
going to be eagerly snapped up by
Senator McConnell or senator Grassley
but we're gonna get something better
than what Senator McConnell and Don
began the White House Counsel wanted to
give to us in the first place and that's
actually a very good development today
John it has always been up to Jeff Flake
from the start to to stop this and get
the correct kind of investigation and it
still is did you get the sense from him
today that he realizes that he actually
cannot simply trust this process that he
has kind of kick-started clearly he was
working directly with the White House
today and presumably with Mitch
McConnell on getting the kind of
investigation he wants but does he
realize he's gonna have to do that every
day like it's not like Tuesday they're
gonna face the same problem I think he
recognizes the Lawrence and I said to
him in the course of our conversation
which is about seven o'clock at night I
said you know there was the the FBI
agreed there the White House agreed to
and it to expand the scope of the
of the inquiry ostensibly that was
reported in the New York Times around
2:30 in the afternoon and around 5:30 in
the afternoon a source of mind said that
as far as he knew that the FBI had not
received any legal instruction from the
White House actually expanding the scope
of the inquiry and when I said this to
flake I said you know that's what my
source is saying who is in touch with
people at the very top of the FBI what
do you think of that he said if that's
true that's a problem and I've been busy
today I've had this event I've had the
two events today one in the afternoon
one this evening I gotta go get on the
phone basically and find out what's
going on it's clear that he's not fully
on the same page with leadership I asked
him that are you in the same page with
Mitch McConnell and Chuck Grassley he
said I don't know basically not sure
about that and asked him then finally I
said if you get we get to the end of the
week and the scope of this inquiry and
the way it's been conducted do not meet
your standards what are you prepared to
do are you prepared to ask for more time
are you prepared to use that as a basis
just to vote against judge Kavanaugh and
he said well let's wait until we get to
then I don't want to say that I'm open
to an extension because I do believe it
this would all be done in a week but he
was suggesting at least that he was not
foreclosing the possibility that if
there was a problem with the
investigation that he might ask for more
time at the end of the week he didn't
deny that and Ruth Marcus no doubt the
senator Susan Collins and Lisa Murkowski
are happy to see Jeff Flake bear the
brunt of this kind of labor at this
point but they have a role to play here
too
they and I think we should point out
there is a lot of Republican senators
who should want to see a full and fair
process both for their own reputations
and for that of the court and the good
of the country so it's sometimes there's
a little bit grating that we only
pretend there are kind of three honest
Republican senators out there where the
others but you know this is not Jeff
Lakes decision alone if he were to balk
at the end of the day and say no this
this investigation was not adequate and
I'm withholding my vote he would you
would still need additional Republican
senators to go along with him
stop the nomination at this point John
does that dramatic moment at the end of
the 60 minutes coverage last night where
both Jeff Flake and Chris Coons are
asked if he is if Cavanaugh is shown to
have lied is that the end Jeff Flake
instantaneously oh yes but that's going
to be up to Jeff Flake to evaluate and
decide whether Cavanaugh has lied well
not just whether he's live whether he's
lied about important enough things to
cause him to vote no again it was a
subject we discussed I said you know
look it's it's demonstrably the case and
this is before even some of the further
reporting that came out this evening was
known to me I said it's demonstrable a
the case that he's lied in front of the
committee on s'matter is large and small
which of these matters is enough to be
is enough which what perjury is enough
perjury essentially essentially to cause
you to vote against him and he said look
I'm gonna have to wait and see what the
what the what is shown out he clearly
ruled in the notion that perjury should
be part of this investigation not merely
the accusations of sexual misconduct but
also perjury that it may have arisen out
of trying to explain away those
allegations and he said look you know we
got to the drink I you know maybe these
these things that related to a word
definitions would not be enough to keep
Jeff to keep the judge Calvin off the
court but when we turn to the questions
of drinking he tried to make a little
bit of a joke about about being a Mormon
and hard to judge for him matters of
excessive drinking but when I laid out
all of the claims that have been pouring
in today about this he was he looked
clearly troubled by it and it seemed
obvious to me though he didn't say it
quite this directly because he is Jeff
Flake that that if it was demonstrably
true that that the judge Cavanaugh had
mischaracterized his kind of the
drinking that he can that he engaged in
when he was in high school and in
college and he lied about that very
gratuitous later the committee that that
would be a big problem with Jeff Flake
John Hammond Ruth Marcus thank you for
joining our discussion tonight thanks
for checking out our youtube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
