let's bring in New Yorker staff writer
Jean Mayer who along with Vernon Pharoah
has been breaking lots of news about
those sexual misconduct allegations
about against Cavanaugh and whose latest
pieces on the confusion surrounding the
FBI's renewed investigation and
characterize that confusion for us Jane
well a number of people particularly
Yale classmates but others too who have
information that they think is important
and they want the FBI to see feel that
they can't get it to the FBI and they've
they have tried they've been they've
called they've been told to try calling
an FBI tip line and go to various field
offices of the FBI where nobody seems to
know what they're talking about it's
been a confusing situation and some of
the people that I've talked to who I
regard as people who've got key
information have our feeling that
beginning to wonder if this is a real
investigation or some kind of whitewash
in the words of one of them Debra
Ramirez was on that list even the the
very restricted list of that reporting
suggests was initially handed the FBI
but by the white house
of people to interview do we know she is
interviewed with the FBI as of yet I
believe she has been interviewed by the
FBI but one of the people that I wrote
about in this story is a classmate of
theirs that is of Debbie Ramirez and of
Brett Kavanaugh in the Yale class of
1987 who remembers hearing about
Ramirez's allegations he remembers
hearing about the party that she was at
and the scene that she described he says
he's a hundred percent sure that it was
Brett Kavanaugh who members hearing at
thirty five years ago either the night
of the party or in the next day or two
and he's written up a statement for the
FBI and he's gotten no response
I checked with him right before going on
the air he still got no response the
same is true of the lawyer for Elizabeth
brazier who was the college girlfriend
of mark judge who is the friend of
Cavanaugh from high school who according
to the allegation against Cavanaugh
having to do with Christine Blasi Ford
mark judge was the only other person in
the room at the time and this is a woman
who went out with mark judge who said
that the descriptions he's given of
their innocence at that period are a lie
and she knows because mark judge
confessed to her with a lot of shame she
says and she's sorry to have to say this
that when he was in high school he had
sex with an inebriated woman and several
other boys
from high school had sex with the same
woman and he wants she wants
Elizabeth razor wants the FBI to
understand that this is the social
background against which this these
allegations from Christine Blasi Ford
took place and we should say Elizabeth
rear razor was on the record saying that
in a story you reported she is trying to
get to death the FBI as well there's a
number of people we've seen reports of
in that case one thing I think one other
thing Chris we should say is that that
mark judges denied it and of course
Cavanaugh has denied this as well I mean
you know we got to give everybody their
side but these are people who when I
interviewed them what they are saying is
I want to talk to the FBI I it's about
trying to get a fair process they want
to do this under oath at threat of
perjury and and they're saying they
still haven't been able to talk to the
FBI and and I think that's the issue
it's that they they actually want to
give information they feel a civic duty
about it mark mark judge we should say
his lawyer said that he has interview
with the FBI for this sort of renewed
and reopened background check though
that internet viewers not complete it
strikes me that one of the issues here
may be and this is an attempt at a sort
of charitable reading what I'd like to
hear what you think which is that this
is a highly unusual background invocate
investigation because it's extremely
public usually the FBI is doing this in
the background they're going out and
talking to people there's a lot of
people presumably that are trying to get
to the FBI at this point it seems at
least witnessing what I've heard from
you and other reporters the FBI is
having a hard time putting them in
contact with the investigators it's you
know there there's it's it's a small
social group that it's not that big a
group of people as far as I know I mean
it took run and Farrell and myself maybe
two weeks to
sort of tap into this social group at
Yale and and if we could do we're not
the FBI so I I would I would think the
FBI would be able to get to this group
of people and it's important I think I
mean the lesson we learned from the
Anita Hill story whenever that was 27
years ago was that corroborating
witnesses are important because you get
to this situation where you've got this
standoff between two credible seeming
people maybe and and and it's very hard
to know the truth and so you need to
talk to others who were involved at the
time and who know these characters all
right Jamie are doing great reporting on
this we will continue to monitor this
with you if that's cool with you
throughout the week as that deadline
ticks forward thanks a lot thanks hey
there are Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
