Trump essentially backing down in this
Cavanagh fight and this is really for
the second time in less than a week it
was just days ago that Trump first
relented agreeing to reopen the FBI's
Cavanagh probe after claiming well
that's maybe not what the FBI does at
tonight's news is Trump has agreed to
critics calls for an expanded FBI probe
of Brett Kavanaugh that means FBI agents
can speak to anyone necessary as long as
it all ends by Friday so basically the
White House is no longer micromanaging
the direction of the probe of who they
can talk to but they're still insisting
on a tight and let's admit it arbitrary
deadline New York Times reporting the
FBI's already interviewed the four
people that it was authorized to and as
Trump alluded to today those people that
list does not include Julie sweat Nick a
third Cavanaugh accuser so just to be
clear should the FBI interview all three
of Brett Cavanaugh's accusers it
wouldn't bother me at all now it depends
I don't know all three of the accusers
all three certainly I imagine they're
going to interview two the third one I
don't know much about but it wouldn't
bother me at all I mean I've been heard
that the third one has I have no idea if
this is true has very little credibility
if there is any credibility interview
the third one should Brett Kavanaugh be
interviewed by the FBI oh I think so I
think it's fine if they do sweat Nick's
lawyer Michael avenatti has spoken about
her case but she has not until tonight
you will hear from Miss sweat Nick for
the first time an NBC News exclusive in
a few moments right here on the beat the
other big issue though tonight is
testimony from Cavanaugh's friends like
mark judge who's now spoken to the FBI
as well as their credibility new reports
that his former girlfriend says she
wants to speak with the FBI but hasn't
gotten much of a substantive response to
the FBI can talk to these people around
the main parties as well NBC reporting
Cavanaugh's team tried to talk to some
of them encouraging accounts that would
back him up another college classmate of
Kavanaugh alleges that he would get
belligerent and aggressive while
drinking so a lot of different accounts
swirling around we begin tonight with
Senator Richard Blumenthal a Democrat
from Connecticut who was on the
Judiciary Committee he signed a letter
today listing about two dozen witnesses
that they believe the FBI
interview I'm also joined by former
Democratic senator carol moseley-braun
she won her seat in 1992 often referred
to as the year the woman she was also
the third woman ever to serve on the
Senate Judiciary Committee thanks to
both of you as senator Blumenthal when
you look at the direction we're going in
here what the president said the FBI
expanding aspects of the probe do you
feel this is the right direction
it certainly is the right direction but
whether they really go far enough and
quickly enough remains to be seen my
mantra is distrust but verify those 25
witnesses potential interviewees that I
sent to the White House and to the FBI
along with almost all my colleagues on
the Judiciary Committee Democratic side
are the minimum that ought to be
interviewed and as you well know from
your own experience
witnesses can lead to other witnesses
that have to be pursued so I believe
that Jeff Flake truly wants a real
investigation not to check the box sham
and that's what the FBI ought to be
doing difficult though because as you
said very well this deadline is tight
and arbitrary in fact too accelerated
and too artificial to really get the job
done one of the things that's come
through in the process is increased
scrutiny on whether Brett Kavanaugh
who's a sitting federal judge who was
testifying under oath has been wholly
truthful throughout and you got at that
point in your exchange with him let's
take a look you're aware of the jury
instruction falsus in in-universe falsus
anomalous are you not you're aware of
that jury instruction you know what it
means
you can translate it for me sir and you
can do it both and I can both in one
thing false and everything
what were you getting at there and are
you at a junction after a few days here
where you can say that you think he did
make materially false statements to the
senator are you not there yet I think he
definitely was evasive and seemingly
misleading he made statements that were
directly contradicted by facts and now
have been impugned by other potential
witnesses who have come forward who
should be interviewed under oath I would
never judge right now that a sitting
judge would be prosecuted for perjury
based on what we know but there is
certainly reason for the FBI to be
investigating that issue and that
investigation by the way Ari is going to
go on whether it occurs before the vote
or afterwards not like the wrongdoing
goes away just because of the vote
senator stay with me as I turned to
another former senator and senator broad
I want to play for you a little sound
from two other senators I'm sure you
know the expression ain't no party like
a senator party because the senator
party is full of filibustering do you
know that one but this is relatively
short for Senator on senator analysis a
Republican and a Democrat in a much
watch for much intrigue 60 minutes
appearance last night about potential
false statements by Cavanaugh take a
look if judge Kavanaugh is shown to have
lied to the committee nominations over
oh yes I would think so
you saw the Republican there Jeff Flake
nodding his head vigorously the
Democrats were seen as more critical
here have certainly held that view do
you hold that view do you think that he
was evasive as senator Blumenthal has
just said or something more directly
false well the United States
Constitution calls on the Senate to
advise and consent so this is supposed
to be a search for truth and not just a
matter of a pure power play and
patronage politics which frankly it may
come down to be it may be that that the
that the majority leader in the Senate
will try to just ran this thing through
without regard
to the outcome of the FBI investigation
or any other in evidence so the question
is whether or not the Senators will
discharge their constitutional duty and
I think they will and actually examine
the all of the facts of this case it's
not a criminal case it's advice and
consent so there's a different standard
but it should not a lot be allowed to
become patronage politics and yet a
straight-up power play over whether or
not this is the spoil system and the
Supreme Court can go to whatever party
is in power it shouldn't be that it
should be a search for the truth and a
search to get to the bottom of what all
has occurred here and Senator Moseley
Braun the other issue is not only how
Brett Kavanaugh and dr. Ford conducted
themselves much has been made all the
way out to SNL on how it was the accuser
who seemed so measured in calm and the
the person being accused who seemed so
at times emotional and upset but even if
you wanted to be charitable and say
people may respond differently to
different things he is also a sitting
judge who has to return to the bench no
matter what happens and so I wonder for
your analysis if we could compare that
to what we might call the Cavanaugh
standard what he had said a judges ought
to do and how they ought to act take a
look to be a good judge and a good
umpire it's important to have the proper
demeanor really important I think I'm to
keep our emotions in check to be calm
amidst the storm on the bench to to put
it in the vernacular don't be a jerk I
think that's important there's a danger
of arrogance as per umpires for referees
but also for judges do you think he
followed his own advice then last week
he clearly did not I mean that's the
reality there he just lost it and
attacked the senators who were who were
on the panel which was just I thought
inappropriate and did not show judicial
temperament but having said that what
concerns me is why Republican women are
not more outraged because they're the
the Republican side of the committee
they could they couldn't even have they
didn't have a female member of the of
the Republican side of the
on that committee they had to go and
rent a person to come in and and and to
be the stand and female to do the
questioning and I just think that that
ought to energize Republican women to
say why aren't there more Republican
women sitting on that other side of the
Senate Judiciary Committee or in the arm
or in the Senate period so I think that
is a very important issue here the
senators mostly Braun and Blumenthal
thanks to both of you I want to turn now
to Mara gay from the New York Times
editorial board and MSNBC analyst she
has a new article writing about her own
experience as a sexual assault survivor
and also here Lisa Lehrer a political
reporter for the New York Times as well
as Jean Robinson a Pulitzer Prize
winning columnist for The Washington
Post my thanks to all of you
Lisa's starting with you what do you
think is important now we are a long
ways as I mentioned in the open from
Donald Trump claiming either this isn't
what the FBI does or they should do it
only with a narrow counter who they can
talk to look what's important is what
has always been important which are the
votes of Senator flake Collins Murkowski
maybe mansion or hide camp in the end it
you know it's hard to believe that a
time-limited investigation can close
every door and every eye especially as
more issues seem to come out every day
but in the end that may not matter if
Mitch McConnell feels he has the vote to
push this thing through he will push it
through so the deciding voices on this
will be that set of three or five
centers if they feel satisfied with what
has happened in the past week then he'll
bring it to a vote if they if Jeff Flake
does not feel satisfied and then it's
hard to see how then Republicans are in
a pretty tough spot right and they're
Gene Robinson I want to play a little
more from Donald Trump today because
what Lisa is referring to is the fact
that this is a somewhat public messy
process no one's claiming it's all that
logical and rational although as I was
pushing the senator on it if you want
more time and more witnesses this would
seem to be going in that direction take
a look at the president today
I want them to do a very comprehensive
investigation with that being said I'd
like it to go quickly this for clarity
will you instruct the White House
Counsel Don McGann to give the FBI free
rein to interview whomever they feel is
necessary well I have so instructed him
but I did also say within the bounds of
what the Senate wants we don't want to
go on a to use a an expression often
used by me we don't want to go on a
witch hunt gene he had to get that in
there please don't feel any any need to
respond to that particular phraseology
but what do you think about about that
direction and the president look you
could say low bar you can say low
expectations but something has moved the
president maybe just the raw political
pressure of needing a couple votes well
at the very least we have a good cop bad
cop routine going on here where the
president for a change is the good cop
who's saying have an investigation look
into everything talk to anybody you need
to talk to this is what I want the FBI
to do and on the other you know the
other end of Pennsylvania Avenue you
have Mitch McConnell saying we're going
to vote this week where I'm gonna call a
vote and we're gonna we're gonna put it
up now that is I think in part of a
bluff because he certainly will not
bring it up for a vote if he doesn't
think he has the votes to pass to get
him judge Kavanagh confirmed but it's a
kind of routine going on and I'm as
confused as everybody else about how
thorough this investigation will be how
quickly it can be done and what the
standard is what's the what's the cutoff
he find out he lied to Congress but but
you can't substantiate the sexual
assault charges what do you do was that
enough for just like or is that not
enough for just like yeah you know I
don't want to get too caught up in the
FBI investigation because I do think
it's important because it means that dr.
Blasi Ford's claims are being taken
seriously and that's good but we already
have a lot of information before us even
without the FBI investigation that
suggests that Brett Kavanaugh is unfit
for this role one of those pieces of
evidence
is dr. blas afford herself her testimony
is credible Brett Kavanaugh s testimony
is not credible and there are reasons
for that and one of those reasons is
because he's been misleading and
injudicious and temperamental and had a
hissy fit on national television you
know that is not what we want in a
Supreme Court justice and I I think that
you know we should kind of remember that
because you know rather than fall into
the trap of let's see whether it's
possible to prove that dr. Blasi Ford is
telling the truth I mean it may be that
there is no evidence 36 years later that
can prove all the claims that she has
brought up but yet there are lots of
reasons to find her testimony incredible
and and frankly Brett Cavanaugh's not
credible and Lisa doesn't that go to the
very peculiar maleness or male privilege
that he would seem to inhabit which has
been of course a part of the discussion
for for many days now which is it is
hard to imagine a female judge candidate
nominee or senator necessarily being
given the same dispensation if they
comported themselves over several hours
like that I'm smiling because it's not
hard to imagine it's completely in
conceivably impossible to imagine I do a
little bit of understatement in the
shows you're a little understanding we'd
be talking about temperament we'd be
talking about all kinds of things so
clearly there is a double standard at
play that seems fairly obvious for
anyone who's watched these testimonies
who's watched Washington who's watched
politics I also think there's another
thing going on that's important to
remember which is that let's say this
this all works for Mitch McConnell and
he gets confirmed and he gets put on the
court what does it do to the institution
of the court you have this highly
controversial nominee you have a broad
swath a growing swath based on the
polling of the American public who are
not comfortable with him and then you
have you know future potential justice
Cavanaugh who's gonna be on the court
ruling on potentially on issues of
women's rights on sexual harassment I
think it could be very and then there's
a temperament issue there's his the
openly partisans
statements he made in his testimony that
could be something that's really
damaging for the court as an institution
and that and that also goes to Jeanne
something I want to read to you that
that really cuts into I think another
heart of this debate which is what is
the right ratio and I don't think anyone
has the perfect answer but what's the
right ratio between the age of an
allegation and the seriousness of an
allegation because it the older and less
serious at some extreme you say Oh
jaywalking and it was 60 years ago you
know and it was in a horse and buggy j1e
was to show people say you know what
mine the horse versus something super
serious or super recent I want to read
to you from some of the new accounts
that are coming out Washington Post
quoting on the record Charles Ludington
a declared friend of Cavanaugh's from
Yale says look when Greg got drunk he
was belligerent aggressive started a
fight that ended up with one of our
mutual friends in jail anytime you have
the intersection of criminal law or the
alcohol mixed with allegations of
violent conduct or criminal conduct
right you're in a little bit of
different space than just what some
people like to say is Oh 40 years ago
these were quote-unquote wild parties
how do you see these accounts affecting
it well you know that definitely gets
your attention but I want to go back to
the point that Marla was making which is
that dr. Blasi Ford's testimony first of
all what she alleges is serious and it's
serious enough there's not a statute of
limitations on that both literally and I
think in terms of consideration for the
for the Supreme Court and second her
testimony is evidence it is it is it is
powerful I mean she is an incredibly
credible witness and I think I don't
know anyone who listened to her last
Thursday and said she was anything less
than believable so if you're going to
say she's believable then we should
believe her we should certainly give her
more of a presumption of truthfulness
than is being given her now and and when
we say in the me2 era you know believe
the woman that doesn't mean believe the
woman for you know half a day and then
tell her to go away and shut up right
and he also goes to the procedural point
that's in the news tonight which is she
came out
under oath in public Marc judge speaking
in private and only speaking under oath
because because of what Jeff Flake and
others pushed for I mean that wasn't at
all guaranteed Gene Robinson Lisa Lera
and Mara gay as always appreciate your
expertise hey I'm already Melbourne from
MSNBC you can see more of our videos
right here or better yet subscribe to
our YouTube channel below you could have
been anywhere in the world that you're
here with us and we appreciate that
