a key friend of Brett Kavanaugh who has
been effectively laying low mark judge
now he has been interviewed by the FBI
mark judge is important because dr. Ford
essentially identifies him as part
witness but also potentially part
accomplice in her original allegation
now he had responded by saying that he
doesn't recall the events described by
dr. Ford in her testimony he never saw
Brett act in the manner dr. Ford
describes and quote now until today that
written statement was basically all
anyone had directly from Mark judge
meaning he was facing far less scrutiny
or questions and Kavanaugh or Ford she
of course had detailed her memories
about Mark judge and Brett Kavanaugh
that night Brett and Mark were visibly
drunk early in the evening I went up a
very narrow set of stairs leading from
the living room to a second floor to use
the restroom when I got to the top of
the stairs I was pushed from behind into
a bedroom across from the bathroom I
couldn't see who pushed me Brett and
Mark came into the bedroom and locked
the door behind them there was music
playing in the bedroom it was turned up
louder by either Brett or mark once we
were in the room I was pushed onto the
bed and Brett got on top of me he began
running his hands over my body and
grinding into me I yelled hoping that
someone downstairs might hear me both
Brett and Mark were drunkenly laughing
during the attack they seemed to be
having a very good time
mark seemed ambivalent at times urging
Brett on and at times telling him to
stop a couple of times I made eye
contact with mark and thought he might
try to help me but he did not that is
what everyone watching heard last week
now mark judge would presumably have
strong views about that allegation as it
ricocheted effectively across the
country and even if he genuinely does
not recall that night one way or the
other the FBI would potentially want his
view on many of these wider questions at
Kavanagh
already faced under oath about their
alleged drinking together in their
parties and for judge specifically
whether he remembers knowing forward or
seeing her after the incident she
details and judge could also have plenty
to say about excessive drinking in
blackouts because he did later write
about his own battles with alcoholism
and recovery have you ever passed out
from drinking I passed out would be no
but I've gone to sleep you know relate
to alcohol I like for that I like beer I
don't know if you don't like beer
senator and what do you like to do next
well you're saying there's never been a
case where you drink so much that you
didn't remember what happened the night
before or part of what happened that's
you're asking about yeah blackout I
don't know have you in mark judges book
God and man at Georgetown Prep he writes
about a pledge that he and his friends
made in high school to drink a hundred
kegs of beer before graduation on their
way to that goal there was a quote
disastrous party at his house the place
was trashed and Cavanaugh listed himself
in the class yearbook as treasurer of
the hundred kegs or bust Club there's
also a 1997 memoir waisted tales of a
Gen X drunk where judge writes about a
quote Beach week and has this passage do
you know Bart o Cavanaugh quote yeah
he's around here somewhere
quote I heard he puked in someone's car
the other night quote yeah he passed out
on his way back from a party as the
exchange so many of us well is that Bart
o Cavanaugh name or character a
reference to Brett Kavanaugh
mark judge was a friend of ours in high
school who developed a very serious
drinking problem an addiction problem
that lasted decades and was very
difficult for him to escape from trying
to get a straight answer from you under
oath you know that you have to ask him
you'd have to ask him now that's judge
Cavanaugh talking so another judge if
you will would take the question one can
now imagine the FBI doing exactly that
asking him in its new questioning as
well as of course his recollection of
the account about running in to doctor
for yes I was going to the Potomac
Village Safeway this is the one on the
corner of Falls and River Road and I was
with my mother and I was a teenager so I
wanted her to go in one door and me go
in the other so I chose the wrong door
because the door I chose was the one
where Mark judge was it looked like he
was working there and arranging the
shopping carts and I said hello to him
and his face was white and very
uncomfortable saying hello back and we
had previously been friendly at the
times that we saw each other over the
previous two years albeit not very many
times we had always been friendly with
one another I wouldn't characterize him
as not friendly he was just nervous and
not really wanting to speak with me and
he looked a little bit bill how long did
this occur after the incident I would
estimate six to eight weeks the FBI may
want to ask about that non-drunk alleged
encounter mark judges book does validate
parts of Ford's timeline saying it was
the summer before senior year and even
though I wasn't drinking every day I was
completely hooked going a week without
getting drunk was unthinkable I was
spending between four and seven nights
with the gang either at a party or
O'Rourke's and a former girlfriend of
mark judges is telling the new yorker
the judge had told her ashamedly of an
incident that involved him and other
boys taking turns having sex with a
drunk woman also the kind of question
the FBI might want to explore in the
context of this vetting now dr. Ford was
asked a simple question that many
remember in her hearing last week
would you like mark judge to be
interviewed in connection with the
background investigation and the serious
credible allegations that you've made
that would be my preference that would
be my preference simply stated measured
modest even the way she was throughout
much of the hearing what's easy to
forget because a lot is happening at
once these days is when she gave that
answer under oath and then when
Cavanaugh came in after and then the
next day no one knew whether this would
ever happen in the space from her answer
to today a span of a few days political
pressure and activism have changed so
now mark judge has been interviewed by
the FBI that wasn't the original plan
and Mark judge now because of all that
his testimony true or false the FBI will
make its determination could be key to
unlocking so many open questions right
now hey I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC
you can see more of our videos right
here or better yet subscribe to our
YouTube channel below you could have
been anywhere in the world that you're
here with us and we appreciate that
