also tonight kevin has thirty cuter Joey
sweat nick is speaking out in an
interview with NBC News last week's
wetness lawyer Michael avenatti released
her sworn declaration which alleged in
graphic detail that she quote witness
efforts by Brett Kavanaugh and others
that cause girls to become inebriated
and disoriented so they could then be
gang-raped well here's what sweating
said about Cavanaugh's alleged behavior
at high school parties on NBC Nightly
News Tonight can you describe to me what
you saw him do he was very aggressive
very sloppy drunk very mean drunk I saw
him go up to girls and paw on them try
to you know get a little too handsy
touching them when private parts I saw
him try to shift clothing are there
people yes today yes and I have those
parties yes there are people that know
about those party Oh Kavanagh has
vehemently denied sweat Nick's
allegations saying he doesn't even know
she is and NBC News has not been able to
independently corroborate her claims
well I have annatee provided the names
of four people he said could confirm her
account one is dead another says he does
not remember Joey sweating at all and
the other two have not responded to NBC
News well meanwhile after attempting to
limit the FBI's ability to conduct a
full background investigation on bread
counter this week the president is now
backing down and allowing the FBI to do
its job well that's good news the New
York Times was first to report that
quote the White House has authorized the
FBI to expand its abbreviated
investigation into sexual misconduct
allegations against judge Brett
Kavanaugh by interviewing anyone it
deems necessary as long as the review is
finished by the end of the week at first
the White House had tied the FBI's hands
dictating the investigators could only
speak to believe this or not four
witnesses four that's all they're
allowed to talk to there they are among
them was Mark judge it was today
interviewed by the FBI in Germany right
now is Heidi Perez Billa who broke that
latest door in cabinet and Ramirez for
NBC News Glenn Kirchner is a federal
prosecutor and Jeff Bennett White House
reporter for NBC News thank you all
congratulations on breaking this story
you know I was looking at it
this is tampering with witnesses this is
going around finding people that are
going to be interviewed and by the way
judge Cavanaugh said he didn't even know
about this allegation till he wrote
about it in New Yorker your report he
says he's around before the story ever
ran in New Yorker trying to kill
witnesses rightly Chris and part of my
reporting was I went back and looked at
his testimony when senator hatch asked
him when did you find out about these
allegations he said in The New Yorker
story according to these text messages
that we've obtained which are between
two friends in this tight Yale
University circle
Brett as he's referred to and as well as
Brett sky and Brett's team were very
much behind the scenes trying to control
the narrative in advance what were they
doing number one they were trying to get
a photo of w Ramirez and Brett Kavanaugh
at a wedding that was ten years later
showing them together smiling secondly
one of the women was being pursued by
quote Brett to go public and refute w
Ramirez the White House is not
responding Chris but Bob Bauer who's
someone who's run these types of
confirmations before told us is highly
imprudent
for someone in Brett Kavanaugh position
to be a Supreme Court nominee and also
with the a leader Brown a democratic yes
democratic clear for these allegations
being so severe that he would be trying
to do anything that that would be very
unwise of him to be trying to do that
behind the scenes the second important
thing Chris that I think all of us need
to take a look at which is actually
lower down in the story that's really
compelling is that one of the former
classmates said when she went to that
wedding she noticed something very odd
about Deborah Vermeer's that she was
really uncomfortable and she was
avoiding Brett and his friends at all
costs which was really odd since they
were supposed to be friends in a tight
circle well you can imagine her trying
to avoid him if that happened ten years
before anyway NBC's reported Kavanagh
and his team tried to refute ramirez's
claim before it became public comes
after Cavanaugh appeared to tell the
Senate Judiciary Committee as I said
last week that he first heard about
Ramirez allegation from the article in
New Yorker let's watch when did you
first hear of mr. Ramirez's allegations
against you in the last in a period
since then that New Yorker story well
there he is saying something that may
have covered his
max because he didn't want to admit that
he was out there scurrying around and
getting people to say the nice things
about him refute this story that was
coming he knew where Marisa is about to
make the allegation about what he did
with his private part in her face the
whole thing and yet he denied knowing
about it now why would he do that Glenn
you know because he didn't want the rose
he didn't want to be caught sort of
knowing something he shouldn't know in
advance of that story breaking but you
know and Heidi said that people have
said that it's highly imprudent for
somebody in his situation to reach out
and communicate with witnesses it's even
beyond that it is downright reckless
because first of all every attorney will
tell his client do not directly
communicate with witnesses regardless of
whether your intentions are pure because
if you say something to a witness like
remember I didn't do anything to you
well how is that going to be perceived
and you know it is it is always a danger
zone I won't call it witness tampering
yet because we'll have to determine if
judge Kavanaugh had was trying to
corruptly persuade the witness to change
her story with holds to her story or
otherwise in Congress I switch blame for
accused of that before with his with his
secretary about being in a room alone
with Monica Lewinsky that whole thing
anyway as I mentioned Trump lifted the
White House restrictions on the FBI
investigation today certainly after he
he claimed he was merely following the
wishes of the Senate but under questing'
however praised the president was forced
to admit that only he as president has
the authority to set the limits of the
investigation what I said is let the
Senate decide whatever they want to do
is okay with me
and also the FBI my white house will do
whatever the senators want open to
whatever they want I'm guided by the
Senate I want to make the Senate happy
because ultimately they're making the
judgment I'm not making the judgment
I've already made my judgment in fact
without you
it is it is up to me but I'm instructing
them as per what I feel the Senate wants
well Trump was also pressed about who
the FBI should or should not be allowed
to interview for clarity will you
instruct the White House Counsel Don
McGann to give the FBI free rein to
interview whomever they feel is
necessary well I have so instructed him
and I did it again over the weekend so
just to be clear should the FBI
interview all three of Brett Cavanaugh's
accusers it wouldn't bother me at all I
think the FBI should interview anybody
that they want within reason go should
Brett Kavanaugh be interviewed by the
FBI in I think so I think it's fine if
they do I don't know that's up to them
Jeff has said sometimes I think
interaction with the media is helpful to
the Republic yeah and I think this is a
case where they read he was prodded to
give him full license to do the job
which he apparently had told them not to
do before and I have to give the but is
it all that anybody knows been talking
about this whole weekend is this gonna
be a real FBI investigation or some
cover-up operation some quickie job just
to say they got it done it's like the
three or four people apparently it
started off with he told them just talk
to four people what a joke and the White
House says that they were taking their
direction from the Senate because the
Senate said we want to interview all of
the current and credible accusers and so
in the view of the White House Julie
sweat Nick was not viewed as being
credible so only dr. Ford and Deborah
Ramirez were the two allegations that
were common sense it's a job interview
right this is what they keep saying
during here all the Republicans kept
saying this is not an investigation this
is a job interview okay if it's a job
interview and you hear the guy's a
problem drunk you know he's belligerent
he said what we used to go a mean drunk
wouldn't you want to check that out
beyond the two cases wouldn't you like
to expand your vision to other people
too hung out with them these drinking
buddies like this guy Dan Ludington you
would but there's the time issue too and
Republicans that when he's already
talking this guy's going look that's the
whole problem Chris is the Republicans
are saying there's no corroboration
there's no corroboration but let's not
talk to the people who could provide
some co-op collaboration like Christine
Bertram who is the woman or Carrie
Bertram who's the woman who I
to today who didn't want to come forward
and who's been trying it is like her
third attempt to try to get through to
the FBI to get the FBI to talk to her to
say look I've got these text messages
I've got this memo you need to talk to
me and just earlier before we came on
air saying they told her to talk to a
field office in the field office saying
oh we're not actually the right people
for you to talk to for that so on the
one hand the president's saying they're
expanding the investigation but are they
going to talk to people like Kerry
Bertram hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
