senator flake you've announced that
you're not running for reelection and I
wonder could you have done this if you
were running no you're left another
chance not a chance no Inconvenient
Truth Jeff Flake providing an honest
assessment of the political realities
surrounding the Cavanagh ordeal and as
the FBI conducts its search for answers
the rest of us are left to examine the
profound effects the situation may have
in the midterm elections now just five
weeks away it's certainly an important
topic Pugh asked registered voters last
week before the hearing what issues were
very important to how they plan to vote
in the Supreme Court ranked first ahead
of health care or the economy and here
we are at the million dollar question
how will house in the senate races
shakeout here's the Washington Post's
answer quote the issue is resonating in
two distinct ways it threatens to
further erode support for House
Republicans struggling to survive in
centrist suburban districts while in
Senate races it's giving GOP challengers
in pro-trump states a chance to inspire
previously unenthusiastic conservatives
in other words standing by Kavanagh
might have Republicans waving the white
flag in the house but it could actually
help them in the Senate so how's the
president feeling about GOP chances in
November but I think we're gonna do well
yes now Betsy Woodruff politics reporter
for The Daily Beast Betsy thinks they're
gonna do well what do you think what are
you hearing how do i do what do other
people feel this is like there is scant
evidence that the Cavanaugh debacle has
done anything positive for Republicans
going into the midterm elections one
piece of information that's interesting
that we received recently is a new poll
from CBS which shows that roughly half
of Democratic voters say they will be
angry if Cavanaugh gets confirmed and at
the same time roughly half of Republican
voters say they also will be angry if
Cavanaugh doesn't get confirmed this
entire process has only heightened the
long existing rancor and anger that
exists in this country so the big
question is what does that mean when it
comes to nuts and bolts and numbers
going into the midterms the answer is of
course we can't be sure looking back at
2016 pollsters continuously
underestimate
the intensity that Republican voters had
at the same time Democrats have shown
over the last year the Democratic voters
are extraordinarily mobilized that's
important because historically in
midterm elections Republicans just turn
out in larger numbers if Democrats are
able to shift the balance there it could
absolutely be a game changer
Tim this this is not scientific this is
not based on anything I've read our
scene but just my experience on
campaigns Republicans who are likely to
be highly motivated as Betsey says by
Cavanaugh's treatment or by or fired up
by his testimony as we've discussed are
already voting in the midterms that is
who votes in the Metro the berry person
who pays attention to and cares about
the Cavanaugh nomination process on the
other hand for Democrats it may be young
women who can't believe that someone
like Professor four can offer credible
testimony and and not have that be
dispositive it may be people who are not
regular voters in midterms they come out
of it because it it seems to me that the
that the upside for Republicans is it
brings out the people that they need to
turn out but they're already habitual
midterm voters but for the Democrats
that seems like more of an x-factor they
may not be regular voters in off
presidential years and where that will
matter I think the Democrats is in the
Senate by all indications the Democrats
already looked to be in the driver's
seat in the house and I think to the
extent that Cavanaugh is irrelevant or
not a factor in the house but he is in
the Senate that's where this battle is
being waged and I think that's why you
see Mitch McConnell still going all in
behind Cavanaugh
if Cavanaugh is appealing to Republicans
we're gonna vote in Senate races the
Republicans can't afford to lose this
Senate for a number of obvious reasons
but I think the other X Factor is our is
whether or not Democratic voters are
going to come out in unforeseen numbers
in these same Senate races because of
Cavanaugh I think particularly women I
think the Republicans are in danger of
having a generational shift here among
female voters because not only because
of Cavanaugh but because of Trump yeah I
think you know those two men are really
wedded to the hip right now for for
female voters you made that point
earlier that this is running for the
Senate not something you're supposed to
run for is supposed to simply be
presented to the Senate you talk about
Cavanaugh running like pick Trump ran
for president well I mean and that was
one of the most interesting things last
week was watching the Republican Party
which we've talked about a lot you know
enabling Donald Trump following Donald
Trump quiescing to Donald Trump last
week we saw a Republican Party that was
becoming Donald Trump that you have a
judicial candidate who basically is is
channeling trumpism and then you see
what you know has happened to a Lindsey
Graham out there but in terms of the
effect of this there's a narrative that
you see on social media a lot which is
the Republicans are really being fired
up and unified in support of Brett
Kavanaugh know the question that you
raised I think is the key one are they
regular voters I have a kind of a gut
sense that whoever loses this fight is
going to be the most charged up they're
gonna feel the most motivated there will
be so much anger on the other side that
there will be as a slight tipping effect
god I want to read you something in the
New York Times today from Rebecca trade
store she writes fury is a political
weapon and women need to wield it this
political moment has provoked a period
in which more and more women have been
in no mood to dress their fury up as
anything other than raw and burning rage
many women are yelling shouting using
sharpies to etch sharply worded slogans
on to protest signs making furious phone
calls to representatives but your
impression well I mean it's not just
that I mean you saw that for example of
the two women who confronted Jeff Flake
and the elevator on on Thursday I mean
there is a fury out there and what I
look at are the numbers for example that
show that 71% of women oppose the
Cavanagh nomination I mean this is
astounding and even among men that
opposition number is somewhere around
fifty nine percent and for the first
time I'm really seeing Democrats talk
about the Supreme Court as a motivating
factor which we haven't done in a very
long time and so I think it adds to the
motivation that was already there and I
expect to see huge voter turnout
they've already been increases in voter
registration and there will be huge
voter turnout that I think is going to
turn the tables for Democrats certainly
in the house but I think there is that
opportunity in the Senate to
when you look at what's the polling in
some of these key states
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
