that of course was President Trump just
a short time ago at the White House
discussing Supreme Court nominee Brett
Kavanaugh is drinking it is a topic
wrapped up in the FBI's background check
probing allegations of sexual misconduct
in both high school and college at a
hearing last Thursday Cavanaugh was
asked about a calendar entry from July
1st 1982 when he apparently went to
classmate tim Gaudet house for beers
along with mark judge Tom Kane Patrick
PJ Smith
Bernie McCarthy and Chris squee Garrett
on Cavanaugh's yearbook page he lists
keg city club a hundred kegs were bust
the beach week rob club a reference to
throwing up and you may notice Devil's
Triangle down there
that is because Cavanaugh claimed it was
a drinking game but he was very vague
about the rules and when talking about
high school drinking he said quote the
drinking age was 18 so seniors were
legal here's the thing Cavanaugh turned
18 in the final months of his senior
year February 1983 and in the state of
Maryland the only location where
Cavanaugh talks about drinking in high
school well they raised their drinking
age to 21 in July of 1982 meaning when
he went to Timmy's for some skis the
boys were drinking underage and even
when he was a senior he couldn't legally
drink alcohol in fact no one in his
senior class could legally drink in
Maryland his admitted drinking freshman
year at Yale would also have been
underage Connecticut rates its drinking
age - 25 a year Cavanaugh's freshman
year roommate released a statement
saying quote he was a notably heavy
drinker even by the standards of the
time and that he became aggressive and
belligerent when he was drunk and
another student who says he drank often
with Cavanaugh told the New York Times
quote on many occasions I heard Bret's
slur his words and saw him staggering
from alcohol consumption when Bret got
drunk he was often belligerent and
aggressive he added quote I witnessed
him respond to a semi hostile remark by
throwing his beer in the man's face and
starting a fight that ended with one of
our mutual friends in jail Cavanaugh
talked about his drinking in a speech to
Yale Law School
Federalist Society we're counting he
attended a Red Sox game and quote a
night of Boston bar hopping only for us
to return falling out of the bus onto
the front steps of Yale Law School at
about 4:45 a.m. he continued quote
fortunately for us we had a motto what
happens on the bus stays on the bus the
topic of I school drinking behavior and
drinking in general came up during his
confirmation you ever get in trouble did
you were you more of them john-boy
Walton typer a Ferris Bueller type I
worked hard at school I had a lot of
friends I've talked a lot about my
friends now at the trouble part I was
waiting for that right so that's
encompassed under the friends I think
yeah I was gonna ask the judge if not
him but any of his underage running
buddies that ever tried to sneak a few
beers past Jesus or something like that
in high school but I'm not gonna go
there okay joining me now former federal
prosecutor Cynthia oxy and NBC News
legal analyst Danny Cevallos Danny I'm
gonna go to you first and qualify it
with I have had alcohol before I was 21
before I was even 18 Brett Kavanaugh was
clearly prepared and trained for last
Thursday's hearing is it not committing
perjury and why would he do it when
saying no big deal it was legal the key
to either the perjury statute of the
false statement statute often turns on
the knowing falsity of the statement so
if somebody is lying about whether or
not they were drinking underage that
means that we have to conclude that he
must have not known that drinking was
illegal at that particular age therefore
testimony last week wouldn't he prepare
yeah I would expect him to prepare and
maybe he was caught off guard in that
clip that we just saw but it goes back
to whether or not that he knowingly make
a false statement about his awareness of
the drinking age if it can be proved
that the drinking it he could not have
of age and it's probably not realistic
whether you drink or you don't drink
like president Trump we at least are
generally aware whether we're allowed to
or not otherwise the notion of a 22 year
old in the forest believing he's
illegally drinking when the drinking age
is 21 it makes no sense those are the
little kinds of lives that then
satisfied the next element of
materiality in other words it was the
statement made to mislead the senator
asking the question yes high school
drinking might be inconsequential if I'm
asking about selling arms to Iran or
something else like that but if the
question is about what was your drinking
like in high school and you mislead a
senator now we're getting into perjury
and false statements possibly but it's
also the kind of thing Cinthia
especially things on his yearbook page
easily disprovable but also forgivable
for a lot of people maybe not Democrats
but there's a lot of people across the
country who might say lots of kids have
dreamt and I'm putting sexual assault
aside for a moment right there's a lot
of people who would say lots of kids
would drink and party in high school
lots of kids might might look back on
things and wish they wrote more
responsible or mature things on their
yearbook page and the president goes on
in those remarks to basically say look
at his adult life if kids drink in high
school so what no big deal it's not
about is drinking a big deal
why would Brett Kavanaugh lie on that
massive public stage where he had
clearly spent hours upon hours preparing
for those remarks you know that's hard
to understand because count me in as
somebody who doesn't care that he drank
in high school taking apart the sexual
taking away the sexual assault which I
obviously do care about but I think part
of it is an arrogance that we don't that
we're all so stupid that when anybody is
brilliant as Brett Kavanaugh tells us
something that we'll just take it I mean
it's it's insulting and he has gotten
away with it for a very long time and he
thinks that he will get away with it
again and if the FBI investigation is
continued to be limited in the manner in
which it is he is gonna get away with it
then did he make things worse for
himself on Thursday when he gave his
opening remarks
and he spoke passionately defending
himself saying he had never done this
and when he spoke about his family
people many people across the board took
that saying wow he's made a strong
argument dr. Ford has made a strong
argument but it was after that Danny all
of these and I keep calling them small
lies but a lie is a lie and he chose to
tell those lies for seemingly no
apparent reason people would have been
okay with the fact that he went to beach
week in high school and threw up from
drinking but to say oh it's about that
sensitive stomach of mine to spicy foods
bull he was shooting the moon he was
trying to get through all this as
unscathed as he should - someone like
Brett Kavanaugh who in his professional
life has been so accomplished the notion
that he would have to admit under oath
that he may possibly did drink too much
or that he possibly behaved boorish Lee
at times you're absolutely right there's
a large segment about a segment of the
population that would just say so what
he drank in high school it's it's not
that uncommon some people do some people
do not but if he was fibbing it was so
he could shoot the moon and try and
avoid any further tarnishment of what he
believed to be his integrity so that's
why people try to do that and a lot of
times witnesses have just to comfort too
much confidence in what is provable and
what is not provable and I think Brett
Kavanaugh is learning that now something
that he should have learned during his
time as a judge and as I just wonder all
those hours he spent preparing with Don
began Cynthia last word to you on this
where do you think things go from here
we've spent a lot of the weekend not
even talking about dr. Ford versus Brett
Kavanaugh but all those nonsensical lies
he told in fact I was a great student I
was a great athlete being a great
student athlete doesn't mean you can't
get hate wasted we have loads of
examples of those who have right well if
we had a real and FBI investigation as
opposed to a sham FBI investigation the
FBI would be interviewing some of these
Yale classmates for example this one
Ludington guy said after a big drinking
bout he started an argument and somebody
went to jail
we keep records of that we know if
somebody went to jail and we if you had
a real FBI investigation we would find
that out but we don't really have one
and it looks like unless that nice
little lady who yelled at Jeff Flake
calls him again and pressures him to
open up an FBI investigation we're
really not going to have one nice little
lady very strong woman
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
