welcome back to Morning Joe let's stay
on the topic of the midterms ktk you're
just back from Florida tell us what you
found there especially as it pertains to
the Hispanic vote and turnout yeah we
went down there to trying to report on
Hispanic votes because obviously this is
a group that just historically has not
turned out and the the prospect amongst
Democrats has been that because
president Trump has used the language he
has against Hispanics because of his
immigration policies and all of the wall
that that would drive up Hispanic voter
turnout but the Democrats down there are
still concerned they're not going to see
these big numbers turnout among
Hispanics because so many of them are
young you know young voters just don't
vote in midterm elections 1/4 of Florida
population now is Hispanic that's how
much higher than the national average
and if they don't show up at the polls
that's further problems for the
Democrats down there
in a big way polls released yesterday
from Montana showed Democratic senator
Jon Tester in the lead in Montana State
University Billings poll conducted by
telephone from October 8th to October
13th found tester ahead 47% to 38%
against state auditor Matt Rosendale but
it's a much tighter race in the Montana
State University of Montana television
network poll conducted by mail from
mid-september through early October in
that poll tester has a three point lead
46 to 43 so Steve which one of these two
this is a race by the way president
Trump has leaned on very hard like
visiting Montana doing a rally there a
few days ago which of those polls you
think is closer to the truth yeah it's
tight we don't see many polls like that
second one he just showed there were two
thousand respondents it was conducted
over the period of three weeks by mail
so right you know usually the first ones
a more traditional telephone poll model
both of them in some way though do sort
of mesh with our our basic understanding
of the race that even though this is a
state that Donald Trump carrying by 20
points tester appears to have some kind
of a lead here whether it's only a
couple points whether it's a little bit
more substantial in that tester does
appear to be ahead in this race Montana
that has that history despite voting so
strongly you know for Donald Trump it
has a Democratic governor in elected max
baucus to the senator for all those
years the other fascinating number out
of Montana though in that first poll the
one that has tester up by nine points
they also polled
congressional race which is the entire
state of Montana one congressional
district for the state and remember the
Republican incumbent there Greg G and
forty came to national prominence last
year when he bodyslam the reporter on
the eve of that special election their
poll has G and 40 up by only three
points so this is one of those
potentials Sleeper congressional races
we talk so much about suburban districts
where Democrats think they can pick off
Republicans in places Clinton did well
here's a place Trump won by 20 points in
the Republican Congressmen fighting for
his political life right now and it may
have something to do with the lingering
controversy from you know what happened
on the eve of that special election
Democrats hopes of taking the Senate
senator slim to begin with it goes
without saying they can't lose John test
Mike tester he's an absolute must for
them yep
right and you got some other polls from
the state of Georgia some congressional
polls that sort of fold in with the
Stacey Abrams Brian Kemp race for
governor yeah it was interesting one of
these is sort of a blast from the past
year but you're looking at how close
that governor's race is one of the
stories in Georgia is how the state has
been changing demographically
particularly in Atlanta and immediately
around Atlanta so you see the governor's
race there is tied one area where you
see almost a spillover effect from that
the sixth District of Georgia remember
this one
Democrats pumped 30 million bucks in
there last year for that guy jonatha a
special election from Tom prices
district they got close in that they
lost that race by four points to care
and handle well there you go here's a
new poll out just the other day handle
still only leading by four points
Republicans are nervous enough about
this race that just the other day they
pump more than a million dollars in
nationally to try to shore up care and
handle because they are seeing these are
suburbs that you know Mitt Romney had
carried by 20-plus points in 2012 in
this district came all the way down to
trump plus one in 2016 so you had
20-point movement there demographically
is changing in next-door
very similar story next door in the
seventh District of Georgia a place
trumpet won by 22
excuse me trumpet won by seven Romney
won by 22
you got a single-digit race and a poll
taken there this week for the Republican
incumbent so it's just it goes to show
you we talk so much about these obvious
targets Democrats have on the map in the
house there's a whole layer behind it in
places like that Rob Woodall right there
7th District of Georgia a six-point lead
right there he's ahead but that is a
close race in a place that just five
years ago Republicans would win like
that
Jeremy let's go from the deep south to
the Midwest you've been looking at
Nebraska and Iowa to actually see what
issues voters are really focusing on
there what do you find well it's not a
whole lot of what you hear from national
Democratic leaders National Republican
leaders or the media really I mean I
think it goes back to the conversation
you were having at the top of the hour
about health care about things that
personally affect their bottom line I I
will say though the one exception is the
caravan I was at a Republican Women's
Club meeting last Monday night so this
is this is a week ago before the news of
the caravan really got overheated and
representative Don bacon a centrist
Republican from Nebraska running in a
district that's pretty split it's one of
those Obama Trump districts every single
question Joe that Don bacon got was
about the caravan or about immigration
so this issue has permeated the
Republican consciousness in a way that
is going to be very helpful I think
we've seen that already to the
Republican Party I think the question is
so what are the Democrats do because the
Democrats aren't talking about
immigration at all I mean they're trying
to keep things focused on health care as
they they believe they should because it
really is when you talk to voters what
they care about but this whole
fraudulent notion of open borders that
the Democrats support open borders is is
being left unanswered and it's just not
true but you won't find any Democrats
who want to engage Trump on that and and
I think they're they're suffering
because of that because it does make
them look like they don't care about
illegal immigrants now you know really
David Frum wrote an article about this
yesterday in the Atlantic and his
argument was pretty simple as they eight
Democrats just respond to this and say
we don't want up in borders we want to
make sure that people get into this
country illegally we don't think it's
right that people come up to our borders
and overwhelm it and
we are opposed porous borders as much as
the rest of Americans but there has been
no response which is allowed Donald
Trump to lie about building a wall and
lie about the impact of caravans and lie
about illegal immigration and and of
course lie about all the people coming
in from Mexico when we still have a net
negative immigration pattern there more
people going back to Mexico than coming
here you know what else is interesting
to Eddie
the idea behind family separation was
that it was a deterrent right for
migrants those a deterrent to illegal
immigration so what happened there if
you have this dangerous caravan of
thousands of people invading from the
border
perhaps family separation wasn't the
determine exactly it was I think the
argument that has to be made really is
that who are we what what do we stand
for as a country what our values to kind
of show that this immigration policy
reflects what Whitman would describe as
the hollowness of the heart a kind of
callousness of the spirit so don't begin
with the argument on their terms about
quote-unquote illegal immigration don't
begin with the argument within their
frame about deny open borders begin with
the claim about who do we take ourselves
to be and to begin to make a claim about
or to describe why these folk are
leaving Honduras and Guatemala and what
are we how do we represent ourselves see
because when we will we and that doesn't
mean that you are committed to open
borders or or you're committed to
undocumented workers entering the
country in in quote-unquote illegal ways
right what we're committed to is who we
take ourselves to be and what the
Republicans are doing what Donald Trump
has done is undermine a consistent
standard story about the greatness of
this country now I know a different side
of America and so do these people and I
think if the Democrats need to put
forward a positive vision of who do we
take ourselves to be in contrast to what
these folks are saying but you know
Eddie the Democratic candidates to get
elected president the United States
whether it's Barack Obama or whether
it's Vil Clinton will say who are we we
are a nation with a big heart we are a
nation with the Statue of Liberty
at the head of New York Harbor we are a
country that has fed and freed more
people in the history of this planet
that is who we are but we're also a
nation of laws we want immigrants to
come to this country we want refugees to
come to this country we want people to
send they're tired and they're hungry
they're poor they're huddled masses but
we're still a nation of laws and it's
that balance that makes America so great
that's what Democrats have to do that's
what Bill Clinton did that's what Barack
Obama did that's not what Democrats are
doing today and it's not that hard to do
I mean I don't think it's that hard to
get that message out there that yes
we're a nation of these values but one
of those values is the rule of law let's
work better at balancing those two
values you know Joe I think I think part
of what I'm arguing is that you can make
the claim for immigration policy
predicated upon the values that we are
committed to without stipulating to the
claim that the immigration system is
broken without stipulating to the claim
that somehow we're committed to open
borders part of what I think we have to
do that is those of us on the Left we
have to resist the framing of the issue
that Republicans put forward we know
Republicans don't give a damn about the
rule of law that's how we opened up our
segment at six o'clock this morning
right that they don't care about the due
process they're only invoking the rule
of law because they're invoking the the
long-standing kind of big you know scary
ghosts of the barbarians at the gate
we've heard that since since Edmund
Burke right so part of part of what
Democrats have to do I think Joe is
shift the center of gravity of the
debate and and stipulate to the claim
that we're committed to reasonable
immigration policy but to put forward
who we actually are a sense of who the
country actually is John that's what I
say so you also Willie you know what you
can also do if you're a Democrat you can
just state the truth you can you can
just tell the truth and say that more
people are going back to Mexico that are
coming
the United States and that they're just
a fraction of people coming to this
country illegally compared to what it
was like at the beginning of Barack
Obama's term new UK you can talk about
you can talk about how the illegal
immigration to this country has gone
down and went down repeatedly under
Barack Obama it's it sound a little
spike under Donald Trump that's why he's
freaking out but you just tell the truth
and they just say this is scare
mongering Americans will get it tell the
truth and do what you said Barack Obama
said years ago as a senator he talked
about the rule of law President Trump
tweeted out a clip yesterday of Barack
Obama then senator from Illinois talking
about the rule of law we have to have
strong border so there is a way through
this john opened the show with a magna
carta reference cloud came back with
booboo the fool and now a walt whitman
quote the ball is in your court
7:00 a.m. think about and do it I can't
think very strong there's Jeremy Peters
thank you Steve Kornacki thank you as
well thank you
Steve's new book is the red and the blue
the 1990s and the birth of political
tribalism coming up on Morning Joe the
president says the killing of Jamaal
khashoggi was bad but that the Saudi
cover-up was the worst in history we'll
have the new action from the Trump
administration on this ahead thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
