okay Muppet fans the word of the day
really the word of the week is credible
going into yesterday's hearing everyone
was focused on whether or not Christine
Blasi Ford would be a credible witness
after her appearance before the Senate
Judiciary Committee several committee
Republicans emerged to say that yes they
found her testimony quite credible today
even Donald Trump said that he found dr.
Ford credible but there were two people
who gave testimony yesterday and over
the course of Brett Kavanaugh s
confirmation process even before
yesterday credible was not a word that
sprang to mind regarding his testimony
and that was true in a way that we've
really not seen for a for very many
Supreme Court nominees at least since
Clarence Thomas as in the Thomas
hearings back in 1991 the salacious
nature of the sexual misconduct
allegations against Brett Cavanaugh has
overshadowed the other key information
at issue in the confirmation process but
even before Christine Blasi Ford came
forward and upended this process
Democrats were raising substantive
questions about Brett Cavanaugh's
credibility on a number of issues
related to his judicial and political
career for instance whether Brett
Kavanaugh lied under oath about
receiving documents stolen from Senate
Democrats while he worked in the George
W Bush White House and whether he lied
under oath about his involvement in a
couple of very controversial judicial
nominations as the Bush White House's
point man on court picks
there's the allegation just this week
from Senate Judiciary Committee ranking
Democrat Dianne Feinstein that Brett
Kavanaugh was not honest with the
committee when he at when he was asked
whether as a prosecutor on the Ken Starr
team
he provided secret information from the
grand jury process to reporters and was
the question of the credibility of Brett
Cavanaugh's insistence that he does not
remember anything weird at all going on
in Judge Alex Kaczynski's chambers when
Cavanaugh clerked there even though
numerous former Kaczynski clerks have
described an atmosphere full of
inappropriate sexual comments both in
person and via email and even though
Alex Kaczynski resigned abruptly from
the bench last year after a litany of
sexual harassment allegations were made
against him stretching back decades and
really batts
i Cavanaugh's small-scale untruths in
his testimony yesterday about his
youthful drinking or his high school
yearbook struck several Democratic
senators as part of a worrying pattern a
pattern they brought up today before the
Judiciary Committee vote time and time
again when confronted under oath with
questions about his involvement and
bush-era scandals or controversial
matters Judge Cavanaugh misled the
Senate now the fact that he's misled
this said it over and over and over
again
that does not make him guilty of sexual
assault as a 17 year old nor does the
fact they minimize the heavy drinking in
his youth and misrepresented the
misogyny in his yearbook but it does go
to the heart of Judge Cavanaugh's
truthfulness anytime he's faced with
potentially incriminating questions I
did not find him credible
I don't believe booth is flatulence I
don't believe the devil's triangle is a
drinking game and I don't believe
calling yourself a girl's alumnus is
being her friend and I think drinking
till you Ralph or fall out of the bus or
don't remember the game or need to piece
together your memory the next day is
more consistent with dr. Ford's and
others testimony than his own Christine
Blasi Ford spent yesterday being
scrutinized for anything that might
possibly show her to not be 100% 1000%
credible but Brett Kavanaugh has left
some serious doubts on the table about
his own truthfulness before the Senate
committee as he seeks a promotion to a
lifetime seat on the nation's highest
court in the next week an FBI
investigation might deliver some answers
to some of the questions raised during
these hearings and a week
drinking is one thing but the concern is
about truthfulness hey there are Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
