we are back with breaking news as they
say this just handed me and it's a story
about how this story is moving faster
than we thought the FBI component of
this story we have this one-week pause
and the Cavanagh vote while the FBI
swoops in and does their work well the
LA Times Jennifer hey Brooke Horne has
just written the FBI moved immediately
given the short time frame by Friday
night agents had sought to schedule an
interview with one of two other women
who after Blasi Ford went public made
accusations of their own about alleged
assaults dating the Cavanaugh's days in
high school and at Yale University
according to two sources here who asked
remain unidentified
FBI investigators contacted the
attorneys for the woman and asked to
interview her as early as tonight can't
emphasize how unusual that is according
to one of the sources her attorneys
countered with a later time but the
interview could occur this weekend the
sources said all of this by way of
bringing in our very Germaine next to
guest Barbara McQuade veteran federal
prosecutor former US attorney for the
Eastern District of Michigan and
Frankfurt Lizzy former FBI assistant
director for counterintelligence who in
the past has worked for among others
Robert Muller so Frank I was going to
ask you if this were a movie montage our
agents putting their stuff in overhead
compartments getting on flights tonight
renting cars are there whiteboards at
field offices across the country and
this article helps to answer the
question this is underway and moving
this is where the FBI shines when it's
allowed to Brian so pagers have gone off
text messages are being sent calls are
being made everybody's been on standby
and if you're in the Baltimore division
that covers Georgetown Prep where cabin
I went to high school if you're in the
New Haven Connecticut division that
covers Yale if you're in California
where some of the accusers and survivors
are you are in action getting your plan
tonight they're gonna divide this up by
field office and then they're going to
divide it up by what I call three
buckets people places and
who are the people all the accusers that
are known currently and some who may not
yet be known all of the witnesses what
are the places Yale University dorm
rooms the house in Maryland where this
party may have occurred does it still
exist has it been refurbished is there a
stairway is there a bathroom across from
a bedroom
are there photographs at Yale or
Georgetown prep that can put Cavanaugh
next to people he says he doesn't even
know next to some of the accusers who
lived in the dorm those people are gonna
get a phone call from the FBI back then
those are going to be pulled the potomac
Safeway supermarket where people may
have worked and been spotted they're
gonna pull records and pay pay records
from there and find dates and schedules
if they exist and what about the things
the things include the polygraph exam
that dr. Ford already took that should
be pulled and reviewed for quality and
see if it was done right and is credible
are there are there other items that can
be displayed shown photographs that show
what was in the room blankets linens
posters on the wall where this may have
occurred all to refresh memories and
boys lining up the final interview when
all of this evidence is gathered putting
it down in front of Cavanaugh and if I'm
in charge of this I'm putting two female
agents in that room to ask him the
questions and present everything that's
been found at the end of the week and
see if he can hold up or whether he
blows up as he did against senator
Klobuchar just needs a moment to catch
my breath
so Barbara it sounds to this layperson
like the FBI has done this before what
are the blanks from yesterday's
testimony you would like filled in if
you were appointed special counsel
investigating this case well I think the
place that I would start is with Mark
judge this is the one person that dr.
Ford actually puts in the room when this
alleged sexual assault occurred and so
talking to him could be so critically
important I know that he has submitted a
letter saying that he doesn't remember
this but that's so different from having
an FBI agent shows show up at his
doorstep and talk with him as we saw
yesterday live questioning is very very
different from what ends up in a written
statement because that can be either
written by or edited by a lawyer who can
keep it very narrow watching body
language tone inflection all
of those things matter so much as well
as the ability to ask follow-up
questions and so that would be
absolutely the place I would start and
then the other two places that are so
interesting and I'm delighted to hear
this breaking news that the scope of
this investigation is not just limited
to dr. Ford who gave a compelling
narrative yesterday but we're going to
hear all they're going to investigate in
an interview also Debra Ramirez and
Julie sweat Nick it sounds like from
your report and so we don't know
anything about them I think it would be
important to talk to them quickly so
that if there is follow-up from those
stories you can go interview the people
the other witnesses they identify so
it's not surprising to me that they
would want to get to them tonight so
that they can use the rest of the week
to talk to any other witnesses who might
either corroborate or refute their
stories so Frank I mean this
respectfully it doesn't sound hard
meaning it would be hard for us
laypeople but this is what the FBI does
that you can reel off 30 steps is is
very indicative of a veteran agent let
me ask you about a polygraph test for
Cavanaugh is he under any obligation and
if he passes if he says no I don't want
to take one does that get noted
somewhere absolutely it will be offered
and I've seen it done I have personally
been involved in derogatory allegations
against nominees where a polygraph was
taken and in fact in those cases it's
cleared the nominee so dr. Ford took a
polygraph exam
dr. judge Kavanagh will be offered one
and if he refuses it will be noted and
I'm going to tell you something
with a number of people believing that
dr. cat judge Cavanaugh lied somewhere
in the nomination process or yesterday
regarding some small things and and or
some big things he may have a problem
taking a polygraph exam I would be
surprised if he agrees to take one Wow
and Barbara what is their what's their
ability to compel if people don't want
to cooperate well with regard to someone
like Mark judge or others that's that's
a place where you could run into some
problems it is not required to talk to
an FBI agent it would be purely
voluntary if Mark judge or others would
refuse to talk to the FBI agents the
remedy
really is to go back to the Senate and
ask them to issue a subpoena for the
testimony before the committee in light
of the short timeline that has been put
on this one week I don't know that if
someone refuses to cooperate they could
get them subpoenaed and appear before
the committee in that short period of
time or if they would have the political
will to do so so so far Marc judge has
said he is willing to cooperate if I
were Brett Kavanaugh and I believe that
was innocent and really wanted this
confirmation I would urge all my friends
to talk with the FBI so that's really
the remedy is a subpoena but we'll see
whether the chairman has the political
will to issue one hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
