today's unexpected developments on the
Brett Kavanaugh nomination we're playing
out in real time across the internet on
cable news and we were hearing rumors
something big was happening people
didn't understand it began behind closed
doors and then we learned more than we
were even supposed to with this hot mic
moment between senators Feinstein and
Grassley force what agreement to do what
and lord knows the Senate can be
confusing when the hearing finally
resumed we saw senators struggling
themselves on live TV to process what
was happening that kind of drama well
honestly it makes me think of something
lawrence O'Donnell would write for the
west wing he's a Senate expert himself
and I'm happy to say he's gonna join me
in a moment Lawrence to take a look and
watch how this happened as a point of
personal privilege I'm going to call on
senator flake to speak let the FBI
continue to do an investigation limited
in time and scope to the current
allegations that are their role no
doesn't matter what we say here this
will be up to Senator Schumer and
Senator McConnell I want to make sure
because it's just somewhat unprecedented
its country's being ripped apart here
and and we've got to make sure that we
do deal with due diligence because of
the two hour rule we're adjourned
once O'Donnell as you see is here host
the last word in a long time Senate
expert and also at the table the New
York Times Mara gay who I'm pleased to
announce tonight is an MSNBC contributor
welcome thanks for having me thanks for
being here we'll get to you and you're
also here later in the show so that's a
plug for later Lawrence when you look at
that drama it seemed to be the kind that
senators struggled to understand what
were you thinking
well when Pat Leahy who's been in the
Senate for decades says it's
unprecedented it's unprecedent yeah I
was watching it at home live and live
tweeting it as soon as we got to 931 I
knew
there was a very serious problem because
this was a scheduled vote in that
committee by chuck Grassley at 9:30 they
were all physically present some of them
so the center's are out there on the
panel and the rest were in the
conference from very large conference
room that's right behind the Chairman's
seat and so when 9:31 came and we'd gone
a minute past Grassley's deadline there
was very clearly a serious problem going
on there because they when they're all
physically there you can just call for
the vote immediately and the other thing
that was quite striking about it is the
room had been silent for about 40
minutes before that Grassley was rushing
speakers at a certain point he was
pushing Cory Booker to finish because I
want to let everyone speak before the
9:30 deadline and then the room went
silent and no one is saying anything and
you could you could watch the grim faces
of Lindsey Graham and Orrin Hatch and
chuck Grassley sitting there helpless
doing absolutely nothing and what that
means is there's something going on in
the conference room and the people you
see out here cannot help in other words
whatever that problem is that problem
will not listen to chuck Grassley will
not listen to Orrin Hatch and will not
listen to Lindsey Graham and it turns
out it's Chris Coons longtime friend of
Jeff Flake who's back there negotiating
the formula that we are now going to
move under for the next week yeah and
people like me and sometimes even people
like you are accused of dramatizing
what's going on down there oh boy this
was this is the future of the Supreme
Court an open national debate over how
to adjudicate these claims of misconduct
and it all comes down to as you just put
it those two people who aren't on the
stage and then I'm gonna play this we
play this earlier night I want people to
see it again with your analysis the hot
mic which we don't usually get as fight
signs literally saying to Grassley will
agree to what take a look right
it's argue is it gonna happen forgetting
you
what Diane Franklin was pushing for was
that the committee actually formally
vote on what would have been a
resolution of some kind to support what
what Jeff Flake was saying and Chuck
read me I Pro yeah Chuck Grassley wanted
to hit that gavel as fast as possible
and he used a rule that they never use
it's the so-called two hour rule which
means a committee cannot stay in
business two hours after the Senate
floor goes into session okay now that
rule is almost never enforced right and
when committees are doing it they can
get permission for an exception but no
one there was gonna force him to do that
I've never seen a chairman and forced
that rule on himself which is what you
just saw they he wanted this to be I
mean we have a one-hour rule that
hardball starts after one hour goes to
Rachel but but this to our rules you say
was also Chuck Grassley being smart
about getting out of a situation where
and this would have been a shocker with
what we saw yesterday where it seemed
that some of the leaders in both parties
at least on the committee not McConnell
who we just saw but Grassley flake and
the Democrats said actually we can all
live with this for a moment together
well if someone whose job is to hold
public officials responsible I loved
seeing this play out frankly too wet
today because I think it gave the
American people a chance to really
understand the impact of their vote for
individual members of Congress you saw
really the human element who these
people are that are making these
decisions they're human they're flawed
and they can be held responsible you
know it's not just you know random
people we don't know in the back of a
room these are these are people who are
elected representatives could you speak
to what we call process that sometimes
sounds boring but can be super important
which is there may be people out there
in the country who haven't decided what
Brett Kavanaugh did they're not sure and
that Jeff Flake took a position that
exists on a spectrum between he did
something terrible and he did nothing
right there's a spectrum Jeff Flake seem
to occupy this rare position in
Washington of maybe we need to know more
for real about what he did before we can
do more right and you know what was
interesting is that you know senator
flake before he made that decision he
was actually confronted earlier in the
day by by two women which we showed some
of that exactly Maria Gallagher and I
believe Anna Maria Aquila I apologize if
I didn't get that last name correct but
these women confronted him in an
elevator on camera and they said you
know we told you about our sexual
assaults and how are you still going to
put a man who's accused of sexual
assault on on the Supreme Court and I
think that was such a human moment you
could see Jeff Flake when he was
actually talking later he was sweating I
mean this man was under a lot of
pressure and I think you know there are
varying views about whether he did the
right thing or not but I do think it did
it was a small human moment of someone
who it appeared was trying to do the
right thing we'll see how this goes from
here well I have no doubt Jeff Flake was
trying to do the right thing and I have
reason to doubt that there's no other
Republican senator who would have done
that you know they have senators only
elevators in those buildings yes so that
senators can walk on two elevators and
never be bothered by people like Maria
Gallagher who kept that door open and
kept talking to him for the longest time
and remember you what you saw her saying
to him look me in the eye look me in the
eye when I'm talking to you and what did
Jeff Flake do he looked her in the eye
now I don't know if there's another
Republican senator who just would have
pressed closed on those senator only
elevator doors and just closed that door
he looked her in the eye he took that in
and the reason that the United States
Senate is so unique is the power of one
if you can get one United States Senator
or one United States Senator is moved
for whatever reason to stand up that
Senator can usually change what's
happening that day the power of one is
extraordinary in the Senate what we also
saw was the power of that one citizens
voice at the elevator door two of them
in this case actually but they got
through to a United States Senator
proving the
value of physically being right proving
the value of every contact that every
citizens ever tried to make with us on I
think both of you are speaking to what
may be some kind of silver lining here
the people have been so rightfully
outraged and sad over the course of
yesterday in many aspects of this but
the fact that a lot of things are
dispiriting doesn't mean nothing works
if as you put it one citizen one elected
official can actually move everything
and no one knows anyone predicting where
it goes next is maybe a grand icing but
doesn't really know hey I'm already
Melbourne from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
