his testimony yesterday judge Brett
Kavanaugh struck a tone of righteous
indignation don't you think so
accusing the Democrats of orchestrating
a political hit job on him under
questioning appeared peeved and petulant
when Democrats pressed him for details
about his past are you're saying there's
never been a case where you drank so
much that you didn't remember what
happened the night before a part of what
happened that's you're asking about yeah
blackout I don't know have you could you
answer the question judge I just so you
that's not happened is that your answer
yeah and I'm curious if you have I have
no drinking problems the sweat Nick
thing is a joke that is a farce would
you like to say more about it no I was
number one in the class
I'm gonna talk about my high school
record if you're gonna sit here and mock
me
did the word Ralph you used our unity
answer question if you're relate to
alcohol I like for that I like beer I
don't know if you like beer senator and
what do you like that your next one is
senator what are you good I welcome
whatever the committee wants to do cuz
I'm telling the truth I want to know
what you wanted I I'm telling it I want
to know what you want to do innocent I'm
innocent of this charge then you're
prepared for an FBI investigate on
treats conclusions you reach the
conclusion they do investigate questions
well today the ranking Democrat initiate
committee Senator Dianne Feinstein of
California described cabinet's behavior
as aggressive and belligerent saying
that I've never seen a nominee for any
position behave in that manner we're
joined right now is Nina Totenberg legal
affairs correspondent for National
Public Radio and Pramila Jaya Paul was
our Democratic congressman from the
state of Washington and in fact from
Seattle which is very important let's go
on you're the expert I need a you've had
fights with Senator Simpson you've got a
history of what temperaments all about
in your days very useful look I didn't
think that judge Kavanaugh was a good
witness
and the reason he wasn't wasn't a good
witness was I'm not saying that he that
he's guilty as charged but he was
unhinged I mean I he as you you picked
and chose the cuts yes but there there
was more of that than there was of
anything thoughtful or there was some
tearful but there was more rage there
than anything else I mean if you had a
boss who acted like that no matter what
the circumstances were you would run for
the exit yeah it was almost like scenes
from a few good manner bad guy just
shows it off in perfect form when
they're yelling at each other
yeah I mean the crazy thing is he spent
a lot of time in the earlier hearings
trying to project sort of this deeply
serious grounded judicial temperament
and it all fell away lastly yesterday
during the during those those hearings
he became belligerent abusive defiant
defensive you know not righteous
indignation but actually self-righteous
denigration was what I felt like we were
hearing and I think he lost do you think
he felt that he had already lost he
might as well say what he felt I think
that might have been part of it but I
will tell you I got a lot of calls from
constituents today and emails from
constituents who were horrified at that
piece they were saying look we were
horrified to start with with the
allegations of assault but this piece
around temperament is really critical we
want somebody on the Supreme Court who
is going to be able to be fair and this
man doesn't he looks unhinged as Nita
said he does not look like he didn't hit
me as Anthony Kennedy
anyway Cavanaugh also engaged in some
conspiratorial thinking
blaming the emergence of the allegations
against him on left-wing activists who
are seeking revenge on behalf of the
Clintons this whole two-week effort has
been a calculated and orchestrated
political hit fueled with a parent
pent-up anger about President Trump and
the 2016 election
fear that has been unfairly stoked about
my judicial record revenge on behalf of
the Clintons and millions of dollars in
money from outside left-wing opposition
groups and you know where's the facts on
that are there any facts of a big I know
that there are a lot of activism there
are a lot of actors who are opposed to
his nomination there have been some ads
probably hundreds of thousands of
dollars worth of ads but not as many as
the millions of dollars of ads that have
supported him or that we for that matter
run by conservatives against marriage
still running today yes they're still
running today but the point is that I've
never seen a nominee for any judicial
position or any position and he be so
overtly partisan he said repeatedly I
wrote this myself I hope he didn't I
hope this is it's a new didn't use here
in his voice both of you the voice of a
former White House staffer a guy who
really worked his way up the political
ladder not so much traditional at her he
comes from that world he does he does
though I heard as I was in that world
I'm not not gonna yeah I was in the
party and then bushy in yes and you know
there were times when I felt like I was
listening to the voice of a
three-year-old I like beer I mean it is
a it is a like spirit judicial nominee
to that you're a politician why would a
guy say maybe ten times in a hearing
about his belligerence under the
influence of alcohol keep saying I like
I think he was trying to appeal to a
certain group of voters across the
country the base jokes like space I mean
I think that was part of it and I think
that's fair you know why else would he
say that over and over again he's not
pretending that I've never drunk beer
and and so I think it's a fair thing to
say look I like beer I probably drank
too much beer in high school
occasionally but I didn't do this
that's not he went way beyond that yeah
he actually though I would say he has
actually tried to deny over and over
again that he was you
that he liked beer a lot I mean he's
gone back and forth in his life sorry
that we were talking about that Saturday
live it's going to the bank with this
guy I mean they're gonna have a witness
stand with a beer next to him probably a
big Stein Thank You Nina Toby you're a
pro best and the acongress formula jaya
of the great city of seattle
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
