Casey what a day I mean I think he
started today saying he's gonna vote I
to get it out of committee and then a
lot of things happen that tell me how
the sequence worked that led to this
overtime in the game if you will Chris
it was really remarkable I mean we in
the morning got this statement from Jeff
Flake that said I'm gonna vote for judge
Cavanaugh and we all thought you know
that was potentially that that was
potentially gonna put more pressure on
these other Republican senators who were
still on the fence we thought the
hearing was going to go forward the mood
was going to remain contentious everyone
at each other's throats and then
something changed that hallway at that
elevator encounter that you showed with
Jeff Flake happened as he was way on his
way to the committee room when he got to
the committee room his after his
statement had broken reporters told
Chris Coons who's a friend of flakes
that the statement had been put out and
Koons became visibly emotional he he's
not a guy who typically swears he used
swear words but in in a tone that was
more sad than angry and that was what
preceded what then played out in the
hearing room and remember they were in
there for hours
started at 9:30 we didn't have an
outcome until after 1:30 and this was
about Chris and I hope you'll indulge me
for just a second this was about a
personal relationship between two people
who have served together in the Senate
it it was with the cameras off and it
was because they trusted each other that
Jeff Flake could trust what senator
Coons was saying and that kind of an
interaction that kind of trust that has
been missing from the Senate and from
the Congress more broadly and that is
what is breaking it and if you think
about the outside political forces and
we've seen a lot of this this week the
political tribalism the way the base is
in each party enforce the codes that
they have and I am interested to see
what kind of reception Coons and flake
receive from people on their respective
sides over the course of the next week
that is forcing people to never do
things like this instead you have people
I mean Susan Collins has you know how to
get driven out of the Capitol tonight in
a police car because there are people
who have been threatening her in a way
that makes her feel very uncomfortable
this is a moment in our politics where
people have to decide what kind of
people do you want running this country
do you want people doing what Jeff Flake
and Senator
did today or do you want people acting
differently and I think really it's
something that we're all gonna have to
grapple with as this process unfolds
okay so I can hear in your voice your
concern on our republic but not just as
a reporter and I agree completely I hope
this does turn the tide against this in
the evil instability that's going on
because I think it does meet some of the
demands of the people who criticize this
nomination
the FBI is a pretty good organization
with a lot of resources they can debt a
lot done in a week thank you very much
for that reporting with Hart
Casey hunt thing let's go to Michelle
Goldberg who's written beautifully about
this with passion do you think this will
begin I mean I do I'll make the case the
FBI's got a lot of people they can put
50 people down to Rehoboth or Dewey
beats whatever the hell it is down there
and find this character and they can get
them on the record I don't care what if
they spend enough time with them the
same with all the people that may have
been at the party over in Chevy Chase
area all of you may have been there all
the people that made this woman who went
to high school in Gaithersburg what she
has to say the woman up in New York
Ramirez who said something awful happen
with her in him one night
it does seem they've got the firepower
the candle power to find out a good
percentage of the truth about this guy
your thoughts Michelle you wrote
beautiful today I mean I think I think
that's right and I think that that's why
this came as I mean this came as a
profound relief to me because what
Christine Blasi Ford what the Democrats
have been asking for has not been that
radical right they've been asking for an
FBI investigation they've been asking
for at least the at least a process as
decent as Anita Hill got which is now
remembered as a national shame and so I
think that yes there are a lot of leads
it's been crazy the way yesterday was
presented as he said she said when by
all acknowledgments there is another
witness another witness that Christine
Blasi for it identified as being in the
room two wanted to be subpoenaed wanted
the FBI to interview and people are
asking acting like as if that there is
no way to get at the truth of what
happened 36 years ago when as you said
there are a lot of different leads that
you can follow and that's what she's
been asking for all along and following
up with that me show it seems like it's
not who hard to crack the case made by
the nominee first of all if there was a
party he will deny
no he was there and he denies it well
that's a problem if he is shown to be in
public a man who drinks too much and
gets belligerent and he said oh I'd
hardly drink it all I have a few beers
he kept saying I like beer it seems to
me that he can be caught in a perjury
trap pretty easily if the FBI goes out
there and really does the job well to me
one of the questions going forward is if
they don't actually find anything
definitive on the sexual assault and we
don't know if they will whether it will
matter the sort of smaller lies that he
told while he was testifying two small
rings that are almost definitely I mean
he was almost certainly dishonest about
his drinking record you know stalking
about how he had never blacked out when
many classmates say otherwise he seemed
to have been dishonest about the meaning
of certain kind of sexual innuendos in
his yearbook certain slang in his
yearbook there was plenty of times when
he could have just been a little bit
Frank and you know maybe admitted that
he used that he was a jerky high school
student and instead he put forward this
image as a choirboy I have a feeling
that all of that it's gonna be shown
pretty quickly to be untrue the question
is whether any of that will be
definitive when the Senate finally votes
on this a hard line to defend choirboy
anyway two women have accused Brett
cabin on his friend mark judge of sexual
misconduct of course I think it's a
stronger with the misconduct here at
parties when they were younger well
yesterday under oath dr. Ford accused
Cavanaugh of assaulting her while judge
looked on an allegation he's denied and
as a central figure mr. judge was never
called the testify to speak to the FBI
not yet well I think he's going to have
his day dr. Boyd was asked if she would
like to see that happen
would you like Mark judge to be
interviewed in connection with the
background investigation and the serious
credible allegations that you've made
that would be my preference I'm not sure
it's really up to me but I certainly
would feel like I could be more helpful
to everyone if I knew the date that he
worked at the Safeway so that I could
give a better more specific date of the
assault well with the investigation
reopened now as of today judge through
his lawyers said he would cooperate with
any other law enforcement agency there's
assigned to confidentially investigate
these allegations Paul Butler what does
that mean it seems to me he's a figure
in this case a possible witness a
possible perp if you will and he's
saying I want to be confidential yeah
that's not going to happen so the bureau
will do 302s that will go to all of the
signatures in to the president the once
they're completed yes so the FBI is
going to be looking at witnesses at
corroborating information and assessing
the credibility of Cavanaugh with
witnesses you have someone you never
have in a sexual assault case you have
an eyewitness they have to talk to mark
judge
yes his lawyer has submitted a letter
but when you're sitting in a room with
two or three law enforcement agents
skilled in the art of interrogation
that's a different story
corroborating evidence dr. Ford has a
very specific memory of the house its
layout the rooms she says she doesn't
know the address
FBI agents will drive her around the
neighborhood to see if she can locate it
and as Michelle alluded to whether he is
credible whether Judge Cavanaugh has
told the truth under oath to the Senate
among other things he said he'd never
been to any party like the one that dr.
Ford described I don't think anybody
believes that again when the Senate is
confronted with FBI statements about
little lies that thought that Judge
Cavanaugh told time after time they will
have a decision to make what about the
woman who was at the party downstairs
another witness to the occasion who
would remember the occasion I'd I think
again there's literally a lot of people
who they could talk to including people
have come up with the other
investigations because they have there
were the other allegations because they
have consistent statements so for
example Michael a vanadis client he says
that yes this was a man who was
frequently drunk and he watched a woman
be being sexually assaulted
um I'm sorry I'm mark judge girlfriend
during college has the same story she
doesn't place judge Cavanaugh there but
she said mark judge told her about an
experience that he had when he was in
college or a high school in which a
woman was sexually assaulted
with a bunch of guys watching the FBI
has enough people to do this quickly
right yeah one asking Chris they have
lie-detector test
and guess what the DC Circuit and 2016
decided a case which someone was
complaining about law enforcement using
lie-detector test they what they said it
wasn't credible the DC Circuit's that
they're credible for law enforcement
agents to use in criminal investigations
and background checks the guy who wrote
that opinion his name is judge Cavanaugh
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
