first to you Kelly O'Donnell this is a
rare reversal from a president who
doesn't like to reverse himself it does
though say that hat it does this
investigation needs to be limited in
scope can you define that for us what
does he mean by that
a reversal brought on by necessity
without sufficient votes there would be
no Cavanaugh confirmation to the Supreme
Court so this is a decision made by the
president under the pressure of today's
reality in the Senate limited in scope
would suggest based on the description
provided by Jeff Flake who got this ball
rolling earlier in the day the retiring
Arizona senator that it would deal with
the issues that are currently in the
public conversation that of course would
include Christine Blasi Ford who
provided testimony it might also include
other allegations that were to a lesser
extent a part of the very long day of
congressional hearing before the Senate
Judiciary Committee yesterday for dr.
Ford as well as judge Brett Kavanaugh
limited in time the president says must
be done in less than a week many people
have pointed back to the 1991 standard
of three days used in the Anita Hill
case perhaps we'll see something in that
range of time depending on what is
involved for the FBI an attorney for
mark judge who was the high school
friend of Brett Kavanaugh put out a
statement today in addition in his name
a letter refuting some of the
allegations made by attorney Michael
avenatti on behalf of a client Julie
sweat Nick who is the woman who alleged
that there was group activity in which
judge and Kavanagh participated with
criminal behavior in the sexual
misconduct realm so what I've been able
to observe here at the White House just
spotted chief of staff John Kelly and
his deputy moving from Sarah Huckabee
Sanders office with the team that has
been handling the confirmation process a
lot of moving back and forth of course
this this is what they do these are
their offices but you certainly had a
sense of some building pressure toward a
decision being made public also I had
been told by an official in response to
the fact that Chuck Grassley the
chairman of the Senate Judiciary
Committee had also recommended this so
the dominoes began falling today
time when the committee was to vote we
saw the interaction between flake and
getting the colleagues of both parties
to support his pause idea and then of
course in a matter of hours we have gone
to the unexpected place of president
frump reversing course asking for this
background check expansion reopening and
Brett Kavanaugh putting out a statement
himself saying he has been answering
questions submitting to all of the
various scrutiny coming through this
process hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me a
favor subscribe by clicking on that
button down there click on any of the
videos to watch the latest interviews
and highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC
you get more be two press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
