yeah so let's get some clarity from
Casey hunt on what Senator Murkowski has
said or indicated okay thank you right
Ally and I just do want to be clear
Katie's right that they're not saying
that they're gonna vote no on Kavanagh
they have or excuse me that they that
that's exactly that they've made up
their minds that that's their decision
and Jeff Flake had said earlier today
that he was in fact gonna vote yes and
he supported him in the committee that's
absolutely true
however senators do have a lot of tools
at their disposal that can influence
what Mitch McConnell is able to do Mitch
McConnell has unlimited basically
control now of the floor of the Senate
as the Republican leader with a
basically decimated filibuster in the
context of nominees but not if he
doesn't have a majority any single
senator can stand in the way when we
think of a filibuster you think mr.
Smith goes to Washington people down
there on the Senate floor that's not
actually how it's played out in recent
years it's simply a matter of one
senator sticks their hand up in the air
and says I'm sorry I'm not going along
with that and so Makaha flake and
Murkowski together by removing those
fifty votes from and that universal
support in the conference for what
McConnell wants to do with the floor is
actually a pretty significant roadblock
so even if the president comes back and
says I'm not doing it they could still
dig in and prevent him from holding this
vote on Saturday it's it's I realize
it's really complicated and down into
the weeds but there is kind of a little
bit of an important middle ground here
where we want to be clear that they do
have not only leverage but also some
power over how this plays I didn't have
that correct Casey and I'm not I'm not
contradicting you when you're saying
that but my question is do you take
stock and they're not being very
specific language used when Jeff Flake
has asked will you vote no if there's no
FBI investigation that's not a question
that he has yet answered so I'm just
looking at the words here right I think
we're back to where we were this morning
before he put out that statement where
now he has a condition on his vote which
means that we haven't satisfied the
condition he won't answer the question
we don't know where he stands and we
should also just remind everybody that
Murkowski and Collins who are still our
key
all doubts have not said how they're
going to vote in in any event and we
should also underscore we're still
waiting here from Collins on whether or
not she supports flake and this demand
for a delay but of course it was
strongly suggested in the hearing that
she was so yeah we have no guarantees on
how they might vote but we are you know
still in this undecided area
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
