for the second straight day all eyes are
on room 226 in the Dirksen Senate office
building that is where the Judiciary
Committee will be gathering at 9:30 and
we will be bringing that to you live we
were expecting all senators may want an
opportunity to speak but we are not sure
if that's going to happen before or
after Cavanaugh is confirmation no
matter what the results are it will
still go to the full Senate for a vote
perhaps as early as next Tuesday so why
does today's vote matter so much but
there's even one one Republican
defection in committee could cause big
trouble in the Senate as well since the
Republicans can only afford one no vote
assuming all Democrats vote in
opposition all of this comes on the
heels of Thursday's extraordinary and
emotional nine hour hearing at its core
the hearing was meant to shed some light
on dr. Christine glassy Ford's
allegations that Brett Kavanaugh
sexually assaulted her in the summer of
1982 but over the course of the day the
hearing exposed the rocky and very
uncomfortable evolution of a cultural
debate covering everything from the me2
movement and the changing nature of
male-female relationships to the extreme
partisanship tribalism that has come to
define our national politics and caught
in the middle or to people
to families really whose lives will
never ever be the same the details that
about that night that bring me here
today are the ones I will never forget
they have been seared into my memory
and have haunted me episodically as an
adult dr. Ford with what degree of
certainty do you believe Brett Kavanaugh
assaulted you 100% what you are telling
us is this could not be a case of
mistaken identity absolutely not
none of these allegations are true
correct no doubt in your mind zero I'm a
hundred percent certain not even a
scintilla not a scintilla a hundred
percent certain senator you swear to God
I swear to God
Senate Republicans met to discuss the
testimony after the hearing but key
members of their caucus they're still on
the fence the most important may be the
retiring Jeff Flake Republican from
Arizona and the swing vote on the
Judiciary Committee and here's what he
said last night
leave with the doubts
whichever way that's the nature of this
there's nowhere you can leave
Circle
that
Wheatly right he's right she's wrong
she's right he's wrong my name is
you're never certain just do the best
you can that's what we're trying to do
after the hearing flake met with fellow
Republicans susan collins and lisa
murkowski
as well as West Virginia Democrat Joe
Manchin as of now all of their votes are
up in the air remember if a Democrat
like Manchin votes yes that gives
Republicans more margin for error one
senator who was previously thought to be
on the fence bob Corker now says he will
support Cavanaugh as confirmation and
here's what he said last night I sat
today in my office and listened to every
word of the testimony and I thought both
were compelling but I just didn't feel
like that the the allegations were
cooperated I think there will be a
motion to proceed both on Saturday
around noon and I plan to support that
and plan to support his nomination of
course there is one other possibility
here the American Bar Association wrote
a letter to the Judiciary Committee late
last night asking for them to delay the
confirmation vote so that the FBI can
carry out an investigation into the
sexual misconduct allegations quote each
appointment to our nation's highest
court as with all others is simply too
important to rush to a vote deciding to
proceed without conducting an additional
investigation would not only have a
lasting impact on the Senate's
reputation but it will also negatively
affect the great trust necessary for the
American people to have in the Supreme
Court
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
