tomorrow the global citizen festival
returns to Central Park here on York
among those taking the stage this year
Janet Jackson the weekend Shawn mouths
your favorite jo cardi B know I'm a car
guy and Janelle Monae along with a
special guest performance by the great
John Legend how it all exclusively on
MSNBC it starts at three o'clock Eastern
that's tomorrow very nice now one of
this year's co-hosts of the broadcast
NBC News correspondent Jacob Soboroff
also with us from the Malala fund
Tess Thomas an executive vice president
of global public affairs for City ed
Skyler this year's festival is presented
by Citi which has been a proud partner
of a global citizen festival since its
inception and a sponsor of our coverage
on MSNBC good morning to you all welcome
Laurie thank you so Tess what can we
expect tomorrow beyond people they love
the headliners they love the music
that's the funny part what's that day
really about for you yeah so we're
really excited one of koala funds go
Makai champions named Heba homsy is here
from Lebanon she's going to be sharing
about her work supporting Syrian refugee
girls education and so I'm really
excited for her to share those powerful
stories of the girls she works with and
what are we looking at I'm not
performing yeah I was thinking about it
I was thinking about purple velvet
you're not doing that no you hadn't left
that at home it's gonna be a great show
joy Reed's gonna be out there rml but
it's gonna be out there Chris days is
gonna be out there and Savannah cellars
will be out in the crowd it's all about
eliminating global poverty by 2030 it's
a huge tens of thousands of people will
be out there in Central Park and it's
it's really certain I think I was out
there last year and were you out there
last year yeah it's a great event and
you know for us it goes it's a great
concert but it's what's important for us
is it's not just slapping the logo on a
great event as great as it is it's
really about trying to achieve the UN
sustainable development goals which from
a business perspective we're totally
aligned within you know whether it's our
environment then all sustainability
financing or a hundred billion dollar
commitment our work in gender equity
where our CEO just gave managers
resources to make sure we can eliminate
a pay gap we eliminate between
women in our philanthropy where we try
to help a half million people who avoid
connect with job opportunities so when
you look at each of the SDGs or TOI
aligned with them and a lot of fun is an
amazing client of ours so we're really
so there's a lot of synergy here okay
not just between each of you and global
citizen and what we're doing but
literally all across the board
absolutely I mean for us who we do
business with is important reflection as
much as who we fund from the
philanthropic perspective and frankly it
shows you a much more character of the
company than you who you can write a
check to we're very proud that were to
be supporting while a fun-filled
probably as well in the future but and
let me tell you guys there last year was
the moment remember Stevie Wonder took a
knee you know sort of an honor of colin
kaepernick these things always seem to
happen at a moment in time where we need
everybody to come together so after
yesterday I just know that something
special is gonna happen out there and
Tess I'm sure that you guys feel the
same way yeah we're so excited so are
you gonna be dancing in the front row
head I see it well the problem with Vivi
in the front row are people like at the
tog I get down nobody ever wants to see
I don't realize about global citizen
when you watch tomorrow you'll see that
huge crowd out there you can't buy a
ticket to it it's free you've got a it's
free but you've got to earn your way to
the show and so what you do is there are
these actions I mean there's all kinds
of actions but again they're all
targeted towards doing things that
eliminate global poverty by 2030 so
eliminating plastic water bottle used
and all of these things are things that
you can actually participate in and do
when you're out there in Central Park
it's it's to be out there with out with
tens of thousands of people you never
really have that opportunity to be out
there in Central Park and to be able to
do it for free get a free ticket and to
do it all in this app it's it's really
really fun and how exciting weekend that
it again focusing on the economic
empowerment of women and girls in this
me to age and something you were talking
about last night 92nd Street Y me too
and women's empowerment extends to other
things as well including economic
empowerment make sure women here and
across the globe full value and I think
this is so fun and addicts and in
in a way that is sort of collaborative
musical artistic sending a message to
women that their voices will be heard
yeah and it's Jake points out the sea
doesn't give a lot of permits for
concerts in the Great Lawn in Central
Park and so the fact that the city in
New York City under Mayor Bloomberg and
now mayor de Blasio has embraced this
event to draw attention during UN Week
shows what how New Yorkers feel about it
as well all right we're gonna be
watching ahead cut rug yes back he was
my boss when he was the press secretary
for Mayor Bloomberg it's a fun day looks
like good weather tomorrow but it's
critical the global citizen festival
airs exclusively
tomorrow on MSNBC it begins at 3:00 p.m.
Eastern you also can listen in on your
local i heart radio station and stream
directly on the i heart radio app jacob
FS thank you far tomorrow when you're
watching thank you very much thanks for
checking out MSNBC on youtube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
