this whole 2-week effort has been a
calculated and orchestrated political
hit fueled with a parent pent-up anger
about President Trump and the 2016
election fear that has been unfairly
stoked about my judicial record revenge
on behalf of the Clintons and millions
of dollars in money from outside
left-wing opposition groups this is a
circus I'll point out to you that Judge
justice now Neal Gorsuch was nominated
by this president he was considered by
this body just last year I did a rough
kind of analysis of similarities you
both attended Georgetown Prep you both
attended very prestigious law schools
you both clerked for Justice Kennedy you
were both circuit judges you were both
nominated to the Supreme Court
you were both questioned about your
record the only difference is that you
have been accused of sexual assault how
do you reconcile your statement about a
conspiracy against you with the
treatment of someone who was before this
body not very long ago I explained that
in my opening statement senator look at
the the evidence here the the calendars
look at the witness statements look at
mr. Kyser statement Wow joining us now
general counsel and policy director for
the judicial crisis network carries of
Reno the nonprofit has raised
significant funds in favor of
Cavanaugh's confirmation process thank
you very much for being on this morning
Kerry thanks for being here if you were
watching most of the networks but even
Fox News it was a tale of two hearings
after dr. Ford you had a lot of people
be Bret Baier or britt hume or of course
chris wallace talking about what a
persuasive what a persuasive witness dr.
Ford was and then after judge Kavanagh
they said the same thing in the
today are you still supportive and
there's your group still just as
supportive of judge Cavanaugh as you
were at the beginning of the day
oh absolutely what we saw obviously was
very compelling and heartfelt testimony
from both of them the experience dr.
Ford describes this awful but anyone
who's outraged about that really should
be outraged particularly at the behavior
of the Senate Democrats that came
through several times I obviously
senator Feinstein denied being the one
who orchestrated the leak of her
documents that put has put dr. Ford
Judge Cavanaugh and really all of us
through through such a difficult process
here but we know we know that that would
that was in the hands of just a handful
of Senate and House Democrats so that
seems to be the source of that leak
that's disgraceful and it's and it's
very discouraging to see at the end of
the day we still don't have any
corroboration of her events though
eyewitnesses she put there say they
don't remember this party you're her
lifelong friend even though she's
supportive of dr. Ford says I don't
think I even know Brett Kavanaugh I
don't think I was ever at a party with
him we end of the day it kind of with
more questions than we began it in terms
of that because there are a few
different details also that shifted
which isn't surprising after 36 years of
memory I think at the end of the day the
senators kind of have one clear choice
and it's are you going to engage in in
supporting a vicious campaign on the
part of some Democrats or are you going
to vote to confirm one of the one of the
most highly qualified and respected
judges in the nation you carry its will
it guys good to see you this morning you
said you found dr. Ford to be a
compelling witness after hearing her
testify yesterday do you believe she
suffered a sexual assault I think she
may well have I just think the evidence
points the fact that it was not Brett
Kavanaugh who was involved and do you
believe when she says there was 100%
when she was pressed that was Brett
Kavanaugh there was no mistake in her
mind why don't you believe her on that
part of it I think she I think she is
very confident in her own mind but we
know that with time and and with frankly
some of the same the same impacts of
trauma that she just herself described
it can be it can be hard to be accurate
we we all know this you know the
the eyewitness testimony at trials even
from people who are outside and watching
from you know a car crash can be
difficult to trace down there's a lot of
a lot of literature on that so I think
we have to look at the outside
corroborating evidence
there isn't much contemporaneous
evidence and the people that she points
to as being there don't support that
story I think when you have an
uncorroborated allegation like this and
that's the only weight you have it's an
appropriate appropriate to then take
that and destroy a man's reputation that
he's built up over so many years of
public service went on his side you have
dozens of people who say this isn't
anything like the Brett Kavanaugh we
knew through high school and the decades
thereafter so are you in the camp then
carry that it may well have been Brett
Kavanaugh but you need to see more
evidence before you decide well I know I
don't think the evidence all of the
evidence points to the fact that it
wasn't so I think by the FBI say III
think it would have been helpful I
suppose to interview these these
witnesses beforehand by the FBI when who
said that senator Feinstein received
this that would have unquestionably have
been the correct result hand it to them
just like senator Biden did however the
reason we sequester a jury for example
is so that you don't have them impacted
by the media frenzy surrounding a major
trial you have the witnesses outside of
the room while they're testifying for
example in a trial so that you don't
have them affecting you and tainting
each other's testimony that's all been
blown up now because the Democrats
whether it's senator Feinstein's office
chairman at shoes off show or
congressman Ash's office we don't know
who they decided to go straight to the
media with this instead of taking the
proper steps there's no way to put the
genie back in that bottle Joyce hey
Kerry it's Joyce Vance you've talked a
little bit about areas where you would
have liked to have had some additional
information available but said that you
have a process concern so why do we have
to hear to this to day or one day
deadline when we're looking at someone
will who will have life tenure on the
Supreme Court why shouldn't we take the
time to have an FBI investigation and
get this right or as right as possible
this isn't a one or two-day deadline
we've had this for almost two weeks now
the Senate Judiciary Committee has been
perform
investigation doing exactly the same
types of interviews that the FBI would
do the Senate Democrats have had the
opportunity to participate in some cases
they've even been on the same calls and
refused to ask questions out of spite I
suppose because they they keep on saying
only the FBI can ask questions no
senators this is your job as advice and
consent the confidentiality that the FBI
provides that's not needed now the same
penalties apply is if the if this
investigation were committed under
penalty of perjury and you can ask them
why haven't they talked to my judge they
have they have spoken to him twice
they've received two different
statements from him again under Ellie's
challenge in getting a statement why
haven't they gone out and cross-examined
em if they can do the same thing that
the FBI can do the Senate Democrats were
welcome to do that this is a process
that's open to both sides
they have boycotted the investigation
process even while claiming in the media
they wanted an investigation that is
very disingenuous they can get could
apena for judge and you can totally have
power of subpoena right now I understand
I'm not sure about how the subpoenas
work but I certainly know that all of
the people they've invested I know
they've been interviewed judge Cavanaugh
several times I think they could have if
they if the Democrats had wanted to I
believe they could have asked to
interview judge as well but they have
simply said we don't want to participate
in this process only the FBI can do it
they know that's not true
and if you look at what senator Biden
said back at justice Thomas's hearings
the FBI doesn't make the credibility
judgments that are so important to this
they don't try to decide the weight of
the evidence they simply effectively
take testimony that's what the Senate
junior committee has been doing all week
the Senators now have to decide what to
do with that testimony carries Severino
thank you very much for being on the
show this morning good thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
