denim back well yesterday members of the
Trump administration insisted that there
is evidence that Middle Easterners are
among that caravan of migrants headed
toward the u.s. from Central America
that sounds right Middle Easterners huh
and then the president undercut those
very claims and admitted he had no proof
sir the president have credible evidence
that Middle Easterners are in this
Caravan absolutely we have and we know
that this is a continuing problem where
is the evidence if any well it's
inconceivable that there are not people
of Middle Eastern descent in a crowd of
more than 7,000 people in the caravan
they could very well be but there's no
proof there's no proof of anything
there's no proof of anything but they
could very well be oh my god it's very
existence nothing is real and nothing to
get hung about strawberry fields forever
there's no proof of anything well
actually there is proof of some things
Jon Meacham there is proof and we have
certifiable black-and-white proof here
you know the Donald Trump makes the
biggest fools of the people who are
closer to them poor Mike Pence once
again out so sorry for I you know what
he can make a chai medium can explain to
you that when we in the South say poor
Mike Pence less his heart less is hard I
don't really mean poor Mike Pence what
I'm said well I'm gonna say it anyway
because I'm a sudden they're poor Mike
Pence he sent out to make a fool of
himself time and time again and Donald
Trump ends up after he walks way out on
that limb sawing it off and watching him
fall poor Mike Pence he's made a fool of
himself again with a lie same with Sarah
Sanders well yeah they're sort of jeez
another southern phrase they're so far
past where the bus is right
but even if you were a runaway beer
truck there's always chance for
redemption in the south they always
point that I was talking to some people
yesterday but this has anyone and that
the possible exception here is nikki
Haley and the jury's still out has
anyone benefited from being close to
this man
yes Martel key question but seriously
who who has emerged from the Trump
circle with a reputation intact or
enhanced for actual reasonable conduct
in the public square
full-stop find somebody I'm happy to
concede I know I know someone you can't
see anymore near him and that's Ivanka
because she's hiding yeah well she would
not want to be even close to anything
that he's doing right now because then
she'd be asked about it and she wouldn't
have an answer especially as it pertains
to women and children so I mean
obviously really there's I mean Dena
Powell got away with a reputation intact
and he's asking who benefit Nikki hailey
who got away from well they got away who
benefited by like going on the Titanic
it's kind of a hard list to draw why
Willy went there were a couple people
that scurried to the lifeboats and you
know got rescued I can only name two
people whose reputations haven't been
shattered at the top of the list though
of shattered reputations Mike Pence said
it before I'll say it again he will
never recover from this Donald Trump
will leave town and Mike Pence and his
reputation will go along with it I would
say there are people in the short term
John who have been elevated by having
been in the White House Sarah Sanders is
someone who now everyone knows Jared
Kushner was running a newspaper now he's
running Middle East policy doesn't mean
they haven't been tarnished by it but it
does mean that they've been elevated
musicians in this country where they
otherwise wouldn't be
but they've been elevated in the sense
we have kids roughly the same age and
the way kids are elevated when they're
in a bouncy castle right I mean it's
just it's a circus and the and I think
there's a there's a long-term issue here
which is we're gonna miss another
generation of Republican talent in the
federal government right all right
because you're not gonna it seems to me
you're first of all there aren't that
many of them actually working to govern
right and what we've seen over the last
two or three weeks is the president just
didn't really eat ejected rejecting any
pretense that he has a staff structure
so rick wilson wrote the book everything
that trump touches dies so we can which
is subtle it's kind of direct but i
think it's the way in which we parse
benefit john yeah because there's a way
in which you can leave to be elevation
but i think i think there are a lot of
folks who benefit from donald trump in
relation to their own selfish interest
sure they're all selfish needs so it's
not only the folks who work with him but
do you think about all of those folks
who disagree with his with his his
brashness his his racism but who are who
are really liking their portfolios right
now who really are benefiting from those
tax cuts and they're willing to suffer
donald trump and the circus and the
chaos around him because they're
benefiting from the presence of donald
trump and at the heart of it when we
parse benefit whether it's sarah sucko
huckabee sanders or whether whomever it
whomever works warm there's a kind of
selfishness that drives at least to me
that seems to drive why people will
tolerate someone who i think we could
describe as a philosophical nihilist
there's no proof of anything right so
that you can just make up whatever you
want to make up there's a line for the
white a trump needlepoint pillow just
can't prove anything and mica just from
one lie to another and right now the big
lie that Donald Trump is spreading is
about that Caravan that frightening
Caravan that's similar to the one we saw
in April that was going to come up
invade America that frightening Caravan
in April that all of my friends working
turned about we're calling me about and
again I can't repeat this enough it
ended up they were like eleven people
that made it to the border and tried to
cross illegally they were caught they
were sent back home nothing but fear
tactics but that's not Donald Trump it's
trying to justify the election of
Republicans and justify his first two
years with ally Donald Trump and
Republicans and the people in his White
House you knows that group of thousands
of Latin Americans keeps moving through
Mexico toward the US border President
Trump keeps talking about them and
talking and talking what a mob what a
swarm what a joke
Trump and his right-wing enablers told
us the same frightening tale Joe as you
mentioned of that April caravan do they
remember of course not because in the
end less than a dozen of that
frightening mob of a thousand actually
tried to cross our border illegally they
were caught and sent home six months
later Trump is at it again with a twist
he's now added another lie to his racist
scare tactic and that's what it is that
is totally admitted on Tuesday that he
had no evidence whatsoever to back it up
that Caravan was secretly studded with
Middle Eastern terrorists and bankrolled
by leftists that's what he said he said
that's what people in his white house
and also people in Congress were saying
that George Soros was funding this well
you heard pence after a long awkward
pause try and back it up and lie again
Sarah Huckabee Sanders once again left
with no choice but to defend the
president's bigoted lie alignment to rev
up voters who are angry over illegal
immigration in my opinion they both had
a choice but make no mistake Trump is
using these poor desperate people for
purely racially charged political
reasons not a word about the human
tragedy of biblical proportions that
caused these people to trek north from
their homes not a word
about the suffering of the children once
again Donald Trump is all about lying
about non-white people scaring white
voters and not giving a damn about
anyone except himself the question is
Joe will voters fall for it well they
fall for it you know I don't think they
will but I think more importantly
history will look back and Americans
will look back with shame that we ever
had a president like this when that
turned his back on the most basic well
not only the most basic American
concepts we defend our borders and and
we should defend our borders people
should only get in here legally but you
know what the Statue of Liberty it's
still in New York Harbor it still stands
for what makes this country great out of
many one that has been our history for
years and years for over 200 years and
yet what Donald Trump's doing is not
only anti-american I will just say this
is a guy that was raised in the Southern
Baptist Church at least based on the
Bible I read the Gospels that I read the
Good Samaritan story that I read it son
Christ like what's going on here about
using people other than yourself as
political props while their children are
suffering while while everybody is
suffering and again just using them as
political props to scare Americans
sitting comfortably in their homes
across the country thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
