this is an MSNBC special presentation
I'm here today not because I want to and
terrified this is a moment that is going
to galvanize the nation I believed he
was going to rape me hand over my mouth
stop me from yelling you wanted you have
replaced advice and consent with Search
and Destroy details about that Nate that
bring me here today are the ones I will
never forget
did you watch dr. Ford's testimony
I did not dr. Ford with what degree of
certainty
do you believe Breton Cavanaugh
assaulted
this is our special coverage of Judgment
Day in the United States Senate the
Cavanaugh confirmation hearing using our
team of NBC News reporters and MSNBC
experts to cover this story tonight
including NBC News Hallie Jackson Casey
hunt Andrea Mitchell Pete Williams Jon
Meacham Senate Judiciary Committee
expert Lisa graves and NPR's Nina
Totenberg America stopped and watched
history made today in a hearing room in
the Dirksen Senate office building when
history is made in Senate hearing rooms
it's almost always ugly history it is
almost always the investigation of
scandalous accusations that have rocked
Washington and the country and so it was
today every senator goes to Washington
hoping to make history by passing
landmark legislation preferably with
their name on it legislation that
continues to shape American life long
after they are gone but sometimes
senators are forced to make history in
ways that some of them would like to
avoid as appeared to be the case today
with the Republicans on the Senate
Judiciary Committee when they handed
over their role as questioners for more
than half of the hearing to someone who
never worked in the Senate before today
Arizona's Maricopa County sex crimes
prosecutor Rachel Mitchell took over for
every single Republican senator when
their turn came to question dr.
Christine glossy Ford about her
accusation of sexual assault against
Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh
there that has never happened in a
Senate confirmation hearing in the
history of the Senate the Senate has
never seen a hearing like the Ford
versus Cavanaugh hearing that we saw
today it was the second time in Senate
history the Supreme Court confirmation
has been knocked off course by sexual
misconduct allegations but today's
allegations are much worse than what we
heard 27 years ago when Professor Anita
Hill told the Judiciary Committee about
sexual harassment that she said Clarence
Thomas committed against her Clarence
Thomas entered those hearings with the
likely support of about 90 senators in
the end he was confirmed by a vote of 52
to 48 Brett Kavanaugh entered today's
hearing with the likely support of only
about 51 senator
and it seemed right after dr. Ford
testified today that the Cavanaugh
denomination might be a lost cause there
were reports of grim pessimism from the
White House but then Brett Kavanaugh
began his testimony with a mix of sharp
loud anger and tears and Republican
senators started to feel safe enough in
that hearing room to actually ask their
own questions most of which were
speeches in support of Brett Kavanaugh
22 witnesses testified in the Anita Hill
vs. clarence thomas hearings senators
agreed then that gathering evidence
beyond the testimony of the nominee and
one of his accusers was necessary not
today Republicans who control the
committee did not seek and would not
allow the testimony of anyone other than
dr. Ford and judge Cavanaugh and so it
was from start to finish a credibility
contest between two people some
Democrats told dr. Ford I believe you
and most Republicans essentially said
the same thing to Judge Cavanaugh it
takes 11 votes to pass Judge Cavanaugh's
nomination out of the Judiciary
Committee that vote is currently
scheduled for tomorrow morning there is
only one Republican on the Judiciary
Committee who has indicated in any way
that he might not vote for Brett
Kavanaugh only one vote is in doubt in
the committee that is Arizona's retiring
Republican Senator Jeff Flake the
Judiciary Committee has 11 Republicans
10 Democrats and so tonight the
committee vote on Brett Kavanaugh is all
up to Jeff Flake if Jeff Flake votes no
along with all of the Democrats than the
Cavanaugh nomination will be defeated in
the Judiciary Committee but that does
not mean the end of the road for Brett
Kavanaugh Majority Leader Mitch
McConnell could still bring the
nomination to the Senate floor for a
full vote even if the Judiciary
Committee has voted against recommending
that confirmation we will be reviewing
the testimony of dr. Ford and judge
Cavanaugh throughout this hour here is
some of what they had to say Brett and
Merck came into the bedroom and locked
the door behind them there was music
playing in the bedroom
it was turned up louder by either Brett
or mark once we were in the room I was
pushed on to the bed and Brett got on
top of me he began running his hands
over my body and grinding into me I
yelled hoping that someone downstairs
might hear me and I tried to get away
from him but his weight was heavy
Brett groped me and tried to take off my
clothes he had a hard time because he
was very inebriated and because I was
wearing a one-piece bathing suit
underneath my clothing I believed he was
going to rape me I was not at the party
described by dr. Ford this confirmation
process has become a national disgrace
the Constitution gives the Senate an
important role in the confirmation
process but you have replaced advice and
consent with search-and-destroy I'm here
today to tell the truth I've never
sexually assaulted anyone not in high
school not in college
not ever sexual assault is horrific
we begin with reports from Casey hunt
NBC News Capitol Hill correspondent and
host of KCC on Capitol Hill and Hallie
Jackson chief White House correspondent
for NBC News and MSNBC at the White
House tonight
Casey let's start with you I know you
managed to speak to Senator Jeff Flake
tonight the key vote on the Senate
Judiciary Committee what do we know
that's right Lawrence we know that he is
not saying right now which way he is
going to make up his mind when I spoke
to him he was visibly in turmoil he
talked a little bit about how he
couldn't decide he's right she's wrong
she's right he's wrong and how that was
he framed it really as though it was an
impossible choice
and he as you pointed out at the top of
the show is really the person who all
eyes are gonna be on tomorrow in this
committee vote because he does sit on
this committee as you know he is not
running for reelection he has been a
sharp critic of President Trump but
there are also some Democrats who've
criticized him for not taking enough
action to oppose the president so that's
going to be the vice that he's in all of
his colleagues on the one side versus
you know what what are his chances for
the future on the other and then the
other two people that we are still
closely watching and they took very
security circuitous routes out of this
Capitol tonight Lawrence I mean you have
been in this building you know that the
basement is something of a maze Lisa
Murkowski and Susan Collins actually
going across the Capitol through the
House of Representatives to avoid
reporters who are trying to find out
what they think they had met with flake
and with Senator Joe Manchin earlier in
the evening before all the Republicans
got together to talk about what to do
there were any conclusions coming out of
that meeting and I have to say the sort
of arc that you described is exactly how
the mood unfolded here on the hill in
the morning I couldn't find anybody who
thought that this wasn't going to sink
judge Cavanaugh's confirmation as dr.
Ford essentially gave a credible
emotional authentic testimony to what
she experienced but you saw an angry
Lindsey Graham come out of that first
half of the hearing into the hallways
talking very sharply and then you saw
Brett Kavanaugh and Lindsey Graham
ultimately kind of decided to dispense
with that the way that they had set up
the forum and instead take it directly
to a pretty wide audience and when he
walked in to the all Republican
Conference meeting tonight at the
Capitol he was met with loud applause
from his colleagues and I think that
really underscores to you that they have
rallied around Brett Kavanaugh so I feel
like I've said this time and time again
over the course of the last week or two
now but this really is going to come
down to these two women Republican
senators is this a moment is the
cultural moment that they're in one
where they feel like they have to make
a different decision from the vast
majority of their colleagues who right
now are prepared to vote YES on judge
Cavanaugh this is a historic decision
for them I think Jon Meacham who you're
going to talk to later on in the show
says this is the kind of decision that
dictates what people think when they
look up at your oil painting and
considering the cultural moment I think
that's weighing very heavily Lawrence
heli Jackson what's the situation at the
White House tonight well the president
Lawrence finds himself in a position
that frankly he doesn't always like
Spectator because while the president
has made very clear that he stands
behind Brett Kavanaugh that Brett
Kavanaugh is his guy that he will not in
fact walk away from this nomination
ultimately the president can give all
the support in the world and it won't
matter unless those three Republicans
the case you just talked about come on
board too and here's the problem for the
president I've had a couple of
conversations over the last 25 minutes
or so talking through some of this the
president as you know does not have a
relationship with Senator Jeff Flake
that relationship is toast right so
that's gone he does not have a
particularly positive relationship with
Susan Susan Collins or with Lisa
Murkowski it's not like he's gonna be
able to get on the phone and if he is
they frankly are not going to find that
particularly persuasive coming from
President Trump they have other
considerations that they're taking in as
they decide where they go on this front
so the president can get out there and
and this is the lever that he does have
to pull and try to persuade public
opinion by being very vocal to his base
by getting out there and tweeting like
he did about 45 seconds after that
hearing wrapped up tonight blaming
Democrats and demanding that senators
vote he can call for example Mitch
McConnell or Chuck Grassley or his
allies over on the hill and tell them
that he wants to get this done he knows
exactly what is riding on this and I'll
tell you you talk about the arc that
we've seen over the last 24 hours in
these reports of grim pessimism midway
through the day to day that's because
the people that I was talking to in and
around that room were grim and they were
pessimistic they knew that so much was
riding on judge Brett Cavanaugh's
opening statement I am told that the
president was particularly pleased with
that
that search-and-destroy line not
advising consent you can bet he took
notice so at this point the action is
really not at the White House it's down
Pennsylvania Avenue Laurens joining our
discussion now Andrea Mitchell NBC News
chief foreign affairs correspondent and
host of Andrea Mitchell reports on MSNBC
Nina Totenberg legal affairs
correspondent for NPR Andrea I know
you've seen it all in the United States
Senate and now you added another chapter
to the you've seen a tall memoir and it
really for the Senators for the audience
for the American people
it's a stomach-churning chapter because
it's a he-said she-said as it was 27
years ago there were senators who said
as Jeff Flake was saying to my colleague
Casey on they were conflicted they don't
know what to do the obvious pressure is
on those Republicans and some Democrats
from red states who will assumed would
vote to confirm because of their their
races are on the line there but the fact
that we saw the senators on the panel
going after each other
Lindsey Graham the cheers that he got
from the Republican caucus but there was
a moment there that was shocked and and
applause in the eyes and in the in the
effect of some of the Republicans but a
lot of shock because usually as you know
as a former chief of staff over there
the it's my good friend the gentleman
from such-and-such and this was none of
that and even at the at the Thomas Hill
hearings 27 years ago that I covered
there was a lot of anger but it was
never this kind of visceral breaking of
the system and the other piece of it is
that his opening statement was so fiery
and so you know exactly what the White
House clearly wanted what the president
wanted to hear we first saw a tweet from
Don junior which was the tip-off also as
to what the president was going to tweet
immediately afterwards but he broke some
China there and Nina has a better
perspective on this than I the
institutionalist that she is of the
court in its history and of the
judiciary but when he it's one thing to
come in and accuse the Democrats of
holding back covering up coming in late
but there are a couple of things he did
to bring up the Clintons and the 2016
campaign and a left-wing conspiracy in
the context of politics I know a lot of
the justices I've been around Washington
long enough the Republicans the
Democrats they socialized together
beyond the
Scalia Ginsburg relationship it's hard
to imagine if and when he is confirmed
and certainly they could well have the
votes how he fits into the conference
how he fits into their discussions
collegiality is terribly important and
he has gone political in his self
defense a measure of his pain but it was
the high-tech lynching moment that with
Clarence Thomas did turn public opinion
and the momentum in Thomas's favor and
this may well have done the same Nina
Totenberg you've covered the Supreme
Court you've seen many a Supreme Court
confirmation hearing this one was unlike
any we've seen before there are
parallels to Clarence Thomas but it is
different in so many ways your reaction
to what you saw today well this was such
a more political defense that that
Cavanaugh undertook on his own behalf
putting aside his great emotion and
passion which is to some extent
understandable if you have been falsely
accused which he maintains he has been
falsely accused that he did not do this
if this never happened but just for a
second put that aside and remember that
he's going to become if he's confirmed a
justice on the United States Supreme
Court for decades and as much as cabinet
appointments can be very political
Supreme Court nominations are political
Subrosa
the nominee isn't supposed to engage in
partisan politics but he sounded like he
was in a panic in a campaign and he in
fact said this is the revenge of the
Clintons going back I supposed to his
days working for Ken Starr investigating
President Clinton which led to his
impeachment yeah it was it was a speech
Andrew he was very proud of having
written himself I want to go to a moment
here where dr. Ford testified about
what she called the the indelible
memories of what she says happened to
her and she remained even throughout
this testimony the profession the
professional psychological clinician
that she is let's listen to this
indelible in the hippocampus is the
laughter the laugh the Prius laughter
between the two and they're having fun
at my expense you've never forgotten
that laughter never forgotten them
laughing at you they were laughing with
each other and you were the object of
the laughter I was you know underneath
one of them that while the two laughed -
friends - friends having a really good
time with one another
Andreea under that pressure in that
question of what do you remember most
she actually references the center of
the brain or that informations process
and the reaction I was on set at that
moment on the air with some our
colleagues Meeker Roca and and and Joyce
both former prosecutors and Dan Goldman
and their response as former prosecutors
was that that she was the best witness
that they could have imagined because
she was an expert witness as well as a
fact witness of what she could remember
she didn't speak beyond what she could
remember she acknowledged what she
doesn't but those former prosecutors in
some have handled these sex cases said
that she remembered the moment not
necessarily as she was being questioned
by Rachel Mitchell about what she heard
or didn't hear as she heard them talking
as they went down the steps but she
remembered very clearly the laughter and
the eye contact with mark judge and what
they could not get past in the response
was the refusal to call mark judge a
witness who was in the room which is the
first thing you would want to do let's
listen to what Jeff Flake have said
today in the hearing room and remember
he is the one possible swing vote in
the Judiciary Committee let's listen to
what he said about Dalton in the end
there's likely to be as much doubt as
certainty going out of this room today
there is doubt we'll never move beyond
that
so there's Senator flake saying there is
doubt and we will never move beyond that
let's listen what President Trump said
last week about how much doubt there
should be I feel that the Republicans
and I can speak for myself we should go
through a process because they shouldn't
even be a little doubt they shouldn't be
a doubt Nina Totenberg that goes to one
of the issues never resolved in the
Clarence Thomas hearing and that is what
is the correct standard of proof in a
situation like this President Trump
announced the standard of proof last
week should be that there is absolutely
no doubt about Brett Cavanaugh there's
no doubt about the possibility that he
did what dr. Ford says and there's Jeff
Flake saying that he will have doubt
that when this that that meaning tonight
that he has doubt about the credibility
of Brett Kavanaugh well I think Jeff
Flake is probably closer to the truth
people may retreat to their corners with
the he said and the she said but in the
end there will always be doubt among
some people and maybe even many people
and the fact is that this this hearing
today was very much actually in a grand
sense like the Clarence Thomas and Anita
Hill hearing in the sense that after the
morning I was sitting in her live on the
air with filling in for the the break
with a bunch of other observers and
journalists all of whom thought that
essentially he was toast and I reminded
them that we thought Clarence Thomas was
toast and he wasn't you can sometimes
bull your way through these things if
you're just tough enough and mean enough
and the only question I have is whether
27 years makes a enough of a difference
I mean
in those days the Democrats actually
controlled the Senate today the
Republicans control the Senate Casey
hunt Mitch McConnell has said that he
before we even got to this hearing that
he fully intended to ram this through
that was basically the way he talked
about it and tomorrow morning if Jeff
Flake were to say that he needs an FBI
investigation before he casts his vote
that could stop it in the committee
it could Laurence although the reality
is there's kind of only one scenario
whereby Jeff Flake could stand in the
way they could essentially they would
force a vote where the whole Senate
would have to overrule and strip the
jurisdiction of the committee it's it's
way down in the procedural weeds but we
have seen Mitch McConnell blow through
those rules changes around the Supreme
Court nominees I don't think there's a
perception that he would hesitate to do
that again so I would look at the
committee as a significant weathervane
and if Jeff Flake is willing to stand up
in committee that could tell you a lot
about what would happen on the full
Senate floor it could possibly
precipitate a withdrawal but I wouldn't
look at it as if the committee doesn't
pass it or they don't send it out with a
recommendation that that's the end of
Judge Cavanaugh I mean Mitch McConnell
has devoted his entire political life to
executing what you are potentially about
to see Republicans do he has dedicated
himself to changing the balance on the
court this seat will do it for a
generation he has called stopping
Merrick garland his greatest most
significant political accomplishment and
that is why you are seeing what is a
very transparent strategy from McConnell
he has tried to create an aura of
inevitability around Cavanaugh and he is
forcing his colleagues to not take very
much time to think about this I do think
there's a perception that the longer
people have to sit with the story that
dr. Ford told today that quite frankly
the way the Kavanagh approached it might
not age well and so it's in their
interest to get this done absolutely as
soon as possible and right now that's
what they're talking about they're
talking about doing the first major a
procedural vote you will know the phrase
motion to proceed
laurens although our audience should
understand it as a key procedural vote
they're talking about doing that on
Saturday Helly Jackson the Republicans
in the Senate and no doubt are hoping
that the president stays silent since
the odds of the president saying
something helpful are not particularly
good well the president has said a lot
already Lawrence and if they're hoping
for him to stay silent they may not want
to peek at what's coming up this weekend
when the president gets back out on the
campaign trail in West Virginia no less
and you have seen those rallies before
it is the very definition of Donald
Trump unscripted and given that this has
been such a central focus point for him
today you know that that is what is
going to continue over the next 48 hours
or so particularly if things as Casey's
talking about come to a head on Saturday
remember just how much the president was
focused on this he was watching it on
Air Force One 30,000 feet all the way to
the residents behind me all day long
clearing his schedule delaying a meeting
with his Deputy Attorney General the guy
who oversees the Special Counsel
investigation may be gonna fire him
maybe accept his resignation maybe keep
him on that's been pushed off now for a
matter of days that the president could
give his entire focus to not just
watching Christine Blasi Ford but
watching how Brett Kavanaugh did the
president is pleased but is that enough
we're about to find out thanks for
checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
