Graham and are you aware that at 9:23 on
the night of July the night the day you
were nominated to the Supreme Court by
President Trump Senator Schumer said 23
minutes after your nomination I will
oppose judge Cavanaugh s nomination with
everything I have I have a bipartisan
and I hope a bipartisan majority will do
the same the stakes are simply too high
for anything less well if you weren't
aware of it you are now did you meet
with Senator Dianne Feinstein on August
20th I did meet with center finest did
you know that her staff had already
recommended a lawyer to dr. Ford I did
not know that did you know that her and
her staff had this allergies allegations
for over 20 days I did not know that at
the time if you wanted an FBI
investigation you could have come to us
what you want to do is destroy this
guy's life hold this seat open and hope
you win in 2020 you said that not me
you've got nothing to apologize for
when you see Sotomayor and Kagan tell
them that Lindsay said all because I
voted for them I would never do to them
what you've done to this guy this is the
most unethical sham since I've been in
politics and if you really wanted to
know the truth you sure as hell wouldn't
have done what you've done to this guy
are you a gang rapist
No
I cannot imagine what you and your
family going through boy y'all want
power god I hope you never get it I hope
the American people can see through this
sham that you knew about it and you help
it
you had no intention of protecting dr.
fort
none she's as much of a victim as you
are god I hate to say it cuz these have
been my friends but let me tell you when
it comes to this you're looking for a
fair process you came to the wrong town
at the wrong time my friend do you
consider this a job interview the advise
and consent role is like a job consider
that you've been through a job interview
I've been through a process of advice
and consent under the Constitution would
you say you've been through hell I been
through hell and then some this is not a
job interview yeah this is hell
this this is going to destroy the
ability of good people to come forward
because of this crap your high school
yearbook you have interacted with
professional women all your life not one
accusation you're supposed to be Bill
Cosby when you're a junior and senior
and high school and all of a sudden you
got over it
spend my understanding that if you
drugged women and rape them for two
years in high school you probably don't
stop here's my understanding if you've
lived a good life people would recognize
it like the American Bar Association has
the gold standard his integrity is
absolutely unquestioned he is the very
circumspect in his personal conduct
harbors no biases or prejudices he's
entirely ethical is a really decent
person he is warm friendly unassuming
he's the nicest person the ABA and one
thing I can tell you you should be proud
of Ashley you should be proud of this
that you've raised a daughter
who had the good character to pray for
dr. Ford to my Republican colleagues if
you vote no you're legitimizing the most
despicable thing I have seen in my time
in politics you want this seat I hope
you never get it I hope you're on the
Supreme Court that's exactly where you
should be and I hope that the American
people will see through this charade and
I wish you well and I intend to vote for
you and I hope everybody who's
fair-minded will hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
