this confirmation process has become a
national disgrace the Constitution gives
the Senate an important role in the
confirmation process
but you have replaced advice and consent
with Search and Destroy
since my nomination in July there's been
a frenzy on the left to come up with
something anything to block my
confirmation shortly after I was
nominated the Democratic Senate leader
said he would quote oppose me with
everything he's got a Democratic senator
on this committee publicly publicly
referred to me as evil evil think about
that word and said that those who
supported me were quote complicit and
evil another Democratic senator on this
committee said quote judge Kavanagh is
your worst nightmare a former head of
the Democratic National Committee said
quote judge Kavanagh will threaten the
lives of millions of Americans for
decades to come
I understand the passions of the moment
but I would say to those senators your
words have meaning millions of Americans
listened carefully to you given comments
like those is it any surprise that
people have been willing to do anything
to make any physical threat against my
family to send any violent email to my
wife to make any kind of allegation
against me and against my friends to
blow me up and take me down you sowed
the wind for decades to come
I fear that the whole country will reap
the whirlwind the behavior of several
the Democratic members of this committee
of my hearing a few weeks ago was an
embarrassment but at least it was just a
good old-fashioned attempt
at barking those efforts didn't work
when I did at least ok enough at the
hearings that it looked like I might
actually get confirmed a new tactic was
needed some of you were lying in wait
and had it ready
this first allegation was held in secret
for weeks by a Democratic member of this
committee and by staff it would be
needed only if you couldn't take me out
on the merits when it was needed this
allegation was Unleashed
and publicly deployed over dr. Ford's
wishes and then and then as no doubt was
expected if not planned came a long
series of false last-minute smears
designed to scare me and drive me out of
the process before any hearing occurred
crazy stuff gangs illegitimate children
fights on boats in Rhode Island all
nonsense
reported breathlessly and often
uncritically by the media this has
destroyed my family and my good name a
good name but built up through decades
of very hard work and public service at
the highest levels of the American
government
this whole two-week effort has been a
calculated and orchestrated political
hit fueled with a parent pent-up anger
about President Trump and the 2016
election fear that has been unfairly
stoked about my judicial record revenge
on behalf of the Clintons and millions
of dollars in money from outside
left-wing opposition groups this is a
circus the consequences will extend long
past my nomination the consequences will
be with us for decades
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out
you can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
