today the White House has been in
transit between New York and Washington
Hallie what are you hearing from the
West Wing a couple of things here Brian
I'm just off the phone with the source
who tells me that the plan for today as
we talked about judge Brett Kavanaugh
who will be coming forward now
momentarily after dr. Ford wraps up the
plan for him is to be watching all of
this from Vice President Mike Pence's
ceremonial office here on Capitol Hill
we know that Brett Kavanagh has left his
home it has arrived here presumably he
will have an opportunity to watch the
rest of this questioning if he has not
already at his home we know the
president is also watching we know that
because this press secretary says so we
know that because the president has said
his focus will be on this and to
underline that Brian the president has
now canceled his meeting that was
planned today with rod Rosenstein that
is now being pushed until next week so
that the president can specifically not
take any attention away not distract
from this hearing remember earlier in
the week we were talking about that
split screen moment what we're watching
now here on Capitol Hill with the
president potentially talking with rod
Rosenstein the man who oversees the
Special Counsel investigation maybe
going to fire him or accept his
resignation that has now been bat
Bernard at least for another couple of
days several days I will tell you that
in talking and texting with Donald
Trump's people people that are close to
him allies of the president in the White
House there is a sense of I might
characterize it as grimness there is a
sense that this process is not
benefiting Republicans the way that
Rachel Mitchell is is being held to
these five minute time limits the
questioning the tone of the questioning
etc we are getting now a little bit of
at least on the record reaction from the
president's son Donald Trump jr. who
just in the last little little bit here
has tweeted about this he is drawing
attention to that line of questioning
that you heard from Mitchell related to
dr. Ford's fear of flying she said she
didn't like to fly she does for
vacations that's more pleasurable to her
she says then coming out east to face
questioning in this manner if you will
so I think some folks in the president's
orbit are still reserving judgment until
after they hear from Brett Kavanaugh but
the pressure is on him in an intense way
right hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
over on this list to see lots of other
great videos
