and when it comes to establishing your
view I was curious
newspapers and magazines did you
regularly read before you were tapped
for this most of them again with a great
appreciation for the press for the media
typically I'm curious
and in front of me over all these years
we read what he watch well you know I
love to read actually I'm looking at a
book I'm reading a book I'm trying to
get started every time I do about a half
a page I get a phone call that there's
some emergency this of that I love to
read I don't get to read very much
because I'm working very hard on lots of
different things that was then
Republican vice-presidential candidate
Sarah Palin in 2008 and then President
Donald Trump last year discussing their
respective choices in reading material
joining us now host of the Katie Couric
podcast Katie Couric original two-part
audio documentary series from the
podcast looks back ten years ago at
Katie's campaign interviews with Sarah
Palin and their impact on the 2008
election and how Palin might have helped
pave the way for President Trump so that
I will never forget your interview with
Sarah Palin it was incredible
yeah it was hard to believe that it was
ten years ago and I think it was a
pivotal moment in the campaign because I
think at that moment in time she was
really the most captivating candidate
we'd seen I mean I think she had even
eclipsed a similarly captivating
candidate in Barack Obama but I think
she was still people didn't really
understand who she was where she came
from how she felt about policy and and
this was an opportunity to really dig in
to discover if she had accumulated
knowledge if she was intellectually
curious interested in public policy and
how she would govern especially given
that John McCain at the time I think
Steve had had melanoma four times he
would have been the oldest president
elected and so it was really an
important moment for us to discover who
Sarah Palin really was and I think
through asking sort of some simple and
some more complicated questions very
well thought out in terms of how we'd
approach it we were able to reveal her
for for the candidate she was we have a
cool set up here because we wanted a man
behind the scenes of
campaign Steve of course figures
prominently in the pot yes Steve I feel
like I hear your voice in my flow now if
I go I can't get it we're talking about
the series of interviews with Sarah
Palin the first one with Charlie Gibson
a lot of people viewed that interview as
him being a bit condescending to Sarah
Palin sort of looking down his glasses
at her
what were your concerns about Sarah
Palin then sitting down with Katie
Couric which is an entirely different
animal well you know back in the back in
that moment in time right you know you
had four networks you Katie was one of
the anchors on you Katie's coverage in
the in the campaign and in our view was
scrupulously fair over the course of
both senator Obama and Hillary Clinton's
campaign and we knew we were gonna get a
fair shot there now
for ten years all the conspiracy
theories that have been out there that
this was a setup and I for the life of
me could hold a gun to my head I can't
figure out what the unfair question that
Katie ever asked her was and so the
reality was in this moment in time that
interview and we were talking about this
off air is that week was the week that
Lehman Brothers went down and began the
financial crisis that in that moment in
time what was happening the global
economy was imploding we wake up the
next day we go from five points up you
know to basically a trajectory of seven
points down the right track number in
the country collapses to six percent in
that economic crisis which I never would
have guessed at the time didn't just
determine the outcome of the 2008
election I think it was the
determinative event in both 2012 and
2016 and has been even more so than 9/11
has been the most significant event of
this generation where the American
people saw the bankers all get bailed
out with the trillion dollars of their
tax money while 13 million families had
their houses for clothes no one was held
accountable nobody went to went to jail
and it sparked this rise of anger of
populism of nationalism that we see
playing out over the remaining decade
not just in this country but globally
and I think obviously Sarah Palin was
brilliant
being into that anger in terms of how
she conducted herself in rallies how she
didn't tamp down some of the the things
that were said where people were yelling
treason and I think her way of
campaigning was very different than John
McCain's and I think that created a lot
of problems internally obviously I'm
curious if you went into the interview
thinking she may not have the answers to
these questions or I suspected that you
would have some trouble probably just
from what I had seen and what I had read
and her performance and previous
interviews I didn't feel that anyone
really kind of dug dug in look at some
of these issues so I did think that that
she might struggle that wasn't that the
intent of the interview it was to ask
her important fair questions that would
reveal her ability to be a critical
thinker in to govern so what were you
thinking when this all began to happen
in the middle of the interview I just
want to know and what I thinking what
was the dynamic after on a human level I
felt bad for her because she was clearly
struggling I think someone said it was
like watching a seventh grader try to
recite an unprepared seventh grader
tried to recite his or her oral exams
but that was an insult to seventh
graders and oral exams you know she did
that poorly and so the human side of me
you know I felt bad for her on the other
hand I couldn't understand why John
McCain hadn't done more or the McCain
campaign Steve had thoroughly vetted her
in a in a much more serious way clearly
she was not ready for primetime she was
out of her depth yeah they I thought the
choice was cynical tapping into women
liking Hillary Clinton as if women would
just like another woman no matter what
her background her ability so you know I
I sort of went through various stages
first feeling sorry for her and then
wondering what the heck was going on in
the McCain campaign but politically I'm
pretty sure that the social science
after the election showed that she was
not a drag on the ticket and that she
might modestly have helped McCain
obviously he lost by what was at seven
points so well his help wasn't much yes
but I think she revitalized the basis
meghan trainor says it's all about the
bass and it certainly was back then and
Steve talks a lot about how Joe
Lieberman was going to be the pic and
John McCain was going to say I'm doing
something very unconventional I'll serve
for one term I want Joe Lieberman to be
my running mate but they realized they
had to do something I Hail Mary Anne
you're right she did revitalize the the
base but is that necessarily you know a
good reason you know in that moment at
time remember she was the most popular
governor in the in the country she was
governing I got it something about
something of a something of a moderate
it wasn't a base pic as much as it was
we ought to revitalize the center of the
electorate we had to close the gender
gap we had excite the conservative base
we had to show that this was not going
to be a push third term and you know
look you know three days after she's
picked you know in Nicole Wallace and I
really have the first inkling that she
doesn't know anything the vetting
process was flawed was broken and
there's a lot of lessons here now I will
say this about Sarah Palin as we as we
look ahead I have always maintained and
believe is John Edwards was absolutely
every bit as crazy as she was and had no
business being nominated and being in a
National Command Authority and so
there's some real blessing he was as as
ignorant on the issue I don't think he
was ignorant I think that he was as
reckless reckless is erratic as unfit
right as she was to be in that space
there's a lot of lessons about how you
approach I think from this for all time
a vice presidential selection and you
know on the McCain campaign you know
every mistake that you could possibly
have made in a VP vetting it was made
Wow part one of the Katie Couric podcast
documentary series the Palin interviews
ten years later is available now you
need to download that immediately after
tomorrow I think people aren't going to
be really focused on this today
fascinating and Katie thank you so much
we'll see you at 7 o'clock this evening
yes Mika are starting the day and ending
our day together the 92nd Street Y it'll
be for you right here in New York City
we're gonna be sitting down together for
a conversation about my new book know
your value women money and getting which
are worth and Katie Couric thank you for
this and that thanks you're the best
still ahead we're just hours away from
that historic Supreme Court hearing with
nominee Brett Kavanaugh and his first
accuser Christine Blasi Ford will set
the stage for that and of course more
from president Trump's wide-ranging news
conference where he defended Kavanagh
through George Washington or the bus and
was forced to admit that the fail in new
york times was actually doing quote very
well we're back in a moment thanks for
checking out MSNBC on youtube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
