so we're looking at facts on both sides
and again Brett Kavanaugh denies all of
this
president Trump waited in in his
extremely long news conference yesterday
and sort of did the whole reality show
build-up also just opening himself up to
possibly changing his mind and also
defamed the accusers again take a look
you have daughters can you understand
why a victim of sexual assault would not
report it at the time don't you
understand by the way I only say this 36
years no charge no nothing but everybody
often when people are gonna have to make
a decision 36 years there's no charge
all of a sudden the hearings are over
and the rumors start coming out and then
you have this other con artist avenatti
come out with another beauty today
as far as the other women are concerned
I'm gonna see what happens tomorrow I'm
gonna be watching you know believe it or
not I'm gonna see what's it it was
possible that they will be convincing
about the benefit of the doubt that you
have given to people like war more -
Roger Ailes - Bill O'Reilly - Brett
Kavanaugh they're all men why is that
it's not a benefit is there an instance
when you give him the benefit I've known
them like it I've known them for a long
time and a lot of these people a lot of
people and some I've been disappointed
with I have been disappointed with some
others I you know there are charges that
are pretty weak but I've known people
for a long time I never saw them do
anything wrong I never saw them do
anything wrong and there are some that
probably I agree I can tell you there's
some that I I've been watching for a
long time in a couple of cases they
weren't Republicans in a lot of cases
they were not they were exactly the
opposite but I've been watching him for
a long time and I knew for a long time
these were not good people and they were
never brought up we're not exactly sure
what he was talking about their
apologies for playing that about 36
years why does it take so long for these
people come we keep hearing why is it
taking so long for these people mm-hmm
to come forward well here's what one of
the Judiciary Committee members Senator
Lindsey Graham wrote in this 2016
campaign book about his experience as a
military prosecutor quote I tried rape
cases that still bother me including the
prosecution of several GIS who had
gang-raped a young german girl she was
just destroyed by it i learned how much
unexpected courage from a deep and
hidden place it takes for a rape victim
or sexually abused child to testify
against their assailants Graham
continues trying to get a scared
confused little kid or young woman who
feels the best part of her life is over
to recall a memory that their every
psychological impulse is trying to
suppress
is not something you forget it has
stayed with me ever since he's got a
different opinion now he he seems to
have a different opinion
now he says full steam ahead yeah this
is it
so it's like Rudy Giuliani there's then
when it serves you and there is now when
it serves you with no moral core none
and Michael Steele what's the impact on
the Republican Party when you see these
men evolve to their needs instead of to
the realities well I think women are
going to make that very clear and they
have been for a while now that's one of
the reasons what yeah I think that's one
of the reasons why you see this sort of
scurrying about right now trying to get
this whole matter settled and when they
thought it had settled to the points
that have been made earlier another
allegation comes forward and and there
are Republicans who who do feel that an
FBI investigation was warranted but
that's not where the political pressure
point was any longer and so they're now
stuck in the space to watch this episode
unfold today Mika that at its core at
its core is going to be ridiculous on
its face yep because you're going to
have a panel of Democratic senators who
are going to be asking both the accused
and the accuser questions and then
you're gonna have this one single female
representative for you know the majority
of those Republican senators answering
asking all of the questions and they're
going to sit there like potted plants
and with expressions on their face we
can't wait to see and the country is
gonna look at this a totally
embarrassing moment and say you are
feckless in your leadership you are
afraid to engage in a situation that you
yourselves have created yeah and you
know in the judgement oddly is that
Americans are gonna look at this
spectacle and know that most of the
people on both sides have already made
up their mind we are talked about
Democratic senators who have already
convicted judge Kavanagh despite despite
hearings are on board and there are
Republicans who have said including
Mitch McConnell who said who said
steam ahead again no in our Liars is
wrong process on either side no due
process for the accusers no due process
for the accused just a rush to judgment
and Willie again the the Lindsey Graham
statement we're a very powerful passage
in his book just from 2016 my how things
have changed in two years but just from
2016 saying that somebody that goes
through the what dr. Ford said she went
through every psychological impulse that
is inside a woman who's who has has been
raped or there's been an attempted rape
or a sexual assault hmm every impulse is
to hide it is to shield it is to forget
it again more of a reason why we need
the FBI not as super cop but the FBI to
just get the facts report them back to
the Senate and say this is what we found
out yeah
well it's exactly what Joyce was saying
a minute ago no woman goes public with a
claim of sexual assault lightly they're
putting the worst moment of their life
out in public and in this case magnify
that times a million your name is in the
history book your kids are getting death
threats you have to have security around
you at all times hide so the idea that
she took this lightly and just threw it
out to torpedo the nomination is tough
to believe and that's why they've got to
listen closely and actually consider
what she says today all these people
whose minds are made up beforehand
listened to her story look for evidence
and keep an open mind as Senator John
Kennedy said yesterday Republican in
this show said of course my minds open
if she says something that implicates
clearly judge Cavanaugh I will be a know
what Trump's offended one said that yes
I'm gonna listen right and see what
happens but there's a logical fallacy in
what you just said which is a Kavanagh
is basically saying that everybody who
has levied these accusations is lying
about them so if he's if he's telling
the truth then the pain of coming
forward with a with a with an allegation
that doesn't hold in this case because
what we're talking about is a in his you
know in his reckoning are false
allegations
of Asians for coming out with a false
allegation are entirely different that's
why we have the hearing right that's
right we don't need more than earring
well we knew that we do so
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay up
to date on the day's biggest stories and
you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
