so John Hammond Julie sweat Nick the
woman we've been talking about gave her
first and only a teeny interview to you
since leveling those allegations against
Brett Kavanaugh because she's the one
who's the client of Michael avenatti
Cavanaugh in a statement released by the
White House denies the allegations
sweating is the first Cavanaugh accuser
to speak on camera here now an exclusive
look at that interview which will air on
this Sunday's episode of the circus on
Showtime
you'd spent a long time since the things
that you detail in the affidavit what is
it that caused you to decide to come
forward at this very moment one day
before the hearing is make yourself
public well it wasn't that I wanted to
come out one day before the hearings
that just circumstances brought it out
that way this is something that occurred
a long time ago and it's not that I just
thought about it it's been on my mind
ever since the occurrence as far as it
goes Brett Kavanaugh was going for a
seat where he's going to have that seat
on the Supreme Court for the rest of his
life and if he's going to have that seat
legitimately all of these things should
be investigated because from what I
experienced firsthand I don't think he
belongs saw the Supreme Court and I just
want the facts to come out and I want it
to be just and I want the American
people to have those facts and judge for
themselves of the things that are in
your sworn statement dominate I think
all of the above I mean that's not the
type of behavior that anybody at any age
should do I don't think women should be
treated that way
and I don't think that any human being
should treat people that way
so John Mis sweat Nick's allegation is
that Judge Cavanaugh was present at
parties where she says she was
gang-raped not that he was participated
in those did you get any more asbestos
specificity on her story Willie you know
that she was not in a position yesterday
she was not really ready to do a full
formal sit-down interview we got a
chance to talk to her a little bit at
the end of a pretty long day when
Michael avenatti and she released her
sworn affidavit so beyond the details
that are in the affidavit their position
right now is they have good potential
corroborating witnesses but they want to
only
those forward and did go into further
detail than what's in the affidavit in
the context of what is now becoming a
pretty common demand on a part of a lot
of people who are accusing judge
Kavanaugh they want to have a full FBI
investigation and and one of the things
that she and her attorney both think is
that you know that that is the proper
course here what they're asking is not
to be believed on the basis of simply
her assertions although she has made a
sworn statement and because she has
active security clearances if she was
proven to have perjured herself she
would lose those clearances and lose her
her livelihood but they just they're
saying we want to have this case
adjudicated fairly we want to have the
FBI investigate and we think like a lot
of people that there is a rush now to
vote too quickly on judge Kavanaugh
before for his sake and for the accusers
sake the truth can be sought in a
reasonable way
so obviously John we're talking about a
lifetime appointment here and I know a
lot of Republicans are talking about
plowing through and voting for judge
Kavanagh for a lifetime appointment how
do you do that without an FBI
investigation which maybe takes a week
but how do you do that
because you're risking the possibility
that an investigation does occur after
he's on the bench and maybe so some of
these stories actually pan out is being
truthful and then at that point suddenly
you're going to have somebody on the
Supreme Court where everybody is going
to be calling for impeachment hearings
so I don't understand the politics for
Republicans to say we're going to just
jam this through right now I understand
there's a time frame that they have to
get it by but again if they hadn't
requested the FBI investigation a week
week and a half ago when everybody was
asking them to that have their answer
back at least on dr. Ford by now right
well and truly Joe there's really no
time frame there's no real hurry here
right I mean this is a Republican Party
that kept Merrick garland off the
Supreme Court kept an open seat on the
court for 400 and some days so the
notion that there must be nine on the
court is contradicted by the behavior of
the majority party in the Senate just
last year
there's no reason why for the sake of
Judge Cavanaugh if judge Cavanaugh wants
to have a lifetime appointment of the
Supreme Court I would think what he
would want is a thorough investigation
if he's boolean Assen of all these
charges have a thorough investigation
even if it took a week two weeks three
weeks four weeks if he could then have
his name fully cleared and take his seat
on the court without any shred of doubt
would that not be a better outcome both
for him and for the Republican Party and
I think you're exactly right that if
they Jam this vote through and if these
these accusations which are mounting not
that and there's the anonymous ones I
agree with you I that the Jackie's
ations I think we must take seriously
our women who put their name to the
accusations the others at this point are
anonymous noise but the women who have
come forward put their name to their
accusations I think have to be taken
seriously and the idea that that that
there's somehow the jamming through this
is going to work to their benefit if
these accusations continue to be
investigated and Democrats take the
House of Representatives I don't think
it's not it's not implausible to me that
Democrats will try to impeach judge
Kavanaugh while he's on the Supreme
Court next year if continued
investigations of these things prove
that they are legitimate complaints how
and who can want that on either side of
the aisle no the jamming through of this
it does not help the Republicans it's
not good for the Republican Party it's
not good for the court and it's not good
for judge Cavanaugh if I'm judge
Kavanagh
I want the FBI to dig in as deep as they
can absolute and clear my name and let
me get on the Supreme Court and without
a cloud over over my so you can see more
of John's interview with Julie sweat
Nick on this Sunday's episode of the
circus at eight o'clock Eastern Time on
Showtime still ahead on Morning Joe we
showed you something Lindy Lindsey
Graham had previously said there's also
a decades-old clip of Joe Biden making
the rounds about the role of the FBI in
these situations we'll put that into the
needed perspective by the way Joe Biden
1991 that's full bite
yeah all by plus former Republican
strategist Steve Schmidt is here with
his take on all of this and you Miche
Alcindor who asked a tough question of
the president yesterday
you're watching Morning Joe we'll be
right back thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
