so the first one was reported out by The
Washington Post dr. Christine Blasi Ford
contacted her member of Congress in
California and then ultimately her
senator who was a senior member on the
Judiciary Committee which is considering
the Supreme Court nomination of Judge
Brett Kavanaugh at the same time she
reached out to those members of Congress
she also contacted the Washington Post's
anonymous tipline the first time we the
public learned of her name is after the
Washington Post got in touch with her
thanks to that call to the tip line the
post vetted her story they spoke to
corroborating witnesses and they
published an interview with her by
investigative reporter Emma brown so
that was the first one the second one
was reported out by The New Yorker
magazine which contacted deborah ramirez
themselves after they were told by other
yale classmates of judge Kavanagh about
an alleged incident at a yale college
party
investigative reporter Ronan Farrow at
The New Yorker contacted and then
interviewed the alleged victim he and
his fellow investigative reporter Jane
Mayer spoke to corroborating witnesses
they investigated her account and then
they published this piece this weekend
then there was the third one the third
one unlike the first two was not vetted
by news organizations before it became
public attorney michael avenatti who's
become sort of a from White House
nemesis because of his representation of
stormy Daniels in a scandal that has
resulted in the president's personal
attorney pleading guilty to multiple
felonies and implicating the president
in those crimes for the third one it
wasn't a news organization it was
Michael avenatti announcing himself
publicly that he had a new client and in
addition to his client he had other
corroborating witnesses lined up who
could support her account of an another
alleged incident from when Brett
Kavanaugh was in high school now those
corroborating witnesses have thus far
not been produced but today mr. avenatti
released online a sworn statement from
his client describing what she says she
went through she said that she was the
victim of a gang rape in 1982 at which
she says that Brett Kavanaugh was
present
although she didn't accuse him of being
one of her rapists
well now tonight there's a fourth one
this one reported out by NBC News see
the headline here Senate probing new
allegation of misconduct against
Cavanaugh this was reported tonight just
after 6:30 p.m. Eastern time by KC
Huntley and Caldwell
at Heidi Prez Bella and Frank for quote
the Senate Judiciary Committee is
inquiring about at least one additional
allegation of misconduct against Supreme
Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh according
to a letter obtained by NBC News and
according to multiple people familiar
with the process according to an
anonymous complaint sent to Republican
senator Cory Gardner of Colorado Brett
Kavanaugh physically assaulted a woman
he socialized with in the DC area in
1998 while he was inebriated the sender
of the complaint described an evening
involving her own daughter Brett
Kavanaugh and several friends in 1998
quote when they left the bar under the
influence of alcohol they were all
shocked when Brett Kavanaugh shoved her
friend up against the wall very
aggressively and sexually there were at
least four witnesses including my
daughter now importantly the writer of
the letter provides no names but says
the alleged victim was still traumatized
and had recently spoken about the
incident to somebody else who knew about
it and had decided to remain anonymous
herself NBC further reports quote
Republican Senate investigators asked
Kavanaugh about the new complaint during
a phone call yesterday between Kavanaugh
and committee staff sources told NBC
News that Cavanaugh denied this latest
allegation in the letter quote while
Republican staff posed questions to
Kavanaugh about this allegation Democrat
their democratic counterparts were also
on the call but did not ask Kavanaugh
any questions about this matter
quote a democratic source said the
minority meaning the Democrats on the
committee were not satisfied with the
Republicans questions about this
incident during the call calling them
cursory they believe this matter should
be investigated more deeply so again NBC
News reporting this
night just after 6:30 p.m. Eastern
shortly thereafter very shortly
thereafter the Senate Judiciary
Committee actually published transcripts
of two phone interviews they conducted
with judge Cavanaugh about these various
sexual assault allegations it was one
conversation from yesterday and it was
one conversation from last week and in
fact the NBC reporting is borne out by
the transcript of the Cavanaugh call /
committee interview from yesterday
I'll show you bits from that transcript
here you can see there are black boxes
here those are redactions which I think
remove the names of the questioners so
we can't see the names of the committee
staff who are asking Brett Kavanaugh of
these questions we do know from NBC's
reporting that this is the these are
Republican staffers from the Judiciary
Committee who are asking Cavanaugh these
questions but that's what we think these
black boxes are here's the relevant
section of this transcript which again
was was just released tonight moments
ago Republican staffer says thank you
judge this is redacted again I'm going
to jump to the next set of questions
unless you have anything else to add on
that past topic judge Cavanaugh says
that's fine by me
Thank You redacted staff her name says
okay judge Cavanaugh on September 22nd
of this year senator Cory Gardner
received an anonymous letter apparently
sent from Denver alleging that you
engaged in certain conduct in 1998 have
you had an opportunity to review that
letter judge Cavanaugh I did look at
that I believe yeah redacted Republican
staffers name again says okay I'm going
to read read from it the letter states I
will remain anonymous but I feel
obligated to inform you of this 1998
incident involving Brett Kavanaugh and
then the punctuation gets a little bit
weird here this Republican staffer has
said that he or she is just gonna read
from the letter but apparently the
staffer sort of stops quoting and he can
a case this is this is this is how it
goes in the actual transcript which is
what we have to go on it says quote I
will remain anonymous but I feel
obligated to inform you of this 1998
incident involving Brett Kavanaugh then
there's a close quote and then the
staffer continues
when you were the author of the star
report the author's daughter from
Boulder Colorado
occasionally socialized with Brett
Kavanaugh she and a group of four
including Kavanaugh met in a Washington
DC bar quote her friend was dating him
and they left the bar under the
influence of alcohol they were all
shocked when Brett Kavanaugh shoved her
friend up against the wall very
aggressively and sexually there were at
least four witnesses including my
daughter her friend still traumatized
called my daughter yesterday September
21st 2018 wondering what to do about it
they decided to remain anonymous
end quote the staffer then asks did the
events described in the letter occur
judge Kavanaugh no and we're dealing
with an anonymous letter about an
anonymous person and an anonymous friend
it's ridiculous total Twilight Zone and
no I've never done anything like that
redacted Republican staffer named then
follows up just a few more specific
questions at any point while you were
involved in the Starr investigation did
you ever shove a woman up against a wall
very aggressively or sexually as you
left a bar judge Kavanagh no at any
point while you were involved in the
Starr investigation did you ever behave
violently toward a woman judge Kavanagh
no alright just one moment please
transcript says pause and there's
another question from the staffer when
you were involved in the Starr
investigation do you recall ever
socializing with a woman from Boulder
Colorado
judge Cavanaugh no while you were
involved in the Starr investigation do
you recall ever dating a woman who would
fairly fit the description in the letter
provided to senator Gardner and then I
think another Republican staffer maybe
jumps in and says the anonymous letter
judge Cavanaugh says what's the
description the staffer says just based
on what I judge Cavanaugh says describe
her appearance the staffer says no it's
all we have is what I read judge
Cavanaugh says well then I don't know
what I'm responding to then and that's
the extent to which that allegation is
addressed by the committee in that call
yesterday with judge Cavanaugh that call
of which we now have a transcript again
NBC News reporting tonight that
Democrats on the Judiciary Committee
believe that Republicans treated this
allegation in a cursory matter and they
believe it should be invested
more deeply so a couple of things first
of all we're gonna speak with one of the
reporters who wrote that story for NBC
News in just a few minutes we're gonna
get more information on this new
accusation such as it exists but in
general I do want to say that the next
24 hours is probably going to be a
little bit nuts in the next 12 hours are
probably going to be a little bit nuts I
include the overnight hours and my
expectations about how nuts the news is
going to be we are expecting the
judiciary committee to still hold their
planned hearing tomorrow at 10:00 a.m.
Eastern Republicans are apparently still
sticking with their plan that they will
not themselves ask any questions of the
two witnesses who are scheduled for that
hearing Brett Kavanaugh and Christine
Blasi Ford Republican senators have
instead hired a prosecutor from Arizona
to fly in and ask their questions
instead which I imagine will be awkward
it at least be unbalanced I mean the
format of the questioning is that each
senator on the committee gets five
minutes to ask questions with no second
round no follow ups but we do think that
all of the Republican questions will be
asked by the same person who is not a
Republican senator while all the
Democratic senators ask their questions
in addition to the NBC reporter who's
going to be here in just a moment on
this latest allegation tonight we're
also going to be speaking with one of
the senators who's on the Judiciary
Committee tonight coming up in just a
moment so we'll be talking about what's
what's expected tomorrow right the
developments in the story have been
rolling out fast and progressively sort
of with increasing speed as today has
rolled into tonight and tonight has has
gotten later so fully cognizant I am
fully cognizant of the risk that what
I'm telling you even right now might be
overtaken by new events as I speak but
my basic understanding where we're at
right now is that in addition to judge
Kavanagh and dr. Christine Blasi Ford
who are going to be testifying tomorrow
deborah ramirez who was the woman who
made the allegation against Brett
Kavanaugh from that college party at
Yale she also has now offered to testify
at
tomorrow's hearing we spoke with her
attorney on this show last night and
that wasn't totally clear he's now
making clear that she would testify to
that committee Michael a vanadis client
Julie sweat Nick has also offered to
testify at tomorrow's hearing now both
of those women have stated it's their
preference that they'd like the FBI to
investigate their allegations as part of
a reopened background check into Brett
Kavanaugh White House and Senate
Republicans appear to be unwilling to
let the FBI reopen its background check
Republicans also appear unwilling to
allow either Debra Ramirez or Julie
Sputnik to testify tomorrow alongside
Christine Blasi Ford so we don't know
how their allegations will be handled if
at all by the committee that's making
the decision on judge Cavanaugh's
nomination I also should tell you that
the two allegations that have been made
against judge Kavanaugh that date to his
time in high school both of those high
school era accusations make reference to
a high school friend of his named Mark
judge there have been calls from
multiple Democrats on the committee and
attorneys for both of those high school
era accusers for Mark judge too
testified to the committee tomorrow he
will also not be called to testify
before the committee as of tonight
though Mark judges college girlfriend is
offering to testify to the committee
herself she says mark judge confided to
her that when he was in high school he
participated in sexual misconduct that
falls very much along the lines of what
has been alleged in this new sworn
statement by Michael a vanadis client
Julie sweat Nick but again Republicans
are not planning on that on allowing
that testimony either so we have offers
of testimony from multiple accusers we
have requests for testimony for multiple
witnesses particularly one witness who
was a close friend of Brett Kavanaugh in
high school we also have an offer
testimony from somebody who is how to
close association with that witness who
wants to testify about what he told her
Senate Republicans are not planning on
hearing any of that testimony they do
not want to hear from anybody tomorrow
except for two people Brett Kavanaugh
and Christine Blasi Ford in advance of
the testimony from those two people
tomorrow
attorneys for both of them attorneys for
Judge Cavanaugh and dr. Ford have now
both released prepared remarks that'll
be the basis for opening statements from
each of them at tomorrow's hearing now
judge Cavanaugh's opening remarks as
prepared they those remarks roughly
followed the same contours of the public
statements that he's made thus far he's
basically saying in unequivocal terms
that he denies all of these allegations
about all forms of sexual misconduct he
does add a little bit of detail to his
previous public denials quoting from his
prepared statement which we have
obtained today because his lawyers
released it quote dr. Ford's allegation
dates back more than 36 years to a party
that she says occurred during our time
in high school I spent most of my time
in high school focused on academics
sports church and service but I was not
perfect in those days just as I am not
perfect today
I drank beer with my friends usually on
weekends sometimes I had too many in
retrospect I said and did things in high
school that make me cringe now but
that's not why we are here today what
I've been accused of is far more serious
than juvenile misbehavior I never did
anything remotely resembling what dr.
Ford describes so again that denial from
Judge Cavanaugh he will apparently issue
in his opening statement tomorrow and
that's roughly in keeping with the
denials that he's issued thus far both
the dr. Ford's allegations and to the
other allegations that have since
followed in the opening statement that
will be delivered by dr. Christian Plaza
Ford however there's quite a bit of new
detail and information that we have not
had before and we've got that prepared
statement from her as well I'm not going
to read all of it it would take me 15 or
20 minutes to do that but you're gonna
want to watch it tomorrow and we I do
want to want to want to read you some of
it now and again this may not be exactly
what she says these are her remarks as
prepared for delivery but you should
know this is some of what she's going to
say starting at the top chairman
Grassley ranking member Feinstein
members of the committee my name is
Christine Blasi Ford I'm a professor of
psychology at Palo Alto University and a
research psychologist at the Stanford
University School
medicine I was an undergraduate at the
University of North Carolina and earned
my degree in Experimental Psychology in
1988 I received a master's degree in
1991 in clinical psychology from
Pepperdine University in 1996 I received
a PhD in educational psychology from the
University of Southern California
I earned a master's degree in
epidemiology from the Stanford
University School of Medicine in 2009
I've been married to Russell Ford since
2002 and we have two children I am here
today not because I want to be I am here
excuse me I am here today not because I
want to be I am terrified I am here
because I believe it is my civic duty to
tell you what happened to me while Brett
Kavanaugh and I were in high school I
understand and appreciate the importance
of you hearing from me directly about
what happened to me and the impact it
has had on my life and on my family I
grew up in the suburbs of Washington DC
I attended the Holton Arms School in
Bethesda Maryland from 1980 to 1984
Holton Arms is an all-girls school that
opened in 1901 during my time at the
school girls at Holton Arms frequently
met and became friendly with boys from
all-boys schools in the area including
Linden school Georgetown Prep Gonzaga
High School country clubs and other
places where kids and their families
socialized this is how I met Brett
Kavanaugh the boy who sexually assaulted
me in my freshman and sophomore school
years when I was 14 and 15 years old my
group of friends intersected with Brett
and his friends for a short period of
time I'd been friendly with a classmate
of Brett's for a short time during my
freshman year and it was through that
connection that I attended a number of
parties that Brett also attended we did
not know each other well but I knew him
and he knew me in the summer of 1982
like most summers I spent almost every
day at the Columbia Country Club in
Chevy Chase Maryland swimming and
practicing diving I want evening that
summer after a day of swimming at the
club I attended a small gathering at a
house in the Chevy Chase Bethesda area
there were four boys I remember being
there Brett Kavanaugh mark judge PJ
Smith and one other boy whose name I
can't recall I remember my friend Leland
Ingham attending I do not remember all
of the details of how that gathering
came together but like many that summer
it was almost surely a spur of
gathering I truly wish I could provide
detailed answers to all of the questions
that have been and will be asked about
how I got to the party where it took
place and so forth
I don't have all the answers and I don't
remember as much as I would like to but
the details about that night that bring
me here today are ones I will never
forget
they have been seared into my memory and
have haunted me episodically as an adult
when I got to the small gathering people
were drinking beer in a small living
room on the first floor of the house I
drank one beer that evening Brett and
Mark were visibly drunk early in the
evening I went up a narrow set of stairs
leading from the living room to a second
floor to use the bathroom when I got to
the top of the stairs I was pushed from
behind into a bedroom I couldn't see who
pushed me Brett and Mark came into the
bedroom and locked the door behind them
there was music already playing in the
bedroom it was turned up louder by
either Brett or mark once we were in the
room I was pushed onto the bed and Brett
got on top of me he began running his
hands over my body and grinding his hips
into me
I yelled hoping someone downstairs might
hear me and tried to get away from him
but his weight was heavy
Brett groped me and tried to take off my
clothes he had a hard time because he
was so drunk and because I was wearing a
one-piece bathing suit under my clothes
I believed he was going to rape me I
tried to yell for help when I did Brett
put his hand over my mouth to stop me
from screaming that was what terrified
me the most and has had the most lasting
impact on my life
it was hard for me to breathe and I
thought that Brett was accidentally
going to kill me both Brett and Mark
were drunkenly laughing during the
attack they both seemed to be having a
good time mark was urging Brett on
although at times he told Brett to stop
a couple of times I made eye contact
with Mark and thought he might try to
help me but he did not
during this assault mark came over and
jumped on the bed twice while Brett was
on top of me
the last time he did this we toppled
over and Brett was no longer on top of
me I was able to get up and run out of
the room directly across from the
bedroom was a small bathroom I ran
inside the bathroom and locked the door
I heard Brett and Mark leave the bedroom
laughing and loudly walked down the
narrow stairs pinballing off the walls
on the way down I waited and when I did
not hear them come back up the stairs I
left the bathroom ran down the stairs
through the living room and
left the house I remember being on the
street and feeling an enormous sense of
relief that I had escaped from the house
and that Brett and Mark were not coming
after me
Brett's assault on me drastically
altered my life for a very long time I
was too afraid and ashamed to tell
anyone the details I did not want to
tell my parents that I at age 15 was in
a house without any parents present
drinking beer with boys I tried to
convince myself that because Brenton did
not rape me I should be able to move on
and just pretend that it had never
happened over the years I told very few
friends that I had this traumatic
experience I told my husband before we
were married that I had experienced a
sexual assault I had never told the
details to anyone until May 2012 during
a couples counseling session
the reason this came up in counseling is
that my husband and I had completed an
extensive remodel of our home and I
insisted on a second front door an idea
that he and others disagreed with and
could not understand and explaining why
I wanted to have a second front door I
described the adult the assault in
detail I recall saying that a boy who
assaulted me excuse me
I recall saying that the boy who
assaulted me could someday be on the US
Supreme Court and spoke a bit about his
background my husband recalls
that I named my attacker as Brett
Kavanaugh now at this point in her
testimony dr. Ford goes on to explain
who else she has told over the years
about this alleged assault and under
what circumstances her lawyers today
released affidavits from people
including her husband who dr. Ford told
about the assault before Kavanaugh was
named to the Supreme Court those are
sworn statements filed by her lawyers
today in her testimony she goes on to
talk about how her allegations became
public how she decided to convey them to
the Congress how she's interacted with
the Senate since then you will you'll
want to watch her full remarks tomorrow
it's not necessarily according to her
the way it's been portrayed in the press
thus far but I was gonna I'm just gonna
read one other piece of it this is this
is how her her prepared testimony ends
quote apart from the assault itself
these last couple of weeks have been the
hardest of my life I've had to relive my
trauma in front of the entire world and
I've seen my life picked apart by people
on television in the media and in this
body meaning this
it who have never met me or spoken with
me I have been accused of acting out of
partisan political motives those who say
that do not know me I am a fiercely
independent person and I am no one's
pawn my motivation in coming forward was
to provide the facts about how Mr
Cavanaugh's actions have damaged my life
so that you can take that into
consideration as you make your decision
about how to proceed it is not my
responsibility to determine whether mr.
Kavanagh deserves to sit on the Supreme
Court my responsibility is to tell the
truth I understand that the majority has
hired a professional prosecutor to ask
me some questions and I am committed to
doing my very best to answer them at the
same time because the committee members
will be judging my credibility I hope to
be able to engage directly with each of
you at this point I will do my best to
answer your questions so again that
that's not the complete opening
statement from Christine Blasi Ford but
that is some of what's in her prepared
remarks what her prepared remarks
indicate she will say to open this
hearing tomorrow
we do expect news on this story to
continue to develop through the night
including this latest allegation of
fourth allegation from 1998 which has
just been reported for the first time
tonight from NBC News in which the
Senate has subsequently released new
information about one of the reporters
who broke that story will join us as
well one of the senators on the
Judiciary Committee where this hearing
will be held tomorrow lots to come stay
with us
hey there are Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
