regrettably we found that China has been
attempting to interfere in our upcoming
2018 election coming up in November
against my administration they do not
want me or us to win because I am the
first president ever to challenge China
on trade and we are winning on trade we
are winning at every level president
presiding at the UN this morning by
accusing another Security Council member
of trying to undermine the u.s.
electoral process not Russia mind you
but China hours later during today's 81
minute presidential news conference
Ayman jeffers of CNBC tried to get out a
few more specifics earlier today and
just now you made a significant
allegation against the Chinese
government you suggested that the
Chinese had meddled in or arm that's
right that's what I hear midterm
election what I hear what evidence do
you have of that sir is there any
evidence it'll come out or yeah I can't
tell you now but it came it didn't come
out of nowhere that I can tell you
president went on to say that despite
his tough stance on trade China was has
total respect for him and his quote very
very large brain later mark Landler of
the new york times again brought up
China's alleged election interference
how would you compare the level of
interference you see today from the
Chinese to what Russia did in 2016 well
I think it's different if you look at
the Des Moines Register they have ads
that are made to look like editorials
saying about oh you got to stop Trump
you got to stop him you got a vote
against him president Trump's answer
eventually went on for a total you get
the picture of two minutes 39 seconds
with hand gestures at no point in the
reply that the president mentioned the
words Russia or Putin which brings us to
our next guest Clint Watts is back with
us a veteran of the FBI who was
currently a senior fellow with the
foreign policy reach that research in
Institute and conveniently the author of
messin with the enemy surviving in a
social media world of hackers terrorists
Russians and fake news Clint this took a
lot of us by surprise does China
represent a more clear and present
danger to our election process than
Russia I think it took the Chinese by
surprise too
based on their and on their faces it's
clear we're getting the translation
there's just some interesting phrasing
from the president China does take ads
out in newspapers they've done this for
a long time it seemed like routinely
many countries actually do this in the
United States trying to push whatever
their policy position would be and there
are actually many countries that fund
think tanks or donate to think tanks in
the United States to try and you know
actually push their agenda but it's
overt and they claim that they do this
it's not a hidden thing this is wildly
different the other thing the president
said is against him in 2018 he made it
sound as if China is running against his
electoral campaign in 2018 as if he's
confused that he's not actually running
for election that there are congressmen
running for election and what this
really comes down to is they've always
tried to push this that it could be
someone else or everybody is doing it
this is the rationalizing of what we
heard in the election and so it's very
consistent whenever the president was
challenged about the Russian
interference the election in 2016 very
early on he would throw well it could be
China it could be somebody else
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
