a B your recent headline really caught
my eye how many women does the GOP want
to lose on this specifically do you
think there's a political calculation
that this this seat on the court which
let's face it can change American
jurisprudence for the next forty or more
years is worth a bloodbath in the
midterms they've made that calculation
so the two things going on here one
people who know Brett Kavanaugh he's the
most beloved nominee I've ever seen up
for anything in the entire time I've
covered Washington and I I'm telling you
his his friends and his allies are
heartbroken because they believe he is
the best person and in such an earnest
man of deep integrity so they're very
upset and they believe that this is a
smear campaign the other raw political
calculation is as I said as I mentioned
in the piece I have been told by
Republicans in the last week it is
absolutely worth losing the house and
even potentially the Senate to be able
to seat him on the court they this is
the last vacancy they might have an
opportunity to to fill before they lose
power and that the collateral damage
would be worth it for the long-term gain
of putting them on the seat so they are
the go-for-broke strategy is absolutely
they've made it very clear that's what
they're doing like I said it's the other
people who are on the fence they have to
convince to come over with them in the
break glass strategy and those people
are very concerned and as I said I think
they're you know measurable I think it
could be five six seven people by the
end of this week hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
