we're joined now by Michael avenatti
he's the attorney for Julie sweat Nick
the third woman now to accuse Brett
Kavanaugh of sexual misconduct and
Michael avenatti I want to get into the
particulars of exactly what your client
Julie sweat Nick is accusing Brett
Kavanaugh of I want to go straight to
the point of is she accusing Brett
Kavanaugh of specifically sexually
assaulting her what Lauren's good
evening thanks for having me on I'm not
in the position tonight to fill in that
blank or answer that question my clients
gonna answer that question - hopefully
FBI agents because we're demanding an
FBI investigation proceeded forth width
my client is prepared to meet with FBI
agents as you know lying to an FBI agent
carries a very serious potential
criminal sentence associated with it
she's willing to sit down with FBI
agents answer any questions they have
about all of these allegations provide
additional witnesses provide additional
facts and information and for the life
of us Loren's we can't understand why
the chairman that Senate Judiciary
Committee and Mitch McConnell and the
president and Brett Kavanaugh are all
trying to avoid that at all costs what
what reason it's kind of a simple
yes-or-no question was she the victim of
sexual assault by Brett Kavanaugh did he
sexual assault or sexually assault her
we've heard dr. Christine blessing Ford
say yes to that and and and give her a
story about that what is difficult
what's the problem in not answering that
simple question well it I know it may
appear to be a simple question Lawrence
but it's not and here's why because my
client was effectively drugged at the
time and so she has things that she
observed associated with that gang rape
that we believe lend credence to the
fact that Brett Kavanaugh was involved
there's other facts that may lend
credence to the fact that he was not
involved so it's not as simple as just a
yes or no answer otherwise I'd be happy
to
for you okay and I'm that that does
clarify a bit and I just want to read
this passage of the sworn statement that
she's made so that the audience
understands clearly what we're talking
about it says in approximately 1982 I
became the victim of one of these gang
or train rapes where mark judge and
Brett Kavanaugh were present it doesn't
say they actually were involved in this
particular one shortly after the
incident I shared what had transpired
with at least two other people during
the incident I was incapacitated without
my consent and unable to fight off the
boys raping me I believe I was drugged
using quaaludes or something similar
placed in what I was drinking and that's
that's the passage that everyone's been
concentrating on today to try to figure
out exactly what she means by simply
saying that mark judge and Brett
Kavanaugh were present you seem to be
saying she's not sure whether or not
they actually participated in the
assault on her well correct Lawrence I
point to the answer that I just gave
that there are facts that lend
themselves to to a belief that in fact
they were present and did participate
there's other facts that lend one to an
opposite conclusion but look I want to
focus on the other paragraphs also in
the sworn declaration under penalty of
perjury those paragraphs alone would
substantiate a conclusion a
determination that Brett Kavanaugh is
not fit to sit on the highest court of
the land for a lifetime and at a minimum
there should be a thorough and fair
investigation and there should not be a
rush to confirm this man to a lifetime
position on the US Supreme Court with
all of these women coming forward
Lawrence they're not all lying they're
not all fabricating and the idea that
somehow all of these women got together
and conspired to derail this nomination
is absurd
the Judiciary Committee Republican staff
actually asked Brett Kavanaugh all of
the questions that you asked suggested
to them that they asked Brett Kavanaugh
you didn't know this was going on
because they weren't fully communicating
with you about what they
but they did ask every single one of
those questions the first one and I'm
quoting from their transcript of the
conversation with Brett Kavanaugh
did you ever target one or more women
for sex or rape at a house party judge
Cavanaugh no and it goes straight
through every one of the your suggested
questions to them did you ever object or
attempt to prevent one or more men from
participating in the rape or taking
advantage of a woman at any house party
and judge Cavanaugh said I never saw
such a thing
your client seems to indicate that Brett
Kavanaugh was absolutely present at
parties where things like that took
place and more than one party well
that's correct Loren said look I'm gonna
go back to Brett Kavanaugh interview of
two nights ago on Fox News I'm sure you
saw it I've seen it a number of times
Brett Kavanaugh lied on that interview
I'm just calling it I'm gonna call it
like I see it because you know that's
what I do
he absolutely lied on that interview he
expects the American people to believe
that the same boy that wrote those
passages in that yearbook relating to
drinking and all of the other references
that that same boy was focused on
basketball getting good grades and as he
said being a good friend to boys and
girls
I mean Lawrence it was laughable the
only thing he left out was helping
little old ladies cross the street and
bring in an apple to every teacher of
every class every day it was an absolute
joke the American people are smarter
than that and for this guy to try to
sell that bill of goods to people it's a
disgrace Brett Kavanaugh was asked about
this term Devil's Triangle it appears
apparently in in the yearbook
he said he's never heard that word
referred to a referring to sexual
behavior they say they then asked him
why did you include the devil's triangle
entry in your yearbook and judge
Cavanaugh said I don't know we were 17
that's all from questions you wanted
asked they also talked generally to
Brett Kavanaugh in their interview with
him the Republican staff about the
possibility of him ever being involved
in or witnessing
induced a gang rape or taking advantage
of girls at parties that way and he said
I've never participated in sexual
activity with more than one woman
present and me he said in other words
I've never had a threesome or more than
a threesome so he is very definitively
in his language refuting all of the
accusations that are in the Julie sweat
Nick's sworn statement Lawrence as you
know from your past experiences and as I
know and as any good trial lawyer knows
it's not a question of how you answer
questions on direct examination where
it's basically your side asking you the
questions I mean anybody can spoon feed
you questions and have you regurgitate
the answers the the rubber meets the
road if you will upon cross-examination
when you have an adverse party asking
the questions and follow-up questions
that did not occur today as you noted
because the Democrats object to the
process they don't believe the process
is fair we don't believe the process is
fair that's why you have to have the FBI
involved that's why you have to have a
thorough and fair investigation and
that's why ultimately you have to have
cross examination Lawrence I've said
this earlier today I'm going to say it
again if Brett Cavanaugh's attorney
would like to cross-examine my client
under oath for eight hours we will allow
that tomorrow provided that I get the
same amount of time you know what I'll
take half the amount of time to
cross-examine Brett Kavanaugh we'll make
that trade right now in addition my
client is prepared to take and I'm sure
pass a polygraph examination provided
that Brett Kavanaugh will take and pass
a polygraph examination I'm confident
they won't take us up on that either you
you got Donald Trump's attention today
he's always been of more than reluctance
to attack you and when you're
representing stormy Daniels who he tried
to
apparently keep as a girlfriend for
about a year he tweeted this morning
saying a Vinod he's a third-rate lawyer
who's good at making false accusations
like he did on me I don't know why he
doesn't seem to notice that all the
accusations you made about
have been proven true he goes on to say
that you he calls you a total lowlife
and then in a presidential press
conference today you've got yourself in
the presidential press conference
history books by getting attacked by the
president let's look at this and then
you have this other con artist avenatti
come out with another beauty today I
just heard about one a little while ago
I can tell you her lawyer
is a low-life okay so I don't know about
today's person that came forward I do
know about the lawyer and and you don't
get much worse bad reputation to take a
look at his past your reaction well
Lawrence I want to make sure that I get
this straight I'm a low-life and I'm a
third-rate lawyer and meanwhile the
hand-picked lawyer for Donald Trump for
10 to 12 years Michael Cohen just pled
guilty to multiple felonies including at
least two of which involve direct
conduct by the President of the United
States and I'm a low-life and a
third-rate lawyer well Lawrence if this
third-rate lawyer has been able to
accomplish what he's been able to
accomplish over the last six to seven
months imagine if I was a first-rate
lawyer I want to get your reaction to
something Lindsey Graham said because
apparently Lindsey Graham has decided he
wants to go to war with you let's listen
to this I am very suspicious of this
coming out two days before the
confirmation vote I'm very suspicious
I've got a prosecutor a judge an defense
attorney if you're a serial rapist turn
-
everybody says
your reaction to Lindsey Graham well I
guess Lindsey got the memo that the
Republican Party must have sent out this
afternoon with the talking points on how
to attack you know Michael avenatti I
find this to be very curious Lawrence
they want to make me the issue and the
reason is because they have no answer
for all of these allegations by all of
these women I'd be happy to go up
against Lindsey Graham Donald Trump or
any of the other Republican hacks that
they want to trot out I noticed earlier
tonight in fact Don junior got in the
mix by calling me a porn star lawyer
evidently he forgot that his father was
the one that had unprotected sex with my
quote porn star close quote client while
his stepbrother was four months old at
home with his stepmom
Michael avenatti thank you very much for
joining us tonight really appreciate
thanks Lawrence thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
