with just 14 days until voters get their
say president Trump is letting it fly at
his rallies and really whenever
microphones are present this week he
pledged a 10% tax cut for the middle
class between now and the midterms but
Congress is out of town that's not going
to happen after repeatedly charging
there are Middle Easterners sprinkled
into the caravan migrant group today he
admitted he has no proof his vice
president is using a false figure about
terrorists trying to come here from
Mexico Trump continues to go heavy on
the idea of a democratic mob Fox News
devoted more airtime just tonight to the
idea of mob rule the president has
changed job numbers on the fly this week
he has let wild charges fly here now a
sampling the Democrats want to replace
freedom with socialism the Democrats
have become an angry unhinged mob you
know what I am I'm a nationalist okay I
don't think we like sanctuary cities up
here
by the way a lot of people in California
you don't want to mean that they're
riding now any guy that can do a body
slam he's Mike
Maxine Waters good Oh Maxine low IQ
individual low IQ I'm willing to send
the military to defend our southern
border if necessary all cause because of
the illegal immigration onslaught
brought by the Democrats because they
refused to acknowledge or to change the
laws they like it they also figure
everybody coming in is gonna vote
Democrat with us tonight to talk about
all of it Ashley Parker Pulitzer Prize
winning White House reporter for The
Washington Post and Sabrina Siddiqui is
back with us political reporter for The
Guardian Sabrina who among us doesn't
like a good sweeping generalization so
let's start with one the closing
argument in 2016 was don't vote for
Hillary Clinton she's a straight-up
criminal if you do we'll have non-stop
investigations at the start of her
presidency the closing argument 2018
seems to be they're coming for you
they're coming for your house your
flat-screen TV your family and for good
measure there are Middle Easterners
embedded within the crowds do we have
that about right well that appears to be
the closing argument both from the
President as well as frankly Republicans
on the ballot who have been running very
sharply anti-immigrant political ads on
TV and so there certainly is this
embrace by the GOP of the politics of
fear and a lot of that has to do with
the fact that the Republicans were
supposed to run on tax cuts on what was
the president's singular legislative
accomplishment since taking office but
polling has found that the tax bill that
the President signed into law last year
is increasingly unpopular with the
American public in fact the Republican
National Committee's own internally
commissioned survey found that
respondents by a two-to-one margin felt
that the bill disproportionately
benefited wealthy Americans and
corporations over the middle class so
what the president is doing is he's
operating off the same playbook he used
in 2016 by instead trying to turn out
the Republican base by appealing to his
most ardent supporters and that has to
do with stoking fears around immigrants
and flaming racial tensions will it work
well that depends on whether or not this
these midterms are referendum on his
presidency or simply a question of which
party is able
turn out its base in larger numbers
Ashley I swear I'm coming to you but
first I'm going to do one of my favorite
things and that is to read your writing
aloud dramatically one of the promises
the president made this week was a 10%
middle-class tax cut even though
Congress is nowhere close to Washington
it can't be done
you write the mystery tax cut is only
the latest instance of the federal
government scrambling to
reverse-engineer policies to meet
Trump's sudden public promises or to
search for evidence but resan his
conspiracy theories and falsehoods the
pentagon leaped into action to hold to
both hold a military parade and launch a
space force on the president's whims
Commerce Department moved to create a
plan for auto tariffs after Trump
angrily threatened to impose them just
this week vice president pence the
Department of Homeland Security and the
White House all rushed to try to back up
Trump's unsupported claim that unknown
Middle Easterners the worst kind were
part of a migrant caravan in Central
America only to have the president admit
late Tuesday there was no proof at all
quickly let's view that exchange in the
Oval Office then we'll talk to the
journalists and I spoke to him literally
last night I spoke to another one this
morning very good relationship with
Border Patrol and ice and they say
happens all the time from the Middle
East it's not even saying bad or good
but some real bad ones but they
intercept if they're in the caravan now
they could very well be but there's no
proof there's no proof of anything
there's no proof of anything but they
could very well be so Ashley Parker is
the subhead of your story that shiny
objects will always be shiny objects
when you are the head of government
there are so many people beneath you
that some of them can sound like orders
and initiatives they sure can and when
you're the head of government you can
turn your whims and your desires in your
offhand comments and your tweets into
oftentimes reality what we get into in
our story is in some examples if you
just take two from this week the
president sort of says something that is
not rooted in true
like his claim about the caravans for
which he has been able to provide no
evidence but it sends the rest of the
administration scrambling to come up
with justifications and examples in it's
worth noting it also leaves them and
their credibility hanging out to dry
after they've all gone out publicly the
White House press secretary the vice
president vouch for the president and
then he says as you just showed in the
Oval Office well actually you know
you're right there is no proof but it
could be true the flip side of that is
when you're the president again you can
have a whim or you can have a desire
like you would like to do a tax cut and
then government sort of mobilizes around
you to try to make it happen now of
course what the president first had a
tax cut before the midterms is simply
not feasible but Trump did sort of come
up with this tax cut seemingly out of
the blue no one in his administration
knew about it none of the key players on
Capitol Hill who would have to be
involved knew about it but where you are
now seen in the background are lawmakers
and aides working to try to make
something that the president dreamed up
happened and and that's the power of the
presidency Sabrina to your mind and in
your reporting any parallel for this the
depth and breadth of this prior to a
midterm election on the part of a
president well I certainly think that
with this particular president a lot of
the rhetoric on immigration and just
stoking of racial divisions is fairly
unprecedented but you think back to the
2014 election cycle and there was a
migrant crisis that President Obama had
to deal with at the border of
unaccompanied minors and Republicans
very much did try and run a campaign
that similarly revolved around the
politics of fear there was also the
Ebola crisis occurring simultaneously
and the rise of Isis so you did
certainly have some similar themes play
out but those were more from the down
ballot candidates of course that not
coming from the presidency itself I
think that what's telling though is that
if you look at a lot of these Republican
ads they're so focus on linking
immigrants to violent crime even though
that's not borne out by the statistics
it really does show the extent to which
the party is going to embrace what is
known as trumpism and this president's
rhetoric and policy agenda when it comes
to immigration now again it's the
designed for short-term gain to return
out the support from the Republican base
but there are some Republican operas
that speaks do you think this could have
long-term effects on the party
especially when it comes to his outreach
its outreach with Hispanic voters in
future elections that of course will be
a conversation for another day
so Ashley these west wingers you talked
to let's take the fictional tax cut do
they look at this the the pile of these
things stacking up and just think this
is the life we've chosen I think there's
a recognition that this is how this
president operates and they've often
since the very early days of this White
House had to as we wrote sort of
reverse-engineer policy or even facts to
a certain extent to try to make what the
president says happen or seem true I
will say one thing that in a way kind of
helps them is that Trump has proven
himself so far at least impervious to
paying a penalty for his mistress so in
some ways you would see aides from
another politician if the president said
something that wasn't true
absolutely scrambling whereas these
aides in the West Wing they sort of
shrug and are less bothered by it
because they've learned that whether
it's the president going out in mocking
dr. Blasi Ford or saying something not
true about caravans there is not
necessarily a tremendous price he pays
at least with that core group of
supporters in his base hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
