the Congress is assessing new
allegations against judge Cavanaugh our
live coverage is continuing I want to
bring in congressman Eric Staal well
who's at the center of many of these
issues on the judiciary and intelligence
committee I'll give you an open question
for starters which is what was important
to you about anything that you heard
tonight from president Trump speaking
out at length from mr. abinanti who I
believe you just were able to hear and
new reports that there are new
allegations being probed by the Senate
regarding judge Kavanaugh good evening
Ari I saw continued demeaning of victims
of sexual assault people who deserve to
be heard who deserve for their
allegations to be investigated and a
president who wants to just rush this
through he criticized the Senate for
even taking this long Ari and so for
Brett Cavanaugh sake if he is innocent
I hope tomorrow he opens his statement
and says you know what bring in all the
victims allow them to be heard allow
them to be questioned that will clear
his name if he's indeed innocent and if
he's not for the sake of the credibility
of the court I hope that the Senators
would vote against him and congressman
as I say to so many guests when they are
hit with breaking news NBC News as
reporting we're going to hear from this
reporter momentarily Casey hunt who's
here the Senate probing a brand new and
separate allegation of misconduct
against Judge Cavanaugh Casey hunt what
are you reporting hi Ari well we have
learned tonight that the Senate
Judiciary Committee is probing this
additional allegation now this is an
allegation of misconduct we should
underscore that it is an anonymous
allegation this is unlike the other
three allegations that we have been
discussing throughout the course of
today this is it came in the form of a
letter to senators who ultimately turned
it over to the Judiciary Committee and
in it a woman talks about an incident
that she says involved her own daughter
where they witnessed a drunk Brett
Kavanaugh in 1998 outside a Washington
DC bar slam a woman into a wall in a
sexual manner
and this is something that again we are
just learning about as the committee has
you know tried to work behind the scenes
to convince Republican senators that
their investigative process has been a
thorough one so I have to tell you re
from my reporting all day that while in
public all of this is really full speed
ahead from Republicans they are pushing
forward with the hearing with the
committee vote and as of now with a full
vote potentially early next week
there is behind closed doors some
trepidation about the speed of the
process at this point telling me let me
follow up just to be clear because you
have quite a big story on your hands
what you're reporting tonight is that in
addition to the three named accusers
against judge Kavanagh
there is a fourth accuser currently
anonymous who contacted a Republican
Senate office is that correct that's
correct all right and we want I want to
be clear about about how exactly and
what exactly this person is saying and
how they say they knew about it this is
a person who wrote to the Senate who
says that her daughter witnessed this
incident was present for it and she
tells them that there have been
conversations among the other witnesses
she says there were four witnesses four
women there in addition to Brett
Kavanaugh that it has been discussed in
recent days they have tried to figure
out okay we were seeing all this stuff
going on in the news what do we do and
then ultimately they decided to remain
anonymous because of course as we've
seen it can be very difficult the
scrutiny that comes if you are somebody
in this position so we should underscore
it's anonymous it's the mother of
somebody who witnessed this incident
that was in purportedly 1998 outside of
a Washington DC bar and we do know that
the committee asked Judge Kavanaugh
about this in the course of a conference
call that they had with him he denied it
in the course of that conference call so
we're working on getting more
information about this we do know
Democrats were not satisfied with the
degree to which Republicans at wins in
terms of debt right and stay with me
because what you just referenced I think
goes to a question for the congressman
which is that it is true that sometimes
an isolated accusation
we're one that's based on a witness
report or one that is old alone doesn't
always get the same probity is not seen
as it's likely to be true as when a
pattern has been established and so
congressman again I know I'm throwing
you on a spot because Casey and Heidi
prison bola here at NBC News are
breaking this story literally right now
but your view of how this fits into the
analysis and whether this hearing is in
in some sense perhaps too hasty to be
scheduled for tomorrow given what's
coming in in real time it is too hasty
the best thing would be to put the
brakes on it and investigate it but
already I've seen this in many
courtrooms where it's very easy to
isolate one incident and you know shine
inaccuracies or inconsistencies on that
case but the more and more cases that
are separate and independent that looked
the same pretty soon a prosecutor starts
to say to a jury and this is not a jury
but it's a it's allegations that the
arrows are pointing in the same
directions and what are the chances that
three or four women independently who
never met each other would have similar
experiences with one person so either re
this person committed these horrific
acts or he is the single unluckiest
person in the world for these people to
conspire and make up lies against him
but it's a very hard case to make right
the more allegations that come in and
even the counter example you imagine
right as a potential conspiracy you use
the potential word conspire would
indicate or involve these people all
having some communication what's
interesting about this letter coming
into a Republican Senate office is that
it is a different line of reporting than
where some of the others are although to
the point of whether it is political I
did press mr. abinanti on that very
point as well as we try to gather all
the facts no matter what side they're
coming from I'm gonna release the
congressman who I know has a busy night
thank you very much
with the two and a half minutes we have
left on this broadcast I'll whip around
as fast as I can
starting with you Eleanor well this
latest allegation 20 years ago would
place Brett Kavanaugh he would have been
in his early 30s so now we're talking
about adult behavior not teenage
behavior and if he had been truthful
from the start and said that he did some
really stupid things when he was a
teenager but that's not who he is now
and he wasn't who isn't who he was 20
years ago or
ten years ago you know maybe he could
you know get away with this and gain
people's confidence but now we're
talking about an allegation when he was
in his early 30s that's a whole other
area so I you know I feels like these
allegations are reaching a tipping point
frankly yeah it seems like every new bit
of information that we get we're getting
a clearer story and it's a narrative of
who Brett Kavanaugh really is that fits
with his own description of himself as a
teenager and and fits with the things
that Mark judge wrote in his book and
fits with the things that Mark judge
ex-girlfriend's said happened so it's
yeah I'm going to become harder and
harder to just I mean for Republicans to
keep saying that this is just a smear
campaign Howard do you agree with that
of the politics going to get too hot
it's gotten too hot as I say I think
that they misjudged the cultural and
political moment here I think these
kinds of guys who may have great
qualifications in some respects have to
have their whole lives judged especially
as it relates to this topic which is
central in our politics there plenty of
other people Donald Trump could have
picked don't as Donald Trump himself
said and Donald Trump also said in the
presser that he was sort of interested
vaguely and hearing what other women had
to say that's a huge hole for the
Democrats to drive right through right
now it looks like it's slipping away to
me I've covered a lot of these and Trump
did not help
Brett Cavanaugh's case today at all
Jennifer 25 seconds will there be a vote
on Friday I sincerely doubt it I would
make two points first alcohol is central
to this and I think the FBI is just the
organization to explore what kind of
alcohol problem or if he has an alcohol
problem or what he does with alcohol and
secondly imagine if this was a black
teenager would any of those Republicans
not be calling for a full investigation
of the police of the FBI this guy is a
white guy of privilege and that's a
problem for them you use the word
privilege and that is a question it's
gonna circle around tomorrow
how are people treated how should they
be treated and what does America make of
this hearing I want to give my special
thing hey
remember from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
