new poll just released this morning says
there are high stakes for tomorrow's
Supreme Court hearing as if we didn't
know that already 58% of Americans found
the NPR PBS Newshour Marist Poll they
plan to pay attention to the testimony
the poll conducted Saturday through
Monday finds the nation is closely
divided on Cavanaugh's nomination with
43% opposed 38% in support and 19%
undecided concerning Christine Blasi
Ford's allegation 32 percent believe dr.
Ford 26 percent believe judge Kavanaugh
and 42 percent are unsure and when asked
if the allegation proves to be true 59
percent say the Senate should not
confirm him while 29 percent believe he
should be confirmed
regardless Jeremy Peters and then Peter
Baker what is the White House seeing in
those numbers what is the White House
seeing in this conversation as it's
developed over the last week because as
we just showed the president's posture
has changed completely he was on message
he wasn't going after dr. Ford he wasn't
going after miss Ramirez
he'd been kept sort of in line by a
guest Kellyanne Conway and others who
had sort of set the tone and said this
woman should be heard she should not be
ignored she should not be mocked should
not be ridiculed what changed well that
would be one way to handle it and
certainly it was the way that Trump and
a lot of other Republicans were handling
this until the pressure from the right
the conservative commentariat and a lot
of other more kind of hard right
politicians started to really weigh on
Senate Republicans if you go online you
listen to talk radio what you're hearing
is confirm him now we don't care what
these women say we don't think they're
being honest they are being paid by the
Democrats George Soros is involved Tom
Styer is involved you know all these
beasties these liberal boogeymen are
involved in a conspiracy to take out
judge Cavanaugh and that has really had
its effect I don't think that you would
have seen senator McConnell's call for a
vote as quickly as he did if that
pressure had pressure had not
materialized in what you're hearing now
more and more
from the right is look if Republicans
don't push this through and confirm him
you can kiss the Senate goodbye because
our voters are going to stay home and I
really do think there is some truth to
that though I think Republicans probably
lose either way because if they Ram this
through it's going to look so bad with
the the independent voters that they
need but it's also going to look really
bad
and probably sway the opinion of the
people like Lisa Murkowski and Susan
Collins and Jeff Flake who ultimately
matter in whether or not Kavanagh is
confirmed in her interview with the New
York Times to my colleague Nick Santos
the other day Lisa Murkowski could not
have been clearer in saying don't rush
this do not rush me I need to hear from
the accusers and I want to make up my
own mind and I don't think that's a
place where enough Republicans are
operating from right now Peter Baker the
president's posture last week was judge
Cavanaugh is a good man he's a man of
integrity but I believe dr. Ford should
be heard that has completely changed
this week what was the pivot point you
think yeah it has changed this week and
I think Jeremy's right and you know
obviously that this has become a
galvanizing issue on the right among the
base there's a feeling of resentment and
a feeling of anger grievance and a sense
that this is one of our nominees and
they're going after him and I think that
you know on top of the political
pressure I think there is a sense among
Republicans both in the White House and
in the Senate that you know that they're
being played in some way that this is in
fact you know it's not just rhetoric to
say that it's Democratic plot there is a
feeling among Republicans that they have
you know somehow been on the receiving
end of a dirty trick in effect because
issue did not come up until the end of
the process rather than in July when dr.
lousy Ford first wrote her letter to
senator Feinstein now of course senator
Feinstein says that she didn't bring
this up because dr. Blasi Ford asked for
confidentiality but that you know
there's there's a raw feeling right now
neither party trust each other both
parties look at each other in the most
suspicious and most you know nefarious
terms so that when something comes up
like this it must be part of a plot
rather than you know
sort of human kind of situation where a
particular woman in California professor
you know struggling with whether to come
forward or not and and so I think those
raw feelings have animated this
president he wants to be a more
aggressive he wants judge Cavanaugh to
be more progressive he thought the other
night on Fox the judge Cavanaugh wasn't
strong enough and he's telling him when
he gets up for there tomorrow the Senate
Judiciary Committee he needs to be more
forceful in his boss to this I just
don't understand you know after Anita
Hill and everything that you would think
Republicans have learned why Elise there
couldn't have been on the part of
Republicans a negative reaction to what
President Trump said about the second
accuser what do you have to lose and by
the way you can be very angry at
Democrats and you can think there's a
plot you can think it's dirty pool but
you still have to respond in a way where
your constituents understand that you
have a sense of respect for women that
you take something seriously and that
you're not a misogynist and I feel like
on many levels it's a fail fail and fail
well and I think Peter Baker just
identified exactly that the fact that
President Trump thinks that judge
Kavanagh needs to be more aggressive and
more attacking it's exactly the wrong
strategy and it has been the White
House's strategy to try to Trump off' I
someone who is anything but you know the
man that I knew who worked at the White
House was a serious scholar a serious
person he was great I you know had no
issues whatsoever and thinks so highly
of him as a mentor to women and these
allegations he could build upon that
history in his defense but instead the
White House is attempting to trump off'
i someone who just isn't that let me
just make the quick point donald trump
has faced these accusations himself from
multiple multiple women and what he's
done is he has gone on the
counter-attack
time and time again and i think what
he's internalize is that he did it it
worked
he's president and therefore Brett
Kavanaugh should follow that playbook I
think it's as simple as that that's all
true except the underlying issue here
one of the underlying issues is for the
first time in mine
you have a whole republican party there
were only 100 united states senators
they were elected for six-year terms and
you've got 51 Republican senators who
who are motivated on a daily basis by
fear of Twitter right-wing radio
stations and a minority of instead of
focusing on the country on the future of
the Republican on the Supreme Court
they're motivated by fear
they're afraid it's a fear of a man who
made a porn star to be quiet a Playboy
bunny who brags about assaulting women
you're afraid of that okay you should
maybe step up for what's right it would
feel a lot better be better for the
country Peter Baker Jeremy Peters thank
you both still ahead on Morning Joe she
sums up the president's message to the
UN as quote it's every country for
itself NBC's chief foreign affairs
correspondent Andrea Mitchell joins the
table next on Morning Joe thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
