Christopher Dickey it is possible that
all the prognostications we make on this
broadcast on this network about the mid
turns are going to be thrown out the
window because maybe just maybe the
Russians already have their hands in all
of the state mechanisms who knows all we
know is were under continuing electronic
attack though no mention of Russia no
mention of Putin in today's speech no
there was one brief mention but only to
criticize Germany for depending on
Russian energy but no mention in all
that talk of sovereignty about the
greatest assault on American sovereignty
that we've seen in recent memory maybe
in my lifetime 9/11 was not as big an
assault on the core sovereignty of the
United States that's what Russia did by
directly interfering in the elections of
2016 now we're coming up with new
elections there's more interference and
yet our president isn't talking about
Russia because deep down he thinks
probably the Russians helped get him
elected and his an illegitimate
presidency and that scares the hell out
of him hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
