for more on where Cavanaugh's nomination
stands I'm joined by Democratic senator
Kirsten Gillibrand of New York senator
what is your understanding of where
things are at right now
well I feel like what we're seeing from
the Republican Party and certainly the
white house is just attack deny attack
deny and try to shove this through so
quickly so that you can't actually have
a real hearing or a proper investigation
and the fact that they won't allow the
FBI to investigate these claims is
shocking the fact that they're and don't
intend to call corroborating witnesses
is concerning and the fact that they're
not even gonna assess mr. Ramirez's
claims is also unacceptable so I just
feel like they're just pushing this
through at all cost the president today
referred to the claim by mr. Ramirez
that she was drunk that she was confused
and that all of this is a quote con job
in his eyes what do you think of that I
hope the American people are paying
attention I hope American women are
paying attention president Trump has
already shown in his words and deeds
that he doesn't value women he's
attacking a someone who has come forward
a survivor they they wonder why
survivors don't come forward it's
exactly for this reason because they're
treated so poorly by the commander in
chief she's being berated she's being
accused of lying she's being disparaged
publicly by this president it's
disgraceful and I just hope the American
public and and women all across this
country are paying attention so they can
call their senators and urge their
senators to vote no on Kavanagh clearly
he does not have the character or the
honesty to be a Supreme Court justice do
you think your colleagues in the
Republican side or do you think they've
convinced themselves as is some kind of
conspiracy this is some sort of grand
plot that you and your colleagues and
the Democratic side have cooked up to
sabotage Cavanaugh I can't I don't I
can't get into the minds of the
Republicans but I can tell you what
they've done is unconscionable they're
not even giving the basic
process that they gave to Anita Hill to
not even have the FBI investigation to
make it impossible to call corroborating
witnesses who have relevant information
to offer I think is really disconcerting
but I think if America's public does
speak out we have a chance of defeating
this nominee on the merits you don't
think you don't think it's a done deal
you think you think there there's an
open question as to whether the votes
are there and whether this is going to
happen or not I believe it's an open
question because I believe that if the
American people speak out loudly on this
and really talk about their own personal
experiences and how they see this
unfolding and how offended they are by
the president's remarks and offended
they are by this process I think they
could change votes of senators today so
I think it's a moment when America's
women need to be heard and that
Americans who care about justice need to
be heard
let me ask you there's been a strange
line I think Republicans have tried to
walk here I think clearly they've been
counseled not to try to not disparage or
attack the accusers and have an open
mind but clearly they're all a lot of
them just want to go ahead and vote
anyway I want to get your reaction to
some of the comments we've heard some of
your colleagues then also from Kevin
Cramer who's trying to be one of your
colleagues running in North Dakota for
the Republican Party take a listen so
you think these women are making it up
if the accusation is enough god help us
all around here I will respectfully
listen but if there's nothing new here
I'm not going to deny him a promotion to
the Supreme Court based on a 35 year old
accusation even if it's all true does
that disqualify me certainly means that
he did something really bad 3600 but
there's a disqualify him from the
Supreme Court let's start with that last
question what's your answer that well
the fact that that this candidate for
Senate doesn't believe that someone who
assaults a young woman who's a minor 15
years old assault sir covers her mouth
when she tries to scream and that story
is being corroborated by people who have
heard this story before the fact that
she told her therapist five years ago
the fact that she told her husband five
years ago a friend a year ago in fact
that she's taking a lie detectors asking
the FBI to investigate those are all
addition of truth and so the fact that
he says even if it's true that this is
not grounds to disqualify him a I don't
know planet he's living on that's a
violent crime he should be going to jail
if he was allowed to be prosecuted today
it's not okay and so I think the fact
that so many people so many Republicans
and my colleagues are saying oh it's
just an allegation well it's not just
with an allegation you assess their
credibility that's their job as senators
there's most assess the credibility of
people who are coming forward to say I
don't think this person is trustworthy
at least person is telling the truth I
think they've lied under oath about
their past and then to roll out a Fox
News interview as if it's an FBI
investigation a Fox News interview is
not an FBI investigation they didn't
even ask all the relevant questions and
the fact that he downplayed is drinking
while his best friend wrote a whole book
about their drunken behavior the fact
that his college roommate said that he
would come home drunken and it would
come home
belligerent at
that he said about miss Ramirez and this
is again Brett Kavanaugh college
roommate said I believe her because she
has the kind of personality she was kind
she was thoughtful she couldn't imagine
her making this up
that's called corroborating evidence
it's things you hear and listen to and
then assess who do I believe that's your
job
now this is not a court of law we are
not proving beyond a reasonable doubt
no one's going to jail this is about do
you deserve the promotion do you deserve
this job opportunity to be a Supreme
Court justice to have a lifetime
appointment to make fundamental
decisions about women's rights for
perhaps decades to come do you have the
privilege to serve not whether you're
gonna be convicted in law so every time
you hear on Fox News Oh innocent you
know assume you're innocent you can have
to have prove beyond a reasonable doubt
they're trying to confuse voters they're
trying to confuse people across this
country
that's what not this is this is that is
not what this is about it's about do you
believe he's honest do you believe he
has the character to have a life to have
appointment do you think his story isn't
adding up and based on hearing from
these two women these strong credible
women and their stories and all the
corroborating evidence I believe them
right senator Kirsten Gillibrand thank
you so much for joining me
welcome hey there are mrs. from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
