tonight we've covered many aspects of
the news developments regarding this
explosive Cavanagh hearing on Thursday
and the Republicans announcing they want
to rush to a vote on Friday but here's
something that hasn't gotten as much
attention we'll Brett Kavanaugh faced
the Brett Kavanaugh treatment on
Thursday consider that when he was a
prosecutor working for Ken Starr
Cavanaugh urged certain questions be
asked of President Clinton they were of
a graphic sexual nature regarding his
relationship with Monica Lewinsky in
fact this is document at a 1998 memo
that he wrote which said he strongly
opposed giving the president any break
and that kind of questioning and that
going easy on him regarding those
personal questions itself would be
abhorrent and get this and think about
this as you prepare for the hearing
Thursday Brett Kavanaugh writes quote
it's our job to make Clinton's pattern
of revolting behavior clear piece by
painful piece Cavanaugh listed as
lawyers do the explicit questions that
Clinton should face some of them and
this is important went even further than
what prosecutors went on to ask if
Monica Lewinsky says that while you were
in the Oval Office area you touched her
breasts when she belie if Monica
Lewinsky says that while you were in the
Oval Office area you touched her
genitalia would she be lying if Monica
Lewinsky says that you used a cigar as a
sexual aid with her in the Oval Office
area which you
obviously those were graphic questions
some more graphic than you may have
heard now the Washington Post reporting
that in practice sessions Cavanaugh has
grown quote frustrated with questions
digging into his private life
particularly as drinking habits and his
sexual proclivities not wanting to
answer questions that he deemed quote
too personal so Brett Kavanaugh right
now facing Brett Kavanaugh from 1998
would have a lot of trouble I'm joined
by Liz plank a senior producer for Vox
media and Helaine olen an opinion writer
for the Washington Post's whose latest
piece the staggering hypocrisy of Brett
Kavanaugh reviews exactly this history
thank you for having me on this is about
the impossible hypocrisy of Brett
Kavanaugh the nerve of this man he
twenty years ago put Clinton through the
wringer all but tortured him in Monica
Lewinsky we cannot read these questions
that he wanted asked on the air I
believe he would bleep me out every
other second if I tried to read them you
can tell me if I'm right or wrong about
that and then he has the nerve to turn
around and say oh no I can't answer
these sorts of questions it's too
personal this is an invasion of my
privacy
where was he twenty years ago where was
that Brett Kavanaugh and of course we
know where he was he was a partisan then
and he's a partisan now who doesn't even
want an investigation into his own
behavior and your piece really holds up
the standard in the document in history
which you don't have by the way for for
every Drudge but he had this stint on
what was deemed a quite political
operation therein ken starr's office is
your conclusion then that he was too
partisan to be part of the Supreme Court
that he is too sexist or that he's too
hypocritical or all three all of the
above this is somebody who really does
not should not be in this position his
track record is as a Republican partisan
from his early days in Washington
through the Ken Starr investigation
through his time in the Washington
courts courts where he has ruled as it
extreme Republican positions for example
he a few years ago a woman was a trainer
was killed at SeaWorld if you remember
that working with animals
and he claimed that this was a dangerous
profession on par with race car driving
or football playing and SeaWorld should
not be held liable for not offering her
protection and this animal had killed
before by the way yeah I mean it's just
he should not be in this position I
don't want to make light of anything but
I didn't know we were gonna get in to
see viability how do you add to this
pile of apparent steaming hypocrisy well
here comes Ken Starr himself vouching
for Brett Kavanaugh on the issue of
these allegations of sexual misconduct
I believe when Brett says it did not
happen and I believe Brett based upon my
seeing him so you know character counts
and you kind of learn pretty quickly
what a person's character is when you're
in the trenches with them right day in
and day out and for me year in and year
out well it looks like Brett Cavanaugh
is getting a taste of what it's like to
be a woman in America and particularly a
woman in America who is accusing a man
of sexual assault as we saw even today
what it's like to be Debbie Ramirez when
the most arguably the most powerful man
on earth Donald Trump goes after your
drinking habits and goes after your
character and how messed up you are or
how strong McDaniels must have felt when
the entire country went after her
character and person Rudy Giuliani and
the Trump administration went after her
choices and her line of work to
discredit her as a person and so this
happens to women all of the time the
personal is always political and this is
tabloids how is getting a taste of that
right now and he does not like it and so
when you look at that in this White
House strategy I'm literally gonna do
something we don't always do which is
read the headline on the screen under
fire for sexual allegations Cavanaugh
draws backing from Ken Starr who hired
him to probe sexual allegations against
a Democrat it's almost too perfect and
and it must be raised as a question is
it something that Ken Starr and Brett
Kavanaugh can't see or unable to see
from some sort of male blinders that
this is not something they should be
drawn
attention to that Ken star coming out
isn't helpful mm-hmm and and we also
have to remember that you know the
Monica Lewinsky case and whole thing
that sort of scandal didn't ruin Bill
Clinton's life everyone Monica Lewinsky
Monica Lewinsky's life right we only
bring up Monica Lewinsky when it's to
talk about that thing that happened we
bring out Bill Clinton in a lot of
different ways and and the other thing L
say is also you know the hypocrisy you
know squared of that is that Brett
Kavanaugh is very concerned about his
private life while being someone who
denied an abortion to a young woman
who's 17 years old saying that he had a
right to make her personal decisions for
her this is not just the male blinders I
mean it's their position on so many
issues when it comes to women is that we
don't have a right to our privacy we
don't have a right to our personal lives
and he doesn't like that maybe that
should changed the way that he does he
makes decisions for other people as well
I think you've both brought to the fore
a lot of important things that times
haven't even hit the full crescendo
maybe they will on Thursday particularly
your piece which people can check out as
I mentioned in The Washington Post Liz
plank and Helaine olen thank you both
hey I'm already Melvin from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our youtube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
