well here we are at the fear and
loathing and lying stage of what is now
a Trump campaign that is the way Donald
Trump campaigns its way always campaigns
that is what he believes campaigns
should be about fear and loathing and
lying and that is what every Donald
Trump campaign will always be about so
remember what you're really watching
tonight tonight you are watching a
preview of donald trump's reelection
campaign if he actually runs for
reelection donald trump's very first
speech as a political candidate was
about fear it was about fear of people
crossing our southern border they were
rapists they were murderers they were
coming here to rape and murder and so
there was donald trump trying to create
fear of those people trying to create
hatred and loathing of those people and
doing it with lies and so when he sees
the democrats threatening two weeks from
now to win back the House of
Representatives to win control of the
impeachment process donald trump has
decided to throw away the idea of trying
to campaign on anything that he might
claim even falsely claimed as an
accomplishment of his presidency Donald
Trump is not campaigning on his tax cuts
for the rich and his giant tax cuts for
rich corporations Donald Trump is not
campaigning on his illegal tariffs that
are harming American agriculture in
American industry Donald Trump is
campaigning as if his presidency hasn't
even existed as if his presidency has
done absolutely nothing he is going back
to the formula that won him the
electoral college fear and loathing and
lying about people trying to enter the
United States on our southern border in
search of the jobs that American
citizens won't do in search of safety
for themselves and their families in
search of asylum here is the
pathological liar presence closing pitch
to voters to try to preserve the concret
the congressional power of what has now
become the party of liars the
Republicans America and the world must
be warned
every word you are about to hear from
the president of the United States is a
lie every bit of it and you know what's
happening right now
as a large group of people the court a
caravan
you know how the caravan started does
everybody know what this means I think
the Democrats had something to do with
it and now they're saying I think we
made a big mistake it's all a lie and no
one in that room with the president
knows it
of course the Democrats had nothing to
do with creating a movement of people in
Central America so that Donald Trump
could then use that movement of people
as a campaign device to lie about so
that he could create more Fear and
Loathing in his desperately fearful
supporters no one actually knows exactly
how this exodus of people got started
but we do know that the numbers have
grown because the President of the
United States has drawn so much
attention to it more people in Central
America have decided to get in the flow
of these refugees and they're doing that
for mutual protection the caravan is now
estimated to be about six thousand five
hundred men women and children in other
words it's the size of a couple of large
American high schools this is a group of
people who if they wanted to come to the
United States to live honorably and work
hard would be an asset to this country
and represent a grain of sand on the
beach of our population the United
States of America has never in its
history been threatened in any way by
unarmed
men women and children approaching our
southern border but Donald Trump
believes that his voters have
imaginations as wild as his and can be
thrown into abject fear of these
impoverished women children men who at
their current pace of walking walking to
the United States could be about a month
away from the border depending on what
route they take could be much longer
than that
because Donald Trump knows that the only
thing his voters fear more than people
from Central America is people from the
Middle East
he's the
decided to throw them into the line that
there are now people from the Middle
East as he puts it Middle Easterners
walking among the Central American
refugees and so Donald Trump has thrown
every fear inducing thing he can think
of into his caravan of lies but Donald
Trump's lies don't work for most
Americans they never have most Americans
do not share the fears that Donald
Trump's voters seem to share with him
that's why more Americans voted for
Hillary Clinton than Donald Trump but
Donald Trump's voters can still win
elections if they show up in the right
places in greater numbers than the
majority of Americans who do not share
the Trump fears not one Donald Trump
voter is publicly asking why they should
have anything at all to fear at our
southern border after two years of a
Donald Trump presidency they voted for
Donald Trump to protect them from that
fear they voted for him to take care of
that border and now Donald Trump is
trying to intensify that fear as if he
has absolutely no control at all over
the southern border he is activating
Trump voter fear in effect by saying the
Trump presidency has been useless
utterly useless to them at the southern
border loathing and hatred is the jet
fuel formula for the Trump campaigns
Donald Trump wants you to know that he
hates the same people you hate if you
hate Muslims if you hate black people if
you hate anyone who lives south of the
Rio Grande but he knows he cannot come
out and say I'm a hater I'm a racist and
he knows he doesn't have to he knows he
got the Ku Klux Klan vote without saying
I'm a racist out loud he knows he got
David Dukes enthusiastic support without
having to say I'm a racist out loud but
now Donald Trump is saying he is a
nationalist and that's something he's
never said before and there were reports
indicating these actually resisted
saying it before turns out Donald Trump
was saving that word
nationalists for the last two weeks of
the campaign that could change his life
change his very existence as president
day-to-day take his powers away and he
knows that in America the word
nationalist usually follows the word
white white nationalist that's what it's
meant in the 21st century Trump voters
understand David Duke understands the
Donald Trump has to leave the word white
out of his use of the word nationalist
but when Donald Trump uses that word he
wants you to hear it as racist so that
you will express your outrage at Donald
Trump's racism and that will actually
clarify help clarify for Donald Trump's
followers the racists among Donald
Trump's followers that he does really
mean it as a racist message that is
Donald Trump's way of saying I am a
white nationalist they have a word it
sort of became old-fashioned it's called
a nationalist and I say really we're not
supposed to use that word you know what
I am I'm a nationalist okay
Donald Trump knows exactly why you're
not supposed to use that word and that
is why exactly why he is using that word
and by telling his audiences that he
knows he's not supposed to be using that
word he is telling them that he is brave
enough and bold enough to use the word
he is brave enough and bold enough to
use a 21st century variation of the word
racist because he wants Trump voters to
know that he hates the people they hate
a majority of Americans reject all of
this vile trumpism all of it and
rejecting Donald Trump's racist
nationalism has been the unanimous
mission of bipartisan leaders in
American politics for a long time we've
seen our discourse degraded by casual
cruelty at times it could seem like the
forces pulling us apart are stronger
than the forces bringing us together
we've seen nationalism distorted in the
nativism forgetting the dynamism that
immigration has always brought to
America to abandon the ideals we have
advanced around the globe to refuse the
obligations of international leadership
and our duty to remain the last best
hope of Earth for the sake of some
half-baked spurious nationalism cooked
up by people who would rather find
scapegoats than solve problems
he says unpatriotic as an attachment to
any other tired dogma of the past that
Americans consigned to the hashkee -
heap of history a politics of fear and
resentment and retrenchment takes hold
and demagogues promised simple fixes
they start undermining norms that ensure
accountability and try to change the
rules to entrench their power further
and they appeal to racial nationalism
that's barely veiled they've failed at
all
sound familiar leading off our
discussion now Jason Johnson politics
editor at the root comm and MSNBC
contributor Ruth Marcus deputy editorial
page editor and columnist at the
Washington Post and an MSNBC contributor
and Ron Klain former chief of staff to
Vice President Joe Biden and Al Gore and
a former senior aide to President Obama
at Jason Johnson I I have a feeling that
if you'd shown Donald Trump that video
of George W Bush of John McCain of
Barack Obama saying that that that would
make him want to declare himself to be a
nationalist all the more than he already
did want to yeah yeah I mean look I
Lawrence I have a big announcement to
make too I'm black right it's really
obvious you know Joe Trump Trump Trump's
been a white nationalist from the
beginning the fact that he just
announced it to you know the the world
or a huge rally is just indicative of
how much his appeal has really shrunk in
the two years that he's been in office
he was able to dance around the margins
for a long time by claiming well you
know I'm I'm a progressive or I'm this
or a mess danced around it but now he
knows my core constituency the only
future that this presidency has is to be
an explicit white nationalist and say it
is us this small 26% of the US
population have wanted him against
everybody else in America who actually
wants a fundamental future that we can
all benefit from I'm I'm happy that he's
being this honest because I think this
is the beginning of the end of him
having any sort of appeal outside of the
maniacs who want to listen to him in
that room now I think we can all agree
that Donald Trump is the most ignorant
president in history but today he used
ignorant as a defense in an answer to a
question and for the first time I
actually have doubts about whether he is
as ignorant as he claims let's listen to
Jim Acosta asking him about the way he
uses the term nationalist
or sending coded language or a dog
whistle to some Americans out there that
what you really need is a little white
man I've never even heard that I cannot
imagine that you mean I said I'm a
nationalist I've never heard that theory
about being a nationalist I've heard
them all
but I'm somebody that loves our country
when I say a nationalist roof I'm
normally the first to assume Donald
Trump is ignorant of everything his
claim that he's ignorant of this
controversy involving the word
nationalist for once I find his
ignorance hard to believe I was waiting
for him to do his usual you'll never
find a less racist person I am saying
where where to start with this he
obviously is using that word for a very
specific purpose
and it's obvious that even Donald Trump
ignorant as he may be has heard the
phrase white nationalist before and
knows exactly what he's doing and and
Ron it's it reads to me as a sign of
real desperation on Donald Trump's part
that he's being shown polls that say
forget about trying to run on anything
you've done as president go back to
whatever bomb you want to toss that you
think will activate your voters yeah
when he's running a campaign as if his
to chief strategist where George Wallace
and Jon Lovitz it's a unique combination
of and lying that is over the top even
by Donald Trump standards and this now
this just stopping one step short of
calling himself a white nationalist you
know the loudest dog whistle we've ever
seen in modern American politics
coupled with the incessant lying lying
about where he stands on health care
lying about a magic tax cut that's going
to appear in the next ten days lying
about riots that aren't existing in
California it's just a unbelievable
combination of as you call it earlier
just lying fear and loathing it's horrid
campaign yeah and to that tax cut point
Ruth it's it's so fascinating that that
they're not then Trump is not talking
about the tax cut bill that they put
through and and the proof that they know
it's a disaster is that he's talking
about this hypothetical one that doesn't
exist exist
and his imagination at first he said
we're gonna pass it before the election
then someone told him how the world
works so now he's saying okay we'll do
it after the election but he's in other
words PACs campaign now is forget about
what we've done
if you reelect us we will finally do
something for you in taxes and it's not
just the tax thing as you point out he
does have some things that he could
theoretically run on right there is
there's not just the caravan water is
tariffs the Cavanaugh right but he is
running as if he had not been as you
pointed out he's running as if he had
not been present for the last two years
and so all of that anger and resentment
and all the other things that he
marshaled in his campaign for president
he is summoning them all up again as if
he is responsible for nothing in the
last two years including the caravan
that is heading dangerously in our
direction and and the fact that you have
an actual tax cut to run on that you're
not running on and a theoretical
imaginary tax cut that you're promising
us you're gonna somehow conjure and
deliver before the election is just the
manifestation of that craziness and and
Ron there were there were pundits saying
immediately after the Cavanaugh
confirmation that oh that this Cavanaugh
fight was bad for the Democrats
obviously it's some kind of political
advantage to the Republicans you would
never know that if you listen to Donald
Trump right he can't run on that because
by the way he's suffering the largest
gender gap in American political history
women are going to show up they're gonna
vote and they're gonna vote against
Trump's candidates he can't run on his
economic record because he can't explain
it it really isn't much of a record for
the middle class can't run on his tax
cut that just went to rich people and so
he has to make up a fake one and so you
know he is really back to his old tricks
but he's back to his old tricks two
years into a presidency and I don't
think even some of his people are gonna
buy at this time I mean I think you know
fool me once shame on me fool me twice
shame on you I think Trump is trying to
fool people a second time I don't think
people are going to have it interject a
note of skepticism here
nervous and I don't want to have this
skepticism but if you look at the NBC
Wall Street Journal poll his ratings are
the highest that they've been in the
margin of everything right and his and
there is more enthusiasm among
Republican voters and there has been so
it's still not as much as the Democrats
so not as much as the Democrats but I
don't know about you guys but I'm a
little nervous let's see if Jason's
nervous Jason go ahead yeah I'm not
nervous and here's the reason why one
you know I don't have my entire legacy
on the line which is what Trump has
that's why he's so nervous right now
he's he's already laying the groundwork
for hay hay the Shaggy defense if it
screws up it's not my fault it's Paul
Ryan's fault its Mitch McConnell's fault
but here's the thing he is the albatross
around this entire election he's not on
the ballot but people are voting against
him and they're voting against his
acolytes in Georgia and Florida
if mitts constant if you look at the
people who have allied themselves
closest to Donald Trump unless they were
able to sneak through and get onto the
Supreme Court like Breck Havana those
people tend to be suffering in the polls
in a lot of different ways and so look
it's got to be a close election
elections are always close you got voter
suppression going on
you've got last-minute October surprises
that can occur but by and large he is a
net negative for his own political party
and that's why he's floundering right
now and he can't keep on message we have
to squeeze him to break here Ron Klain
Ruth Marcus thank you for starting us
off tonight thanks for checking out our
youtube channel subscribe by clicking on
the button below for more from the last
word and the rest of MSNBC
