the midterm elections are six weeks from
today if you can believe it and
Democrats are cautiously optimistic
about their chances they're now up 12
points in the NBC News Wall Street
Journal generic ballot so here's Donald
Trump's rallying cry to his fellow
Republicans short and sweet late last
night in the form of a tweet remember
the midterms but Trump might have real
reason to worry that same poll showed
59% of registered voters want a
significant change in the way he's
leading the country you know a little
bit about midterm elections what do you
think when the House of Representatives
but because of redistricting it's not
going to be like the 60 seats that the
Republicans won in the last wave in 2010
more like the 33 seats that the
Democrats won in 2006 if there's a wave
for the Democrat and there will be the
Democrats will win the house question is
whether this generic is strong enough to
propel the Democrats the majority in the
Senate I think that's going to be
working and now I think this generic
shrinks towards the end so it's not
going to be 12 points at the end that's
right so so let's talk about whether
that wave can reach the Texas Senate
race and I want to read what you wrote
about the Republican candidate there Ted
Cruz because it made my year this is you
writing in today's New York Times about
Ted Cruz he's like a serpent covered in
Vaseline because he treats the American
people like two-bit suckers in 10 gallon
hats because he sucks up to the guy who
insulted his wife by retweeting no less
because of his phony piety and he even
phonier principals because I see him as
the spiritual love child of the 1980s
televangelist Jimmy Swaggart and Jack
Nicholson's character in the shining
because his ethics are purely
situational because he makes Donald
Trump look like a human being by
comparison because New York values
because his fellow politicians detest
him and that's just among Republicans
because he never got over being the
smartest kid in eighth grade because
he's conniving enough to try to put one
over on you but not perceptive enough to
realize that you see right through him
because he's the type of man who would
sell his family into slavery if that's
what it took to get elected and that he
would use said slavery as a sob story to
get himself reelected otherwise you
might say I'm number one
I mean political analysts haven't do you
think that makes involve I mean this I
feel like has been something I've known
since 1999 or 2000 now I feel like
everybody knows thanks in part to your
very descriptive words today but do you
think that makes them more vulnerable
but everyone knows that he's despised in
the Republican Party I think it ought to
I mean because there's something about
Ted Cruz that he's not like the ordinary
I mean you know there's sort of ordinary
political slipperiness with some notable
honorable exceptions and then there's
the full can of grease that he sort of
that he represents look I do think he's
vulnerable the fact that it's so close
in Texas really really does tell you
something it also tells you how much
candidate quality matters you have in
bado o'rourke a guy who's charismatic
who looks like he's a human being who
sounds like a a normal person and who
seems to be able to rise to the
rhetorical occasion and that contrasts
with Ted Cruz is so powerful and by the
way you know not least Cruz did himself
no favors in the election by the way in
which he was on again off again with
with Trump I think frankly for
Republicans you're either all in or
you're all you're all out you're either
on the side of flake and McCain or
you're a drunken his Hamlet act is
hurting him today
I mean what's left to say that column
was pretty vicious I think you know good
politicians are able to pretend like
they're not pretending right you can you
can act natural even though that's what
you're trying to do is that natural in
Ted Cruz just doesn't do that Ted Cruz
is someone who when you look at him you
realize that his eyes on the next seat
that he can that he could attain and I
think what was fortunate for him was
that he came around at a time when
people in the Republican Party were
rewarding this type of ambition the
whole knocking to all down type approach
that he was bringing to governance and I
just don't think were there and now I
think we've turned as a country were
away from let's
rip it all down Republicans know now in
charge and they want to know well what
are you actually doing and he cannot
point to much and I think that's really
hampering him and then to your point
about bado you know put aside the
charisma and all the live-streaming I
mean if you're looking at your money the
guy brought in nine million dollars in
one month that is astronomical that's a
good Senate year basic grade he did it
in months so he will have the money to
play in that race hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
