welcome back as we said judge Brett
Kavanaugh took the extraordinary step
yesterday of defending himself on
television against allegations of sexual
misconduct it was the first time we
heard from him in his own voice about
the allegations but it's far from the
first TV defense of Judge Cavanaugh
did you just excuse me the judicial
crisis Network has been defending him
since Christine Blasi Ford's accusations
first became public more than a week ago
spending 1.5 million dollars to do so
and with me now is Kerry Severino she's
chief counsel and the policy director
for the judicial crisis network she's
also a former clerk for judge Justice
Clarence Thomas thank you for coming out
great to be here let me just start with
what we know about who's gonna question
on Thursday yes do you I know we know
that Senate Republicans in the VA
committee have an outside counsel they
have not told us who it is do you have
any awareness of who this person is I
don't know who it is either they say
they have to protect her name for her
security and certainly with everyone in
this process having received all sorts
of threats from Judge Kavanagh dr. Ford
everyone that sounds plausible to me but
I I'm not sure who it is good it's
someone who has experience though with
with prosecuting the kinds of crimes
that dr. Ford is alleged so I think it's
somewhat it'll be someone like let's
just say with with more experience on
this then your typical Senate Judiciary
Committee member which is something a
lot of people complain about at every
hearing no doubt but getting outside
counsel is very unusual committee
counsel is one thing outside counsel is
completely unusual happens we look back
it's like 1973 it's an unusual thing why
shouldn't I get having maybe harass some
of the most sensitive questions but
should the Senators also be I mean these
are the people that represent actual
Americans should they be involved in
questioning as well you know I've seen
even just after his first round of
hearings a lot of people on both sides
of the aisle said wouldn't this all just
be better if each side appointed someone
to do this and I think it's I think it's
really true
senator Collins early on when these
allegations came out said how about to
try to prevent some of the circus each
side just appoint someone because you
have a more coherent line of questioning
they can get deeper into them rather
than just a few minutes in and you'll
have senator Smith somebody's been
involved in a lot of press conferences
yeah it would go here coherent question
doesn't matter yes yeah so that's
exactly the problem you have and so I
think it'd actually be much better for
the process if both sides were willing
to do that you could get you could get a
coherent theme you could get someone who
knows the issue very well and could come
back with the follow-up questions and a
line of questions Democrats in
particular I think right now because
there's several 20/20 contenders on that
side the bench they don't want to lose
their opportunity to make the questions
but I think I think this is gonna be
good and a lot of people said you know
it's gonna make more sense to have a
woman who particularly can understand
where where dr. Ford is so for her
interests of saying I want someone who's
gonna be respectful to me and
understands that if you've got someone
who is who has been through those kind
of cases particularly on the prosecution
side so from the side of the woman
before I think that will help make sure
that she's going to be be ticket given
the absolute respect in this how is this
anything other than he said she said at
the end how is it that what are you
gonna ask Americans to do how is it that
you can feel comfortable knowing we're
gonna know what the what the actual
truth is well due to the nature of these
claims they're they're vague they're
very old it is it is very challenging
and unfortunately particularly due to
the fact that the way that Senate
Democrats chose to carry this out we
didn't have the opportunity to look at
some of these witnesses before for
example everything blow up in them in
the media however you'd use it matter to
you that dr. Ford I thought it was very
interesting in her letter to Senator
Grassley which has since been released
the dr-40 essentially said look I tried
to raise this before it became an issue
I tried to raise this at a time before
he was even picked to hope that you
didn't pick them because I didn't want
to ruin somebody's family well I I think
if senator Feinstein had taken those
claims as she should have as frankly
senator Biden did during the NIDA Hill
hearings and said wow here's something
that we should actually dig into further
that would have been appropriate it
would have been better for everyone
around for judge Cavanaugh it would have
been much better for dr. Ford herself it
would have been better for the Supreme
Court the Senate process that has all
been dragged to the mud the way this has
been has been carried out but I do think
that everyone that she has identified as
either an eyewitness or someone who is
who was at the party has said we don't
we don't remember this party or we don't
even know her friend Leland says I don't
we didn't even really know Brett
Kavanaugh this this doesn't add up to me
so I think that
yeah also adds to the question you've
got his calendars which obviously by
themselves don't prove anything but it's
one more piece of evidence saying he
wasn't even there for most of the summer
she's talking about he was at other
parties they didn't MIT lists on it this
one you know didn't didn't get indicated
on the calendar I you know again it's
not that's not open and shutting of
itself but every single piece of
evidence we've seen I think particularly
the alleged witnesses that's that's
pretty strong and it makes the story I
it amplifies the holes in the story the
ad that features Louisa Garry is this an
ad that's still running I only ask
because she's asked us since have her
name removed she but that would that had
to do with a specific letter regarding
the New Yorker allegations and I think
there were some aspects of it you know I
don't know if she wasn't a specific miss
to the party they bled right so she
didn't know she the ad I saw it I think
as recently as yes she's not asked to
you guys no no she says she still stands
behind everything she says in the end
which is
she knows Brett Kavanaugh has known him
for decades and says this is someone
who's fair even-handed the kind of judge
we should all look for what's the case
for it feels like everybody's in a hurry
to get this done why I mean it's just
really in a lot is this really about
November that everybody's concerned
about November Republicans and Democrats
on this one yeah I'm not sure the
Democrats in a hurry to get this done I
think they're they know meaning but it's
about everything is about November right
Democrats want a delay Republicans want
to hurry even get it done well no I
don't I don't think that's it well some
of the Democrats certainly do seem to
their strategy is let's delay this till
November let's win the Senate let have
blocks of Republicans are like hurry up
and get them confirmed yesterday no they
were there because we don't want to see
what I do two weeks ago a man's name was
dragged through the mud and we has been
the subject of a Democrat smear campaign
for the last two weeks full time so this
is a smear campaign and not any truth to
this you know I am but I think we odd we
ought to give her a hearing and we ought
again and let's get to that point in the
process until we get to that point we
are all still left here speculating and
it just is a media circus so I think
actually it's going to be again also in
dr. Ford's best interest to get get to
this hearing have the opportunity to
tell her perspective so that if we get
we can move past this speaking of moving
past this should we have miss Ramirez
should she
Sarah Sanders this morning seemed to be
open to the idea of maybe she should if
she wants to testify she should testify
on Thursday where were you on this well
the Judiciary Committee has reached out
to her and her lawyer they've asked her
if you want to submit testimony and
remember the testimony of the Senate
Judiciary Committee carries the same
criminal penalties as under penalty of
perjury so this is it's that serious the
investigation they're trying to carry
out here if she has evidence or further
testimony aside from what she already
gave to new yorker that she wants to put
in and of course that wasn't under
penalty of perjury or anything they
would love to have that testimony and
they said then they would determine
whether they at this point reason
testimony in a deposition type case sure
and if she's not even willing to give
that then it doesn't make sense to say
okay we're gonna move to it so they
would have to see that there was
something that she was willing to stand
by under penalty of felony in hindsight
one extra FBI investigation would it be
worth it I think the extra FBI
investigation we needed was the one in
July when senator Feinstein received
this that would've should've done yeah
and then you could have had why not do
it now well here's what here's why it
would've been useful this the FBI could
have then interviewed people untainted
by all of the chaos and the in the media
that's going on now that's when it's
really valuable this is why in an actual
trial I've know this isn't an actual
trial but in a trial you would have the
witnesses separated from each other you
sequester the jury so they're not
distracted by all the news and it fed by
the news rather than the actual thing
the FBI could have separated people
asked them questions
now the Democrats blew up that process
so you don't think an FBI litigation
would be fair there's no way there's no
way they could do it and let me let me
reach what senator Biden said about that
during the Anita Hill hearings he said a
next person refers the FBI report is
being worth anything not only they just
don't understand anything the FBI
explicitly does not in this or any other
case reach a conclusion period that was
Senator Biden I'll let you have the last
word there Kerry Severino of the
judicial crisis Network thanks for
coming on Jim
much appreciate it hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more be to press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube
right now
