all right the president toasting the
United Nations which is unusually
started his remarks by saying the UN is
an organization of body with a lot of
potential he had just finished this
morning in a speech deriding the the
United Nations David Rothkopf is still
with me he talked about a lot of
potential he talked about he mentioned
only North Korea specifically said his
tone is very different than it was from
last year because we've made a lot of
progress and to the point that you were
just making he singled out nikki Haley
and Mike Pompeo in the audience for the
great job they're doing so this is this
is the mystery of Donald Trump as
president a few hours ago he was
insulting the entire organization in the
gathering and now he's complimenting his
his foreign secretary of state state
department secretary and his UN
Ambassador for the work that they've
been doing which is sort of not the same
as the work he seems to want done no no
he right he goes from roasting the UN to
toasting the yes correct and literally
and and in doing it you know you get to
judge which is the real Donald right
well it seems to me the real Donald
Trump is the one that's roasting the UN
you know I think he goes through the
motions sometimes when he has to in
terms of honoring the organization you
and not it doesn't matter almost what
you and I think about it which one we
want there are world leaders there who
have to make decisions about their
agreements with the United States their
trade negotiations with the United
States their political alliances their
military alliances right and what what
have they seen they saw the u.s. pull
out of the Paris Accords out of TPP they
see the u.s. dissembling NAFTA attacking
NATO everywhere there's an international
agreement pulling out of you and Human
Rights Commission stopping funding for
the UN refugee programs in Palestine
every move they make is actually
anti-globalist anti international and so
you know what do they believe
not-not-not the toast the roast now he
didn't mention Iran and that's kind of
interesting because he's had a lot of
negative things to say about Iran as
does John Bolton but he did say in an
interview that he might want to
- Hassan Rowhani seems like a really
good man so again same issue roaster
toast without a tweet and he said I'm
sure he that's right on a tweet it was
it the other thing the other thing he
kept saying was you know they want to
meet with me except that rouhani said no
we don't want to eat with you right and
so this is again Trump putting up a good
front on this kind of a thing and
wanting to make it about him and about
his magic powers in this toast he just
made he talked about North Korea right
and he said things are much better well
one of the things that's much better is
Trump's not saying the bad stuff that he
said a year old a rock oh man a Europe
and then you know he's collected a
couple of smaller things and a little
bit of progress and he's playing that up
but remember a year ago the problem was
North Korea's nuclear program now the
evidence suggests North Korea's making
more nuclear weapons and he's ignoring
it he's just completely downplaying the
fact that the core issue the nuclear
threat from North Korea is actually
getting more serious it's remarkable hey
MSNBC fans thanks for checking out our
YouTube channel subscribe by clicking on
that button down there and click on any
of the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
