joining me now Richard Haass president
of the Council on Foreign Relations
author of a world in disarray American
foreign policy and the crisis of the old
order your book I tell you every year
how prescient it was when you first
first wrote it Richard we are seeing the
destruction of the old order absolutely
but almost akin to the health care
experience in this country Andrea we're
seeing more the destruction of an order
rather than its replacement with
something else what we heard from the
president today was quite interesting
essentially saying America first is what
we've adopted and we suggest to you if
you're India you should become India
first if you're Israel you're Israel
first it's it's a remarkable it's a real
rebalancing away from internationalism
and then there in the direction of
extreme nationalism the other point here
is also what he just said at a meeting
with the Colombian leader he talked
about Iran they have a policy an idea
which they've been trying to talk to us
about at the State Department of having
new negotiations with Iran on missiles
on their support for Hamas and Hezbollah
their involvement in propping up the
Assad regime so here's what he said
about future the possibility of future
discussions with Iran at some point
they're gonna want to negotiate I have
said no so far at some point we will
have meaningful discussions and probably
do a deal I don't see how it works said
otherwise because otherwise they're
going to be in the worst economic
trouble of any country anywhere in the
world but this is what President rouhani
of Iran said to Lester Holt in his
exclusive interview yesterday Richard
there is no such program for a meeting
mr. Trump did not create conditions
necessary to bring about the atmosphere
conducive to a meeting so where do we
stand at this hour on this day in a
speech which is not interrupted by
applause except for that one nervous
laughter when he was boasting about
America's achievements under him
well in the large sense we stand pretty
much juxtaposed against the world
America first is a narrow approach to
internationalism
and we're what we can expect as others
to take matters into their own hands
when it comes to Iran essentially the
United States is going to introduce as
you know in early November a whole other
wave of sanctions and what we're hoping
is that we essentially bludgeon the
Iranians into accepting limits on among
other things their missile programs that
up to now they've not I'm skeptical it
will it will work but you know we're
going to see this play out over the over
the next few months but it was one of
the countries along with China on trade
along with Venezuela that really came in
for for serious criticism today and no
criticism of course for Vladimir Putin
who attacked our elections and is doing
more to prop up Bashar al-assad then
even Iran is on the ground certainly
they in the controlling the air I want
to ask you about your conversation with
Justin Trudeau today over the council
because he is not on the program to meet
with President Trump no he's not and
obviously the trade talks continue to go
on he's here along with Chrystia
Freeland his foreign minister who has
been speaking to Bob light hyzer the US
Trade Representative there still know a
couple of big sticking points and what's
it also became obvious from listening to
Prime Minister Trudeau this morning is
that the us-mexican bilateral agreement
in no way is a model or even a building
block for a new NAFTA for the contrary
the Mexicans for whatever set of reasons
accepted certain American positions that
the Canadians could never accept so it's
not obvious to me that on NAFTA shall we
say is in any way at hand I hope I'm
wrong
at least based upon what I heard this
morning here at the Council on Foreign
Relations from the prime minister it is
not at hand and let's just play a little
bit of Justin Trudeau just earlier today
at the council my focus on this
throughout has been simply not
escalating not opining not weighing in
my job is very simple it's to defend
Canada's interest in order to do
and Canadians interests having a
constructive relationship with with with
the president with the United States
administration while choosing to not
escalate or respond in kind is something
that we need to do and so a busy a busy
time the busiest time of the year here
but the u.s. more isolated I think with
the cuts in foreign aid with dropping
out of UN and relief programs for
Palestinians no talks with the
Palestinians no beliefs process to speak
of no peace plan yet this is quite a
moment for right it's it's quite a
moment it's a radical turn and what
makes it also odd is you would have
thought just by listening to the
president today that the last 70 years
had been awful for the United States and
we needed a wholesale change it was
really a tone of we'd been aggrieved
we've been ripped off and we're not
going to take it anymore like that
character Howard Beale in the movie
Network but when you look at look at the
last 70 years the last I checked Andrea
we've done quite well in terms of
prosperity democracy and security and
that's the that's the part of all this
that doesn't quite add up
Richard Haass as always it's a pleasure
thank you very much for joining us from
the Council on Foreign Relations
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
