today Turkey's president told the world
that Saudi Arabia committed premeditated
murder in Turkey when they sent an
assassination team to Istanbul to murder
Washington Post journalist Jamal
khashoggi the information and the
evidence that we have so far
collected indicate that Jamal khashoggi
was slain in a vicious violent murder
and there are indeed strong signs that
the incident was not a momentary issue
or a momentary result of something that
erupted on-site but rather the result of
a planned operation and now there is
official acknowledgment that there was a
murder where is the body
why do we still not have the body we
have never heard a speech like that by a
head of state ever President Erdogan
asked Saudi Arabia to extradite the 18
people that they have detained so that
they can be tried for murder in Turkey
where the crime was committed today in
Saudi Arabia general Khashoggi son was
summoned to publicly shake the hand of
the man who surely ordered the murder of
his father Crown Prince Mohammed bin
Salman the crown prince has been
preventing Jamal khashoggi son from
leaving Saudi Arabia and we can be sure
that the crown prince did not allow him
to leave today and did not tell him
where his father's body is today in
Washington Secretary of State Pompeo
revoked the visas of the Saudis who are
suspected of murdering Jamal Khashoggi
meaning only that they cannot travel to
the United States and the president of
the United States still cannot bring any
moral outrage or even any slight moral
quibbles or questioning to the case
instead the president chose today to try
to demonstrate his expertise in murder
conspiracies by saying that the Saudis
had a very bad concept for their murder
conspiracy and he
we would have had a better one if it was
his murder conspiracy and he tried to
demonstrate his expertise in cover-ups
saying that the Saudi cover-up was the
worst cover-up in the history of
cover-ups presumably Donald Trump would
have created a better cover-up for an
assassination in Turkey Donald Trump did
not say how the Saudi cover-up compares
to his and Michael Cohen's failed
cover-up of his adventures with stormy
Daniels which has now left Michael Cohen
as a convicted federal felon and Donald
Trump as an unindicted co-conspirator
they had a very bad original concept it
was carried out poorly and the cover-up
was one of the worst in the history of
cover-ups
and add the worst cover-up ever to
cover-up if you want to call it that
we're certainly no good the cover-up was
horrible the execution was horrible but
they should have never been at a
execution or a cover-up because it
should have never happened during our
discussion now ambassador Wendy Sherman
former Undersecretary of State and MSNBC
Global Affairs contributor and the
author of the new book not for the faint
of heart lessons in Courage power and
persistence and ambassador Sherman the
president begins by saying his words
they had a very bad original concept
very bad original concept is his
description of an international murder
conspiracy an international murder
conspiracy where the body was
dismembered and no one knows where it is
it was the most of all the many bizarre
things he said to talk about this as a
concept where the cover-up didn't go
very well when in fact it is a horrific
crime against humanity quite actually
and president Hollande today said to the
Saudis through his speech tell us who
the local conspirator is because the in
the Saudi story they say that there was
a local person in Turkey who's part of
this who may be currently in possession
of the body or know where the body or
body parts are indeed there's an awful
lot going on here and underneath all of
this
laurens are people who are authoritarian
leaders President Erdogan of Turkey is
an authoritarian leader Mohammed bin
Salman the crown prince is an
authoritarian leader the President of
the United States today said he's a
nationalist which is actually a term
used as a bedrock of fascism though I
don't think the president is a fascist I
do think in his own words he's a
nationalist you just discussed in our
country that's white nationalism but it
also speaks to authoritarianism and this
is a very disturbing time for all of us
let's listen what the president said
today when he was asked about holding
the Crown Prince accountable what we'll
have to do something but I will say this
I spoke with the king I spoke with the
Crown Prince yesterday and he strongly
said that he had nothing to do with this
this was at a lower level here we go
again this is Vladimir Putin told me
strongly that he had nothing to do with
this election interference
indeed I wonder what he did I guess he
never saw his children when they were
growing up but when they say to their
parents I really didn't take your money
never in that I don't think he knows the
predicate for this no this issue here is
we don't have to destroy our
relationship with Saudi Arabia we've all
done business with Saudi Arabia we've
all been impressed with some ways in
which they've helped us in intelligence
and strategic thinking about the Middle
East but this is a crime of untold
proportion to take a resident US citizen
and murder them in the Saudi consulate
and there have to be consequences
what would you be recommending to a
president today I would be recommending
to the President to look at how we
sanctioned Saudi Arabia for these
actions if I actually had the goods on
the Crown Prince I would have to speak
out publicly about that in real terms we
certainly should look at our arms sales
you know this 110 billion dollars of
arms sales is just not real they're
about maybe twenty five billion dollars
in sales that are on the books and the
rest of it is what we call a memory
of intent we hope to and in fact the
jobs the president talks about aren't
real either
when Lockheed Martin got a contract for
Black Hawk helicopters they're going to
be assembled in Saudi Arabia to provide
jobs for Saudi Arabians not for
Americans so the president isn't telling
us the truth here something new and
different but more importantly we are
not looking at our values yes we have
interests and values and they don't
always align but if you don't go with
your values you never get to them one
quick point about the United States
president saying we're gonna pull out of
our arms agreement with Russia
it's an insane decision we've now given
up all of our leverage with Russia
you stay in arms control agreements and
you have them because you are going to
have problems and you use them to create
leverage we have now given a blank check
to Russia to proceed forward the
president said today we're gonna have an
arms race we're gonna see to use a
phrase whose hands are bigger here and
we've also told China it's fine for them
to go ahead it was a really really
insane decision that is against our own
national security interest have you ever
used the phrase insane decision for any
president rarely yeah former ambassador
Wendy Sherman thank you very much for
joining us tonight thanks for checking
out our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
