judge Cavanaugh's national TV interview
a first for a Supreme Court nominee is
part of a Republican counter-offensive
designed to keep sexual misconduct
allegations from derailing Cavanaugh's
confirmation the judge said he wants
quote a fair process so that he can
publicly defend his integrity repeating
the phrase 17 times in 25 minutes he
responded to the allegations one by one
starting with dr. Christine Blasi Ford
who says Cavanaugh tried to rape her
when the two were teenagers they have
never had any sexual or physical
activity with dr. Ford and the truth is
I've never sexually assaulted anyone in
high school or otherwise I am NOT
questioning and have not questioned that
perhaps dr. Ford at some point in her
life was sexually assaulted by someone
in some place or what I know is I've
never sexually assaulted anyone and then
there was the allegation just made
public over the weekend that Cavanaugh
exposed himself to Deborah Ramirez while
the two were classmates at Yale I never
did any such thing I never did any such
thing the other people alleged to be
there don't recall any such thing if
such a thing had happened it would have
been the talk of campus the women I knew
in college and the men I knew in college
says it's inconceivable that I could
have done such a thing and there are
some other accusations floating around
out there alleging even more extreme
forms of sexual misconduct Cavanaugh
said overall they just can't possibly be
true
I've never sexually assaulted anyone I
did not have sexual intercourse or
anything close to sexual intercourse in
high school or for many years thereafter
and the girls from the schools I went to
and I swear saying that all through all
these years that our
January virgin that's correct never had
sexual intercourse with anyone in high
school correct through what years in
college this work probing into your
person yes many years after I'll leave
it at that
Kavanagh is hardly making his case alone
according to the hill the White House
held a conference called Monday morning
with administration officials vouching
for Cavanaugh's character and urging
surrogates to publicly defend him the
president himself called Kavanagh on
Monday to tell him privately that he's
still stood behind the nomination and
publicly we're hearing more and more of
these last couple of days are
Republicans including the president
blaming Democrats for the allegations
six years ago and thirty years ago never
mentioned it all of a sudden that
happens in my opinion it's totally
political a smear campaign pure and
simple
aided and abetted by members of the
United States Senate well it's amazing
to me that these allegations come out of
nowhere at the last minute that's not
untypical for our friends on the other
side to pull that kind of crap it does
seem as though the allegations from
Debra Ramirez published in The New
Yorker represented a sort of tipping
point because before that Republicans
including the president have been
careful to say that Cavanaugh's initial
accused or dr. Ford should be heard but
after Ramirez alleged some horrific
behavior in college the White House and
the RNC began circulating emails
challenging her story Republicans like
John Cornyn and Orrin Hatch essentially
saying they don't buy any of it the GOP
leadership scorched earth approach to
Ramirez was in sharp contrast to
Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck
Grassley correspondence with Christine
Ford after four complete about
McConnell's sharp accusatory remarks
Grassley released a letter he'd sent to
her that read quote I'm writing to say
that I'm committed to a fair and
respectful treatment of you he signed it
Chuck and added Pia
I look forward to your testimony we know
that testimony is still set to take
place this Thursday in front of
Grassley's committee but if it does
happen how much will it matter
on Monday Majority Leader McConnell
seemed to promise Kavanagh would get a
vote no matter what I want to make it
perfectly clear mr. president
judge Kavanaugh will be voted on here on
the Senate floor up or down on the
Senate floor it's fine nominated the
Supreme Court will receive a vote in
this in the near future
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
