pterri general world leaders ambassadors
and distinguished delegates one year ago
I stood before you for the first time in
this Grand Hall I addressed the threats
facing our world and I presented a
vision to achieve a brighter future for
all of humanity
today I stand before the United Nations
General Assembly to share the
extraordinary progress we've made in
less than two years my administration
has accomplished more than almost any
administration in the history of our
country America's so true
didn't expect that reaction but that's
okay
thank you for checking out our YouTube
channel why don't you subscribe it's
really easy just click on that button
down there and for more news from MSNBC
click on any of these videos here for
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more videos from MSNBC with our
newsletters head over to msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up
