President Trump will address the United
Nations General Assembly this morning
little less than three hours from now
and one of the top talk topics could be
the tensions with Iran
this morning the president tweeted quote
despite requests I have no plans to meet
Iranian president Hassan rouhani maybe
someday in the future I'm sure he's an
absolutely lovely man
exclamation point what yeah but Hani
told NBC News yesterday that wait wait
wait no homeland can we go back to that
and I want to go back to just ask them I
am sure he is an absolutely lovely man
this is it could be so much worse job
far different than what he was saying
while the Obama administration was
negotiating with that absolutely lovely
man
it's fascinating breathing breathing but
rouhani told NBC News yesterday that he
has no intention of meeting with Trump
saying that the US would first have to
re-enter the 2015 nuclear deal joining
us now former DoD official and former
executive director of the Graham talent
WMD Commission dr. Evelyn Farkas she is
a senior fellow at the Atlantic Council
and an MSNBC national security analyst
also with us the Dean of John Hopkins
School of Advanced International Studies
vali Nasr and thank you so much for the
beautiful and then in honor of my father
last week with no it was wonderful it
was really great to have you both thank
you so much for doing that well let me
ask you first there were fears coming
into this administration that Donald
Trump would be a war monger along the
lines of his national security advisor
John Bolton talking about bombing Iran
bombing North Korea in fact if anybody
has reason to be concerned with Donald
Trump right now it would be people like
John Bolton because he's bending over
backwards paying compliments to Kim
jong-un and now saying the leader of
Iran is a lovely man how do you sort
through that what do you make of it
well I think the president as was the
case with North Korea wants to talk to
Iran he wants to have his own deal
the reason he came out of the nuclear
deal because it was Obama's deal so he
actually wants to cut a deal with Iran
but I think Bolton and perhaps others in
his national security team want to go
the full lot a full load with Iran they
want potentially regime change they want
Iran to change in a major way they don't
want to sit down and talk to Iran right
and as a result right now there's
tension within the administration we can
see that the president sending one set
of signals and his national security
team is sending its different set of six
so let's talk about North Korea there's
been so much chaos on the president's
Twitter feed the Russian summit the
statements he's made and yet we see the
leaders of North and South Korea coming
together
Luzi Donald Trump once again engaging
has that chaos the sort of that chaos
theory the Donald Trump seems to follow
in diplomacy led to some creative
solutions in North Korea that we may not
have seen if we had had a president that
had gone by the book I guess the best
way to ask that question is are we
better off in with North and South Korea
today than we were in January of 2017
I think definitely it looks better now
but this picture can change very quickly
the problem is that it's others who are
taking advantage of the chaos to build
their own strategies to serve their own
national interest it's not just South
Korea it's also China as well that is
pursuing its own agenda for instance the
Trump strategy has created a fissure
between the United States and South
Korea United States and Japan the South
Koreans that have to rely on China a lot
more to manage North Korea it looks like
the president is very good at creating
the chaos but it doesn't have actually
ground game of how does he get this home
and I think that's what actually the
Iranians notice so okay we sit down with
him what comes next
he doesn't have a plan about how he's
going to deliver and they also read New
York Times as anonymous piece they read
Bob Woodward's book and they have a
sense that Trump may get him into the
room but he may not be able to deliver
on what he promises on Iran ideally
there are different agendas from John
Bolton and from
president but the means of getting to
that agenda seems to be the same which
is maximum pressure on the regime is
there a concern that the maximum
pressure leads the Iranian regime to do
something it backs them into a corner
where they lash out in some way whether
it's through some terrorist activity
around the world and that creates a
military dynamic that might spin out of
control or lead to consequences we can't
perhaps foresee with John Bolton as he
is we think pushing for a regime change
there right I mean I think the Iranians
are not likely to do anything crazy
right now because they have the
Europeans on their side and the part
that you know I think was implied here
but we didn't really talk about yet is
that the president is taking on multiple
agreements trade agreements
non-proliferation agreements across the
board simultaneously and without the
benefit of having our traditional allies
with us so in the case of the Iranian
deal they were part of the deal was
basically the people you know the p5 the
nuclear powers in the UN Security
Council plus Iran we made the deal but
the Europeans said we're gonna actually
stick with the deal now it doesn't mean
that much because corporations will
decide they don't wanna be sanctioned by
the US government but politically it
does mean something to the Iranians so I
don't think they're gonna do anything
radical they're also under intense
pressure
vali alluded to that internally there
people are sick and tired of them
spending money on wars in the
neighboring countries including Syria
and in Syria that's one place where
actually our president has been a little
bit more hawkish
than elsewhere you know he's standing
his ground there he's sticking with
secretary mattis and he's saying we're
not gonna leave until we've dealt with
the terrorist problem I think that's a
good thing
right I do think it's a good thing
because I think that's where we get some
leverage you know if we can maintain a
presence there it will help us
diplomatically to resolve the overall
situation plus there are about two
million people holed up in it live
whose lives are at stake in Syria and
these are innocent civilians not not all
of them are fighters if you're the
Russians
you've got the Iranians you've got the
Syrians a lot a lot of traffic in Syria
and yet our fighting force right there a
small footprint is certainly doing an
awful lot yeah they are in the valley
there's a
did tweets I just wanted to point out
the president tweeting this morning that
he's sure rouhani is a lovely man two
months ago on July 22nd the president
tweeted to Iranian president rouhani all
caps now never ever threaten the United
States again or you will suffer
consequences the likes of which few
throughout history have ever suffered
before so what's the president up to now
you say he wants a deal what does that
deal look like how is it different than
the one he just ripped up well first of
all he's also going into this meeting
that he's chairing at the United Nations
which potentially the Iranian president
could attend if he wants to because the
meeting is on Iran and therefore I think
he's trying to also manage that meeting
ahead of time the deal won't be that
different ultimately there might be some
changes on the sunset clause or
ballistic missiles but the Iranians are
also going to ask for certain things not
everything's going to be on the table so
be a variation of what Obama already
agreed to something again this is
typical of the president because you
just signed yesterday this agreement
with South Korea this new trade
agreement but this new trade agreement
if you talk to the trade experts it's
not that different yeah so so John the
Heilmann let me ask you how do voters
sort through let's say the president of
North Korea where Barack Obama told him
that North Korea was the one issue that
was going to be keeping him up at night
the first six months of the
administration we heard from people high
up in the administration that we were
headed to a ground war in North Korea
one place it as a 50/50 possibility now
here we are a year and a half later and
the north and the south are talking to
each other do voters look at that take
that as a positive and a success for
Donald Trump's foreign policy well I
think look then what has happened I
think with Trump on on this is that for
the people who are generally at the
level of amid the kind of following
Trump is a foreign policy president
through his Twitter feed which is
certainly the way in which most people
get their information about Donald Trump
I think that people who were inclined to
think that that is the way he talks
about everything on Twitter is
problematic you know would look back at
some of the bellicose rhetoric and now
some of the
the rhetoric that's like anti bellicose
and see a temperamental issue with
Donald Trump for most people though to
your point Joe earlier I think who are
who are much more focused on issues that
affect them on the domestic level are
much more focused on on stuff that gets
it that brings closer to home they look
at Trump as kind of being a big talker
who hasn't actually done that much on
the world stage that in dangers the
country it's an issue that I think a lot
of us are focused on certainly with a
question of Trump's relation to Russia
people still remember obviously Helsinki
but on questions like North Korea in
South Korea on questions like the Iran
deal do I do I think that that is going
to be a salient voting issue in the
midterm elections I do not all right
John Heilemann thank you very much dr.
Evelyn Farkas and belly Nasser thank you
both as well for being on the show
thanks so much please come back and
coming up we'll go inside the infamous
June 2016 Trump Tower meeting with the
man who organized it Rob Goldstone
explains why he reached out to Don
junior to connect the Trump campaign
with the Russians Morning Joe is coming
right back thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
