day 613 of the Trump administration and
all eyes are on Thursdays planned
meeting between President Trump and
deputy AG rod Rosenstein as he deals
with the fallout from the explosive
article late last week in The New York
Times
Rosen Stein's job seems safe for now
after an important meeting at the White
House today with chief of staff John
Kelly we'll have much more on all of
that in just a moment
however Thursday is also when we are set
to hear from Supreme Court nominee Brett
Kavanaugh and his accuser dr. Christine
Blasi Ford when she testifies before the
Senate Judiciary Committee and earlier
tonight Michael avenatti told Rachel
Maddow on this very Network that he's
representing a client someone new to
this story and unknown to all of you all
of us as of yet a woman prepared to make
credible allegations against judge
Kavanagh I'm representing one client who
I can describe as a witness and victim
as well as additional corroborating
witnesses to what she is going to allege
publicly within the next 48 hours as it
relates to her particular allegations
we're not going to provide additional
information beyond that which is
contained within the emails that I
exchanged with the Senate Judiciary
Committee earlier today Kavanagh called
advanced claims from avenatti false and
outrageous and said he's not going
anywhere after another accusation of
sexual misconduct surfaced which brings
us to last night's story
the alleged incident that took place
while Kavanagh was in college at Yale
The New Yorker magazine details an
accusation from a Connecticut native
named Deborah Ramirez who says she
remembers Kavanagh exposing himself at a
drunken party roughly 35 years ago
Ramirez says she was drinking that night
and acknowledged that there are
significant gaps in her memory of that
evening as a result but she said after
six days of carefully assessing her
memory
she's confident it was Cavanaugh
Cavanaugh denied the allegation in a
letter to the leaders of the Senate
Judiciary Committee today he wrote in
part quote another false and
uncorroborated accusation from 35 years
ago was published once again those
alleged to have been witnesses to the
event deny it ever happened there is now
a frenzy to come up with something
anything that will block this process
and a vote on my confirmation from
occurring these are smears pure and
simple earlier this evening in light of
his nomination in peril and the weight
of these new allegations Cavanaugh and
his wife Ashley took the rare step of a
joint television appearance with martha
maccallum of Fox News I never did any
such thing never did any such thing the
other people alleged to be there don't
recall any such thing if such a thing
had happened it would have been the talk
of campus the women I knew in college
and the men I knew in college says it's
inconceivable that I could have done
such a thing and then New York Times has
reported that just last week the person
making the accusation was calling other
classmates saying she was not sure that
I had done this meanwhile as we
mentioned on Thursday we expect to hear
from Brett Cavanaugh's first accuser dr.
Christine Blasi Ford a California
college professor she is set to testify
against Kavanagh before the Committee on
the Judiciary at 10:00 a.m. although we
know the hearing will be open to the
public and that dr. Ford will testify
first other details are still being
worked out as we've reported dr. Ford
has accused Cavanaugh of sexually
assaulting her at a high school party
back in the 80s Cavanaugh again denied
the allegation in tonight's interview on
Fox News I was never at any such party
the other people who are alleged to be
present have said they do not remember
any such party a woman who was
present another woman who was present
who is dr. Ford's lifelong friend May
then has said she doesn't know me
and never remembers being at a party
with me at any time in her life I am NOT
questioning and have not questioned that
perhaps dr. Ford at some point in her
life was sexually assaulted by someone
in some place but what I know is I'd
never sexually assaulted anyone
Cavanaugh also told Fox News he will not
withdraw his nomination to the Supreme
Court and that he still has the support
of the president we're looking for a
fair process where I could be heard and
defend the my integrity my lifelong
record my lifelong record of promoting
dignity and equality for women starting
with the women who knew me when I was 14
years old
I'm not going anywhere
do you believe that President Trump is
gonna stand by you throughout I know
he's gonna stand by me called me this
afternoon sites standing by me Senate
Republicans are coming out with a more
forceful defense of judge Kavanagh of
late earlier today in a speech on the
Senate floor senator Mitch McConnell
blasted something he named six or seven
times the smear campaign by the other
side against Kavanagh even by the
far-left standards this shameful
shameful smear campaign has hit a new
low
and I want to make it perfectly clear
mr. president judge Cavanaugh will be
voted on here on the Senate floor up or
down on the Senate floor this fine
nominee to the Supreme Court will
receive a vote in this Senate in the
near future
president Trump here in New York is also
standing by his Supreme Court nominee
here is his response after being asked
if he's confident that Cavanaugh would
be confirmed this is a fine man and we
certainly hope on that let's bring in
our leadoff panel on a Monday night
Peter Baker chief White House
correspondent for the New York Times
Cynthia auxin a former federal
prosecutor and a veteran of the Civil
Rights Division at justice and Frankfort
luzie former FBI assistant director for
counterintelligence who in the past has
worked for among others one Robert
Muller good evening and welcome to you
all
Cynthia as it often does counselor it
falls on you to sum it all up where are
we tonight where are we in light of the
new avenatti client where are we in
light of the Fox News television
interview where are we in light of an
approaching hearing on Thursday well and
you have to add to that where are we
with this new yearbook post yeah I left
a couple things out yeah so let's look
at the yearbook post for a second
because small facts reveal big truths
share with our audience what word right
go singing so what we know is from the
New York Times and from his yearbook
he had a yearbook page
included a comment and he had a girl's
name that I'm not gonna repeat because
she's been through enough
alumni alumnus and 14 other boys had the
same thing and it was essentially a
running joke that these boys had and in
in essence they're calling her a slut
that's what's going on and they thought
that was funny and they thought that was
acceptable and when asked about it of
course he denies and has some excuse and
what we know is from that small fact is
he's the type of person who could be so
vile and so disrespectful to the women
he's around and that he continues to lie
about it and he lies about that and he
lies about whether or not he got the
documents from Senator Leahy and Senator
Kennedy and Lisa graves and he lies
about whether or not he knew that Judge
Kozinski was sexually harassing people
and he's nan he's lied about what he's
done to these other women so what we
have is a candidate for the United
States Supreme Court who wants to be
confirmed for the most important
lifetime appointment we have in this the
greatest country the world and he's a
liar if that's what we have if you're
right and he's lying
how do you square that other Brett
Kavanaugh with the person we saw on that
Fox News interview sitting next to his
wife tonight
that person was coached and when he got
the Klimt over some question that is
just it's it's coaching and it you know
would be one thing if he said you know
what when I was young and stupid I was
young and stupid and I apologize and
I've heard and I had hurt people's
feelings but that's not it he says I was
always a boy scout I was always a
champion of women that's not true
and it and maybe he has grown up in the
manner in which he treats women there's
nothing like children and girls to teach
you that right we had kids but but the
other things in his ambition dis lying
about Kaczynski and the lying about the
documents that he did receive as a
political operative from Leahy and
Kennedy and Lisa graves that's a
character trait and he's got it he's got
it in spades
Frank your former organization the FBI
sure has been part of the conversation
of late and I'm curious with an FBI
veteran like yourself to hear all of us
laypeople talking about how an
investigation could be done it would be
normal to bring in the FBI it could be
done in three days what kinds of things
could a professional if I if I dump the
shoebox of this case in front of you
what kinds of things could you bring
back to help this hearing to better fill
in the blanks as to who Brett Kavanaugh
is so Brian there's not only tangible
investigative benefits to bringing in an
independent fact-finder but it also
would serve the Senate so much better to
be able to say we're not we know we're
not the experts on this we want to give
it to the professional investigator so
here's how the FBI would approach this
and by the way it's been done many times
before with high-level nominees I
personally in my career have been
involved in briefing the White House
under rogatory information on their
nominees and have gone so far to get
White House concurrence on a polygraph
and interrogation of their nominee which
by the way cleared that nominee who
moved forward all of this can be done in
a matter of days so you have an expert
on sexual assault interviews who could
interview the surviving victim right you
you have people who could get brought
into an FBI interview who would be told
right up front it's a violation of
federal law to lie to us there's
independent corroboration tracking of
time and place
that could all be done by an independent
fact-finder and the White House is the
only body that could call the FBI back
in and tell them to reopen the case and
if you're innocent the FBI is your
friend
they are finders of fact we seek the
truth and we pass on the product okay
Peter Baker will you know when there are
any signs if there are ever any signs of
wobbly support by the White House well
for the moment the White House is all in
on judge Kavanagh and there's a couple
reasons for what that one of course is
this is a president who himself has been
on the receiving end of allegations of
sexual misconduct he
has a tendency to therefore sympathize
with those who also are so accused and
gets his back up when when these
accusations come across remember of
course we'll and more in Alabama
secondly it's as a matter of strategy
there's not enough time between now and
the election to put forward another
nominee and get that nominee confirmed
most likely if that's the case then
they're taking their chances on how the
election turns out if Democrats are to
win and remember it's a 51 to 49 Senate
right now that's a very different
ballgame for this this Supreme Court
seat so the best option from a strategic
point of view for the White House is to
try to get judge Cavanaugh in there
relatively quickly which is why you saw
Senator McConnell gap on the floor today
and vowed he will have that vote
regardless of what is said at that
hearing but you've got a few Republican
senators who are on the fence and
they're gonna be paying a lot of
attention to what it said on Thursday
and I think you will you know it really
depends on the credibility and the
presentations of these two witnesses and
how they strike these wavering senators
who will make the decision hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
