and thanks to at home for joining us
this hour how was your weekend mine was
fine I caught a brown trout which is
awesome and I put it back I was supposed
to get a new washing machine this
weekend but I blew it off and didn't do
it so that means the old washing machine
has another week to blow up and leak I
did some filing Susan made shepherd's
pie Patriots lost remember normal
weekend's right this weekend I actually
tried to pretend that things are normal
now clearly they are not even before we
had our national fire drill this morning
when it looked like the president was
firing the Deputy Attorney General
overseeing the Russia investigation even
before that fire drill this morning it
was clear through the end of last week
all through this weekend and through
today that the news is just persistently
off its axis right now and I know that
can make it a little bit hard to get
your balance I know I know we're gonna
have more on the rod Rosenstein fire
drill which did sort of look like an
emergency this morning and then it
wasn't he's still in his job we're gonna
have more on that to come including
speaking with a senator who's been
trying to protect the special counsels
investigation from just that kind of
threat that we went through the motions
of this morning so that's ahead tonight
this hour but I got to tell you for the
second time in just a few days we're
actually starting this show tonight
without knowing if our first interview
is going to happen or not you might
remember this happened at the end of
last week as well when we started the
show expecting to be joined by one of
the lawyers representing Christine Blasi
Ford who has accused Supreme Court
nominee Brett Kavanaugh of sexually
assaulting her when he was 17 that
interview with dr. Ford's lawyer at the
last minute did not happen because dr.
Ford's legal team was in it was deep
into their negotiations with the Senate
Judiciary Committee about whether or not
Christine Blasi Ford would appear before
that committee to testify about what she
says was her experience with Brett
Kavanaugh those negotiations we're on
we're ongoing that evening ended up
scuttling that interview for us those
negotiations actually continued through
this weekend through the fishing and
skipping
the washing machine and all the rest of
it it was not until mid-afternoon
yesterday on Sunday that we got word
that in fact dr. Christine Blasi Ford
will testify at the Senate on Thursday
of this week
the White House and the republican-led
Judiciary Committee are still insisting
that no other witnesses will be allowed
to testify even witnesses who Ford says
could corroborate elements of her story
importantly the White House and Senate
Republicans are also insisting that the
FBI must not be allowed to reopen its
background investigation into Brett
Kavanaugh to examine this allegation
from Christine Blasi Ford so no external
investigation no witnesses but Ford
herself and Kavanagh himself will
testify at that hearing on Thursday
morning and if you were looking for the
universe to give you a patient little
explainer about why it might be a good
idea to have the FBI do background
checks on nominees why it's a good idea
to have the nation's premier federal law
enforcement agency look into allegations
against people who are up for high
government positions if you were looking
for bald-faced proof that it is not just
an inexplicable plan but a terrible plan
- in fact proceed with this nomination
without allowing the FBI to check this
stuff out that boldface proof arrived
just as the details are being finalized
this weekend for that for that committee
hearing on Thursday because just as that
hearing was finally getting all set up
all nice and tidy no witnesses
just Cavan on Ford one word against the
other no outside investigation that's it
will finally be done with this just as
that was all tied up with a bow the next
one broke you see the headline here
Senate Democrats investigated new
allegation of sexual misconduct from
Brett Kavanaugh as college years a
college classmate of Brett Kavanaugh
named Deborah Ramirez claims that during
a party where students were drinking
Kavanagh put his genitals in
face forcing her to touch them as she
tried to push him away quote I was
embarrassed and ashamed and humiliated
she remembers Cavanaugh standing to her
right and laughing pulling up his pants
Bret was laughing she said I can still
see his face and his hips coming forward
like when you pull up your pants she
recalled another male student shouting
about the incident somebody yelled down
the hall Brett Kavanaugh just put his
penis in Debbie's face she said it was
his full name I don't think it was just
Brett and I remember hearing that and
being mortified that this was out there
another classmate of Deborah ramirez's
telling the New Yorker that while that
while he the classmate was not present
for the party he says he is quote 100
percent sure that he was told at the
time that Brett Kavanaugh was the
student who exposed himself to Deborah
Ramirez at that party the same classmate
also independently confirmed a bunch of
the same details that Deborah Ramirez
told The New Yorker about the incident
including the specific room on the
specific floor in the specific building
where that where the party took place
the classmate tells The New Yorker quote
I've known this all along quote it's
been on my mind all these years when his
name came up it was a big deal so this
was published by the New Yorker again
this was published by the New Yorker
just as the Judiciary Committee was
announcing that it had reached a deal to
accept testimony from Christine Blasi
Ford the woman who says that Brett
Kavanaugh did this to her at this party
at Yale when they were undergraduates
she apparently did not approach
reporters about this matter rather it
was the New Yorker that approached her
after they had learned about this
alleged incident from others now that
the allegation is public though Ramirez
says she wants the allegation assessed
and partially quote for Ramirez the
sudden attention has been unwelcome she
was at first hesitant to speak publicly
but Ramirez is now calling for the FBI
to investigate Cavanaugh's role in the
incident quote I would think an FBI
investigation would be warranted she
said so once again we're back in the
position of
wondering why Republicans in the Senate
and why the White House are insisting
that the FBI must not be allowed to look
at this as part of their background
investigation into Cavanaugh the FBI
looks into allegations of sexual
misconduct and and all sorts of
different kinds of misconduct as a
matter of course when they do background
investigations that's what background
investigations are for why the White
House insists that Brett Kavanaugh must
be exempt from that process here that
was a hard thing to explain before there
were multiple allegations against him
now it seems almost like a short-sighted
thing a short-sighted way for them to
have approached this right imagine this
having gone a different way right first
allegation comes up they sit reopen the
background investigation have the FBI
look into it the FBI finds what it finds
that process is underway
they set a hearing they're gonna hear
back from the FBI now there's another
allegation we will also ask the FBI to
look into that then there's another
allegation at some point right and we'll
ask the FBI to look into that it's a way
to govern the process it also shows that
you're allowing these allegations to be
investigated that you're not trying to
sweep them under the rug in this case
they are left now with now mounting
refusals to let the FBI look into this
for the first allegation now for the
second allegation as well why can't the
FBI look into this there are two other
things from this New Yorker piece that
are going to I think end up being
important here the first is about how
Republican senators handled this second
allegation this is about about the
timing and again this is about that Yale
allegation that I just described quote
senior Republican staffers also learned
of this Yale allegation last week and in
conversations with The New Yorker
expressed concern about its potential
impact on Cavanaugh's nomination soon
after Senate Republicans issued renewed
calls to accelerate the timing of a
committee vote hey there's another
allegation coming hurry get him through
get the vote done get the vote done
before anything more comes out get
the court it's not a good look but
there's one other element of the story
that becomes important for the interview
that I think we are about to have in
just a minute tonight what are the
sticking points in the negotiations
about this hearing on Thursday and
Christine Blasi for testifying about
what she says was this sexual assault by
Kavanagh one of the sticking points and
setting up that hearing has been whether
or not anybody other than Ford and
Kavanagh would testify in Blasi Ford's
letter notifying Senator Dianne
Feinstein about the alleged assault she
names one of Cavanaugh's classmates as
having been in the room while the
assault happened
now the classmate has denied taking part
in the assault or witnessing it he told
an interview for from a conservative
magazine quote I don't remember any of
that stuff going on with girls but I
think this is this is the other thing
that's going to end up being important
from The New Yorker given that dr. Ford
has named this Kavanagh classmate mark
judge as essentially being complicit in
that alleged assault by Brett Kavanaugh
back when they were 17 Republicans thus
far are refusing to call him as a
witness but this is reported by Ronan
Farrow and Jane Mayer at The New Yorker
this weekend quote after seeing mark
judges denial Elizabeth razor who met
judge at Catholic University and was in
a relationship with him for about three
years she said that she felt morally
obligated to challenge his account that
quote no horseplay took place at
Georgetown Prep with women
Elizabeth razor stressed that under
normal circumstances she said I wouldn't
reveal information that was told in
confidence but she said quote I can't
stand by and watch him lie in an
interview with The New Yorker razor says
quote mark told me a very different
story
she recalled that mark judge had told
her ashamedly
of an incident that involved him and
other boys taking turns having sex with
a drunk woman now an attorney for mark
judge denies that categorically but even
before the New Yorker published that
account yesterday it was hard to
understand
Republicans agreed to hear testimony
from Christine Blasi Ford and from Brett
Kavanaugh about what she alleges but
they will not allow mark judge who was
reportedly in the room to be questioned
by senators at all that that was the
state of things and then on top of that
we get more now we have this quote I
represent a woman with credible
information regarding judge Kavanaugh
and Mark judge we will be demanding the
opportunity to present testimony to the
committee and will likewise be demanding
that mark judge and others be subpoenaed
to testify this as you can see here is
from attorney Michael avenatti who is
best known for representing stormy
Daniels and her legal dispute with the
president a dispute which has already
led the president's longtime personal
lawyer to plead guilty to multiple
felonies including two campaign-finance
felonies which Michael Collins said in
court he was directed to commit by the
President himself
shortly after Michael avenatti posted
that claim online that he represents a
woman with credible information
regarding judge Kavanaugh and Mark judge
the chief counsel working for Senator
Chuck Grassley and the Judiciary
Committee emailed mr. avenatti saying
quote you claim to have information you
consider credible regarding judge
Kavanaugh and Mark judge please advise
of this information immediately so that
Senate investigators may promptly begin
an inquiry and then in response to that
request from the Senate Judiciary
Committee
Michael avenatti started to spell it out
if you have not seen this already and
you don't know what I'm about to say I
will tell you there's a chance that you
might not want to hear this which is me
warning you that you might want to mute
me or distract the kids if they're
watching with you if you don't want to
hear those stuff you don't want your
kids to hear this but I'm gonna read it
and actually before I even read it to
you I will tell you tonight in advance
that Judge Cavanaugh has this evening
denied the implication of what mr.
avenatti spells out here but this is
what he spells out here quote
to the Senate Judiciary Committee quote
we are aware of significant evidence of
multiple house parties in the Washington
DC area during the early 1980s during
which Brett Kavanaugh mark judge and
others would participate in the
targeting of women with alcohol / drugs
in order to allow a quote train of men
to subsequently gang rape them there are
multiple witnesses that will corroborate
these facts and each of them must be
called to testify publicly as a
starting-point Senate investigators
should pose the following questions to
judge Kavanaugh number one that you ever
target one or more women for sex or rape
at a house party that you ever assist
mark judge or others in doing so number
two did you ever attend any house party
during which a women excuse me during
which a woman was gang raped or used for
sex by multiple men number three did you
ever witness a line of men outside a
bedroom at any house party where you
understood a woman was being excuse me a
woman was in the bedroom being raped or
taken advantage of number four did you
ever participate in any sexual conduct
with a woman at a house party whom you
understood to be intoxicated or under
the influence of drugs number five did
you ever communicate with mark judge or
anyone else about your participation in
a quote train involving an intoxicated
woman and number six did you ever object
or attempt to prevent one or more men
from participating in the rape or taking
advantage of a woman at any house party
please note that we will provide
additional evidence relating to the
above conduct both the committee and the
American public in the coming days now
that obviously is a list of questions
but within it is a rather staggering set
of allegations NBC News has not
confirmed any of the allegations here
either explicit or implied
mr. avenatti has thus far not identified
his client but as you heard there in
that piece of this that I just read he
says he has evidence to support these
allegations and that that evidence will
be forthcoming both to the committee and
to the public
mr. avenatti said today that he
represents multiple clients in this
matter most of whom are witnesses that
he says will support these
Asians but one of whom he is describing
as a victim avenatti saying today quote
warning my client Ari Cavanaugh has
previously done work within the State
Department the US Mint and the
Department of Justice
she has been granted multiple security
clearances in the past the GOP and
others better be very careful in trying
to suggest that she is not credible
Michael avenatti now says that this
client is about to go public with her
claims he also says that in advance of
that he's willing to explain what
exactly her claims are and so that's the
interview that we are about to have even
in advance of hearing what it is he has
to say though it is now quite impossible
to avoid the fact that the three women
who have come forward or in the process
of coming forward with allegations
concerning Supreme Court nominee Brett
Kavanaugh all three of them christine
Blasi Ford Deborah Ramirez this weekend
and now Michael a vanadis client all of
them say they would like their claims to
be subjected to scrutiny by the FBI if
the FBI is responsible for doing
background checks on nominees for high
office and they are all three of these
women now say they have information they
would like to provide to the FBI for
that purpose as it relates to Brett
Kavanaugh so the FBI can assess what
these women have to say and that is
something no lawyer would ever advise a
client to do if there was any worry at
all that the clients story was a lie we
do not know any more about these new
allegations than mr. avenatti
has thus far said publicly but he's now
going to detail them to us live here on
the earth that's next
hey they're armed cruisers from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
