we are gonna begin right now with Lisa
graves the former chief counsel for
nominations for the Democrats on the
Senate Judiciary Committee she is also
also a Deputy Attorney General in the
Department of Justice
Jill wine banks former assistant water
guide special prosecutor and MSNBC legal
contributor in John Heilemann national
affairs analyst for NBC News and MSNBC
zko hosts an executor of Showtime's the
circus where John Hammond was able to
get susan collins on the record this
weekend about her vote and we will come
to that in a moment John I want to start
with Lisa and Lisa what we learned from
Michael avenatti in this last hour which
is that by Wednesday if not possibly
sooner he will be presenting what he
calls both a witness and a victim of
Brett Kavanaugh it sounds like he means
during Brett Kavanaugh high school years
because he says it this that what she
will describe took place over a number
of years Rachael read in detail an email
that Michael avenatti said to the staff
members who you know the Republican
staff members on the Senate Judiciary
Committee about what the information he
has because they inquired of him
what information he has I'm gonna do a
short reading of it Lisa
and I want to get all of your reactions
to how you would expect the committee to
deal with this
Michael avenatti suggested the to the
committee that they asked Brett
Kavanaugh even in private as preparation
for this the following questions
did you ever target one or more women
for sex or rape at a house party
did you ever assist mark judge or others
in doing so did you ever attend any
house party during which a woman was
raped or used for sex by multiple men
did you ever witness a line of men
outside a bedroom at any house party
were you understood a woman was in the
bedroom being raped or taken advantage
of did you ever participate in any
sexual conduct with a woman at a house
party whom you understood to be
intoxicated or under the influence of
drugs did you ever communicate with Mark
judge or anyone else about your
participation
in quote a train and quote involving an
intoxicated woman did you ever object or
attempt to prevent one or more men from
participating in the rape or taking
advantage of a woman at any house party
and Lisa those are the questions that
Michael avenatti suggests that the
Judiciary Committee staff asked Brett
Kavanaugh right now
well those questions are highly detailed
and they certainly indicate that Michael
Polanyi feels confident that he has a
witness and cooperating witnesses to
make that sort of specific line of
questioning public I think that what
this shows again is the reckless process
that Senator Grassley and Senator
McConnell have engaged in on this
nomination reckless for perhaps direct
having himself but also for the United
States Supreme Court while they are
trying to rush this thing forward they
are refusing to call even to this moment
mark judge to testify to subpoena him
they've refused to have the FBI go back
and investigate the matters have already
come before word and there's a new
matter breaking almost every day now
about Brett Kavanaugh and I think that
in this circumstance where the Senate is
basically can created a kangaroo type
court where Grassley has had his chief
counsel interview Kavanagh which he's
had on Fox News tonight
that interview is utterly in violation
of the standing rules of that committee
of rule 10 that requires a bipartisan
deposition if there were one by staff
when for that to be under oath there's
no indication that Grassley staff has
any authority to supposedly put put
Brett Cavanaugh under oath and that's it
should be given anyway at all there's no
transcript there's nothing there that
gives it any credence and I would just
say it's important to remember here when
you're looking at credibility of
witnesses you have one witness this
Thursday Brett Kavanaugh who now has a
documented record of misleading the
committee and he has every incentive to
lie and you have a witness who has come
forward at great cost risking death
threats to tell the truth in dr. Ford
and so I think when you're weighing
motive that's important we know from
recent history and most of history that
the most
in reaction to an allegation of rape or
attempted rape is for the man to deny it
and for those denials to be false and so
I think it's important for the real
process to happen which is for this to
go back to the FBI and not proceed in
this hearing that excludes key witnesses
whether they're mr. a vanadis witnesses
or mr. judge himself along with others
who come forward this weekend and Jill
wine banks are looking at your reaction
to what you've heard from Michael
avenatti tonight basically confirming to
Rachel that what we will be hearing when
these when this accusation has
eventually made public does coincide
with the questions he was suggesting
that the committee asked Brett Kavanaugh
I think what we've learned about Michael
avenatti is that he produces what he
promises and I think that if the Senate
continues to ignore all of the witnesses
that people will vote based on that and
that the Republicans will be ousted in
much bigger numbers than is B even being
predicted now it is outrageous that
these witnesses are not being given a
chance to testify publicly the list of
questions that Michael avenatti
presented is a great start but there are
a lot of other questions one is why
hasn't the FBI gotten into this and
started to investigate and interview all
of his classmates in high school in
college in law school his clerks the
people he clerked with why aren't they
talking about the Kosinski chambers and
why a czar who preceded Kavanagh as the
clerk for Kaczynski why did he leave and
how can Cavanaugh say he didn't know
about the sexual misconduct in those
chambers there are so many things how
did he pay off this debt and was the
debt really for gambling I think we also
have to look at given everything we now
know as to whether he was then or is now
an alcoholic whether he's recovered or
not there was clearly a drinking problem
that's been brought out so there are a
whole lot of questions that as a trial
lawyer I say you can't ignore those and
as a voter I
will not ignore them let's listen to
some of what Michael avenatti told
Rachel in the last hour I'm representing
one client who I can describe as a
witness and victim as well as additional
corroborating witnesses to what she is
going to allege publicly within the next
48 hours as it relates to her particular
allegations we're not gonna provide
additional information beyond that which
is contained within the emails that I
exchanged with the Senate Judiciary
Committee but let me say this this woman
when she does surface will be found to
be 100% credible by the American public
I would not be representing her if I did
not believe her and if anyone has been
paying attention over the last six to
seven months they know that I do not
traffic in nonsense or rumor I utilize
facts and evidence and this woman will
prove to be credible and she is
believable and we are hopeful that the
committee will launch an FBI
investigation forth width we have also
asked that she be permitted to take a
polygraph examination which she has
agreed to do provided that Brett
Kavanaugh does the same and we have yet
to hear back from the Committee on a
host of issues that I raised over 10
hours ago John Heilemann how do you
suppose that interview landed in the
White House and Chuck Grassley x' office
tonight
you know first with the big loud thud
and then sort of with that kind of like
shock to the solar plexus of all those
folks look I mean I you know I think
that you as others have said this
evening and over the course the last
couple days as you know I've spent a
fair amount I'm Michael avenatti making
some television with him back in the
context of the early stormy Daniels
period I you know he has just critics he
has his fans but the one thing as Jill
has said a second ago is that he
produces results and he has he boasts
about the fact that the things that he
has predicted to come true have
generally come true and the thing
is asserted to be facts had generally
proven out so if I were that might be
very concerned about the situation I do
think the it was it was a ridiculous
previously that Mark judge was not being
subpoenaed before Michael a vanadis
email to the committee the fact that it
mark judges not being subpoenaed now if
he's not subpoenaed now going forward is
not just ridiculous it's a travesty this
is a person who strangely who I had some
acquaintance with in like in 1987 1988
when I first moved to Washington DC
where he was a frequenter at a bar in
Georgetown where I tended bar and he was
everything that you can imagine him to
be from the book he wrote he was an
obnoxious slob and lay disrespectful
thuggish drunk and someone who under
these circumstances must be subpoenaed
to appear before this committee if
there's any pretense or even uh even the
faintest whiff of a pretence of getting
at the truth of what actually happened
around Brett Kavanaugh and around the
various accusations that now cloud his
nomination the evidence comes from the
most surprising places John high almonds
days as a bartender now become relevant
here in our discussion John let me ask
you quickly I know you spent some time
with Susan Collins I saw it on your show
the circus Sunday night what day was it
when you managed to interview her
because this story's been moving so fast
and what I heard her tell you was that
she was close to his decision on the
vote but that was clearly before
anything that we're talking about
tonight it was it was on Friday night
she didn't event up at st. Anselm's in
New Hampshire where we caught up with
her that interview took place around 7
o'clock or so on Friday night so all of
the Cavanaugh and Professor Ford related
stuff that had happened last week was
all known to her what was not known to
her was the reporting by the New Yorker
and Michael avenatti allegations from
the weekend I will say to me the most
telling thing about it was her flat-out
declaration something she had not done
before I don't believe anywhere that she
was certain that Brett Kavanaugh would
not overturn roe v wade and we all
understand that that was one of the
important things for senator collins
ostensibly and figuring out where she
stood in this nomination
she said that dr. Ford needed to be
heard but she said that she was at that
point now again that was before these
new allegations but at that point she
said she was 95% of the way
towards I believe towards a yes for for
Kavanagh she firmly implied that she
felt she had reviewed all of his
materials she'd spent a lot of time with
him by her standards and again she had
come to a firm conclusion that he would
not not overturn roe v-- wade which of
course is not the conclusion of an awful
lot of other people in the world
including some Republicans so I thought
that this was a woman who just reading
the body language and knowing Susan
Collins history this is a woman who
wants to get the YES on Kavanagh and
Jill I want to get a quick one in with
you before we go to a break and I'm
gonna discuss this also with Lisa a
little bit later but in dr. Ford's
lawyers letter to Chuck Grassley tonight
one of the points they're talking about
is the committee's intention to bring in
what they're calling a a former
apparently experienced sex crimes
prosecutor to ask the questions for the
Republicans and and the attorneys for
dr. Ford are objecting to that saying
there is no precedent for this committee
to bring in outside counsel for the sole
purpose of shielding members of the
committee from performing their
responsibility to question witnesses
they also mentioned that the committee
was using the Watergate model as a
justification to which dr. Ford's
lawyers say the Watergate hearings
lasted for months resulting in over 319
hours being televised a completely
different situation we've never seen
this kind of practice before in a
confirmation hearing there is no
equivalency to anything in the Watergate
hearing to this and I don't know how
they think that they will protect the
men who are on this committee the
Republican men from any kind of
consequence by calling in a female to do
the questioning that is insulting to
both men and women men can ask civil
questions and can get the truth but it's
clear from everything we've learned
today and over the last week that the
one thing the Senate does not want is
the truth
it sounds like an admission that the
Republican members of the Senate
Judiciary Committee
are incapable of doing their jobs Lissa
greatest please stay with us we're gonna
take a break here at Jill wine banks and
John home and thank you very much for
starting us off tonight
thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
