as I mentioned at the top of the show we
started tonight sort of without a net
without knowing whether our first
interview would actually happen or not
the person we've been hoping to talk to
tonight is attorney michael avenatti you
may have met him first through his work
representing stormy Daniels and her
legal challenges to the president mr.
avenatti has exposed the president's
personal attorney Michael Cohen and the
companies that had to admit to paying
him millions of dollars mr. avenatti has
also worked on reuniting families who
were forcibly separated at the border by
Trump administration policy mr. avenatti
has become part of our national politics
now he's now saying he might run for the
White House himself in 2020 over this
weekend Michael avenatti said online
that he now represents a new client who
has something to say about the
nomination of Brett Kavanaugh for the
Supreme Court he said quote I represent
a woman with credible information
regarding judge Kavanaugh and his friend
Marc judge mr. avenatti told the Senate
Judiciary Committee today quote my
client is prepared to meet with the FBI
forthwith to disclose how she was
victimized and what she observed I will
tell you tonight that Brett Kavanagh has
categorically denied having any part in
what mr. avenatti is describing judge
Kavanaugh said tonight it was quote
totally false and outrageous an attorney
for Brett Kavanaugh friend Marc judge
tells us tonight that mr. judge will not
speak publicly at all while Brett
Kavanaugh is confirmation is still
pending before he stopped talking he
said that already that he doesn't want
to testify before the Senate apparently
the republican-controlled Senate is fine
with that we have not yet heard back
from lawyers for the Senate Judiciary
Committee tonight but I also have to
tell you that NBC News has not
independently reported out this story we
do not know any more about these still
anonymous allegations beyond what mr.
avenatti has said publicly but I think
we do now have Michael avenatti in place
and ready to take some questions about
this now joining us now I hope I think
yes it's Michael avenatti mr. avenatti
it's nice to see you thank you for your
time tonight
good to see you Rachel
so you said online that you are
representing a woman with credible
information regarding judge Kavanagh and
Mark judge what is the nature
of the information that she has about
judge Cavanaugh and his high school
classmate
well Rachel I'm representing one client
who I can describe as a witness and
victim as well as additional
corroborating witnesses to what she is
going to allege publicly within the next
48 hours as it relates to her particular
allegations we're not going to provide
additional information beyond that which
is contained within the emails that I
exchanged with the Senate Judiciary
Committee but let me say this this woman
when she does surface will be found to
be 100% credible by the American public
I would not be representing her if I did
not believe her and if anyone has been
paying attention over the last 6 to 7
months they know that I do not traffic
in nonsense or rumor I utilize facts and
evidence and this woman will prove to be
credible and she is believable and we
are hopeful that the committee will
launch an FBI investigation forth width
we have also asked that she be permitted
to take a polygraph examination which
she has agreed to do provided that Brett
Kavanaugh does the same and we have yet
to hear back from the Committee on a
host of issues that I raised over 10
hours ago you described representing her
but also other people in this same
matter the other people who you're
representing other than your client who
I should mention you are not naming at
this point are they people who are
witnesses to the behavior that she is
going to describe is this all one the
people that you're representing here is
this all about one specific allegation
no it's not about one specific
allegations it's a series of allegations
this is a pattern of behavior Rachel
that took place across many months and
many years and I will say this we have
demanded that Marc judge be subpoenaed
to testify before the committee in
public so that the American people can
mark judge answer questions about his
close friend Brett Kavanaugh so far
those requests have fallen on deaf ears
for some reason chairman Grassley and
others do not want the American people
to hear from mark judge for some reason
Brett Kavanaugh does not want the
American people to hear from his close
friend mark judge and I think that
should tell people everything they need
to know about mark judge and what he may
say and you just said a moment ago that
you expect your client will go public
with these allegations within the next
48 hours that sounds like you are doing
that in advance of the the hearing that
as of right now is still scheduled for
Thursday morning is that deliberate in
terms of trying to make sure that these
allegations are in the public eye before
that hearing convenes on Thursday
morning well that's one of the factors
absolutely Rachel and we've asked the
committee to allow her to testify we've
asked the committee to turn this over to
the FBI because to your point earlier in
the show we believe all of these
allegations not just the allegations
from my client not just the allegations
from the other clients that I have that
are corroborating witnesses but also dr.
Ford miss Ramirez and others all of
these allegations should be tested they
should be investigated by the FBI there
should not be a rush to judgment either
for or against Brett Kavanaugh you know
Justice Scalia's seat was kept open for
over 400 days Rachel there's no reason
why the Senate needs to be rushing a
vote as it relates to Brett Kavanaugh
this should be a fair and thorough
process in the email that you sent to
the Senate Judiciary Committee they
wrote to you saying you have made claims
publicly that you represent a client who
has credible information about our
nominee we want to know what those
claims are we will investigate you then
wrote back with a series of questions
that you said the committee should pose
to Brett Kavanaugh and those questions
are very provocative and they imply very
serious allegations not just about
sexual misconduct but
about what would be serious criminal
misconduct are you in fact an is your
client in fact going to allege serious
criminal behavior here that is what you
are implying in your communication thus
far with the committee yes Rachel I
believe that when these allegations are
surfaced within the next 48 hours there
will be no question that Brett Kavanaugh
is not fit to sit on the US Supreme
Court and we will ask for a thorough
investigation relating to these
allegations as well as allegations of
dr. Ford and others we understand the
seriousness of this we do not make these
allegations lightly and ultimately this
will be as in most cases of fight for
credibility whether people believe Brett
Kavanaugh whether they believe my client
as well as corroborating witnesses and
hopefully whether they believe Marc
judge we believe it's inexcusable Rachel
it is inexcusable
for chairman Grassley and others to be
covering up the testimony of Marc judge
they clearly do not want that individual
to testify your focus on mr. judge is it
about mr. judges own alleged bad
behavior or is there something about mr.
judge specifically that you feel like is
crucial to shedding light on the
allegations against Brett Kavanaugh Marc
judge isn't being nominated for anything
nobody hears on criminal trial the issue
here is whether or not mr. Kavanaugh is
fit to be on the nation's highest court
what is it about Brett excuse me about
Marc judge who does not want to testify
that's so necessary in terms of getting
to the bottom of this as far as you're
concerned because Marc judge and Brett
Kavanaugh were effectively Rachel joined
that they have for an extended period of
time
during the years at issue they
participated in various conduct together
which we believe is absolutely
disqualifying as it relates to Brett
Kavanaugh serving on the US Supreme
Court we believe Marc judges testimony
is critical we believe my clients
testimony is critical miss Ramirez
testimony is critical as well as dr.
Ford as well as additional
Rober 18 witnesses admittedly the
committee is not designed to hear from
all of these witnesses over the lengthy
period of time that it will take to get
to the bottom of this that's why they
should use the FBI
to properly investigate this earlier
tonight Brett Kavanaugh said that he
wants to be heard that he wants to fair
process well that's why we have the FBI
he'll have every opportunity to be heard
all of these accusers all of these
witnesses should be heard especially
mark judge in my client in terms of your
client again you said that there will be
public airing of what she says happened
to her and what she witnessed within the
next 48 hours that would precede the
Senate hearing but mr. avenatti if if
what you are describing here is criminal
behavior and if this was something that
dates to mr. Kavanaugh s time in high
school depending on what exactly your
client is going to be alleging here if
this is a criminal matter this the case
could be made that this is something
that necessarily be litigated through
the Senate this is something that should
be handled as a matter of criminal law
will there be a criminal complaint filed
is that something that you've addressed
with your client already will you expect
that there will be a law enforcement
element to this if these if this alleged
behavior is as serious as you're
suggesting I think Rachel they're very
melt well B or maybe a criminal
complaint made relating to this conduct
we don't believe a statute of
limitations would apply to it and we may
very well pursue criminal charges
relating to the perpetrators at issue
relating to what my client alleges but
again there should not be a rush for
this information to be presented to the
committee there should not be a rush for
a vote within the committee or the US
Senate relating to Brett Kavanaugh what
is the rush this is a search for the
truth and nothing but the truth and
Brett Kavanaugh should have an
opportunity to present his side my
client should have an opportunity to
present her side as well as others but
the bottom line here is
is a search for the truth period Michael
avenatti who's now representing a client
who is making allegations against judge
Brett Kavanaugh
mr. avenatti against saying that those
allegations will be made by his client
herself within the next 48 hours
thank you for joining us tonight sir
it's nice to have you here thank you
all right much more ahead including a
member of the Senate Judiciary Committee
joining us live stay with us hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
