rhod Rosenstein appointed Bob Muller and
is overseeing the Russia Pro Donald
Trump meeting with Rosen Stein now on
Thursday the same day as Judge Cavanaugh
is hearing Vanity Fair reporting that's
not a coincidence it's actually the
Trump thinks firing Rosen Stein would
knock Kavanaugh out of the news and
maybe even save his whole nomination now
if Trump does fire molars boss what
happens well to DOJ officials were
telling The Daily Beast they fear that a
Rosen Stein Alistair would reignite
Trump's efforts to put an end to the
Muller investigation now that's just a
theory I was just discussing theories
with Josh Gerstein but then you add
someone very close who's in the game
Donald Trump's own personal lawyer today
calling for a time out of the
investigation I think it's really
important that there be a step back
taken here and a review and I think it's
a review that has to be thorough and
complete and a review that has to
include an investigation of what is
transpired with all of these statements
and all of these allegations going back
to the stockin page in Bruce lore and
basically a timeout on this inquiry I'm
joined now by Maya Waialua former
counsel of the mayor of New York City
and the legendary journalist and
president of news and guts Dan Rather
he's covered his own share of
presidential crises over the years
including Watergate in fact here he is
questioning President Nixon in 1974
about overseeing that investigation into
himself how can the house meet its
constitutional responsibilities while
you the person under investigation are
allowed to limit their access to
potential evidence
mr. rather you have noted today on
Facebook where you do some of your
reporting nowadays that there is much we
don't know and I've emphasized that in
our reporting what do we know about what
could be concerning about any effort to
use the recent reports to subvert the
actual probe well what this is all about
from the president Trump standpoint is
stop the mother investigation is
obviously desperately trying to stop the
mother investigation but you know this
has been such a crazy day or a I went
through the Watergate period that's true
but this is even crazier and I think a
lot of people felt as I did today that
we're charted traveling through a
wormhole of the absurd in real time
history may look back on it in a
different way but you know this is about
Kavanagh the Rosenstein business is a
distraction from Cavanagh was designed
to be that I simply don't know but I
raise a question it was distraction for
a while
within lo and behold Cavanaugh appears
on Fox and years tonight with this
interview with his wife which pulls the
focus back to Cavanaugh itself but with
Rosen Stein that case Cavanaugh the
mother investigation yourself what we
don't know is so much greater than what
we do know that my respectful counsel to
people just take a deep breath
maybe whisper steady to yourself and see
how it all plays out you're saying if we
if we are in the meditation steady is a
good mantra to repeat not a bad idea as
a matter of fact before I turn to Maya
let me also ask you how do you compare
these two presents we just saw you
speaking to Nixon who was known to
operate quite differently behind the
scenes than his public persona during
the Watergate well it's who there are
all kinds of differences there are some
similarities in the way these two
president operates but they're two
completely different people in a
completely different time Richard Nixon
was number one clearly very intelligent
very smart he was very experienced in
foreign policy as well as domestic
policy and a congressman a senator
two-term vice president very experienced
whereas was president Trump whatever one
thinks about him you wouldn't say he's
very experienced in government I know
his supporters see that as a plus one
but it's a great difference with Nixon
but two things
strike me number one that both men had a
pet a strong streak of paranoia we all
have some paranoia have strong Street
paranoia and number two that both of
them seem dedicated not just to beating
their opponents politically but
destroying their opponents I would add
that they share an animosity towards
those who organize in favor of racial
justice in this country I think that one
of the things that's so striking to me
about the news of today and the way it
comes together is Jay Sekulow who has
been calling for an end to this
investigation in July he said it must
end in August he said it must end very
soon so he's obviously as an attorney
for the President as a personal attorney
taking every opportunity he can to argue
for the end of this investigation it
flies directly in the face of their
argument about the Cavanaugh Senate
confirmation which is someone who has
been accused of sexual assault who would
sit as one of the highest law
enforcement officers al and essentially
as a Supreme Court justice should not
have a full and thorough and transparent
investigation of his actions in an
accounting but somehow on Thursday on
the same day that that confirmation here
that confirmation hearing will continue
we will have some private conversation
between the President and Rob Rosenstein
about what transparency and background
he should have investigated right you
say that's ironic the president calling
for quote transparency one could argue
it's quite transparent what they're
doing and setting up a literal split
screen cable moment in a way that they
may think we're down to their benefit as
for mr. Rosen Stein he has previously
said he wasn't going to be bullied by
much of anything he was asked about
Republican efforts to potentially
impeach him a very high bar over what
most people thought were trumped-up
document requests take a look there were
people who have been making threats
privately and publicly against me for
quite some time and I think they should
understand by now the Department of
Justice is not going to be extorted that
was a political statement about
extortion by the
Republicans but how do you square that
with everyone wondering today was he
really considering resigning over a
single New York Times report that he'd
on the record deny because the end of
the day he denied it if that's true and
truth matters a lot if you're a
prosecutor to jail people if that's true
what he said there'd be no reason to
reward that by considering resigning
yeah it's very hard to square both the
rod Rosenstein that everyone I know
describes is a very thoughtful you know
person who does not is not a knee-jerk
reaction from this man who also knows
and understands full well having worked
tirelessly as far as I can tell to
protect the integrity of the Muller
investigation and to protect it from
politics even as a trump appointee let's
not forget he was appointed by Donald
Trump and confirmed by the Senate that
he would step aside and enable someone
who is going to be a much more
politicized actor to take his place who
could then say yes or no to anything he
so chose to Robert Muller because
remember the seat that Rosenstein sits
in is the seat that says yes you may
indict yes you can seek that warrant
fire yes you can publish your findings
yes you can publish your findings so
what we have is the idea that rod
Rosenstein would just step back after
all of the abuse that has taken over the
past year now especially over something
that is as contested as that New York
Times report since there were folks who
were cited in a separate report he said
I was in the room and actually he was
just joking I don't it's hard to imagine
right and the Dan Rather we don't know
how much Cypress Hill you listen to the
rap group but they used to say I ain't
going out like that
and it's hard to imagine Rod Rosenstein
going out like that if as he said Friday
twice he put out a Friday night late
statement this isn't true the other
thing I'd like your insight on is the
way that we've seen people just
completely destroyed through relatively
brief service in this White House that
doesn't seem different than history
although it's always been a tough town
Washington take a listen to not that
long ago when Donald Trump was praising
rod Rosenstein as the his validator in
that famous Lester Holt interview he
made a recommendation he's highly
respected very good guy very smart guy
the Democrats like him the Republicans
like him is that also something that you
see is fundamentally different how
quickly Donald Trump goes from holding
people up to try to destroy
fundamentally different than the Nixon
administration was I think fundamentally
different from any presidency in the
history of the country you go back and
look at the history of the presidencies
there's never been a president where it
was so obvious that Oh nearly everybody
who gets associated with Donald Trump in
one way or the other gets in very big
trouble
and you know Andrew Jackson had a lot of
difficulty Abraham Lincoln had a lot of
difficulty but nobody a year and a half
into their presidency had this many
people that they owned the one hand
president want began praising and then
pretty soon we're just on the side like
the trash right and that is striking and
you see it really relevant here is so
many of our potential witnesses and
they're involved in investigation of
what is a criminal operation in the
sense of so many guilty pleas what are
the crimes go to the top we don't know
yet my wily a regular dan Rather a
first-timer I hope you come back be
happy - thank you thank you sir I
appreciate it thank you as always hey
I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you can
see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our youtube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
