friend bread Cavanaugh this morning in
the wake of a second allegation of
sexual misconduct him published now by
The New Yorker it comes just days before
both Cavanaugh and Christine Blasi Ford
will testify before the Senate Judiciary
Committee over Ford's allegation that he
sexually assaulted her when they were
teenagers
Cavanaugh denies both claims Axios
reports today that Republicans plan to
fight quote foggy memories of his
accusers noting the plan is to fight
back right away and to emphasize denials
and hazy recollections and the mission
is to portray the debate as cheap-shot
politics orchestrated by liberals and
abetted by the media in his letter to
the Senate Judiciary Committee today
Cavanaugh once again called the
allegations to him against him smears
pure and simple White House counselor
Kellyanne Conway leveled a similar
charge in an interview with CBS this
morning I thought that his comment last
night about the second so-called accuser
is incredibly instructive he's not
calling this a smear campaign indeed
this is starting to feel like a vast
left-wing conspiracy there's a phrase
anyway on Capitol Hill today Senate
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell carried
that argument is step further pointing
the finger at his Democratic colleagues
let's watch even by the far-left
standards this shameful shameful smear
campaign has hit a new low Senate
Democrats and their allies are trying to
destroy a man's personal and
professional life on the basis of
decades-old allegations that are
unsubstantiated and uncorroborated 1
John McDonough Edwards a former
Democratic congressman from Maryland and
Charlie Sykes contributing editor to the
Weekly Standard Charlie I'm curious
about what you're hearing and what
you're thinking about the way this has
been handled and how the Republican
Party is going to get past this win or
lose how they going to look after a vote
is held next week perhaps yeah it's a
very dangerous moment but emotions are
running very very high obviously you
have some irreconcilable differences
here you have tremendous stakes and
maybe the truth is unknowable but I will
say that
there was a tremendous blow back to that
that New Yorker story and I do think you
need to separate that out from from from
dr. Ford you know the fact that there is
the the evidence is so thin it is weak t
and the fact that the New York Times
spoke to what they said were dozens of
potential witnesses none of whom who
could corroborate all of this so I think
that what's happened at least for the
moment and this is by the way dangerous
I think for the Republicans is because
they are they are so angry about that
with a regard as a smear that there is
an unusual pressure do not cave in do
not let them get away with all of this
so who knows how that's gonna play out
over the next several days do you think
you can read the Republicans do they
believe is it their judgment that if
these stories are true
the denomination should not be confirmed
no I don't think that's what they're
saying now obviously there are some who
are willing to say that but I mean
obviously these charges are
disqualifying and obviously his his
denials would be disqualifying if in
fact he did it but I do think that the
the this second allegation in some ways
has had the effect of undermining the
credibility of the first one because
look this is the moment where you want
solid credible information that lines up
this is also why I think it's a huge
mistake for Republicans not to reopen
the FBI investigation if they are
concerned about these false allegations
make people tell them to the FBI put
some real stakes there so the fact that
they are still reluctant I think is
somewhat inconsistent with their concern
about finding out what in fact is true
Donna we got the protesters now being or
other citizens were making their voices
heard on Capitol Hill today big crowds
demonstrated their opposition there they
are at the Kavanagh outside the offices
of several Republican senators including
Nebraska's Ben Sasse main Susan Collins
and Arizona's Jeff Flake look at the
people access reports the cabinet's
future arrest party with Republican
senator Susan Collins and Lisa Murkowski
of Alaska but the senator who most
worries Cavanaugh supporters is jeff
flake of Arizona who's retiring in his
rip Trump and it's been ripped by Trump
first of all there's three to
accusations now have developed because
about Michael avenatti so here we are
right and here's the thing if
Republicans really wanted to give you
know the judge judge Cavanaugh a clean
pathway into the into the Supreme Court
what they would do is open up an empty
FBI investigation they would start where
they started at the beginning which is
to hear Christine Ford hear dr. Ford
hear her out but it seems that they've
already come to judgment before that
which raises a question of for women all
across this country of what does it mean
to have a hearing if you've already
decided that you're gonna plow forward
with the investigation well the New York
Times reports that President Trump has
privately vented his frustration about
the Republican response to the
allegation against Cavanaugh but he
remains largely reduced to a spectator
noting constrained by his party's
perilous electoral prospects and the
accusation of sexual misconduct he
himself has faced in the past the
president virtually powerless to
influence the outcome perhaps his
administration's top priority try this
this thing the fact they don't want to
really have an FBI investigation they
don't want to hear from the guy judge
mark judge it was apparently a pretty
interesting character to put it lightly
according to knit The New Yorker piece a
pretty bad guy perhaps and yet they
don't want to hear from him how do they
defend that why not bring in the prime
witness yeah I think that's going to
have a long term the long term
consequences because you know at the
moment they you know they they don't
want to be ruled by the Democrats but if
they rush ahead and do plow ahead with
this and and and do this confirmation it
will stick with them because people will
say why didn't you know this why didn't
you slow down to get the facts because
look in a court of law there's a
presumption of innocence right you have
to prove that somebody is guilty beyond
a reasonable doubt but in the standard
for being on the US Supreme Court also
want to be that you ought to be
qualified beyond a reasonable doubt and
if these are in fact serious charges
which they are wouldn't you do
everything possible to get as close to
the truth as you can and again reopening
the FBI investigation seems to be the
simple no-brainer here so you have to
ask why are they not doing it and their
failure to do it is gonna be very
difficult to explain going forward last
night well
I think that this is going to come down
to Christine Ford sitting at the in the
Senate and offering her testimony and
her believability her credibility and I
think it ends right there I'll be
surprised if judge Cavanaugh last
through the gavel talk I don't think he
looks too strong I would wait to see how
strong she is but I agree complete with
Donna this is television live television
daytime television we're gonna make
everybody's gonna make their own
judgments hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
