a second person has accused Brett
Kavanaugh of sexual misconduct this time
while he was in college
this latest claim detailed in The New
Yorker comes from a Yale classmate named
Deborah Ramirez
she says she remembers among other
things that Cavanaugh exposed himself
she admits some of her memory that night
is fuzzy but insists it was absolutely
Cavanaugh Cavanaugh denies the
allegation saying in a statement quote
once again those alleged to have been
witnesses to the event deny it ever
happened
there is now a frenzy to come up with
something anything that will block this
process and a vote on my confirmation
from occurring these are smears pure and
simple and the president agrees with him
again voicing support for his Supreme
Court nominee this morning a great
scholar and see that rated everything
has ever done and it would be sad but
indeed if something happens to reroute
that this is a fine man and we certainly
hope he's going to be confirmed and
quickly his family has suffered his
family that's going on is not something
that should happen Brett Kavanaugh is an
absolute outstanding person hopefully he
will be confirmed quickly thank you very
much hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
