over the weekend allies of President
Trump threatened to issue new subpoenas
demanded a second special counsel and
even warned the president of a set up
all in reaction to a New York Times
report that Deputy Attorney General rod
Rosenstein discussed wearing a wire to
secretly record conversations with
President Trump and discussed invoking
the 25th amendment to oust him in the
days after the FBI director James Comey
was fired in May of 2017
The Times report is partly based off
memos written by FBI officials including
then Deputy Director Andrew McCabe who
declined to comment but denied being a
source yesterday House Judiciary
Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte set a
deadline for the Justice Department to
turn them over joining us now is member
of the Judiciary Committee Democratic
Senator Richard Blumenthal of
Connecticut and former Justice
Department spokesman now an MSNBC
justice and security analyst Matt Miller
Matt I want to start with you to set up
our questions for senator Blumenthal
talk about the report about rod
Rosenstein discussing and using the
words 25th amendment is the story that
rod Rosenstein potentially said that or
that or is it broader what's your gut
you know the way I read this story is it
really is a sign of the turmoil that was
going on in the department in those
eight days after Jim Comey was fired and
before Bob Muller was appointed and
especially the turmoil going on around
rod Rosenstein you know it is hard to
imagine a Deputy Attorney General who
kind of is in complete command of the
situation suggesting seriously that he
wear a wire or that Andy McCabe or
someone else going into the Oval Office
wear a wire or that or or invoking the
25th minute when he's not even a member
of the cabinet the Deputy Attorney
General wouldn't wouldn't have a role in
that situation so I think a lot of
people have interpreted that to mean
that he wasn't being serious and of
course DOJ has tried very hard to imply
and put out statements on background
that he wasn't being serious I think the
more accurate read of it and I based
this on conversations with people at the
Department at the time and I think if
you read closely the time story it comes
through is that rod Rosen Stein
wasn't kind of incomplete command of the
situation then he was in a lot of ways a
ship without port I think you didn't
understand the ramifications of his memo
after he wrote it and and saw it used as
the the the excuse to fire Comey he was
it deeply criticized by alumni of the
Justice Department I think he took it to
heart and I think he was really kind of
floundering around and that week trying
to figure out what to do and the answer
he ultimately came up with is is to
appoint Bob Muller but I think he was
really struggling during that time
period and I think it comes through in
the accounts of that meeting both from
from the Justice Department side and and
from the side of you know whoever else
is talking to the times all right
senator Blumenthal we're going to get to
the latest on the Brett Kavanaugh
concerns in just a moment but I want to
ask you about this rod Rosenstein new
york times report because based on the
sort of the behavior of the president
that we have been witnessing that i've
witnessed firsthand that i've seen and
heard myself from people inside the
White House or from the President
himself
what are the chances rod Rosen Stein is
the only person who is uttered the words
25th amendment there may be others who
uttered those words since rod Rosen
Stein spoke about it within the White
House but the 25th amendment is a very
high burden to use and the kind of
procedure let alone evidence that's
required to the whole cabinet to go to
the Congress and ask for in effect a
temporary replacement of the president
which the president can then overcome
and they have to come back again
I think rod Rosen Stein was very well
aware that it was a cumbersome and
difficult process at the same time for
him even to remark about it in jest or
with sarcasm shows the kind of turmoil
existing at the time and I recall it
very well because I voted against rod
Rowan Stein when he refused to commit to
me as a member of the Judiciary
Committee that he would appoint a
special counsel ultimately he did and
the agenda here on
the Trump administration is to subvert
or sabotage that special council rod
Rosenstein is in charge of the budget
the indictments all of the charges that
are brought he is the key figure here
NBC's Andrea Mitchell jump in well I
also have some questions about anti
McKay because he was writing the memo he
was it was based on his memos he was
fired by Rob Dodson Stein he's now under
investigation according to the Inspector
General
he's may have committed perjury we don't
know but a grand jury is looking into
him right now so one should probably
take these memos with a grain of salt
they really should be taken with a grain
of salt that's a very very good point
that was my first reaction when I saw
that Andrew McCabe was involved at the
same time even people with questionable
motives may have verifiable things to
say and in this instance the point is I
think most important that we need to
protect the special counsel and the
Department of Justice and this is in
part to try to get him out of there is
that one of the motivations I think it
may well be ultimately one of the
reasons that the president will
emphasize the importance of it and why
he will attack rob rodeen and of course
Jeff Sessions in the process some of the
Thursday is shaping up to be a big day
in American history not just the United
States Senate when the Judiciary
Committee reconvenes and it's going to
hear from dr. Ford whether or not the
country believes or will find out later
but the question I have for you too is
that everything that's going on the
back-and-forth between senator Grassley
and various people asking for more time
asking for a delayed process so they can
be further background checks conducted
by the FBI who is more in charge of the
show in the Republican side senator
Grassley or Mitch McConnell I wish I
knew and most of my colleagues wish they
knew who is really in charge here and if
somebody's in charge who really wants to
uncover the truth
they would tell the White House we need
an FBI investigation these sexual
assault survivors have come forward with
tremendous courage um knowing the
nightmare of public shaming character
assassination death threats other kinds
of jeopardy the public safety and they
are entitled to a respectful hearing but
equally important the Judiciary
Committee in the US Senate are entitled
to an FBI investigation by trained
professionals it is the partisanship now
those so hyper so so exaggerated on both
sides here that there are members of the
Judiciary Committee who cannot figure
out that we are not talking about the
appointment of the Postmaster General
here we're talking about a lifetime
appointment we're talking about a
lifetime appointment to the nation's
highest court that will make a real
difference in real people's lives for
generations literally generations to
come with this appointment and so we
have a constitutional duty to get to the
bottom of these allegations they are
serious and credible and now the person
with the most knowledge about them
namely Judge Brett Kavanagh has a
responsibility to come forward with
evidence to rebut them they have control
over whether to have an investigation
they have control over whether mark
judge is subpoenaed to testify whether
other witnesses are required to come
forward this investigation has to bring
those other witnesses before the United
States Senate and so there need to be
other hearings senator your colleague
senator mazie Hirono over the weekend
was asked if the presumption of
innocence was due to brett Cavanaugh she
replied by saying that I take his entire
philosophy into view and paraphrasing
essentially saying that his judicial
philosophy also informed her opinion
about whether or not these events
occurred as they are alleged by these
two accusers this is not a court of law
obviously the burden of evidence is not
beyond a shadow of a doubt but to what
extent should we apply an evidentiary
standard here does
Cavanaugh deserve the presumption of
innocence is his judicial views
informing senators how they view these
accusations fair and accurate and just
great question and let's break it down
first of all we're dealing here with a
confirmation for a lifetime appointment
to the nation's highest court a
promotion we're dealing with
confirmation not conviction so the
standard is not proof beyond a
reasonable doubt in this instance judge
Cavanaugh can rebut these allegations
they're serious and credible with the
kinds of evidence that is within his
control you know there's a doctrine of
law that says the party that controls
the evidence after there's a prima facie
case made has a duty to come forward
it's the burden of production and you
can analogize it here I don't want to
talk too much legalese but there is a
burden on the part of the White House to
do the investigation what are they
hiding what are they afraid the American
people will see and there's a pattern
here because it follows his evasive and
misleading seemingly misleading
testimony before we do to fear a
committee and the concealing of two
million pages of documents that I'm now
in court trying to uncover through the
from magnet all right Senator Richard
Blumenthal thank you so much for being
on the show this morning thank you and
coming up Donald Trump is reacting to
the Rod Rosenstein report and like he
did with Brett Kavanaugh he's holding
his fire at least to begin with we'll
show you what he said next on Morning
Joe
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
