The New Yorker magazine has just
published a piece claiming sexual
misconduct allegations against Brett
Kavanaugh during his days at Yale this
is a second allegation the woman at the
center of the story Deborah Ramirez is
53 and attended Yale with Cavanaugh The
New Yorker reports that the claim dates
to the 1983-84 academic school year when
Cavanaugh was a freshman at Yale
University the offices of at least four
Democratic senators have received
information about the allegation and at
least two have begun investigating it in
a statement Cavanaugh wrote to The New
Yorker quote this alleged event from 35
years ago did not happen the people who
knew me then did not then know that this
did not happen and have said so this is
a smear plain and simple I look forward
to testifying Thursday about the truth
and defending my good name and the
reputation for character and integrity
that I have spent a lifetime building
against these last-minute allegations we
have reached out to the White House for
additional comment there is a White
House comment as well in the story
joining me now Princeton University
professor and MSNBC contributor Eddie
Glaude jr. and with me here on set MSNBC
contributor and politics reporter at The
Daily Beast Betsy Woodruff the politics
editor at The Daily Beast and an MSNBC
contributor Sam Stein and former chief
nominations counsel to the US Senate
Committee on the judiciary Greg Nunziata
who oversaw confirmations for justices
Roberts and Alito and worked on Circuit
Court confirmation proceedings for both
Neil Gorsuch and Brett Kavanaugh NBC's
Leon Caldwell who has been doing so much
reporting on this story also joins me by
phone and I'm gonna put Greg on the spot
here in just a second it's his first his
first appearance here with us on KCDC
naturally not going to be an easy
evening but Leon Caldwell I want to go
to you first because you and I have both
been working on this story all of last
week and I know you would have done a
particularly deep dive into what the
committee may have been learning about
this particular allegation so what do
you know about what has happened here
and can you kind of walk us through what
the story is reporting as far as the
nature of this allegation
cherkasy so yeah several days ago and
this woman was at college she went to
undergrad with Kavanagh at Yale
University and it was it was it was an
assault from what we are what we know
and what what the New Yorker is
reporting but it's an improper you know
sexual misconduct that he he exposed
himself we reached out to the woman
Deborah where Paris this weekend and she
pointed us to her attorney
her attorney hasn't responded yet but
she did immediately respond and point us
to that and so had this could you know
could just put another cloud on Brett
Kavanaugh no this was happening on the
eve of his confirmation hearing or the
reopening of his his confirmation that
hearing is supposed to take place on
Thursday so this is just going to be
more fuel for critics and especially for
Democrats who really have problems with
Kavanagh and his nomination LeeAnn while
I want to give our viewers a little bit
more context on exactly what is being
alleged here since I've got the story
sitting in front of me I hope you are on
your way to our Bureau so she talks
about how she had a party where they
were playing a drinking game where that
we were sitting in a circle she tells a
New Yorker and people picked who were
drinking she says that there were two
other male students looking on at her
request in New Yorkers not naming them
although The New Yorker says that they
know who they are then a third male
student exposed himself to her she says
quote I remember a penis being in front
of my face I know that's not what I want
that's not what I wanted even in that
state of mind she recalled remarking
that's not real and the other students
laughing at her confusion and taunting
her one encouraging her to kiss it she
said that she pushed the person away and
in the process she touched him Ramirez
who was raised a devout Catholic in
Connecticut said that she was shaken she
says I wasn't going to touch one until I
was married I was embarrassed ashamed
and humiliated she says that Brett was
laughing I can still see his face his
hips coming forward like when you pull
up your pants and someone yelled down
the hall quote Brett Kavanaugh just put
his penis in Debbie's face it was his
full name I don't think it was just
Brett and I remember hearing and being
mortified that this one was out there
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
