to see what's going on is just very very
sad you say why didn't somebody call the
FBI 36 years ago I mean you could also
say when did this all happen what's
going on to take a man like this and be
searched with that being said let her
have her say and let's see how it all
works out but I don't think you can
delay it any longer they've delayed it a
week already welcome back to am joy well
if Christine if dr. Christine Blasi Ford
does testify before the Senate Judiciary
Committee the Republicans biggest
problem could be the optics it so
happens that every single Republican
member on the committee is a white man
invoking the memorable images of Anita
Hill being questioned often
disrespectfully by an all-white male
panel back in 1991 during the Clarence
Thomas confirmation hearings also
raising the stakes for Republicans based
on how they treat dr. Ford and it looks
like they are aware of that problem NBC
News reports Republicans have started
searching for an outside lawyer to hire
to handle questioning of Katt of
Kavanaugh and Ford ideally a qualified
woman litigator before doesn't want that
instead she for Fair prefers to be
questioned by members of the committee
who after all were elected to do the job
hanging over all of this the midterms
just weeks away Republican strategists
are worried about how for telling her
story to the nation while she faces a
diverse panel including women and men
and people of color on the Democratic
side and those republican white guys on
the other could impact the election the
Washington Post spoke to two Republicans
involved with a camp with campaign
planning and according to a post one of
those Republicans said several top GOP
lawmakers have told colleagues that they
hope for declines to show up for the
hearing even as the issue statements
urging her to do so helping the GOP to
avoid a risky televised drama and making
it easier for Senate leaders to hold a
vote next week
joining me now David Brock former
founder of Media Matters Maya Wiley of
the new school MSNBC contributor Charlie
Sykes Republican strategist Sarah rump
an MSNBC political contributor Jason
Johnson thank you very much I'm gonna go
to my
that are in that the disadvantage in the
remote location there and Sarah I'm
gonna start with you as a young
Republican woman the optics of seeing a
panel of all white men questioning this
woman's account of a very painful
experience for her versus a very diverse
panel that will include Kamala Harris
and Cory Booker amazing Iran Oh on the
other side do you find that problematic
as a young Republican woman I really
don't if we were suggesting that a
female senator couldn't do this
questioning because she'd be too
emotional or involved we call that
sexist and the idea that a Republican
senator cannot treat this woman with
respect and dignity just because he's a
man I find that problematic as well now
Kellyanne Conway I have disagreed with
her on a lot of things in the past year
so but when she said that this woman
need to be treated seriously and with
respect those were good comments and I
do believe that even though they're men
that they're capable of being
professional and asking these questions
with respect even though they've already
pretty much Lobby but pretty much said
they've already made up their minds they
already don't believe her well you know
here's the thing we have a long
tradition in this country of having
testimony in an adversarial context and
be able to be handled professionally and
even the most contentious court cases
both in the civil and criminal context
we have a long tradition of being able
to confront your accuser Suzanne Collins
senator Susan Collins had a very good
suggestion that we have professor Ford
testify we also allow professor for its
attorney to question judge Cavanaugh I
you know I think that's a good balancing
of allowing both of them to have their
stories told I mean at this point we
have several decades passed there's no
physical evidence there's no photographs
or video what we have is two people who
are telling stories that cannot both be
accurate so let's have them both tell
their stories and let them both be
questioned and let the the Senators who
are on this committee decide what makes
sense to them Oh Jason I'm a way to move
forward this isn't a try
so I don't think that they get to
cross-examine each other with attorneys
but I'm Jason Johnson do you know we
have a long tradition of the criminal
justice system also not working out so
well for people who are marginalized
people of color and you know women in
this situation are facing the men on the
panel have already decided that she is
not telling the truth that she somehow
you know lost her mind and doesn't
remember or doesn't remember what
happened
what do you make of the optic just the
way this is gonna look next week if it
happens it's going to look terrible joy
like look first and foremost for these
eleven men they're not even polite to
Kamala Harris and she's a colleague okay
so so if they can't figure something
later who's actually on the committee
with like you know if there's if there's
not if they're not able to be to be
polite and responsible to somebody who's
actually on the committee with them
they're not going to be able to be
polite and responsible to someone who
they're actually trying to question and
the problem is and you've mentioned this
this is a job interview it's not a trial
and if they treat it like a trial
they're going to look worse and the fact
that this is a white woman right if they
were questioning a woman of color this
might play off differently but they're
going to be attacking a white woman for
six to seven hours on national
television it is not a good look for the
Republican Party because they have white
women who are currently running for
Senate seats and if this ends up being a
question that they have to face an
Arizona debates and they have to face in
Tennessee debates that's not going to be
a good look for this party so it
optically this could not go any worse
for them and the longer they wait the
bigger impact that's gonna have on the
midterms and you know charlie you've
already had a guy that called Ralph
Norman a congressman called Ralph Norman
in South Carolina
just make a joke about this I'm doing do
we have that we can play that this is
cut it listen to Ralph Norman do you
think that any of these claims are
legitimate no I don't I think that I
think this woman all three but he said
well he said I thought I I was going to
be late he says in a joke did y'all hear
the latest late-breaking news from the
Cavanaugh hearings Ruth Bader Ginsburg
he says came out that she was groped by
Abraham Lincoln I thought I was gonna
have to get go back there but we won't
it made a joke about that so you don't
really have the most sensitivity going
in the Republican Party Charlie and now
they're gonna be on display they say
they want to kind of get a woman lawyer
to do it because they aren't too afraid
to do it themselves so they're gonna sit
there mute yeah well there's no question
that there is an optics problem you know
Sarah's right though that the the real
variable here is not necessarily gender
it's it's stupidity and it's
insensitivity and those those comments I
think have a high potential of having a
backlash look but you know both parties
I think have to be aware of the optics
here and the way that they handle the
the questioning if in fact Republicans
beat up on doctor Ford I think that
would be a political disaster but I also
think that Democrats need to understand
that that if they go over the top in
their questioning of Kavanagh if in fact
they become you know his histrionics
there's a potential there that there
would be a backlash what everybody has
to do is approach this as soberly and
fairly as possible and that's so
difficult to do with all of the emotions
around it so what could possibly go
wrong a lot can go wrong I mean you know
with Orrin Hatch and and Chuck Grassley
they're these guys who I think are
really tone-deaf on a lot of these
issues I think the potential for for for
for missteps is is rather considerable I
mean toned up it's kind of putting it
mildly right I mean these guys right so
they don't believe her they said the
most important thing is to get it get
this guy seated ASAP that it's urgent to
make it happen now this is what mazie
Hirono senator mazie Hirono for a lot of
people if they say not all heroes wear
capes i think a cape might be being
delivered to amazing it brought us to
keeps on doing really sort of making
statements that are kind of mic drop
statements in these in these hearings
here's amazing Ronald's message to men
on Tuesday guess who's perpetuating all
of these kinds of actions it's some man
in this country and I just want to say
to the men in this country just shut up
and step up do the right thing for a
change I mean is that what would count
as going too far I mean you think we
were talking about before before camera
came on before we before we came onto
camera that among the base of the
Republican Party there is at least an
opt of perception that these kinds of
things don't matter that people look at
a Roy Moore and say okay is he gonna
vote my way on abortion
and people look at what Cavanaugh is
doing and they say well is he gonna get
rid of abortion so because other than
that I don't care it would you were
inside the party when this was you doing
this sure
did you believe deep down that it didn't
matter what a Nita Hill said and that
Clarence Thomas was right or was this
just politics for you well it started
with a belief in Thomas so I wrote a
book called the real Anita Hill I
defended Clarence Thomas I thought that
was right what happened to me was in the
two years subsequent and that could
happen in this case
more evidence came out that was quite
contradictory that was damning to Thomas
I didn't know about it
two years later a book came out called
strange justice the women who didn't
have their voice heard in the emitted
only rings had their voice heard in this
book well I went back to the people who
sold me to build goods on Clarence
Thomas they told me I never believed
their friend these were stalwart
defenders - Thomas oh they thought they
knew it was all politics so that's what
it is there's a mindset here which I
grew up in that the end justifies the
means
yeah and I compared the conservative
movement I'm not saying all
conservatives but we're talking about
elite conservative circles in Washington
DC there's a there's a mindset where you
can lie to outsiders so when they're
doing all this coaching in here what
people are losing sight of is what
happened to Anita Hill was horrible
what's gonna happen to dr. Ford I think
will be horrible but the real issue is
perjury and Clarence Thomas is on this
Court he perjured himself to get there
and yet Brett Kavanaugh is heading down
that road if he's confirmed and this is
somebody who's going to administer and
interpret the law of the land
yeah the standard has to be much higher
here and I guess that's the point no you
know Maya is it you have you know
Republicans saying that when when people
make a statement like mazie Hirono did
well that's in time and you're going too
far you're making the Democrats look bad
but to who right because at the same
time what the prospect here is somebody
who a lot of members of the Senate if
said that he lie about other stuff -
yeah and that he's gonna and that he
could get on this court potentially
having not told the truth in these
hearings also potentially being this
kind of man if you believe that dr. Ford
but then he gets to decide what is
justice and what is law for the rest of
us for a life for the rest of his life
or a lifetime what
co-signing here I think we are
co-signing a sexist form of politics
that ignores that more than half of this
country is actually female and by the
way men are also subject to sexual
violence and we shouldn't forget we have
seen men in that hashtag why didn't
report is much that's it that's exactly
right salutely in fact and we know
people under report but the the point
about the highest court in the land the
poor point about the credibility and and
and the importance of who sits in that
seat from the standpoint of what kind of
character they have is as important as
the other aspects and and if at some
point our leaders don't recognize that
the primary job here of leadership is
making sure we are one country that we
are you and united people and that we
protect each other
I don't know what we have left okay I'll
come back to you on that Sarah because
doesn't it doesn't bother you at all you
know as a woman as a young woman that
the the sort of the message that the
party is sending writ large with a room
or a nomination or with this defending
cabinet to the hilt and immediately
dismissing John what judge fort said and
even trying to frame another guy in one
case of a gentleman who's now taking it
back and apologized for it this does
this not bother you just as a woman in a
young woman in the Republican Party if
this is the message that's being sent to
you right I think we need to draw a very
important distinction I mean I've
criticized in fact I've criticized on
your program yes some of the things that
Donald Trump is said and done when the
Access Hollywood came out I flat out
said that the Republicans that were
continuing to support him were in
essence endorsing sexual assault because
that's what we do on the hollywood
taemin in your part but the majority of
women a party that you're like what what
Donald Trump said and did is a
pourraient ROI more that we had multiple
examples of abhorrent behavior from him
I'm glad he lost his Senate race in
Alabama what we have here with judge
Cavanaugh is is is one person's story
that he adamantly denies and the other
person that she says was in the room at
the time also denies it but do you
believe her
you know I believe that something
traumatic happened to her I believe that
that that I I don't think that she is
lying I don't think that she is
intentionally trying to mislead anybody
but I haven't heard her speak we've
we've seen written testimony I should
probably say what was in the line do you
believe that something traumatic
happened her Brett Kavanaugh III I want
to hear from her there is something to
be said for being able to hear someone
speak in their own words let's say she
said leagues in her own judge matter
will you believe it will you believe if
she repeats examiner's in her letter I
until I see her until I see her speak
being willing to speak under oath in
front of the Senate Judiciary Committee
and I think that there's a reason that
we set our court system up this way
because there's something there but it's
a similar kind of setup I want to hear
from someone in their own words I don't
think that we have enough I would not
derail Cavanaugh's nomination if she's
not willing to come and speak forward
just on a letter alone I don't think is
enough in a lot of these other cases
bill o'reilly anthony weiner bill cosby
Harvey when they didn't do a second we
had we had multiple we didn't have all
those women's radiation but you know and
there were investigations we do you
support the requirement that there be a
reopening of the background check in
order to talk to the witnesses who say
that for instance everyone was talking
about it after the incident right right
the woman who said that I think on
Facebook or Twitter has already
retracted that and you know just I the
idea that we're going to convict
somebody because there was gossip at a
high school 30 years ago that he drank I
you know again this is this is a lot
this is a lot okay let me go diving
Jason was trying to jump in Jason yeah I
gotta say this I am offended as a man
okay it's if she was accused of sexual
assault and the man's gonna be a judge
and let's remember this is not just what
he was doing in high school because he
was drinking underage which is against
the law he's supposed to be you know
soon to be one of the most important
judges in the land but also you've got
to look at what he did when he was in
college any organizations he was in and
they're no means yes and yes means
whatever I mean it's
not like this is a one-time incident and
I'm so sick and tired of these arguments
well there's got to be other people so I
get what so you're not really a murder
if you killed one person you gotta kill
five before you consider your murder if
you grabbed the woman help her down the
music that is a problem so what I'm
saying is this this notion that this is
going to be derailed this is problematic
or that we have to wait for some sort of
public performance in order to believe
this woman could all be solved if there
was actually an FBI investigation which
this president and the Republicans on
the committee refused to do and I
remember a time crazy as it may seem
where a man like this who brings this
much trouble and this much problems in
this this sort of attack on integrity to
the Supreme Court would just withdraw
yeah and I think eventually if he cares
about this country he cares about the
institution that's what he should end up
doing Sarah look there's just so much to
unpack here there is a very real
possibility that Brett Kavanaugh did
nothing wrong I think it's entirely
potting traumatic happened to her but
it's entirely possible that there is
just a case of mistaken identity and
again I the fact that we're you know
that we're gonna make these accusations
that he's some kind of horrible person
without having his accuser come forward
I think that's too far you know we could
I will yes please Charlie well I mean
you know a couple of things number one
you know we do have to hear from these
individuals in order to make up our
minds I think that's legitimate number
number two you know look there is no
such thing as collective guilt you know
you asked before about the Senators
settlement that men should shut up you
know I'm sorry that is going too far
because a lot of men I think do need to
be heard as well and again this is not
collective guilt it is Brett Kavanaugh
either he did this or he did not do this
this is a factual situation which is why
it is a good idea to reopen the FBI
background check with that's why it is a
good idea to bring in the alleged
eyewitness in this case and put him
under oath Marc Marc judge in order to
determine that see that part of the
problem is is is to get ahead of the
evidence that we actually had if
in fact this wasn't this was not a
one-off I would like to hear the
evidence of that so I mean this is again
where I'm trying to say you know can we
at least stick to the facts as we know
it and that's why I think it's gonna be
very important to hear what dr. Ford has
to say and she needs to be treated very
very seriously and I don't understand
how Republicans who claim to take this
seriously do not support asking the FBI
to open up the background check this is
what they do when they do it very well
they do okay I want to add one more
person to this panel because I want to
keep everybody here please if you could
I'm gonna add religious reform actress
Frank Schaeffer we're gonna add you to
you've been listening to this discussion
Frank and I mean do you understand it
can you or can you explain for those who
don't understand why it is that people
even if even they think something bad
happened to this woman would still want
Cavanaugh on the court no matter what
because a lot of people that I think
that's what's bothering a lot of people
they don't understand why part of the
base of the party is so determined to
have this seat
you know they held it open from say year
to get this you know to get all the
seats you know why well the fact of the
matter is you have to go back a little
bit and look at the history of this my
father Francis Schaeffer in the 1970s
and 80s along with me as his nepotistic
sidekick and people like C everett Koop
started something called the evangelical
wing of the pro-life movement with a
film series called whatever happened to
the human race fast forward to the
present time I can literally say this I
think the evangelical white voter in
this country has become two things first
of all been driven mad by the issue of
abortion it has become so much of an
obsession with part of this group that
they would do anything including
sanctifying a guy like Roy Moore an
alleged pedophile now sanctifying an
alleged attempted rapist so that's point
one point two the evangelical group
itself has moved so far to the right
that it literally is more like a Trump
cult now that you would find something
in North Korea or whatever supporting
their leader then a political movement
in the American sense of the word I
don't think people understand that and I
just want to add as a little footnote
that there are some former evangelicals
like me former in that we've been kicked
out
were not because we've lost faith in
Jesus but we have lost faith in the
Republican Party who have formed a group
called vote common good and we're going
on a bus tour to 35 cities working with
35 Democratic candidates trying to flip
the Congress not because we're even
Republicans we are trying to save this
country from going any further down this
path of this cult this abortion obsessed
cult that will take anyone and even
badmouth someone like dr. Ford before
even hearing her who has been sexually
assaulted
rather than vote for a Supreme Court
justice who might not do everything in
the litmus test the Republicans want it
just makes no sense unless you
understand this Trump cult is no longer
really an American political party in
the classic sense we mean it and that's
the point I would like to make well I
mean and and didn't to that point David
you know just we're talking right that
you use the same word for something
cultish about the sort of affinity but
Republicans have an entire long list
from the Federalist Society of people
who would vote the exact same way on Roe
presumably and say the magic word star
decides isn't claimed they won't and
then get on the court do it right they
could pick anyone off of that why but
they're hanging on to this guy and it's
there's there feels like there's
something more that there's abortion but
there's also the idea that this man may
not be denigrated that we must not allow
him to be denigrated is that familiar to
you at all phases sure I know I think
that's right and I think that you know
you've seen in the polls as you cited
earlier that he's the most unpopular
nominee I guess in history yeah but he's
popular among the Republicans still and
so what you're gonna see here is they
want to stick with this and they want to
get it jammed through but what's gonna
happen is if they don't it's gonna
depress their turnout it's gonna be
demoralized because the Trump brand is
winning if he gets a black eye here
you'll see it'll be press even if he
withdrew him and or if this man when he
put a different evangelical person who
would overturn roe on wouldn't matter no
I think it won't matter I think if a
loss is a loss and they will depress
their base you see stories about the
Evangel right thinking about maybe
out the midterms yeah this doesn't go
through so they are very very invested
in this and they do not want to see
Democrats bring him down and do you feel
that way I'm Sarah that this is partly
about not allowing Democrats to take
this man down I mean I do think that in
some way but you know if just we've got
to admit objectively with the evidence
that we have right now one statement
from her a statement from Mark judge a
statement from judge Kavanagh these are
in conflict the guys say it didn't
happen she says it did there's a
possibility that judge Kavanagh is
absolutely innocent
and if we're going to be moving forward
with confirmation hearings regardless
whether it's Democrats or Republicans in
charge whoever's up for nominations I
would hope that one accusation if
someone is not willing to come forward
that one accusation for a witness that
won't come forward would not be enough
to derail somebody's career she should
come forward she should be treated with
respect she should tell her side of the
story they can question judge Cavanaugh
again and in the end the Senate can make
a judgement that's why is trying to jump
in here so veteran Sarah where I
absolutely agree with you is that there
should be a fair process and that all
parties to the process should get the
full fairness of a neutral investigation
the problem with this is it's a setup
the reason dr. Ford has already said
that she wanted to come before the
committee would the issue isn't her
willingness the issue is the fact that
it's a setup and the virtue of not
providing a neutral which is what the
FBI would do a politically neutral
investigation to determine whether or
not there are additional facts that
would shed light or witnesses and wolf
that's part of the fact pattern right as
witnesses is essentially to say we're
gonna say that we're giving you an
opportunity but we're actually setting
you up and all that we're setting you up
for is our ability to have plausible
deniability about whether we were just
trying to ram through our political
nominee
rather than giving full fair hearing to
whether or not something awful happened
here and Jason it does feel like the
rush is the others the other story here
that there seems to be this urgency if
it has to be done ASAP and which is
unusual because they said the deadline
doesn't have to be Wednesday what do you
make of the speed with which Republicans
are trying to do this some of my
thoughts about this you way they've
really evolved throughout the week I
mean we've seen this rush all along
right in the rush is because of the
Russians they basically want Kavanagh on
the court in case this investigation
goes further and they want someone who
will say the president can pardon
himself that's that's where this rush
really comes from but we've seen it all
along where they had the documents and
now they don't want to do this now they
don't want to do that the problem that
the Republicans face is this the longer
they wait to actually vote and determine
as to whether or not Kavanagh can be
confirmed the closer it becomes an
impact on Senate races that are
happening across the country that is
what they're so terrified of that's why
they want to rush this through but the
problem is this the longer they wait in
the more of these conflicts they go
through the more people end up paying
attention I also think this quiet is
kept it doesn't matter the Mitch
McConnell yesterday I said we've got the
votes I don't think they've got the
votes and at the end of the day look the
Republicans have the lead in the Senate
right now they could have a vote next
Thursday the only reason they're even
having these delays is because they're
worried about Jeff Flake they're worried
about Murkowski they're worried about
corker they don't have the votes and
they're hoping if they can take this
woman down publicly and make her look
foolish or make her look less credible
it will give cover for Republicans to
actually vote for so that's the danger
and honestly if this doesn't end up
being done by the 1st of October I think
he's going to drop out I think you're
gonna have people ask him to drop out
and they won't even have the vote
because pushing him through this late
will be dangerous well in France
everyone's got to show up though let me
well yeah what see what happened then
she is not by the way we should just go
through factory where she is not that
she won't write that they're just trying
to go she ate right when she could get
there but really I'm gonna come back to
you in a second charlie but I wanted to
Frank on this really quickly because
that is the other issue right that if
for instance Republicans were to succeed
and just jam him onto the court and
whatever do you know deal with the
optics get him onto the court and then
more information came out just the way
that David described happened with
Clarence
we're three more women it turned out
we're backing up the story and now when
people think about Clarence Thomas at
least in if you're not a hardcore
Republican there's an asterisk on him
that stays on him it doesn't go away no
one's forgotten about that testimony of
Anita Hill what happens with
evangelicals if now you have two two out
of nine members of the Supreme Court two
out of the five men have this kind of
cloud over them and they're both
conservative they're both Republicans
does the base feel uncomfortable with
that yeah there are evangelical white
women voters who voted for Trump who
will not vote for a Democrat under any
circumstances except one when they
really get the idea that they are being
abused wholesale as women and you have
to understand something the Republican
Party is starting to look like the party
of misogyny abuse fondling groping
that's who the president is and we know
that and and so this this illness of
denying all your morality the so-called
Family Values based that the
evangelicals said they were presented
and wholesale defending people like
Kavanagh ruined more Donald Trump
himself is going to peel people away and
I say again that's why someone like
myself is hopeful going on the road with
both common good that we can appeal to
this and just say hey listen there has
to be somebody left who still actually
is trying to follow Jesus and not Donald
Trump there has to be someone left in
this Christian group who is interested
in the integrity and the morality and
the character of these individuals and
if we can't appeal to that then it's not
just America that's in trouble any
Vistage of so-called evangelical
Christian witness is going to be
finished that's what's on the line and
Charlie you know you wrote a book about
this about about you're appealing or if
the party because there didn't seem that
it's unmoored from something larger than
power right and and I do wonder a
long-term will the party look back on
this period where Mitch McConnell said
his proudest achievement was denying the
President of the United States his
ability to perform his constitutional
duty and Naima justice that's his
proudest thing and that they are gonna
hold this court for the far right even
if their character is in doubt do you
foresee a time when Republicans will do
what you did and look back and say this
wasn't worth it
yeah and I think that's that's the real
danger for Republic
they're their focus short-term on
getting this win before the midterm
elections the long-term fallout is going
to be very very dramatic but again this
is a political party that decided back
in 2016 that Donald Trump's behavior in
his character were not disqualifying and
they were willing to put him in the in
the presidency so you shouldn't be
surprised that they would have different
standards for Supreme Court but I will
say this that it is important for dr.
Ford to show up but this is why when
Chuck Grassley keeps imposing these
artificial deadlines it's it's somewhat
ludicrous because she has tremendous
leverage the worst case scenario for the
Republicans is for them to appear to ram
this through without waiting to hear
from her because you know again then
you're stuck you have the vote he's on
the court there's an asterisk on on his
name but there's also Republicans now
who will own this and won't be able to
do anything about it so she has
tremendous leverage this hearing has to
take place yeah and we will all see wait
and see next week thank you all for
staying if hurt this extended panel Maya
is gonna join us again later Charlie
Sykes David Brock Sarah romping Jason
Johnson Frank Schaefer thank you all
very much for the great discussion and
coming up the other believe you're not
there is actually another big story of
the day and this is the one about Donald
Trump in the 25th amendment stay tuned
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
