you testify this morning in response to
Senator Biden that the most embarrassing
question involved this is not too bad
women's large breasts that's the word we
use all the time that was the most
embarrassing aspect of what Judge Thomas
had said - you know the most
embarrassing aspect was his description
of the acts of these individuals these
women that the acts that those
particular people would engage in the
prospect of a Capitol Hill showdown
between Brett Kavanaugh and his accuser
dr. Christine Blasi Ford has sparked
inevitable comparisons to the Clarence
Thomas Anita Hill hearings 27 years ago
in 1991 the dismissive treatment of Hill
by an all-white all-male Senate
Judiciary Committee was compounded by
vicious attacks by Republican operatives
like David Brock he has since expressed
regret for his actions and change sides
found in progressive organizations like
Media Matters for America but Brock sees
a similar pattern developing now in an
op-ed for NBC think he writes
Cavanaugh's accuser should unfortunately
expect the Anita Hill treatment from
Republicans and David Brock founder of
Media Matters
joins me now David great to see you good
to see you so let's go through this
because in the Anita Hill hearings it
was partly the optics all white males
questioning this right black woman and
then the sort of dismissal of her claims
that these aren't things that are that
big of a deal
here's orrin hatch back in 1991 talking
about Anita Hill tickle isms
it bothers me because
because she appears to believe
everything that she said and I myself
don't want to call her a liar but it's
an old trial lawyer
I have seen witnesses just like that who
believe every word they say and every
word is absolutely wrong and we've
proven it wrong and they still believe
it and really quickly here's or enhance
this week do you think that any of these
claims are legitimate no I don't I think
that I think this woman whoever she is
is mixed up and and but I can't speak
for her all I can say is no I don't I
know the I know the judge very very well
I know how honest he is I know how
straightforward he is I know how he
stands up through what he believes and
what's right and frankly yeah if you
were gonna believe anybody you'd believe
him so we start with the premise of
these problems don't believe her the
Wall Street Journal echoing it she's
mistaken right if you start with the
premise that they don't believe her
anyway no matter what she says then what
happens to her on the stand if she if
she does appear well I think that people
are mistreating us a little bit times
have changed and there is the meat to
movement and there's a little window
dressing around what the Republicans are
doing here she needs to be heard we want
to hear her story so it's a little more
gentle than the prosecutorial atmosphere
around me to hell but there are a number
of things that dr. Ford's gonna face
that are actually more challenging one
there's no FBI investigation right there
was with Anita Hill and there were
witnesses even though we didn't hear
about them on the record to the FBI who
were substantiating her allegations -
you've got a more radical and extreme
Republican caucus yeah you've got a much
more extreme president than George HW
Bush you have a very powerful right-wing
media and we're already seeing as you
previously discussed conspiracy theories
coming out yeah The Wall Street Journal
saying she misremembered so that's
that's point one point two the
Republicans have the same problem they
had back in the need a hill that they
need a theory of this case right and
because there's a categorical denial
from judge Kavanagh he's not saying you
know I blacked out and maybe things went
too far he's not saying any of that so
it can't be dismissed as something that
happened when you're 17 he's not even
saying you know I have remorse yeah and
I have a different character day as I'm
saying he's saying it did not happen so
therefore it forces them into the
position you just saw or on how to take
that she believes what she's saying
right but it's a wrong or
false memory and and that is the same
thing they did to Anita Hill
they didn't say largely than Anita Hill
was just flat-out lying because there
you need a motive right there is no
motive why would you put yourself
through shame through retaliation
through death threats for professional
and personal harm that we're seeing as
threats to dr. Ford now there's really
no rational reason why someone would do
that when you look at motive you have to
say the motive to lies on the other side
a Supreme Court not a decision right
life right so you're gonna get into
she's a little crazy you know there was
a theory floated about Anita Hill that
was called erotomania that she had some
kind of mad crush on Clarence Thomas so
you're gonna start to hear all these
things and it's already bubbling up on
social media
yeah that's another thing that's very
different in this climb into social
media so you're gonna see all these
kinds of another way absolutely yeah
she's gonna face an extremely tough
environment and I think people are not
really expecting that because they think
it's 25 years later times have changed
it's gonna be ugly it's gonna be ugly
I'm gonna ask you to stay with me
because at the top of the hour we are
going to talk about that and the optics
of it and how this could play out so
David Brock stay with us more aimed
right
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
