things got a little heated in Dallas
Texas tonight Republican senator Ted
Cruz Democratic congressman Beto
O'Rourke met in their first debate this
evening the race to represent 28 million
Texans in the US Senate has attracted
national attention because it's close
and because it's a red state Ted Cruz
was forced to insist it has not cost him
his dignity to support Donald Trump
after all the insults of the campaign
including to Cruz's wife and father
after the election in 2016 I faced a
choice Donald Trump had been elected
president and we had an opportunity an
opportunity to do something
extraordinary I made a conscious choice
to do the job I've been elected to do
which is to represent 28 million Texans
I've got a responsibility which is to
fight for every person here and every
person in this state and so I have
worked hand in hand with the President
on substance and we have delivered
remarkable victories average citizens
from both parties and independents alike
wonder where our junior senator is when
you have a president who may or may not
have tried to collude with Russia in
2016 but to quote the conservative
columnist George Will
on that stage in Helsinki as he defended
Vladimir Putin instead of the United
States of America that was collusion in
action senator Cruz has led in most
recent polls but with only 46 days to go
the race is closer than expected earlier
today the cook Political Report shifted
their rating for this race from the lean
Republican category officially to a
toss-up and that's significant a
Quinnipiac poll from this week shows
senator Cruz up by 9 points over
congressman O'Rourke but an online
reuters/ipsos poll also released this
week shows a Roark up by 2 on Cruz for
the Dems O'Rourke has been on something
of a fundraising bonanza 9 million
dollars just over the web just in the
month of August according to the latest
reporting on Politico there
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
