I now turn as promised to congressman
ted Lieu the house committees are
already responding to this report what
do you think is significant here well I
don't think a lot is significant because
in terms of 24 the amendment people have
been talking about that and the white
house for a long time Omarosa actually
said it was so routine they had a
hashtag for a TFA so what's alarming
would be people who didn't think about
the 25th amendment anyone watching this
would have thought about that and none
of this appeared have been executed he
didn't seem to have taped anything he
didn't seem to have gone much further
with 20 mm and talks so this would not
be enough to fire rod Rosen yeah if you
did it'd be absurd with your blessing
congressman I would like to get really
nerdy here and talk about a concept in
government that is quote pre-decisional
you're familiar with that concept in the
FOIA context when you have a Freedom of
Information request that there is a
space in government to talk about things
pre decision before a decision is made
and it seems that we are in the heart of
that at DOJ during what is an incredible
time brought upon by Donald Trump's
actions where there was a range of
discussions going on I thought it was
notable that Mike Schmidt who's done
this reporting didn't think the wiretap
got anywhere and so whatever it was it
wasn't a thing that's a great point so
the reason that the public can't get
documents or pre-decisional under for
you these laws are transparency it's
because we want people to be able to put
out ideas that may not be good ideas or
they want to take back or they're just
floating it out there and that's why I
don't think this is enough to fire rod
Rhodes and Stein and the president did
it really would be a pretext to try to
get a mole investigation it's also
really suspicious the timing of all of
this you just have Paul Manafort flip
yeah Michael Cohen his longtime lawyer
flip and then all of sudden we see these
sources talking about what rod Rosen
Stein did well that goes to to what
Michael Schmitt I think was defending
and I think viewers can can take this on
for themselves and think about it both
ways and the other on the one hand they
may have spent a long time reporting
this out and some of this may have just
come together on the other hand right so
the times may feel they've been working
the story some of it may have just come
together because there may be people
right now for a range of reasons who are
going hard
Rosenstein I mean it's quite noticeable
and quite blatant when this has
happening that's absolutely correct and
even some of the sources as you have
pointed out we're not in the room so
it's hard to know if someone is being
sarcastic or not if you're not listening
to that statement firsthand and I think
you have other reporting now one from
Washington Post that does suggest that
maybe Robert Stein was being sarcastic
but end of the day none of these things
that he used about a thought about where
actually ever implemented and it could
simply turn out that he thought about it
then he had these interactions with the
president and he cited no I think the
best thing is not to do a twenty-fifth
amendment and as he says his own
statement he doesn't believe there's any
basis for it right well it's certainly
an unusual story when and why is is what
we're exploring congressman ted Lieu
thanks for spending some time with us
tonight Thank You Ari appreciate it hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
