Matt look this is your guys bombshell
here you know as you might expect we got
a lot of questions also about your
sourcing on this because there's a lot
of angles to this but let me start with
the pushback that you've heard from
justice both via our reporting here at
NBC News and frankly the way Rosen Stein
wanted to push back against your story
how confident are you of the wire part
of this story how confident are you of
the 25th amendment part of the story you
know look I think it makes sense that
the the just apartment is gonna say well
he wasn't being serious because the
alternative is to say yeah yeah I
absolutely thought that I should wear a
wire and you see the president that
presumably would be the end of rod
Rhodes and I as the Deputy Attorney
General so you know we understand that
it's gonna be pushed back two stories
what we know is in the acting FBI
director at the time
Andy became who was in the running to be
the permanent FBI director memorialized
this and told people in real time about
this and and like you said the pushback
is of what he didn't meet and and this
that's the perspective I want to have
that's fine this is just a really
remarkable moment it really speaks to
this crazy period of time when we have
been fired and it just shows the tension
that was going on in the in the Jeff
Harmon and in the White House and one
other remarkable thing is roses that
amuses aloud and says you know what I'd
love to talk to you about this Jim Comey
about about who I should appoint a
special counsel it just shows what a
crazy period this all was is it is it
likely to you Matt that somebody wants
to surface this story at this time and
and once rod Rosenstein in the firing
line on this well so I will say reporter
for The Times patient Brussels this has
been something we've been working on
since before I left
isn't something that somebody just
picked up the phone in and said let's
let's put this story end today so you
know these things take time this is a
this is a process and rather than focus
on sort of the motives of people who are
talking to reporters I think you know we
should talk about just what a totally
remarkable and historic thing that we're
witnessing here Pete Williams how
rattled is justice on all this well very
they're pushing back strongly on all of
it Chuck but I think there's no
disputing what Matt just said that it
that it whatever happened here it
encapsulates a moment of chaos confusion
and a great uncertainty at the Justice
Department in the firing of Comey and
all this pressure that rod Rosen Stein
was getting from the hill to appoint a
special counsel now what what justice
says a couple of officials that we've
talked to they say that they repeat this
thing that he that roses I mentioned the
thing about wearing the wire
sarcastically there was an argument
between him and mccabe and at one point
they say Rosenstein said well what do
you want me to do and ii wear a wire so
that's the way they they characterized
it on the 25th amendment thing they note
that both and by the way I should say
the people in this room according to
justice the secure facility at the
Justice Department may 16th seven people
four career people the Deputy Attorney
General Andy McCabe and Lisa Paige the
FBI
lawyer whose text messages would later
become notorious they say that both page
and mccabe wrote memos about this that
pages memo was much longer about this
conversation and that she never
mentioned anything about the 25th
amendment they say but they say that
McCabe's mention of the 25th amendment
was very short just Dague raises 25th
amendment and the other thing they say
is they say it's not it's not credible
they claim that Rosenstein would have
wanted to talk to john kelly about this
since he barely knew him and was pretty
new on the job and the second thing they
they say is remember that in order to
invoke the 25th amendment it takes not
only a majority of cabinet members but
also the vice president and they say is
it credible to think that rod rosen sign
would have
that Mike Pence would go along with
anything like this so that's their
version of what happened so what you
have here really Chuck I think is a
meeting at which people have different
recollections about what happened in the
head of tumultuous time obviously the
timing of this the president just a week
ago Matt Apuzzo was talking about not
only a green lighting the the release of
those FISA memos but also any text
involving Comey mccabe struck page
basically all of the president's
favorite targets over at the FBI and now
he gets handed this gift basket he's
been looking for an excuse here and he
may have it he may have it but I'm not
actually sure this solves any problems
for him you know like like Pete I I've
spent most of my time covering law
enforcement so I'm not a political
prognosticator but if that would help
him you know he's already gone out and
said I don't have an attorney general
does he want to have another Senate
confirmation fight does it you know
their risk galvanizing support the
investigation I mean the politics I mean
you can maybe some crazy thinking about
the chest moves here absolutely Pete
Williams very quickly let's say rod
Rhodes the saying goes goes away
tomorrow who's in charge of the Muller
probe Noel Francisco the Solicitor
General would be next on the list there
is a DOJ succession list he would be
next up hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me a
favor subscribe by clicking on that
button down there click on any of the
videos to watch the latest interviews
and highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC
you get more Meet the Press content
every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mindset right here
for you on YouTube subscribe now
