or the path forward for judge bread and
his nomination to the Supreme Court is
still very murky right now but with
November's midterm election coming just
47 days from now both parties are
handling up the the allegation of sexual
sexual assault against Cavanaugh almost
something's gonna have implications the
bout bucks don't you think
well Cavanaugh is fake turned a
spotlight on several Democrats who are
up for reelection in states president
Trump won handily in 2016 North Dakota's
Heidi Heitkamp Indiana's Joe Donnelly
and West Virginia's joe Manchin all
three voted for Trump's last court
nominee to the Supreme Court
Neal Gorsuch well the New York Times
reports the allegation may change the
stakes for them noting there is rising
confidence among many leading Democrats
that at the very least the claim of
sexual misconduct deprives Republicans
of a potent issue to wield against those
senators who voted vote no while the
Washington Post reports on the challenge
facing Republicans on Cavanaugh writing
the party's push to install him on a
high court by next week could come at a
steep political cost for women and the
independent voters who are the Keystone
for congressional majorities for now and
John Baker Mike out singleton Republican
political consultant Joel pine is a
Democratic strategist Joe isn't it true
that these these Democratic senators who
are running for reelection conservative
broke-broke Trump states are safer now
to vote against this nominee because of
this allegation I know that's what some
have said but actually you know I have
some good sources within some of those
red state Democrats and they don't think
they are they're so in trouble they're
not only not necessarily official in
trouble but they still have to see what
miss Ford says what she says next week
how its received they don't believe that
just this scuttlebutt this week takes
them off the hook I think a lot of
progressive Democrats obviously feel
differently but those Democrats that are
that are on the on the the griddle and
those writs they those Trump States they
don't feel like they've got a free pass
okay let's talk about the Democrats in
the moderate suburbs of Philadelphia and
Chicago and place like that in New York
LA it seems to me that 5% of democratic
women support this nomination at this
point I've never seen a small number for
anything I mean there's a larger
african-american vote for Trump I think
if I preset baby I mean five percent
that's a guy what do you think of this
if you look at Republican women
Republican women they've actually
increased their support of Kavanagh from
July from August where it currently
stands now so while you may look at
saying that they like you made a look at
independence but when you talk about
those three Democrats that are running
in states that the president won if you
were to do crosstabs in those states I'm
almost certain you would see an
increased amount of support for Calvin
we talked about this this isn't even
about Kavanagh anymore this is a litmus
test on Trump it is right this is
tribalism you know this Chris this is
about Red Team Blue Team and I don't
think people see Kavanagh just as
Cavanaugh they see it as Trump so if
your drill mansion in West Virginia you
can't just sit this one out and say oh
dr. Ford has a compelling case because
you still have a lot of voters who think
this is a this is Donald Trump this is a
stand-in for Donald Trump I don't think
that they have the the license to take a
step back mister well I would agree with
that but I think for Republicans they're
looking at those numbers sure we could
talk about Democrats sure we could talk
about independents but at the end of the
day this is a left or a right thing
they're looking at those numbers they're
seeing that Republicans are coming more
cemented in their support of Cavanaugh
and they're gonna say I have to go back
to my consider independents and
radically since July against this guy
against cap well I mean independence
radical earning points point shift since
July what's that I think if you look at
this is the era of women right now I
would argue there's a significant number
of women who are running for office a
significant number of women who are more
involved in a political process those
independents aren't as hard lined as
some of those in my party or as Extreme
as some of those on the Left I would
argue a neutral it's just a usual tribal
thing partisan right where that's left
why the independents sweeping three
months by the way I think this Cavanaugh
thing you can't just look at this as an
isolated incident this is about Trump
getting elected being you know admitting
to sexual assault this is about
Republicans behaving badly this is the
continuation of a narrative that it's
not new but this is the latest salvo
that women voters feel 183 big number
183 record number of women running in
the house of this cycle Chris that's a
record over 60 more than we've ever used
why do you Republican women go along
with it you put it into Trump Greg I
think a lot of those ragging about
grabbing women by their whatever I
thought you get away with a lot of those
Republican women I'll use evangelicals
for an example you had a friend Graham
who made a statement about Republicans
need to confirm Kavanagh you had other
evangelical leaders wait a minute all
fairness too many Republicans that is
not the case they look at those
individuals as being legitimate and
sources of leadership if you will for
the things that they believe it so they
may look at Trump and they may have
folks with many of his character flaws
but they will look at the tangible
things say we got new Gorsuch we're
getting we're getting Cavanaugh we're
looking at other things such as building
a wall I actually think there are
legitimate I know there's a few moderate
Republicans last left but what are that
people from middle-of-the-road states
like Ohio Pennsylvania Pat Toomey is
gonna have to run eventually for
election people running against Bob
Casey this time running against a you
know but what's a sherrod Brown all
kinds of modern people the service
center Republicans do they want to
defend this thing of course they don't
but in order to win they have to sort of
a mop and that's the only way you can to
win now because the party in question do
you think Trump is really behind
Cavanaugh I think Trump is behind him as
long as it serves Trump if I was Donald
Trump and if I was Republicans you know
what I'd want
I wouldn't want Brett Kavanaugh alive
and it's hard and Feder I'd like him
dead and martyred pardon the pun you
want to know why that charges up
Republican base charges a base to come
out and they're gonna put another more
conservative person on behind it right
you know what you know is your point Joe
who knows what I'm gonna have to next
weekend we see her doctor for the
testable testimony yeah but Trump does a
really good weepy story about Cavanaugh
poor just as he's healthy
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
