ladies and gentlemen it's about time
it's about time we begin to tell the
American story it's about time we lift
their heads up get the hell up and take
back the country again straight out of
an Aaron Sorkin movie I got chills Joe
Biden doing what he does best adding
some oomph to the Democratic messaging
now two weeks short of the midterms and
as we get into crunch time a few bits of
good news for the Democrats for starters
it seems Republicans are resigned to
losing the house Axios reporting quote
despite seeing some positive signs in
polling and enthusiasm after Cavanaugh's
confirmation Republicans behavior in the
last few weeks shows how nervous they
are about keeping control of the house
between the lines the lack of confidence
is showing up and where GOP groups
aren't spending money and how the
Republican blame game is unfolding
between Trump and GOP operatives all in
anticipation of losing the house and the
numbers bear that out the cook Political
Report today says quote Democrats now
have a clear advantage in 17 GOP held
seats and Republicans have an advantage
in two democratic health seats if the 30
toss-ups break evenly Democrats would
score a net gain of 29 seats 6 more than
the 23 they need to retake the majority
Jonathan Timmer here Donna and Charley
are here so Charlie I talked to three
Republican pollsters yesterday who said
that losing the house is a foregone
conclusion for Republicans and then it
doesn't matter in terms of control
whether Democrats win by one or thirty
well anyone who says they know what's
gonna happen on election night two weeks
from now I think is probably being
somewhat somewhat disingenuous I think
this is a very very uncertain
environment here and an ID and I do
think that the overconfidence would not
be a good strategy for the Democrats
particularly as you see Republican
enthusiasm ticking up now
what we don't know more about these
these voters who may be coming to the
polls for the very first time this may
in fact make a lot of the public polling
we're seeing completely obsolete but I
don't know I mean I I feel that this is
gonna be quite a barnburner there's a
lot more uncertainty that I would have
said say a month or so ago Donna Edwards
let me show you some of the Democrats
and their closing messages they seem to
be connected to what we're seeing in
terms of high voter turnout in early
voting in these states what my
grandmother was communicating to me was
that it wasn't just about me it's about
all of us and in Trump's America we've
been led to believe that we've got to
step on our neighbors shoulder in their
face and their backs in order to get
ahead well I reject that and we have an
opportunity on November 6 as a
collective as a state to say we deserve
better and we at this moment but the
country's never been more divided or
polarized or riven by partisanship and
bitterness and smallness gonna be the
big bold confident strong courageous
answer to all of that we're gonna bring
this country together through our
leadership here in Texas Donna I don't
know any of those races are gonna turn
out but to say that the Democrats don't
have a message would be a falsehood they
have the same message Biden has about
taking back the country about speaking
to our better angels Jon Meacham has
written at least one book about that in
terms of our history I mean I don't know
why Democrats are getting kicked around
so much they seem decidedly on message
and the right one I agree and I think
that what you just showed was the future
of the Democratic Party in Andrew
Gilliam and Stacey Abrams better or or
who are really inspiring people to show
up to the polls and the key of course
for Democrats is going to be get your
turnout you know make sure your voters
show up to vote and we've already seen
some indications that you know voting is
going to be on part of a presidential
election and this is a time where
Democrats need to just be focused on the
goal and never mind all this national
conversation but a real positive message
going into these next two weeks and
turning voters out and I think that
you're gonna see not just the house flip
but I think a lot of these Senate races
in fact are going to be closer than
we've seen Tim one of the greatest
mythology's of the Trump era is the size
and power of his base they were not big
enough for Trump to write a speech for
the possibility that he would have won
on election night right and he's done
nothing to extend his reach beyond that
base because his comfort that's not
gonna do it beyond those guns he's he's
stuck grab him in the bleep was sort of
like at that was narrowing I was super
narrowing on the suburbs I think we know
why women have turned out in this paper
for for the Democrats I think however
you know what it's curious to me that
younger voters and Hispanic and Latino
voters aren't don't seem to be as
incentivized as female voters on the
Democratic side of the of the ledger
well they're not regular voters if
they're not regular voters particularly
at the midterms but I also think there's
some recognition within those cohorts
that the Democrats still aren't speaking
to them I think that's something the
Democratic Party has to fix if it's one
if it wants to widen its base the
interesting with Trump and his
narrowcasting is he only has one game
and he only has one message it's about
himself
it's about white guys it's about fear of
the other and around all that he'll bake
this halo of bogus facts real crack and
Trump likes it that way
now that is what Trump likes that way
and serene the White House is projecting
some confidence here they feel like they
feel like they're gonna hold on to the
Senate for sure yes they know the house
is an uphill climb but they're not
ruling out entirely
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
