it's now been more than two years since
Americans got their first glimpse of
Russia's intrusion into our democracy
and ever since a steady drumbeat of
revelations has shed greater light on
the true extent of Kremlin influence
here
well the question remains of course
where the Trump campaign merely
benefitted from the Russian conspiracy
or acted to encourage it well today the
New York Times was out with a special
supplement to this newspaper giving a
wide account of the Kremlin cyber attack
on this country and the intriguing
behavior of the candidate who now
occupies the White House it tells how
well connected Russians worked
aggressively to recruit or influence
people inside the Trump campaign noting
in nearly every case the Trump aids and
associates seemed enthusiastic about
their exchanges with the Russians and
while the president continues to try to
discredit the investigation itself
The Times points out how mr. Trump's
position on the Russian context has
evolved over time
first that there were none then that
they did not amount to collusion and
next that in any case collusion was not
a crime
well join right now is Malcolm Nance
author of the plot to destroy America
Malcolm you the perfect guest thank you
so much there you are in front of
Independence Hall which it seemed
appropriate because our democracy itself
was under threat because all the way
back when our democracy began back in
the 18th century and there we are with a
foreign power trying to destroy us
destroy democracy how do you read the
the latest times effort to try to put it
together comprehensively well I think
the times that a good job chronicling
all that we've learned over the last two
years it was actually on this set two
years ago where I sat down and said that
the nation was under attack in a
wide-ranging cyber warfare influenced
operation which was designed to break
the American electoral process and to
put Donald Trump into power and what
we've seen since that time is this
snowball effect of information that has
led us to understand that it was more
than just to get Donald Trump into
office that was just one result that
they wanted but it was the break Hillary
Clinton's campaign
divide the Democratic Party and
fundamentally change the American system
of government and push it away from
where it was of Democratic you know a
Democratic Republic constitutional
republic to what we're leaning towards
which is an autocracy are you impressed
by how much they know about us I mean I
don't think we as Americans would know
how to screw up the Soviet or the
Russian system as well as they figured
they understand our tribal differences
our ethnic differences they understand
all the conflicts in this country the
attitude starts Hillary Clinton it's at
the the internals of the Democratic
Party and they're you know with Jennifer
a primary and at what she said how that
would hurt or what Podesta might have
said they seem to have known our
pressure points politically well you
know you know I was actually mocked by
Russia today when I said that Vladimir
Putin was the former director of the KGB
when in fact he was the head of the FSB
which is the KGB with two different
letters this what we are seeing is a
culmination of strategic goals that the
Russians had wanted since 1917 and it
was only when they became a capitalistic
you know society which became ultimately
very conservative and aligned themselves
with conservatives within the United
States that and gave their intelligence
organizations enormous billions of
dollars of money only then could they
actually achieve and target goals that
they had wanted since the beginning of
the the fold Communist Soviet you know
and that was to effect a u.s. president
so Putin is doing what he would have
been doing under the old Soviet world if
it'd been the Soviet Union still today
he'd still be trying to undermine us in
the way they always wanted to undermine
us and humiliate our democracy sure well
you know it'd be like put making me
president an old intelligence guy right
I want to be carrying out operations
left and right and he is a career KGB
officer and granted he got out he went
out and he liquidated the Soviet you you
know Soviet assets and st. Petersburg
and became a multi billionaire but it's
the strategic goals of aligning
themselves and making Russia go from a
third-rate superpower to take on
challenge and leader
by the nose ring a president they
installed that is a very old Soviet
objective you know there were movies and
in in fiction about that it's happened
now let's talk about today right now
Robert Maurer appears to be closing in
on the president self ABC News is today
reporting that Michael Cohen has
participated over the last month in
multiple interview sessions lasting for
hours with investigators from the Office
of Special Counsel specifically the
special counsels questioning of Cohen
has focused primarily on all aspects of
Trump's dealings with Russia so how much
does Michael got on Trump on Russia I
think he has all of his financial
transactions his relationships with the
Russian mafia Craig Unger has a great
book out about that the relationships
with the real estate dealings when the
Soviet Union broke up they liquidated
all those assets took their illicit
money and they put it into real estate
all around the world but those that
money is a vehicle for buying
governments and individuals and like in
all good counterintelligence operations
the first thing a competent intelligence
officer will do is they will scrub your
bank account to see whether any of that
money comes from a foreign power and
with Donald Trump that is an absolute
necessity
and if Muller is focusing on that with
Cohen Muller already knows and he just
wants to lock it down and it's gonna be
a documentary case it's not gonna rely
on Michael Cohen coming in and diving
out Donald Trump it's that's just going
to support what they already know from
counterintelligence law enforcement and
international intelligence collection
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
