your Christine Blasi Ford the woman who
was a kids judge Brett Kavanaugh of
sexual assault in the early 1980s is
negotiating a potential appearance
before the Senate Judiciary Committee
for next week at this hour her lawyers
are working with the Judiciary Committee
to come up with a plan according to an
email her email her lawyer Deborah Katz
wanted to discuss conditions under which
dr. Christine Blasi Ford would be
prepared to testify next week well chats
goes on to say quote I know she wishes
to testify provided that we can agree on
terms that are fair and which ensure her
safety
well she said the deadline of Monday
imposed by the committee's chairman
Senator Chuck Grassley was not possible
in the committee's insistence that occur
then is arbitrary however in a letter
sent to the dictionary committee tonight
Judge Cavanaugh reaffirmed his desire to
testify on Monday dr. Ford has said
Kavanaugh sexually assaulted her when
both were high school students in
Maryland in the 1980s and allegation
that Cavanaugh has called completely
false
sorry Senate Republicans who are eager
to move ahead seem to be counting on her
failure to appear ultimately will have
to move forward based on what we know
and and that is you know his years of
experience on the bench and twelve years
on the circuit court already in DC and
and move forward from there if the
information is not provided after the
time we've spent on this it's time to
move forward and get the votes in next
week well if she appears dr. Ford would
face questions from the 11 Republican
men on the district committee aware of
the optics what it's going to look like
NBC has learned that Republicans are
looking to hire an outside lawyer
ideally for them a woman to handle the
questioning of judge Kavanaugh and
doctor Blasi Ford for more on John by
Susan page USA Today Washington bureau
chief
Cynthia usnea former federal prosecutor
Peter Baker New York Times chief White
House correspondent Casey hunt NBC News
Capitol Hill cars my case I have to
start with you it seems like the ball is
back in the Republicans court because
dr. Ford says I'll come next week she
does Chris and you know she has said
that it's not possible for her to be
here on Monday
Republicans are gonna have to decide how
much do they want to give here but I
think a lot of the energy has been
focused on making sure that they that
this doesn't turn into the debacle that
it turned into for Anita Hill in 1991
and you know back then the entire
committee was all men this time around
there are four Democratic women involved
and on the Republican side just eleven
men and so they've come to this
attempted strategy to try and have a
female lawyer question dr. Ford as well
as judge Kavanagh and it was explained
to me as an attempt to try and turn down
the heat take the politics out of it
make it less emotional but of course it
also takes the pressure and potential
criticism off of each individual
Republican senator in the room there
isn't anything that Democrats can do to
prevent this from happening and I think
both sides all want to hear from dr.
Ford and of course from Judge Cavanaugh
but this is this is something that's
been used before in the Senate I mean
you are a student of the history of our
lawmaking in Congress it's happened
before but it's been decades since it
was done this way of having a council
doing the DES questioning itself what
about the conditions that dr. fort has
said that she wants to see other
witnesses called mark judge who was also
according to her at the scene of the
sexual assault the other person who's
not mentioned I guess a Patrick Smith
there's of course Christina
Miranda Christina Smith Christina King
actually who apparently knew about this
incident from from that time period are
they going to be included in the list of
witnesses and there's actually one
additional person Chris an unnamed
person who has not gotten back to the
committee we know that the others have
in some form communicated with the
committee either to provide a statement
or to say that they're not interested in
speaking to them and you're right that
this was a condition that dr. Ford had
laid out and we should point out that in
the latest statement she didn't totally
drop but basically said she would
testify even if the FBI investigation
has not reopened they did not revisit
this question of other witnesses but it
does seem as though the strategy has
been to draw attention to these places
where dr. Ford feels as though she's not
being treated fairly or her lawyers are
arguing in her favor
that really the ultimate intent is going
to be to testify so I think you're gonna
see attempts by Democrats especially to
try to make sure that these other people
who are involved are central to the
hearing bringing up whatever statements
they have or have it made potentially
trying to talk about their backgrounds
and credibility but right now it doesn't
look as though that's a point on which
the Republicans are gonna be willing to
cave but clearly these negotiations are
actively ongoing as we're all sitting
here talking about this tonight thank
you so much hang in there Casey Susan it
seems like there's an inconvenient truth
here is that this professional this
psychologist with a PhD has a story to
tell and it's her memory that she's
counting on and it's clear and it's good
it's tragic and it's crystal clear in
her mind how did the Republicans and the
public deal with the fact if she goes in
there next week and testifies about what
she said Cavanaugh did to her as a
teenager how do you believe that it just
was made up who's going to believe it
was made up if you want to know how
nervous Republicans are about this just
consider that you've got eleven
Republican senators who are voluntarily
giving up TV cameras giving their life's
blood away barrels are so great for the
Republicans they know even as they push
Brett Kavanaugh through to confirmation
the perils have not ended what if
there's more allegations that come
forward what if we have a more serious
investigation after they succeed in
pushing him through this has this has
both a short-term and long-term dangers
for the GOP
I think the phrase dr. Ford Peter's
going to be powerful dr. Ford tell us
what happened not what's her name is as
our enhanced calls or the other ones
whether this mixed up person this
confused woman I mean the phrase is used
by some of these Republicans so far are
awful
but now when they have to do it one to
one face to face it sees me they're
gonna have to car doctor Ford they got
to listen to her well that's right
obvious and I think that's where Susan
just said correctly which is why they
want a lawyer to do it protected keep
them from looking so political and by
the way keep the Democrats on the other
side from from doing that same thing
remember several of those Democrats are
running for president and they obviously
have an interest in
you know a pretty argumentative perhaps
interrogation of judge Cavanaugh so the
Republicans look at this in that it's in
both their interest to make it a little
bit more professional by having a lawyer
do it take the temperature down but dr.
Ford it will see what kind of witness
she is or what kind of presentation she
makes it a lot will depend on how she
depends presents herself how credible
she appears house how persuasive she is
it's hard to imagine why somebody would
come forward with allegations like this
if it's not the truth or at least with
it that they believe it's the truth
I think what you'll hear on the other
side as a defense is rather than
questioning that rather than questioning
whether this actually happened to her
questioning only did she does she
remember the right person was it really
judge Kavanaugh three six years ago put
it possibly be somebody else some other
boy who was there that night
well according to NBC News Cavanaugh
spent part of the day today hunkered
down at the White House prepping for the
possibility of testifying next week on
Tuesday Kavanaugh spent roughly two
hours being grilled by a small group of
senior White House staff about his past
his dating life and his accuser NBC News
has also confirmed that dr. fort has
hired a veteran Democratic operative
Ricky Seidman a communications expert to
help offer personal advice anyway source
preliminary familiar with Ford's
preparations tells Politico that unlike
Kavanagh dr. port has not been
participating in mood hearings or other
mock proceedings at least as yet let me
go to Cynthia on this about Kavanagh how
do you question a guy who says he
doesn't remember anything he doesn't
remember the 80s is where I sign
concerned I mean he doesn't know
anything about any party but if you're
really honest it seems you just say did
you ever drink at a party how many
parties did you go to in the 80s where
you did drink is it possible you might
have forgotten something the drummer to
get a buzz the guts out of head did you
have a blackout that you ever drink so
much they had to be driven home and all
kinds of questions that what's your
limit eight beers 15 beers what are you
drinking those days I mean it seems like
he's going to have to admit that he
existed back then right and he's gonna
and obviously there's a lot of
cross-exam that comes out of his
yearbook and the statements in his
yearbook about drinking in the sexual
statements
something that's interesting that will
come out early is did he even know her
or remember her because obviously an
identification is a very different thing
if she knew him before the party and and
another important thing will be you know
who else was at these general parties
because Susan's right this is all going
to be investigated the Republicans that
can hide and they can say it's not going
to happen and they can push this through
somebody's either gonna win a Pulitzer
or the FBI is gonna step up but
everybody's gonna know what happened at
this in the next six months and it will
begin with his testimony finding out
what he's willing to say about what he
knew about her and and the manner in
which she testifies hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click Subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
