welcome back tonight I'm obsessed about
the comma and about how alarmed
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is but
the rights of pandas to keep and bear
arms let me explain here's an old joke a
panda walks into a cafe or does the
sandwich eats it pulls out a gun and
shoots and then walks out and a waiter
asks um why did it the pay that responds
well I'm a panda look it up so the
waiter looks it up
panda large black and white bear like
animal native to China eats shoots and
leaves get it eats , shoots and leaves
the problem of course is that ill placed
comma lose it and the Panda magically
becomes a peaceful cuddly bear who eats
shoots and leaves and who isn't packing
heat so when we write many commas are
used in Mike Pompeo beliefs too many
commas are being used or is it that Mike
Pompeo believes too many comets are
being used we bring this up because we
learned today that Pompeo has told the
State Department staff it's using commas
improperly good for him by the way his
office has sent out two emails to staff
about how and when to use commas one
suggests adherence to the Chicago Manual
of style which says go effective use of
the comma involves good judgment comma
with the goal of ease of reading here
here so just when you'd think the folks
at state would be grappling with the
North Korean nuclear threat or
Palestinian funding they're debating the
merits of the Oxford comma ah the Oxford
comma you asked look it up yourself
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more Meet
the Press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
