it may be too late to ask this question
now because we're in this situation that
we're in now but in hindsight should
senator Feinstein have had to handle
this differently the sooner this kind of
information gets to the FBI the better
for all concerned I don't care at a
second guess her determination is about
the privacy concerns of this individuals
I was not in those conversations but
clearly the FBI has a responsibility to
look into the background issues of
somebody as to whom they're doing a
background investigation that's beyond
obvious and they should be looking into
this on their own word for a position in
the FBI or as an assistant United States
Attorney or any regular background check
they would automatically as John you
himself said they would automatically go
and complete the background or
does it bother you that you didn't know
this information when you had a chance
to question judge Kavanagh what bothers
the hell out of me is that we have a
witness who has come forward with very
credible allegations they are very
detailed and specific they corroborate
with facts we know to be true and they
were made long before this recent
assertion in a very consistent way so a
lot of the tests of credibility had been
met by this witness and instead of being
treated fairly instead of being treated
the way that every prosecutor in the
country every Victim Witness
organization every Victim Witness
coordinator knows to be the right way
she is being thrown out of the witness
stand without the benefit of any
investigation and that is so appallingly
wrong it is really hard to overstate it
it's the kind of thing Chuck that if a
prosecutor of mine in the Rhode Island
attorney general's office doing a
domestic violence case did you'd be
considering firing that prosecutor for
what they did and the fact that this
whole committee of Republicans is lined
up behind that kind of misbehavior is
really stunning hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MS
BC you get more beat the press content
every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
