welcome back joining me now is Rhode
Island senator Sheldon Whitehouse he's
of course a member of the Senate
Judiciary Committee senator Whitehouse
always good to have you on sir thanks
Chuck good to be with you so I know this
is a moving story and perhaps it's going
to keep moving as the day and evening
wears on but it's my understanding the
committee's and negotiations with dr.
Ford what more can you share with us
that's all I can share other than the
really appalling wrongfulness of
insisting on putting somebody who claims
they've been the victim of a sexual
assault onto the stand without giving
them the courtesy and the benefit of
investigation of their claims whether to
exculpate or corroborate it doesn't
matter every witness before they get put
on the stand is entitled to that and we
have not given them that and it is not
really a disgrace from a point of view
of process how would you do this would
you want the president to it's my
understanding it's the president that
could ask the FBI to investigate here is
that what you'd like to see happen I
would like to see the FBI conclude its
background investigation people are
saying that the president needs to
direct them to do that but I will bet
you any amount of money that if there
were a senior position at the FBI open
and somebody were coming in and our
background investigation was being done
and at the end of the background
investigation an allegation like this
came up there is absolutely zero chance
that the background investigation
wouldn't be expanded to include the new
evidence there is no chance that the FBI
would put somebody into a position of
trust in their own organization without
having completed the background
investigation as to very credible
allegations like these so the idea that
that standard shouldn't apply to a
Supreme Court nominee really just
doesn't make any sense at all and we
shouldn't allow that to gain any
credence it is just nutso let me ask you
this chairman Grassley has claimed that
the Judiciary Committee is following
leads and doing some of its own
investigation into dr. Ford's
allegations first of all what what what
do you do as you do what are your
investigative authorities when you
investigate something like this on the
committee and do you have confidence in
that immolation well first of all you
start with the fact that the FBI has a
background investigation on Cavanaugh
that just needs to look at this
so why you would turn away from that
requires some answers
second I've never heard of any
investigator being hired for this I've
never heard of any terms I don't know if
anybody's being put under oath there's
absolutely zero transparency into this
so-called
investigation that is taking place and
then when you look at all the myriad
ways in which the Republicans have
trampled on virtually every norm of
prosecution and of witness treatment in
this process the idea that they're doing
something secretly but legitimately to
investigate this again that just doesn't
pass the test of credibility it's it's
almost a silly assertion it may be too
late to ask this question now because
we're in this situation that we're in
now but in hindsight should senator
Feinstein have had to handle this
differently the sooner this kind of
information gets to the FBI the better
for all concerned I don't care at a
second-guess her determination about the
privacy concerns of this individuals I
was not in those conversations but
clearly the FBI has a responsibility to
look into the background issues of
somebody as to whom they're doing a
background investigation that's beyond
obvious and they should be looking into
this on their own word for a position in
the FBI or as an Assistant United States
Attorney or any regular background check
they would automatically as John you
himself said they would automatically go
and complete the background or so the
bomb does it bother you that you didn't
know this information when you had a
chance to question judge Kavanagh what
bothers the hell out of me is that we
have a witness who has come forward with
very credible allegations they are very
detailed and specific they corroborate
with facts we know to be true and they
were made
before this recent assertion in a very
consistent way so a lot of the tests of
credibility have been met by this
witness and instead of being treated
fairly instead of being treated the way
that every prosecutor in the country
every Victim Witness organization every
Victim Witness coordinator knows to be
the right way she is being thrown out of
the witness stand without the benefit of
any investigation and that is so
appallingly wrong it is really hard to
overstate it it's the kind of thing
Chuck that if a prosecutor of mine in
the Rhode Island attorney general's
office doing a domestic violence case
did you'd be considering firing that
prosecutor for what they did and the
fact that this whole committee of
Republicans has lined up behind that
kind of misbehavior is really stunning
let me ask you this though some of them
believe that you know that this has been
was hell there's some that believe that
somehow this was purposely held until
the last minute right this gets to this
issue of it was senator Feinstein had it
but didn't necessarily share it do you
understand why some Republicans are
skeptical of the timing no because if
you understand the timing you understand
that this woman was not willing to
identify herself until recently and it's
one thing as the Republicans criticized
this for earlier if you have a secret
charge from an anonymous witness that's
one thing when it's clear that she's
willing to come forward that's an
entirely different thing and that
happened very recently and it's really
hard to hold Democrats accountable for
what a professor in California decided
as to when she felt it was appropriate
to come forward and to identify herself
and put herself into the Maul of abuse
that she has sustained since she so
bravely came forward let me ask you this
how are you gonna determine the validity
of her story when I say this is and I
know there's a hard say if we don't have
the investigation that I think we all
would like to see and it really does
come down to a credibility check there's
no such thing as a fair credibility
check without having done the
investigation and sooner or later I mark
my words there will be an investigator
into this it may be in a subsequent
Congress but you can't get away with
having something like this take place
and then have a federal judge
perhaps lie about it and then fail at
the most basic task of investigation not
generate either corroborating or
exculpatory evidence and assume that
everybody's going to just move on you
can't do that it's too wrong to the
victim it's too wrong to the process
it's so long to any sense of justice did
I read between the lines here that if if
essentially if Republicans just decide
they're gonna get this through on a
party-line vote and and he gets
confirmed as a Justice a Democratic
Senate Judiciary Committee is gonna want
to reopen this this issue I can't speak
for a whole committee but I don't think
there's many people in the Democratic
side in the Senate who would let this
rest under the circumstance I don't
think the victim
community the victim advocacy community
would want to let this rest because it
sets such a horrible precedent and
frankly I think the FBI's got some
explaining to do about how uniquely in
this particular circumstance while they
were doing a background investigation
they refused to pursue a new allegation
that was very credible and where there
was a live witness to walk them through
it and where two other witnesses were
identified and they don't even go out
and identify it interview them it just
makes no sense at all it's unbelievably
bad practice from a legal or
investigative point of view and it's
nothing the FBI would do if it were its
own employees involved if there were a
filibuster around for this my guess is
Kavanaugh wouldn't have 60 votes he'd
probably be withdrawn by now we know the
political you know that would have been
the political reality if Democrats get
to control the Senate again do you think
Democrats should put the filibuster back
for judges I think that that's probably
long gone at this point we tried to hold
it for the Supreme Court knowing of the
sensitivity of the Supreme Court at the
time Republicans expected senator
Clinton to be elected and they were
absolutely ballistic about including the
Supreme Court
we agreed to leave the Supreme Court out
of it and it took about one second for
them once the cards broke their way to
blow that up and eliminate the
filibuster so if there's any way to go
back to those good old days
I don't know good fair enough senator
Sheldon Whitehouse Democrat from Rhode
Island a major player of the Judiciary
Committee as always sir thanks for
coming on sharing your views thanks
Chuck hello youtubers if you're watching
this it means you've checked out our
channel so thank you now do me a favor
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there click on any of the videos to
watch the latest interviews and
highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC you
get more Meet the Press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
