well while the president is managing his
way through this response to Hurricane
Florence I think back to this day one
year ago Hurricane Maria made landfall
as a category 5 storm and the scars from
the brutal hurricane are still very
prominent countless homes were destroyed
schools were wrecked in both Puerto Rico
and the US Virgin Islands were without
power for months with us to discuss Tim
O'Brien he's an MSNBC contributor an
executive editor for Bloomberg opinion
and he is in Puerto Rico on this
anniversary and congresswoman Stacy
Plaskett she's the representative for
the US Virgin Islands and she joins us
on the phone Tim to you first one year
later President Trump touts his response
in Puerto Rico after Hurricane Maria
saying it was a win you just wrote an
article where you're saying that's not
the case in terms of Puerto Rico and we
do have to put in perspective Puerto
Rico was at least in terms of the power
grid in a compromised state before the
storm hit correct but it wasn't it
wasn't 70% of the power wasn't out here
as the president has said staff the loss
of life here conservatively is about
3,000 people that puts it on a par with
911 the winds that hit this island were
about 155 miles an hour
Florence's winds were around 85 to 90
miles an hour it took 11 months for the
power grid to get back online
for most Puerto Ricans and and many of
them still have to jerry-rig electricity
and solar panels get power to their
homes I would also note that it took
almost two weeks for the president to
come to Puerto Rico after Maria hit when
he gave his State of the Union speech in
January he barely mentioned the island
and he's not here today ben Carson is
here today with the governor for Rica
are there any signs that an
investigation is going to be put in
place we know that that happened after
Hurricane Katrina and George Bush and
his administration were widely
criticized for their response do you
think we're gonna get that again it
doesn't appear to staff that's an
excellent question
FEMA itself has acknowledged in its own
reports that it's tombola to
response to Hurricane Maria the general
Accountability Office has also come up
with a similar report both of those
things would seem to suggest that
Congress should look at both the
dexterity and and the muscularity of the
Trump administration's response Erick
aim maria which by all objective
accounts was lacking probably by most
accounts except to the president which
is why people here feel so frustrated
they're confronting a message from them
from their fellow americans in the
united states that you know a volleyball
over what the actual death count is is
more important than finding solutions
congresswoman you and i were together
just a little over a year ago in st.
john right after Hurricane Emma and we
have to remind our audience hurricane
Irma ripped through the Caribbean it
didn't really hit Puerto Rico in Puerto
Rico came to the aid of the Virgin
Islands and then Maria hit next right
after Alma and Maria the Virgin Islands
were devastated as was Puerto Rico six
months later the Virgin Islands looked a
whole lot better and Puerto Rico
continued to suffer give me an
assessment of where things are now well
thank you very much for having me on the
show and as you said within a fourteen
day span the Virgin Islands was hit as
category five as most of you viewers are
now probably where Puerto Rico was hit
as a category four but the Virgin
Islands was hit by a category 5
hurricanes twice within a 14-day span
with Irma
and Maria and although there were areas
that you you know you admit we show
I've been improved the lives of virgin
Islanders have not improved dramatically
in many ways we had an estimated damage
of over ten point seven billion dollars
from the storm as you said most of our
energy sources our power lines were out
telecommunications gone up to a hundred
and five thousand residents were without
power along with many homes over fifty
two percent of all of our housing stock
was damaged and
most of our schools and just to give you
a sense of this you know you are feeling
pressure and people in Puerto Rico are
feeling frustration at how the president
is discounting what's happened in Puerto
Rico the president has yet to visit the
Virgin Islands and we hear almost
nothing in the news media about what is
happening on the ground in the Virgin
Islands today I'm really grateful to you
Stephanie for having this just to give
you an example we lost 17 of our 31
public schools our children were on
split sessions where they were sharing
facilities and only in school for four
hours a day for a year and we still now
when we're trying to bring our schools
up to par we have young people who are
sitting on milk crepes we're sitting on
desks sitting on blankets on the floor
when school opened this September so
we're far from where we need to be and I
think it is the slow walk of this
administration and in putting out the
funding that Congress was generous with
as well as putting additional restraints
on us in terms of having the funding to
be in place so that we can begin the
rebuilding of our territory it is
stunning to me that the president hasn't
been to the Virgin Islands since one
thing that the Virgin Islands
specifically st. John benefited from was
private philanthropy whether it's Kenny
Chesney or Bloomberg philanthropies and
that did a lot if you didn't have all of
that private philanthropic support if
you had to rely on the US government aid
where would you be well we'd be in a
sorry state right now as you thought
definitely when you came down to the
Virgin Islands it was virgin Islanders
who really supported each other after
Emma struck st. Thomas and and st. John
it was the people of st. Croix and small
boats and crafts that were going over to
those islands to bring relief we
received a lot of support from our
sister island of Puerto Rico but then
when Maria struck the island of st.
Croix which was left that left us
completely at a loss but virgin
Islanders are really strong people were
resilient we rolled up our sleeves and
took care of ourselves and I think
that's what you're seeing
we were able to get our power lines back
up sometime after Christmas but we're
going to continue to need your help and
I'm really grateful for people like you
Stephanie and M MSNBC for continuing to
highlight what's happening here in the
Virgin Islands
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
