joining me now is NBC News senior
national security and intelligence
analyst and former director of the CIA
John Brennan director Brennan thanks for
being on good morning Haley what are you
planning to talk about as usual so what
do you make of this idea that this could
be an October Surprise duck dump I have
no idea whether or not something like
that is this planned or anticipated but
I wouldn't be surprised if there going
to be other efforts to try to undermine
the Moller investigation as I think we
have seen mr. Trump and others trying to
do that repeatedly over the last year or
so so do they have something planned
that they might I don't know he thinks
the president seems to think it is going
to be exactly that because he says these
documents will expose quote really bad
things at the FBI Devon una has said in
Politico you're gonna be frightened by
what you see what could they be talking
about really I don't know I am all for
transparency as far as making sure that
we have good government and good
government officials who are carrying
out the responsibilities but I'm also
very concerned like Jim Comey is about
exposing intelligence sources of methods
as well as doing anything that might
compromise an ongoing criminal
investigation and it seems as though the
White House and the Republicans are
being very selective in terms of what it
is that they put out explain it because
there is a push-pull here right you have
said that the FBI and other officials do
have an obligation to push back on this
but the president is allowed to
declassify materials he does have that
authority so how do you square that well
the president has the authority to do a
lot of things it doesn't mean it's the
if he does it it's the right thing to do
such as going to war pushing a button
that is going to launch missiles so I
really hope that the officials in
positions of authority and with access
to mr. Trump are going to explain to him
in a very common rational manner what
the real adverse impact would be on
intelligence capabilities or criminal
investigations or whatever whether or
not mr. Trump chooses to accept their
counsel is something else but I do think
it is the responsibilities those
officials who understand just how
delicate and sensitive these
capabilities are so there's two
questions that on that and you
understand this process of
declassification and how that works and
what is important and what is not when
it comes to reactions for example so
when there is this review process in
place right now the FBI the DOJ looking
at what to declassify in these documents
is that legitimate is that a stalling
tactic could it be both well anytime
there's going to be a directive or an
interest in trying to release something
the relevant agencies will go through a
process of reviewing the information and
looking at what the negative impact
would be either on law enforcement or
national security or intelligence of
releasing some information and they
should in fact try to push out as much
information as possible in the interest
of transparency right and they shouldn't
hold anything back because it might be
embarrassing or because it's is
something that they just don't want to
share publicly there needs to be a basis
to redact information and keep it from
the public particularly if a President
of the United States directs them to do
it they have responsibility to try to
meet that directive but if that
directive does not take into account the
very serious and grave impact on
national security
I do think these officials have the
obligation to push back against it they
have already done this review process
and released some of this based on this
FOIA that was filed by the New York
Times and other outlets the documents
are out with redaction so they've done
this review there is a possibility now
that when the president says review this
information some of it will still be
redacted right the president could just
release all of it what what is the fear
what is the danger or the concern if
that ends up happening well I don't know
what all is still covered up in terms of
the information that has being protected
and I don't know what meaning is that
but as Jim Comey says is this going to
be something that is going to inhibit
individuals from cooperating with law
enforcement or intelligence in the
future out of fear that their identity
their name their information that they
share in a very confidential way and
sometimes it could be with adverse
impact if they are serving overseas or
if they are you know foreign citizens if
this is going to be exposed I think that
a lot of individuals who might want to
work with the US government are going to
think twice and three times about it if
a president of states can just
capriciously arbitrarily unilaterally
and recklessly release that information
I'm director real quick last time we
were on the show we talked about your
security clearance getting stripped you
said you hadn't heard from any
the administration on that that's still
the same case I haven't heard anything
have received any notification or phone
call or anything about that so what the
actual status of it is I'm not sure
White House has said you don't need to
be notified they're just doing it well
yes but there are certain steps that
would need to be taken also in terms of
adjustments made to intel's community
databases and whatever okay director
John Brennan thank you for coming myself
I appreciate it thank you for checking
out our YouTube channel why don't you
subscribe it's really easy just click on
that button down there and for more news
from MSNBC click on any of these videos
here for the latest interviews and
highlights you can get more videos from
MSNBC with our newsletters head over to
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
