founding president of the Hispanic
Federation the father of Hamilton's
creator and star lin-manuel Miranda we
say that because both you Lewis and your
son have gone back often to try to work
on recovery efforts you're trying to do
the best you can we know that you were
there this summer with your son to
announce a new multi-million dollar fund
to help boost the Arts on the island so
let me ask you this you just heard in
that story from Gabe Gutierrez a man who
still doesn't have his power back who or
what is to blame well it's an island
with a 72 billion dollar debt before
Maria hit Puerto Rico it's no response
from FEMA and the federal government by
their own admission
it's a precedent that spend the weekend
after Maria fighting with NFL football
players over kneeling it's it's it's
many many many are responsible but what
we also need to add is that there may be
people who have no power but the power
even though he has been restored the
fact is that many times during the week
power fails so families cannot go to the
supermarket and buy an entire week worth
of groceries because they never know we
for 24 hours they're not gonna have
power you talked about a federal
response you talked about the timeline
of the struggles yet to come how long
before you think Puerto Rico gets back
to normal it's it's going to be years we
have been there with the Hispanic
Federation and with so many other that
have been working in Puerto Rico we're
taking Hamilton now in January yeah my
son just dropped another song today with
artists from Puerto Rico and we're going
to protest on Saturday we're going to be
in Maryland reminding the president that
the job it's still not done everything
in his head he think it is something
Europe federated is benefit eration has
raised millions of dollars as we talked
about for the recovery efforts here but
there is also a political component not
just the recovery on the ground but sort
of the political pieces of play to help
Puerto Rico you have the governor
Richard Rocio asking President Trump to
now consider statehood
he made the case this morning on this
network I want to play it for you the
truth of the matter is that we've been
treated as second-class citizens the
only reason why the recovery was
different in Texas Florida and in Puerto
Rico is because Puerto Rico is a
colonial territory of the United States
the people of Puerto Rico have chosen
statehood twice in the past six years so
it's also a matter of democracy and of
human rights and democratic rights do
you believe that people in Puerto Rico
want statehood do you see that happening
sometime the near future here from the
political perspective with Governor
Ricardo SAR there I believe that the
governor won statehood the people of
Puerto Rico won a normal life again and
won the federal government on everyone
who can help to help
so that Puerto Rico can be a normal
place again statehood Commonwealth
independence all of that has been
debated since I can remember since 1898
but at this point it's not the time to
talk about the status of Puerto Rico but
about the fact that we ought to be
treated as a regular American citizens
regardless of what the statuses some of
those some of people who live in Puerto
Rico about 200 thousand of them have
actually left the island they've gone
back to the mainland here do you see
that affecting politics here on the
mainland do you see them registering to
vote actually making their voices heard
we we do and we hope that the new Puerto
Ricans the new puerto rican families
will join hundreds of thousands of
Puerto Ricans who have been in Florida
moving for the last decade remember who
helped Puerto Rico and who didn't help
Puerto Rico and use their political
power in November of this year to decide
who represents us in Congress thank you
for checking out our YouTube channel why
don't you subscribe it's really easy
just click on that button down there and
for more news from MSNBC click on any of
these videos here for the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more videos from MSNBC with our
newsletters head over to msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up
