I am a veteran and my meaty moment was
when I was serving in the United States
Navy initially I was angry that it
happened and they told a bunch of people
who didn't care that is a look just in
outside Senator Chuck Grassley office
just in the last couple of minutes over
on Capitol Hill dozens of protesters
gathering to share their meat two
stories grassy of course is the chairman
of the Judiciary Committee and he's
given the woman accusing Supreme Court
nominee Brett Kavanaugh of sexual
assault decades ago Christine Blasi Ford
until 10:00 a.m. tomorrow to say whether
she will testify Monday or not I want to
go back to Casey Hunter who was on
Capitol Hill Casey it's interesting
because we had talked I think earlier in
the week about the idea and an apartment
from Politico and heard from some of her
sources
the protest would pick up given this
allegation against Brett Kavanaugh and
it seems as though that is what we're
starting to see on the hill
well Hallie look we've seen a lot of
protests on a lot of issues people
yelling and chanting this one feels
different and I think as you saw the the
soundbite that you just played of these
women who've come from all across the
country who are not simply you know
chanting or saying that they are opposed
to Cavanaugh but rather they have come
to actually publicly tell at several of
them have said it's for the first time
stories that they've had that seems
similar to what dr. Christine glossy
Ford has said that she has been through
and this sort of groundswell show of
support I think you know is the kind of
emotional moment that does potentially
contribute to how this plays out over
all because as we talked about a little
bit earlier in your show we still don't
know if dr. Ford's going to testify but
she hasn't ruled it out and
this kind of a back-and-forth where
essentially it's turning into a battle
of credibility a question of who do you
believe and why this kind of moment can
actually play a pretty significant role
in that so these protesters have a vigil
planned for one o'clock a press
conference planned for 4:30 and we'll
keep you posted on their movements here
through the day
oh great Casey hunt Casey on the hill
Casey thank you thank you for checking
out our YouTube channel why don't you
subscribe it's really easy just click on
that button down there and for more news
from MSNBC click on any of these videos
here for the latest interviews and
highlights you can get more videos from
MSNBC with our newsletters head over to
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
