president Trump ramping up the attacks
on his own attorney general as we said
and one former White House official is
not happy about it we'll get to that in
a second this is a new interview with
the hill TV Trump again berated Jeff
Sessions over his decision to recuse
himself from the Russia investigation
this time he went further saying quote I
don't have an attorney general it's very
sad I'm not happy at the border I'm not
happy with numerous things not just this
I'm so sad over Jeff Sessions because he
came to me he was the first senator that
endorsed me and he wanted to be Attorney
General and I didn't see it
Phil Rucker and Ashley Parker of the
Washington Post spoke to a former White
House official about the president's
latest attack on sessions who said this
quote it is a complete disgrace the way
that Trump is acting like a schoolyard
bully against sessions
the official said requesting anonymity
to share a critical opinion I understand
his frustration I understand why he
feels the way he does but what a child
what an absolute baby
he's disgracing himself earlier today
the president was asked about his
comment that he didn't have an attorney
general I'm disappointed in the Attorney
General for numerous reasons but we have
an attorney general I'm disappointed in
the Attorney General for many reasons in
u.s.
we are looking at lots of different
things I have a great cabinet we have
the greatest economy ever in the history
of our country so we're very happy with
the way things are running generally
speaking with us tonight david jolly
former republican congressman from
florida beaming with pride and frank
montoya former FBI special agent in
charge who during his time when the
bureau played a role in establishing the
national cyber investigative Joint Task
Force all right congressman you can
guess this I'm coming to you is it an
article of faith that the day after the
midterms Jeff Sessions is xeroxing
resumes and the question is does he get
fired or resigned first look Donald
Trump's continued comments about Jeff
Sessions simply reinforced that when it
comes to true leadership Donald Trump is
a weak and timid man he is unable to
confront Jeff Sessions face-to-face on
this he is unable to make the hard
decision instead he just continues to
Lampoon and deride sessions in the press
but I think we do have to wrestle with
the question of course Donald Trump
would be happy to fire sessions
immediately after the election Lindsey
Graham has telegraphed that but does
Jeff Sessions beat him to the punch and
what does that political story look like
Jeff Sessions have served the public for
35 years as a US Attorney as Attorney
General a state of Alabama as a United
States Senator he has a healthy
impression of himself as most senators
do if you will and does he want to go
out being fired by a tweet as req
Tillerson was or does he actually want
to go out on his own terms
I think it actually might be the latter
and we should begin to consider what
that story looks like hey Frank how are
feds doing their jobs these days when
the president says he doesn't have an
attorney general and this week in the
last 24 hours called the FBI a cancer on
the country it's it's difficult you know
first and foremost of professionals and
so they're gonna put their heads down
they're gonna keep doing the work but
the fact of the matter is everybody's
paying attention to this their partners
their sources the folks even the folks
that they're running investigations
against
so it there is a vulnerability and it's
also a huge challenge in terms of the
trust that you try to build with the
folks that you're working with and and
the sources that you're trying to
develop and so yeah it's really hard
it's difficult it it's a slap in the
face and you know the fact is that it it
keeps on going it doesn't end and people
are starting to struggle with it David
do you see any Republican standing up to
this no not at all I think the question
for Republicans is what happens with a
replacement nomination but to your point
Jeff Sessions is one Republican right
now actually standing up for himself and
for the country and in many ways has
become a quiet hero regardless of what
you think of his ideology he is
advancing a very strongly conservative
Donald Trump criminal justice agenda he
is rolling back Barack Obama's criminal
justice agenda many people disagree with
that but at the end of the day it is
hard to point to another cabinet member
that has been resolute in his quiet
defiance of this president I don't think
anybody saw that coming with Jeff
Sessions but the reality is Jeff
Sessions has continued to stand up to
this president done so in his own under
his own terms but at least he's due
credit for doing so yeah good point
hey Frank is there anything in what
we've just been talking about what we've
witnessed say just this week that a
Muller would be interested in while he
does his work all of it I mean I think
that he's probably got somebody on staff
just responsible for writing down every
one of these uh pterence --is it was
interesting today that the two things
about the commentary wanted to seem to
confirm everything that Bob Woodward was
talking about in this book but the other
part of that too is that he he seemed to
be laying the groundwork for in the
instance of a dismissal that that maybe
you know he can't be cornered on this
one in terms of an extra obstruction of
justice issue the points that that point
notwithstanding the fact remains that he
has said so many things about Jeff
Sessions about the rush investigation
that point to you know potential
obstruction of justice that like I said
you know somebody's keeping notes on
every single one of these utterances and
it's it's just another piece or another
straw on the camel's back if I can make
one more point just in terms of what the
congressman said I think that you know
regardless of what your political
ideology you might be the fact that that
that sessions has continued to stay the
course
you know even seeing himself I think as
part of the thin blue line that
separates us from from chaos is is
something noteworthy and and you know he
may leave or want to leave on his own
terms but I think that at least at this
point in time if he can stay the longer
the better
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
