you know willie'd so interesting Lynn
Goldman came on and of course a
president attacking the study that she
led from George Washington University
talking about thousands of people dying
as a result of the storm it is always
really important for Republicans to
remember if they want to look at this
study and think that it's biased the two
of the president's most ardent
supporters and two politicians about as
close to the situation in Puerto Rico as
anybody not on the island a Florida
Governor Rick Scott and also Republican
Senate candidate Ron de Santos both
Republicans both hyper partisan and
their defensive Donald Trump over the
past several years both saying that
thousands of people died and that the GW
study actually was far closer to what
the reality is than Donald Trump
suggesting it was a dozen people or so
yeah and dr. Goldman works in public
health she does statistics you have to
ask the president what interest she
would have in inflating those number
through her her scientific methods let's
go now to the Governor of Puerto Rico
governor Ricardo Reis AO joins us now
from San Juan governor it's always good
to see you let me just ask you we just
had dr. Goldman on from George
Washington University a moment ago
walking us through the numbers how she
arrived she and her team at those
numbers do you accept the George
Washington number as the number of
people who died in hurricane Murray in
Puerto Rico well good morning and thank
you for the opportunity yes I accept the
the whole process as one that is
scientifically robust independent and
inaccurate you know it's important to
state that this is an excess death
estimate but the way it was done you
know the the process that it was taken
the information that it gathered I I
think it is very well done and you know
Willie I am a scientist that's my my
formal training so when we commissioned
this this study to be independent I also
wanted to see what the process was they
took us through the process I think it
was very well done
and I'd be willing to go over that
scientific process with the President or
anybody in his staff so that you know we
can arrive at the same conclusions
governor as you know all too well today
is the one-year anniversary of Hurricane
Maria making landfall in the Puerto Rico
a nightmare for that beautiful island
and the year that followed has been very
very difficult give us a status report
if you could
one year later how is the island doing
well you know the the recovery has been
long its but it's been tough but at the
same time there's there's opportunity
for a rebuilding Puerto Rico unlike ever
before we still have some some hiccups I
think we have major bureaucratic hurdles
particularly and on the FEMA side of
things we've asked for an extension on
the emergency work cost-sharing that's
on the desk of the president we are
hopeful that that will be given to
Puerto Rico as was given to Louisiana in
in Katrina so we have made ways but
certainly there there are still a lot of
work to be done particularly on housing
we have over 60,000 homes that still
don't have roofs that have blue tarps
our energy grid is still vulnerable and
we aim to change that into a modern
energy grid that has micro grids that
has over 40 percent renewables and at
the same time I am hopeful that right
now with our great relationship with
with HUD at the federal level we're
gonna be able to to get the resources
down here on the ground quickly and
start fixing homes for people that had
them devastated allowing people to have
their titles home titles and ownership
relocating those that are in dangerous
places so those that is kind of the
status report right now and of course
today is a day of solace and remembrance
of those that we lost yes right so
governor Joe Scarborough here so as you
look back over the past year if you're
writing an after-action report a year
later and trying to make sure that the
mistakes of the last year are not
repeated after the next hurricane that
strikes your island our or another
island
any other American city or territory
what do you see over the past year that
that federal state local relief agencies
fill that the most and what caused the
most excess deaths what was avoidable
and must be avoidable next time this
happens well I think there's plenty of
responsibility to go around
obviously as governor I'd take my share
of that responsibility and I take it
very seriously I want to identify what
was done wrong and what I did wrong so
that we don't repeat it towards the
future there are certain things you know
I think that the baseline concern here
Joe is that you know we never prepared
historically neither in Puerto Rico or
in the United States for event an event
of this magnitude so now going forwards
we really have to assume that we're
going to be hit with catastrophic events
such as this that leave us
really with no communications no energy
little access to roads and so forth I
think that the public health emergency
you know response needs to be up
significantly and that's why we
commissioned this study with George
Washington and that's why I have a 920
Commission to evaluate how we're going
to implement changes changes such as
having a census for those patients that
are on dialysis so that we can intervene
with them prior to the storm or having a
census in the whole island for homes
homes for the elderly which we did not
have prior prior to the storm I think we
need to have more resources over here on
the ground ready to execute we need to
make Puerto Rico multi-port destination
we have the opportunity to do so so that
in case an airport or port falls falls
down we can continue to receive help and
have business continuity so many things
to be done and responsibility to you
know to share governor you're a strong
proponent of statehood for Puerto Rico
make your case please well I think the
case has been essentially made to the
world that in the aftermath of my
regardless of your position on the
recovery there have been some good
things and some bad
the truth of the matter is that we've
been treated as second-class citizens
and the only reason why the recovery was
different in Texas Florida and in Puerto
Rico is because Puerto Rico is a
colonial territory of the United States
so until we if you are one of those
people that feels compelled every time
you see the images every time you see
something that happens in Puerto Rico
and you ask yourself why are these US
citizens treated differently we need to
attend to the root cause of the problem
and that is colonialism now the people
of Puerto Rico have chosen statehood
twice in the past six years so it's also
a matter of democracy and of human
rights and democratic rights that we're
asking to move the ball on the federal
government so right now the showcases
there everybody has seen it and my
petition to all decision makers is to
establish their position do you want the
United States to be the standard-bearer
of democracy while carrying colonial
colonial territories in the 21st century
how can you go to Cuba or to Venice oil
and preach democracy while you have
three over three million u.s. citizens
disenfranchised are we gonna allow in
this modern age to have two types of
citizenship in the in the United States
and are we content with giving people
different treatments in this moment
where there is clearly a sense of change
so it is my view Joe that for all
stakeholders right at this time in the
one-year anniversary it's time for
decision makers to put up or shut up and
state if they will welcome porto rico as
a 51st state if they will do what's in
their power to make it happen or if they
will reject the right side of history
all right we'll see if Congress is
listening this morning governor away it
hasn't in years past Puerto Rico's
governor Ricardo will say oh thank you
so much and give our best to your
beautiful Island please do please do
thank you so thank you still ahead this
morning the Senate Judiciary Committee
wants to know by tomorrow morning if
Brett Cavanaugh's accuser dr. Ford will
testify Monday
but her lawyer says there's no need to
rush we'll get a live report from the
White House also ahead is Texas senator
Ted Cruz up or down in his battle with
Democrat better O'Rourke two polls two
days two completely different pictures
of the state of that race will have some
new numbers when Morning Joe comes right
back thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
