pick it up there the lawyer for
Christine Blasi for the woman who was
accused Supreme Court nominee Brett
Kavanaugh of sexual assault more than
three decades ago has called the
Republican plan for Monday's Senate
hearing not a fair or good-faith
investigation in a statement her
attorney Lisa banks writes Ford
continues to believe that a full
nonpartisan investigation of this matter
is needed and she's willing to cooperate
with the committee however the committee
stated plan to move forward with a
hearing that has only two witnesses is
not a fair or good-faith investigation
there are multiple witnesses whose names
have appeared publicly and should be
included in any proceeding the rush to a
hearing is unnecessary and contrary to
the committee discovering the truth a
spokesperson for the Senate Judiciary
Committee tells the hill the chairman
chuck Grassley is willing to send
committee staff to California to speak
with Ford to hear her story
however Grassley has informed lawyers
for four that if she wishes to testify
on Monday
Ford must provide the committee with
prepared testimony by 10:00 o'clock
tomorrow morning senator Susan Collins a
key undecided vote on Kavanagh voiced
her hopes that Ford will testify the
only thing she can reject having made
all of these serious allegations I don't
think that she can reject all those
sessions because otherwise there are
these very serious allegations hanging
over the head I'm a nominee who has
instead Ackley denied them and that
that's is not a good way for us to end
so I think she's to come forward and I
think we need to provide her with any
protection that she may ask her for her
South and her family that's senator
Susan Collins Senator Lindsey Graham and
other Republican push back against
Ford's calls for an investigation into
her allegation against Cavanaugh Graham
tweeting requiring FBI investigation of
a 36 year old allegation without
specific references of time or location
before professor Ford will appear
for the Judiciary Committee it's not
about finding the truth but delaying the
process till after the midterms it is
imperative he goes on the Judiciary
Committee moved forward on the Kavanagh
nomination and a committee vote be taken
ASAP so Joe we're at a stalemate here
Republicans on the Judiciary Committee
say we're bending over backwards miss
Ford you can testify publicly you can
testify privately we'll send people to
California it doesn't have to be
senators asking the questions and she
and her attorney are saying I'm not
going into a kangaroo court I want an
FBI investigation what it's interesting
that Lindsey Graham is saying that we
must it's imperative that we rush this
process it's imperative that we take the
vote on Monday when Lindsey Graham and
Chuck Grassley the entire Republican
Senate sat on Merrick Garland's
nomination for I think 293 days I do
understand though Casey hunt they're
concerned that there are some Democrats
who are just trying to stall this and
any Democrat are if anybody who claims
that this isn't in the back of the minds
of Democrats are just theirs it's just
not honest brokers they're lying to
themselves if not lying to all of us
that said there should be a middle
ground the FBI conducted an
investigation during the Clarence Thomas
hearings after they needed Hill
information came out it took a couple of
days there is it's not like they're
going to have to go to New Zealand to
find people most of these people could
be interviewed very quickly it could be
turned around in a couple of days what
is the problem with conducting a two or
three day investigation making sure that
the facts are all before everybody and
then her testifying at the end of next
week well some of my sources are
suggesting that perhaps I you know
allowing an FBI investigation to go
forward would potentially yield
additional unsavory information about
the nominee now of course you can
probably guess where those sources may
be leaning but Jo I think one important
thing to remember here is that so far
dr. Blasi Ford hasn't actually said that
she won't appear
on Monday instead we seem to be sort of
one at a time talking about the issues
that they have with how this is
proceeding while that door remains open
yesterday you know we were talking about
the investigation at that statement that
she put out last night focuses on the
other witnesses the other people that
may have some information about this we
know that some of those people have
seemed to briefly surface on social
media there are certainly a lot of
conversations going on behind the scenes
as people are trying to work out what
else is out there what other information
may be out there there's a lot of
speculation and a lot of rumor that
obviously we're not you know trafficking
in as we report out this story but I do
think you're seeing a pretty a clear
strategy on the part of dr. Ford and I
don't think that everyone has
necessarily come to the conclusion that
she won't actually appear on Monday I do
think that from a political perspective
that Monday deadline has become a line
in the sand because I do think for Susan
Collins you know she really went to the
mat and and others Jeff Flake bob Corker
to say to republican leadership you
can't shove this behind closed doors I
mean Mitch McConnell didn't want to kick
this door open in the first place
and he you know that three o'clock in
the afternoon he seemed to be saying on
the Senate floor that he wouldn't by
6:30
having talked to other members of his
conference he had so I think even from
those people who really want to hear
from her they're not gonna let this
deadline slide well you know and you're
right Casey and it's disingenuous when
Democrats act like this was a bunch of
good old boys getting behind closed
doors saying hey we'll invite her in
Cavanaugh on Monday and then we'll trap
her you know there will beat up I mean
this was and it's important to underline
for susan collins for bob Corker for
Jeff Flake this was the pretty heavy
push they had their Republican
colleagues did not want that one-on-one
show
they were terrified on at least they
were terrified when the discussions
first began they're terrified now and
they are praying that dr. Ford decides
to stay away because they know and they
have said that the optics of these
eleven men cross-examining dr. Ford
about what she says was sexual assault
is a political nightmare that could
actually swing the election this fall
well and dr. Ford holds all the cards
right now she has nothing to lose by
continuing this waiting game until 9:59
a.m. tomorrow morning and drawing this
out and you know letting her lawyer have
the leeway to negotiate the best
possible terms for her potential
appearance so I still think there is a
chance that she could surprise everyone
tomorrow morning and say you know I will
go I will go through with this I will
testify but I don't think that the you
know that the back-and-forth over all
this is unsurprising when you look at
how quickly this is evolved and it's
been just so badly mishandled by the
Democrats that they believe that she's a
victim then they have revitalized their
victim by their shoddy handling of the
entire process and by introducing it at
the eleventh hour instead of letting
this have the time that it deserved for
true fact-finding about what actually
happened and at least wait I mean this
is a second time now in modern American
history that a woman who feels like
she's been harassed sexually has gone to
the Democratic Judiciary Committee said
I want to give you this information I
want to remain anonymous and this is the
second time that information has gotten
out and what is so offensive about the
way the Democrats outed dr. Ford this
time is they waited until their hearings
were over they waited until they they
they they basically put their finger up
in the political winds and they knew
that Cavanaugh was going to pass and
then somebody on the Jenna on the Senate
Judiciary Committee
perhaps out of a Democratic Congress
woman's office said well it looks like
he's gonna pass we're gonna shove this
lady out of the closet and basically
identify her well and it does no favors
to her to have this happened so quickly
and to not have there be some kind of
reasonable process I guess I was shocked
when I read Anita Hills op-ed and
realized and I shouldn't have been
surprised that there still is no process
on the Judiciary Committee for dealing
with allegations of this storm sort so
so many years later they're still has
been no real improvement or system for
managing this in a way that respects
both the accuser and gives due process
to the accused Jon Meacham I had a
conversation yesterday with former
Senate Majority Leader John George
Mitchell and the thing that there were
so many elements to this story as we all
know as we've been discussing today and
yesterday and we'll be discussing
tomorrow but the thing that struck
senator Mitchell was his deep real
genuine disappointment in the fact that
the United States Senate now according
to his view is practically a
non-functioning institution it's so
permanently divided your thoughts it's
fascinating to hear senator Mitchell say
that a the Senate was supposed to be the
saucer that cooled the milk I think was
Hamilton's phrase they have six-year
terms because they were supposed to be
one more step removed from the passions
that the House of Representatives would
would represent and as you say it is it
has become now more part of the problem
than the solution a we can spend all day
trying to figure out when that happened
what what what at what point things
began to fall apart there are people who
talk about
Bill Frist campaigning against Tom
Daschle I think 20 years ago people talk
about Ted Kennedy's speech on Robert
Bork any number of moments that could be
kind of the Pearl Harbor of this but the
constitutional order in many ways
depends on the Senate being able to be
the grown-ups in the room and I think
senator Mitchell is clearly onto
something
advancing the argument that the Senate
has become in some ways what the house
became in the 80s and early 90s and and
Joe one of the elements involved here
that I don't think has been addressed
adequately you've got to put yourself at
least if you try to put yourself in
judge Cavanaugh's shoes with all of this
going around him with all of the things
being uttered about him and and and dr.
Ford's assessment of what happened there
or what is alleged to have happened 36
years ago wouldn't you if you were judge
Cavanaugh want the FBI to do a
background check
wouldn't you want I would someone to
step through and say no this did not
happen to judge judge Kavanaugh did not
participate in this wouldn't you want
that to happen no I would say bring in
the FBI bring in what it bring in the DC
or bring and everybody that you can
bring in and investigate the
investigated and that is right now it is
interesting that we don't know what
happened that night nobody knows what
happened that night what we do know
though is you have dr. Ford and
Democrats saying let's have the FBI do
in this case what the FBI did and the
Anita Hill Clarence Thomas case doing
that yeah yes they've conducted
background checks this is new
information new information comes up
after people have conducted background
checks what if we have this attitude
well yeah this guy from Somali has come
into the country six times
and he's had six background checks
before you know we we let him into the
country on a visa but then we find out
that there's a rumor that he was hanging
around a criminal element that could
cause danger to the country would you
say well no we're not good we're not
going to look into that we've already
looked at it we've already investigated
him six times that's it this is new
information it may be false information
but if it's false information then judge
Kavanagh yes and the Republicans if they
really believe that dr. Ford is such a
liar then bring the FBI in they're lying
under oath to the FBI that is a crime
I'm not so sure that dr. Ford would want
to be first of all pushed out of the
closet by the Democrats the way she was
and secondly spend time in jail for
lying to the FBI and really I think as
we as we look at what's happened over
the past week or two for me it I've just
I've gone off Twitter other than
predicting the imminent collapse of the
Red Sox and retweeting a couple of other
people I just I want people to know I am
a Kassandra when it comes to Red Sox
baseball but it is so offensive for me
people I know on both sides where you
have people on the right calling dr.
Ford a liar a fabulous a political hack
we know she's lying she knows she's
lying and people that are fairly
respected and they're their corner of
the the political world and then you
have people on the Left who have
basically acted as judge and jury of
Kavanaugh and basically saying the woman
was to be believed he is a rapist men
shut up he is a rapist so both sides
people who have no idea are condemning
dr. Ford as a liar condemning judge
Kavanaugh as a rapist we need to do
everything we can do to listen to him
but also if the FBI can ask a couple of
questions get a little additional
information
I don't understand why that's a bad
thing we could stop a lot of the hateful
speculating on both sides yeah we live
in a time in a political culture where
everyone's made up his or her mind
already and they'll follow whatever
trail takes them to their conclusion the
one they've already reached I agree with
you we've got to find out what happened
one way or another and frankly if I were
Chuck Grassley even I understand their
concerns about Democrats trying to run
out the clock pass some midterms I would
want the FBI to determine once or for
all if you believe that Judge Cavanaugh
is innocent as he said that he didn't do
this that he wasn't at that kind of
party wouldn't you want to know that
definitively because if they go through
with some kind of a hearing on Monday
it's not conclusive if dr. Ford and
Democrats think it's a sham they pushed
through they vote they put cabin on the
Supreme Court for the rest of time as
long as Judge Cavanaugh and then justice
Cavanaugh is on the Supreme Court there
will be an asterisk next to his name and
Democrats might question everything he
ever does every opinion he ever writes
every decision he ever makes because of
what's happening right now in front of
us a lifetime appointment and yes there
will be an asterisk next to his name
because Republicans wouldn't wait
another week to ten days we are still in
September yeah
the Red Sox haven't been eliminated from
the playoffs yet so we still have a long
way to go you have seven you know seven
to 10 days and if your Grassley you can
say okay we're recommending the FBI get
into this they investigate it this is at
the timeframe that we wanted we believe
these allegations are not true we stand
by Judge Cavanaugh but we're gonna give
it another week we're going to ask the
president to get the FBI involved give
us three or four days of an
investigation come back with a fax by
the end of the week and we will have the
hearing the following Monday we will
vote the following Wednesday that puts
you into early October I don't know what
the harm isn't that especially
Jon Meacham when I think that's that's
October you've got a month before the
election and doesn't that set
Republicans like Susan Collins and
independents like Lisa Murkowski in a
much better position to say we exhausted
all all means to get to the bottom of
this there was an FBI investigation that
came back inconclusive we had Kavanaugh
and Ford on and it was interesting but
at the end of the day it was
inconclusive and I had to vote the way
my my my constituents wanted me to vote
and I we did everything we could do
isn't that the best way to go absolutely
and it seems to me the the FBI
investigation and the Senate actually
discharging their constitutional duty to
advise and consent it's very hard to
advise and consent when you don't know
all the facts or at least you haven't
made a significant good-faith effort to
gather those facts and so the real
question for particularly for Senate
Republicans is what your the choice
they're facing seems to me is is the
quest for power of having this justice
on the court forever more important than
an obligation to seek the truth about
one of the most complicated and
emotional kinds of issues in in American
life in human life and seems to me that
you would want to exhaust every
possibility to find out the truth that's
what the Senate is for ideally thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
