thing once a night Donald Trump has
added a new feature to his Twitter feed
lately homemade video addresses shot
outside the White House in which Trump
stares directly the camera just sort of
wings it with some heartfelt thoughts on
the topic of the day it's September 11
and as I stand on the really beautiful
lawn of the Rose Garden at the White
House I think of the 3,000 lives lost
that was the first one September 11th
the second one posted the next day this
one was about hurricane Florence
although was obvious he had recorded it
at the same time as the first date
bad things can happen when you're
talking about a storm this size it's
called mother nature it's a big one
maybe as big as they've seen and
tremendous amounts of water third
episode came last night it was an update
on that storm and on the tremendous
amounts of water I just want to thank
all of the incredible men and women who
have done such a great job in helping
with Florence this is a tough hurricane
one of the wettest we've ever seen from
the standpoint of water just to
reiterate from the standpoint of water
it's one of the wettest we've ever seen
today the president actually went to the
Carolinas to see things from the
standpoint of all that water and it was
no less awkward that's thing to in 60
seconds
the worst of Hurricane Florence has
passed but flooding continues today in
the Carolinas where the death toll from
the storm has now reached 36 president
Trump visited the region today to tour
the destruction and meet with residents
but as we've seen before when the
situation calls for empathy well he
certainly brings his singular touch
Trump handed out free meals to storm
victims in New Bern North Carolina this
afternoon
telling one of them quote have a good
time he then toured a nearby
neighborhood stopping behind a house
where a large yacht had washed into a
man's yard reading from the pool report
Trump asked the homeowner quote is this
your boat the man replied no and the
president said with a smile at least you
got a nice boat out of the deal after
asking about the man's insurance trying
to turn to the cameras quote I think
it's incredible we're seeing the boat
just came here they don't know whose
boat that is he said what's the law
maybe it becomes theirs president also
met with officials for a briefing on the
damage where he seemed especially
interested in how one particular
location had fare how is Lake Norman
that area how is that doing I can't tell
you why but I love that area why would
the president of special reasons for
asking about Lake Norman well why do you
think
