the fight over Donald Trump's Supreme
Court pick today Republicans giving
Brett Kavanaugh his accuser and
ultimatum talk to us by Monday or we'll
move forward without your testimony the
Christine Blasi Ford she is saying she
wants the FBI to investigate her claim
that Brett Kavanaugh sexually assaulted
her when they were in high school before
she testifies Cavanaugh denies the
incident even happened and this morning
the one person who could order the FBI
to investigate said this well it would
seem that the FBI really doesn't do that
they've investigated hey what have you
asked them since they've investigated
about six times before and it seems that
they don't do that I would let the
senators take their course let the
senators do it they do it a very good
job they've given tremendous amounts of
time they've already postponed a major
hearing that is not true it is the
president he absolutely could have the
FBI investigate it is what George Bush
did during the time of Clarence Thomas
and Anita Hill and if you're thinking
and investigation my god it'll be robert
muller steyr months and months the Anita
Hill FBI investigation took three days
today two former classmates coming
forward and they've got very different
stories Patrick Smith who graduated from
Cavanaugh's prep school says he has no
knowledge of that party after a report
identifying him as being there in the
meantime one of Ford's classmates says
the incident did happen and that it was
spoken about four days afterwards in
school although she says she did not
hear about it firsthand
Democrats know surprised saying these
kinds of claims are exactly what the FBI
should investigate and like I said it is
something the FBI has done before in
1991 specifically the White House
directed the FBI to investigate Anita
Hills allegations against Clarence
Thomas President George HW Bush's team
saying it issued the order promptly the
very day it learned of the accusation
Thomas saying this in his opening
statement the first I learned of the
allegations by Professor Anita Hill
was on September 25th 1991 when the FBI
came to my home to investigate her
allegations and as I said three days
three days I completely understand the
midterms are coming the importance of
the politics three days we're talking
about a judgeship that will last a
lifetime and those three days ended with
the White House report that the
allegations were unfounded this morning
and Nita Hill gave her advice to the
Senate Judiciary my advice is to push
the pause button on this hearing get the
information together bring in the
experts and put together a hearing that
is fair that is impartial that is not
biased by politics or by myth and bring
this information to the American public
with me now formal counsel to the mayor
of New York City Maya Wiley she also
worked as a civil prosecutor in the
Southern District of New York my old
friend Margaret Carlson columnist for
The Daily Beast who has a new article in
The Daily News about this very topic and
frankly bluesy former Assistant Director
for counterintelligence at the FBI Maya
to you first
the president was clearly and let's make
it clear not being honest I'm not being
biased when he said I can't do it it's
up to these guys that's not the case the
president could order an FBI
investigation and it is not something
that would necessarily take months it
would not necessarily take months he
absolutely can order it and and and
should because in this case we've
already seen even without the FBI
reopening the background check that
there are people starting to come
forward saying that they have
information relevant to the case because
the fact that you have a classmate
saying people were talking about this
tells you that there's a way to identify
whether there are other people who had
knowledge of what happened at that party
and certainly that is extremely relevant
to judge the veracity that the
truthfulness of someone who is going to
sit in one of the most powerful seats in
the land Frank transparency
would certainly help the honest if there
was an FBI investigation
it doesn't necessarily support what
Professor Ford says why would the
president not want to do that why
wouldn't Brett Kavanaugh not want that
if Brett Kavanaugh is telling the truth
the woman from the the classmate who
says this was spoken about at school for
days she wasn't actually at the party if
there was an FBI investigation opened
they could ask those questions to people
who were there it looks like the only
person asking for an independent
objective investigation is the victim
and that's disturbing so what is it that
people are afraid of are they afraid of
what the FBI might find are they afraid
that they would lose control of the
facts that they would not be able to
shape the outcome of their hearing so
the White House absolutely could ask the
FBI to intervene it's the Federal Bureau
of Investigation they investigate for a
living in particular they have
specialists who interview sexual assault
victims for a living they do it right
they do it privately and they get
results then we'd get additional
witnesses involved we would determine
whether or not there was a party or not
and then all of that could be presented
to the to the committee for a finding of
credibility and veracity that's not the
bureau's job in this case but absolutely
it could be done and in my opinion it
should be done the bureau should be
allowed to finish their background
investigation but in terms of facts
fact-finding Margaret to frank's point
professor Ford the victim if she's not
telling the truth then Brett Kavanaugh
would be a victim here shouldn't he be
calling for an investigation it doesn't
mean it'll take months because that
would clear him otherwise we're gonna
walk into Monday whether he said she
said and the one person who Christine
Ford is saying was in the room Marc
judge is siding with Brett Kavanaugh yet
he's unwilling to testify so Fred
Kavanagh is telling the truth
shouldn't he sound the alarm and say
let's open the text book and show you
what's inside he will have a cloud
hanging over him if he doesn't and that
he doesn't want an investigation which
could be done
in a matter of days is very telling to
me and that she wants one so that you
know if without one we will be no
further ahead except to see her demeanor
we know judge Cavanaugh's then we are
now which is she says one thing and he
says another she's asking for an FBI
investigation that that may or may not
end up supporting her version of events
he does not want to take that chance
he's following the Trump playbook which
is deny deny deny and there's a witness
in plain sight that she revealed who
happens to be a good friend of Brett
Kavanaugh who wrote about him in the
book that that makes Georgetown Prep
sound like one big keg party you know he
had an alcohol problem he talks about
you know striking a gong using women to
strike a gong and colossal manhood and
its beauty so it does sound like he
would would be a witness to every party
that happened since he was a party guy
there he is he could be called that by
the way it wouldn't even take the three
days it took for anita hill it would
take one day yes it was mark judge who
was writing about the beauty of I think
it was uncontrolled mail passion huh I'm
kind of sad sack to be thinking about
that sir
but Margaret you know politics better
than any of us when you say Brett
Kavanaugh is gonna have a cloud hanging
over him does he actually care Mitch
McConnell doesn't give two hoots that
he's got a cloud hanging over him over
Merrick garland for him that's a win
he's about to get two Supreme Court
justices in place cloud shmow they just
want the seats well Mitch McConnell is
about you know exercising the raw brute
force of the majority you know it
bothers me that Mitch I gave Mitch
McConnell some benefit of the doubt a
few months back when he said I believe
the women do you remember that Stephanie
this is during Roy Moore but it turns
out he just didn't want Roy Moore in the
Senate because he's not believing this
woman and
everything that's come out of every
Republicans mouth other than say senator
Susan Collins and and the guys resigning
flake and corker has been to dismiss
Christine Ford and to elevate Brett
Kavanaugh every single word and this
idea that by asking for a couple more
days
she's asking for a huge privilege after
you know as they would have it they've
given her so much already how dare she
asked for this we have to remind our
audience when you mentioned Susan
Collins it was Susan Collins and Lisa
Murkowski who both called for Al Franken
to step down and we all remember he
didn't get due process what happens if
Ford decides she's not going to appear
this vote is going to go on anyway I you
know they could decide to do that I
think it's a huge travesty because the
really with the important principle to
uphold here's the public trust we're
talking about the public trust in people
who hold some of the most powerful
positions a Supreme Court justice has
the ability with his in this case his if
he were to be confirmed eight other
colleagues to actually say to Congress
or the president no you can't or yes you
can so to not actually have a full
process to understand whether or not you
have someone who will and has upheld the
law to know whether or not you have
someone who is truthful and who is not
subject to actually being manipulated as
important but let's get out of the
philosophical travesty and get into the
brute force of the vote does she need to
show up on Monday whether it's a public
hearing or a private one to stop this
well I would argue that what want number
one obviously they have the ability to
subpoena her right they could they're
not going through their water to show on
her to show up because they've already
said this will give us a pass mm-hmm I
think the point is if they go ahead and
say she didn't show up therefore we will
ignore the fact that by the way we have
other people who say they have facts and
information relevant to this and we're
not even calling them because some of
them have come forward I think they've
actually demonstrated to the public that
we are not actually interested you
so have senators who already said they
don't believe her now why would she
voluntarily come forward without having
the benefit and to your point not
knowing what the outcome would be but
the benefit of a neutral not you know
nonpartisan background check by experts
who know exactly how to get to facts one
I just say to those senators the truth
will set you free if this woman is an
opportunist and a liar have an
investigation prove it hmm and just in a
new statement from Ford's lawyer saying
quote the committee's stated plan to
move forward with a hearing that has
only two witnesses is not fair or a
good-faith investigation there are
multiple witnesses whose names have
appeared publicly and should be included
in any proceeding Frank what do you
think of that Stephanie here's the the
one thing I think that would actually
get the FBI involved because the White
House isn't interested in this Cavanaugh
himself needs to come out and tell the
White House I want you to ask for the
FBI's involvement that will get the job
done here and as has been said I'd put
this at two weeks or less for
investigating the known facts I'm
talking to people that would put
Kavanagh if all goes well for him that
would put him right in his chair in the
Supreme Court for the first week of
October for the start of the new term
this works out beautifully he needs to
come out if he's got nothing to be
afraid of ask the White House to order
the FBI's involvement two weeks this
morning the president was saying how
sorry he feels for Brett Kavanaugh and
his family if Brett Kavanaugh is telling
the truth here an FBI investigation
would support him and support that and
his children wouldn't have to hear all
of this nonsense and a character
assassination if it's not warranted last
point Margaret Stephanie Brett Kavanaugh
will be like Justice Clarence Thomas who
you know by many women is suspected of
being a perjurer and do we does he want
to be another one on the Supreme Court
not having brought to some conclusion
what heaven Margaret that night there
could be a whole lot of women who don't
like Clarence Thomas but he's got the
job lifetime it's a lifetime appointment
but you know we're losing trust in our
institutions
this is another case that's going to
rewrote it that trust even further hey
I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you can
see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
