a globalist is a person that wants the
globe to do well frankly not caring
about our country so much and you know
what we can't have that you know they
have a word it sort of became
old-fashioned it's called a nationalist
and I say really we're not supposed to
use that word you know what I am I'm a
nationalist okay
national
use that way okay so President Trump
wants us all to call him a nationalist
and not a globalist I want to break this
down for you merriam-webster defines
globalism as a national policy of
treating the whole world as a proper
sphere for political influence many
Trump backers think globalism is a bad
thing
a nationalist believes in nationalism
Encyclopedia Britannica defines it as an
ideology based on the premise that the
individuals loyalty and devotion to the
nation-state surpass other individual or
group interests but more importantly
President Trump has a ton of support
from white nationalists and that's a
very different thing Merriam Webster's
definition defines a white nationalist
as one of a group of militant whites who
espouse white supremacy and advocate and
forced racial segregation also known as
racists and I think Donald Trump knows
that so it's a bit of a dog whistle
perhaps or maybe it's a signal to white
nationalists that he supports their
goals or was it simply that he's
confusing nationalism with patriotism
patriotism simply put is this love for
or devotion to one's country that's an
admirable goal or maybe we just take the
president at his word he believes
nationalism is an ideology based on the
premise that the individuals loyalty and
devotion to the nation-state surpasses
other individual or group interests that
if you take the president his word would
explain his trade war his sense that the
u.s. shouldn't police the world and his
call to seal off the southern border his
discussions about limiting legal
immigration into the United States I
want to discuss this I want to know what
the president actually means by this
because I would think twice before
calling myself a nationalist
particularly in this political
environment Michael McFaul joins me now
is a former US ambassador to Russia who
understands history world history
Russian history in particular and the
places in which nationalism can be
dangerous it's a different thing than
patriotism ambassador it is it obviously
is and just a simple test just when you
say that person is a nationalist what
the historic figures that pop into your
head and you don't have to answer me
right now but to your viewers just think
about what that word does to your notion
of a dog whistle who pops in your mind
when you hear the word nationalist and
then I think it's very important the
distinction you just made between
patriotism and nationalism you know in
social science and political science we
teach the difference between civic
nationalism and ethnic nationalism right
and patriotism of is about civic
nationalism I have a flag in front of my
house right now I'm a proud American I
want to see America perform well but an
ethnic nationalism divides our country
and when I was listening to the
president I heard him speaking in ethnic
terms not in patriotic terms and there's
one other things forgive me I don't like
globalism he somehow has a theory that
any time we enter into an international
treaty or cooperate with another country
it's against America and that's just not
historically true we don't sign up for
treaties to help the globe we help we
sign up to treaties and cooperate with
other nations to advance American
national interests through cooperation
rather than through confrontation so
he's just dead wrong about his theory of
globalism versus nationalism so you
could actually be a civic nationalist
you can be a patriot and you can be a
globalist all at the same time of course
of course did Ronald Reagan sign the INF
treaty cuz he was a globalist did Truman
and his colleagues sign up for NATO and
the IMF and World Bank because they
wanted to make the world a better place
no dude did Obama sign the Paris climate
Accords because he was trying to help
out the French or the Chinese no they
were all doing it to advance American
national interest the differences is
that all of those leaders and throughout
decades of our history we thought we
could get ahead by cooperation as
opposed to going our own way let me let
me use a really simple analogy that
demonstrates how rules can help us think
about this what if in the name of
nationalism and going our own way
that all-americans just decided I'm just
gonna drive on the whatever side of the
road I want because I want to be
independent to the rules
how absurd would that be by simply
saying we're all gonna drive on the
right side of the road it makes you
better off and all your your citizens
better off that's the basic concept of
international institutions cooperation
to make us win-win outcomes that
everybody who signs off is better off
but there is a movement going out around
the world right now which is repeated
itself because we have seen these
movements in the 20s we saw them in the
30s in Europe we saw them in Rwanda we
saw them in the Balkans we've seen them
all over that where in which nationalism
is equated with a nativism or a populism
that is anti other that is
anti-immigrant
that focuses on on economic tribulations
and makes people think that if you don't
look after yourself and close out the
house
others will take your prosperity from
you that's right of course and remember
how all that the 20s and 30s ended very
tragically and remember two things about
that one it was a period of isolation
right pulling in disengaging and that
was horrible in terms of leading to
world war two but remember also when you
talk in ethnic nationalist terms in most
places in the world including in the
United States of America you're not
uniting the nation you're actually
dividing the nation and then those other
historic examples that you just talked
about promoting nationalism led to civil
war and sometimes genocide 'el civil
wars that is right that to me is not a
patriotic way to move forward for our
country Michael McFaul thank you for
joining me as always master Michael
McFaul is former US ambassador to Russia
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
