continue to follow the increasingly
partisan confirmation about over judge
bread Cavanaugh but while the president
shows support for his nominee to the
Supreme Court he's slamming the man he
chose to lead the Justice Department
jeff Sessions Trump has long accused
sessions of failing to protect him
expressed his frustration an interview
with the hill newspaper today saying
that quote saying quote I don't have an
attorney general it's very sad
he said that unable to hide his contempt
Trump set of sessions he wanted to be
Attorney General and I didn't see it and
then he went through the nominating
process and he did very poorly I mean he
was mixed up and confused
this is Trump talking about his Attorney
General what's the latest evidence that
Trump he is the Attorney General as his
own personal fixer whose job it is to
insulate him from the law rather than
uphold the law and later when pressed by
reporters Trump wouldn't roll out firing
the Attorney General here he goes I'm
disappointed in the Attorney General for
numerous reasons but we have an attorney
general I'm disappointed in the Attorney
General for many reasons and lots of
different things the Washington Post is
tonight reported the president's
associates say he increasingly believes
he is unprotected yet his attacks on
sessions have raised alarm as one former
White House official said it's a
complete disgrace
what an absolute baby he's disgracing
himself anyway German right now is bill
weld the former Republican governor of
Massachusetts at former head of the
criminal division of the Justice
Department also ran for vice president
this past time on the libertarian ticket
LLC Ashley Parker one of the great
reporters of our time White House
reporter for The Washington Post who
co-authored this report I'm gonna start
with actually about this thing
what is Trump up to us he tried to boy
this guy out of office well yes and no
it is more that he is just again
expressing his sort of sense of anger
and betrayal and frustration out loud to
be fair he's done it out loud for quite
some time I think early on there was a
thought that he could pressure Attorney
General Sessions into leaving that's
simply not gonna happen he's frustrated
and he's angry and he wants to be
protected and he simply can't contain it
this is a president who
that loud sort of the stage directions
and what he's feeling and this is what
he's feeling right now
governor thank you for joining us what
would happen if he fired up say the day
after this election which is a lot of
suspicion he's going to do well that
open the floodgates to him finding an
attorney general who will quash this
investigation on Russia I think the
president's treading a very dangerous
path here when he says I don't have an
attorney general he means I expect the
Attorney General to be loyal to me and
as you said that means protect me that's
just a massive misunderstanding of the
idea that in this country we have a
government of laws and not of men and
it's pretty close to the kind of
undermining of the rule of law that
forced President Nixon to resign when
his interviewed the president also
claimed incorrectly they quote now it
turned out sessions didn't have to
recuse himself from overseeing the
Russia probe however it's been clear
since day one that sessions as a former
surrogate during the election would not
be able to oversee any investigation of
the president's campaign sorry the Code
of Federal Regulations are recusal says
no employee shall participate in a
criminal investigation excuse me or
prosecution if he has a personal or
political relationship with any person
organization substantially involved in
the conduct that is the subject of the
investigation that sounds like the law I
think sessions was within his rights and
recusing himself I served with him as
fellow US attorneys in the Reagan
administration and never heard negatives
about him he was well well-liked in the
Senate I thought he made the right right
call on that I will say that you know I
think undermining the rule of law
failure to take care that the laws be
faithfully executed that was a
cornerstone of the Nixon impeachment
article two of the articles against
President Nixon got the most votes and
it's about exactly this sort of thing
and the fact that you do it in the open
is not good enough as an excuse you
think the fact if you put it all
together the offer the request for
loyalty from the FBI director Comey the
asking out and call me to go easy on
Michael Flynn here's a National Security
Advisor the firing of Comey you put it
all together with the statements he's
making now about its
job the AG to protect him to be his
protector is obstruction it's pretty
close
you know I the demands for loyalty
really give me the creeps and a law
enforcement context I've often said that
I think in Washington in this town
all too often loyalty is an excuse for
doing the wrong thing and demanding or
requesting loyalty from someone in a law
enforcement context is damn close to
obstruction of justice actually put it
in perspective what's going on with the
president now going out there and said
I'm gonna release all the text messages
all the email all the classified
information everything these guys have
in their drawers or have on their phones
or anyway I'm releasing at all no matter
whatever happens I think on some level
we have become desensitized to this
because the president has been at war
with his own Justice Department in his
own FBI just about since the day he took
office but you sort of cannot overstate
how remarkable and how striking this is
that you haven't a president who for
instance choose attorney General
Sessions just to go out and trash him
just about every single day who is it
worth is Justice Department who's it
worth his FBI and the governor saying it
the very least it is horrible for morale
in law enforcement and is also an
erosion of trust in democratic
institutions how do you think he's going
to get out of it a whole series of
pardons that agree not to run for
re-election
what's it what are his options at this
point I don't know I can remember
sitting around the dinner table many
years ago saying well if President Nixon
fires Archie Cox he's gone well he did
fire Archie Cox and in less than a year
he was gone and I sensed that kind of
temper here and I'm really not saying
this as a pundit and in a way I'm giving
the president a piece of advice almost a
warning this stuff is really important
how about the Republican Party is the
Republican Party still vulnerable to the
truth that they still respond the fact
or they now so regimental on their
support for this president the backup to
the end well I don't know I mean I think
I think if the Dems didn't in the house
probably an impeachment proceeding a
trial would result and wouldn't be a
pretty picture so be 12 months of
unremitting
publicity for the president I don't
think you'd get 10 Republican votes to
remove him so I don't think he's going
to be removed through the impeachment
power but it could lead to tough
slogging at the ballot box for the
President on the reelect if he should
run yeah it could take two-thirds thank
you former Massachusetts governor
William weld nicely Parker oh hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me
or click over on this list to see lots
of other great videos
