you think of where this is at right now
tonight with all these demands from the
witness the accuser and the insistence
of the committee that they're going to
go ahead on Monday take her or not
I think dr. Ford is running out of
options I think she needs to show up on
Monday and offer her testimony if she
wants to be heard because for better for
worse she is not in charge of this the
the Senate is in charge of this that
committees in charge of this and their
obligation is to provide advice and
consent to the president on his judicial
nominee and so they get to decide what
will inform that decision and what
they've decided is they'll reopen the
hearings which they think is an
accommodation given that Diane Feinstein
knew about this allegation when the
hearings were open originally and didn't
raise it he she could have raised it you
know saying there's an anonymous accuser
but now what standing that they're
reopening it and giving her the chance
to speak publicly privately
senator Grassley even said we'll send
somebody out to California to interview
you and she's rejected all of those and
Senator Cornyn is right that she she
isn't in a position to demand protocols
it's it's not her right what would be
like Monday afternoon if there's no
hearing and they proceed to a vote next
week will this possibility this witness
he could go on 60 minutes he could go on
your program she's still going to be out
there with her charges
what would that do to the lifetime
appointment and confirmation if he is
confirmed of Kavanagh with this hanging
out there as part of the history book
you know it's tough to say because one
of the reasons why she should come
forward
story and I realized she's going through
a lot right now with the death threats
and all the insane stuff that's
happening to her but I can say this it's
not easy for any sexual assault victim
or a person who claims to be a victim we
don't know in her case one or the other
but hearing her would really help and
and it's always tough for these women to
actually come forward and offer their
testimonial it's never an easy thing but
women stand up everyday in criminal
courts and civil courts across this
country and they do it and I would say
most find it rather empowering to tell
the story so you know if she wants to be
heard she has an opportunity you know
Monday is still a few days away and she
could do it if she doesn't do it then
she might ding the guy up publicly as a
matter of reputation as she already has
but it's not gonna be much more than
that and so this is it it's do-or-die
okay if you're Chuck Grassley and you're
the majority members of that committee
and you got your right they've got the
call on how to do this you're looking at
a guy who's publicly identified himself
as a drinking buddy of Cavanaugh he
wrote a book where he described it a
character has Bartow Cavanaugh who was a
big drinker with him
okay people make up stories that seems a
little closer to life
what about inviting him and what about a
budding the other woman who put out the
word today just today they're by the way
they're showing up now these sort of
third-degree witnesses that she knew
about the buzz at the time of this story
and that he was accused according to
according to the the accuser dr. Ford of
being the guy who pounced on the two of
them when they were on that bed together
shouldn't he be called as a witness as
well if you're Chuck Grassley the
Chairman so not unless you get the
accuser on the record I mean that's how
any investigation would begin an FBI
investigation a police investigation or
a congressional investigation starts
always with the accuser so if the
accuser is not going to go offer her
testimonial then that is pointless as
for her friend there the woman claiming
to be her friend she deleted that tweet
right after she sent it and she admitted
very quickly thereafter
all right I have no first-hand knowledge
so I don't know how much probative value
there is there what we've seen another
me to allegations Chris and the thing
that really winds up condemning anyone
who finds themselves on the wrong end of
these are a series a series of
accusations right that's not to say you
can't have one that is damning and
to ruin a person's career you know I was
on the receiving end of it but it tends
to be one woman or person opens the
floodgates and then others come forward
saying me too me too me too
for whatever it's worth in Cavanaugh's
case we haven't seen that in the days
since this is broken it's been about a
week and moreover what we have right now
is repeated testimonials of 30-plus
years of exemplary
public service now the Democrats may not
like Kavanagh I realize that but they
should consider what they're gonna get
if you know he goes away and Trump
rushes to replace him do you think it'll
be good for the Republican Party to have
two Supreme Court justices both
associate justices have had this problem
generally speaking I don't think
Republicans are gonna care about that at
all you know they want they want a
conservative justice right they don't
they don't believe in the I need a hill
and they're probably not gonna believe
dr. Ford that's the this is so political
right I mean the whole thing I believe
this woman should be heard I hope she
shows up and testifies on Monday but the
truth is mostly the Republicans are not
inclined to believe her no matter what
she says and most of the Democrats are
not inclined to believe judge Kavanagh
no matter what he says so part of this
is all politics and it's it's for show
and I don't I frankly don't blame either
party for not wanting anything to do
with it but my calculation right now is
probably nothing's gonna change and he's
gonna get confirmed well your brutal
assessment of the Republican thinking on
this and wanting to move forward this it
seems to be squaring with all kinds of
evidence thank you so much it's great to
have an Megan good luck with everything
and thank you for coming on tonight I
know you're an expert on this hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
