he's a man of integrity a man of
principle and a man of total utter
resolve Geoff understands that the job
of Attorney General is to serve and
protect the people of the United States
and that is exactly what he will do and
do better than anybody else can it is an
autumn beyond words to serve under you
and your leadership I look forward to
making sure that every ounce of strength
I have and that the people of the
department justice have is going to be
focused on preserving and protecting the
Constitution and the safety of this
country it's like looking at that happy
first date photo of a couple that now
regularly fights in public Donald Trump
today is once again dragging his
Attorney General through the mud
unleashing a new round of attacks
against a person he could fire whenever
he wanted to he told the hill TV quote I
don't have an attorney general it's very
sad I'm not happy at the border I'm not
happy with numerous things not just this
I'm so sad overdue so sad over duck
sessions because he came to me he was
the first senator that endorsed me and
he wanted to be Attorney General and I
didn't see it
John possessed about that I don't have
an attorney general comment I guess in
case any of us worried when he was
standing in front of marine one this
morning and insisted that we take it
seriously not literally I'm disappointed
in the Attorney General for numerous
reasons but we have an attorney general
I'm disappointed in the attorney general
for many reasons anyone
we are looking at lots of different
things I have a great cabinet we have
the greatest economy ever in the history
of our country so we're very happy with
the way things are running generally
speaking I don't think we've ever had an
economy like this somebody who's on just
this morning from breaking from the
Reagan White House he said this is one
of the great economies in history so
we're very happy
John he is now is former US Attorney now
an MSNBC contributor Barbara McQuade and
from the Washington Post associate
editor and columnist Eugene Robinson
David Zerlina and Jonathan are all still
here oh great I'll just start with you
because it seems like a president that
likes to talk about things that are big
and strong looks like such a would that
isn't just fire this guy whose guts he
hates yeah I think to use your first
date analogy I think he's sort of like
you know the boyfriend who if he's mean
enough to you'll just break up with him
because you know and quit I think this
is a strategy to encourage jeff Sessions
a man of honor
a gentleman to quit if he is abused
enough because if he quits then the
president no doubt can use the vacancies
Reform Act if he fires him there's some
question as to whether he can do that
and so he can put his own person in
there temporarily for a period of seven
months to be the acting Attorney General
and during those seven months he could
do a lot of things he could fire Robert
Muller because the acting Attorney
General would no longer be recused and
so I think if he shames Jeff Sessions
enough if he D classifies things maybe
he can play a game of chicken with him
and get him to the point where he
resides let me play a little bit of
something that my friend and colleague
Rachel Maddow spoke to former Secretary
of State Hillary Clinton about last
night that picks up on your point
Barbara what I worry about rachel is
that after this election this
president's going to wholesale fire
people that's my prediction for tonight
I like my prediction from last year and
if we don't have one or both hos houses
of Congress in place he will be even
more uncontrollable and unaccountable
he will fire people in the white house
he will fire people in his
administration who he thinks are
crossing him questioning him undermining
him Eugene I want to bring you in on
this because there's something sort of
glib and ludicrous and the Dayton
analysis and the idea that he's so petty
he's bullying a cabinet secretary but
there is a much more serious part of
this conversation that Barbara and
Secretary Clinton both lead us toward
and that is this idea of obstructing
justice in plain sight which is what
these firings all have in common and and
this interview with the hill TV is
remarkable for the fact that it's so
unremarkable that he still talks about
wanting his Justice Department and his
FBI to basically as Jonathan and I were
talking about services his personal
bouncers what do you make of the sort of
the state of vitriol toward his own
attorney general his own law enforcement
agencies his own Justice Department well
Nicole I guess I'll leave aside the fact
that it makes me sad - this is this is
ridiculous on one level as you as you
point out this is a mannequin
he could fire anytime he wants but I
actually think Hillary Clinton is
absolutely right I think he will not
fire two assassins before the election
though he would like to but he won't
because of the political ramifications
and the fact that that would hurt
Republicans chances of of keeping both
houses of Congress and afterwards when
they're lose I think he's I think he
blow fire jeff Sessions but because I
think he wants an attorney general his
attorney general who will be his his
bouncer you know but be that at the
velvet ropes protecting him not as he
said at when naming sessions not not
protecting the United States but
protecting him
I think that's what he wants and whether
or not that person goes all the way and
fires Rosen Stein and Moeller and shuts
the investigation down to the extent
that he or she can
I don't know but I think at the very
least the idea would be to control it to
oversee it in a way that keeps it from
from harming the president if all else
fails to keep secret parts of the bonus
findings that that really should be
shared with the American people and that
that roses Tynan and and sessions
probably will make public but that a new
Attorney General might not david jolly
anyone that would do what Eugene just
described could not be confirmed and
anyone that could be confirmed would not
do what Eugene just described no and in
president Trump's comment that he does
not have an attorney general what he
means is he does not have an attorney
general that the president feels is
sufficiently insulating and protecting
himself Donald Trump as president he
does have an attorney general that has
successfully advanced Donald Trump's
criminal justice policies and frankly
just as Trump wanted to do rolled back
much of President Obama's criminal
justice policies so the Attorney General
United States is actually doing what the
president suggested he wanted done but
he is stopping short of protecting
Donald Trump himself what the president
means when he says he doesn't have an
attorney general is the Attorney General
is not his personal lawyer and Donald
Trump wants him to be his personal
lawyer until your point Nicole a person
who pledges that type of loyalty should
never be confirmed by the United States
Senate and they wouldn't be Jonathan
there but he's going so far as to smear
jeff sessions and really personal terms
he went on to say in this interview
about sessions he went through the
nominating process and he did very
poorly I mean he was mixed up and
confused
god I fellow Trump on Twitter I feel
like that's projection people that
worked with him for you know a long time
in the Senate were not nice to him but
he was giving very confusing answers
answers that should have been easily
answered and that was a rough time for
him but on the other hand he sort of has
a point we watched that today let's
let's watch that again I had no
recollection of this meeting until I saw
these news reports did anyone else at
that meeting including then candidate
Trump react in any way to what mr.
Papadopoulos had presented I don't
recall did you discuss your meetings
with ambass
kiss lyac with mr. Flinn I do not recall
and don't believe I communicated any of
that information did anybody ever Ford
to you a communication from mr. Papa Doc
I don't recall it I don't recall ever
being a made aware of that before I
don't recall it I do not recall such a
conversation I don't recall it in your
testimony today you have stated I don't
recall at least 20 times is that fair to
say and I have no idea mark this damn
account a day I agreed with Donald Trump
who said answers it should have been
easily answered I mean you've got a
point and what they all have in common
is they were all about Russia right I
believe it's been reported that Trump
preferred Jeff Sessions as mr. Magoo
right and we're seeing that on display
in that a pretty tough video clip there
yes they are all about Russia but what
has happened here or last few months is
from a blockade had been formed around
Jeff Sessions protecting him where there
are Republican senators who said he was
a valuable former colleague and deserves
your loyalty don't fire him we can't
confirm anybody else there are
conservatives who said like hey he's
actually getting your agenda done he's
probably been your most effective
cabinet member you know and acting the
magenta in the DOJ and also the people
who have oh I just I just got like a
stomach flip the baggage Enda and drj
and then of course there's those
counselors and come his closest advisors
including Rudy Giuliani who say to him
like if you fire him now that's only
gonna make the rush or paint work you'll
get it right don't do this but what we
have seen though is Lindsey Graham was
for the first willing to step out a few
weeks ago and give Trump cover
suggesting that yes you should wait till
the midterms are over because it would
be politically dangerous for the
Republican Party but suggesting that hey
the president deserves to have an
attorney general he trusts that he has
confidence in and I think that if
there's a widely held expectation in
Washington sessions isn't gonna quit
he's told you'll around him he's not
gonna walk away but at some point
whether it's November or December
January the Trump will fire him and then
Will's the dominoes will fall as they
may
Barbara McQuade this idea of sort of
normalizing the venom against Jeff
Sessions will be one of the black marks
on Lindsey Graham's legacy in the Senate
but take me inside what happens next
which is my six-year-olds favorite
question so many fire sessions the
morning morning after the midterms what
happens next who takes that job and what
do they have to promise Trump to get it
yeah well you talked about you know
anyone who would do the things that
President Trump would want him to do and
the Russia investigation for example
could not be confirmed but if he acts
under the vacancies Reform Act for a
temporary position he could appoint
someone for up to seven months in an
acting capacity it has to be someone
who's already presidential II confirmed
but it could be somebody in the Justice
Department or any other part of the
executive branch who could come in for
those seven months and do his bidding
that person would not have to be
confirmed and so that's what I worry
about this is a person who has not had
to go before the Senate and go through
the scrutiny and make promises about
what he may or may not do with regard to
the Russia investigation that person
could come in shut it down or I think
more subtly make decisions to clip the
wings of Robert Muller that never see
the light of day not allowing him to
take certain investigative steps for
example or indict certain individuals
and so I think that is a way to seize
control of the over the Russia
investigation hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
