tonight meet the midterm senator Ted
Cruz is out with a new ad attacking his
Democratic opponent federal work on
immigration and throwing some
much-needed red meat to trump
Republicans check it out deported five
times deported 11 times deported 20
times but Beto O'Rourke's said crossing
the border illegally should not be a
crime and said he's quote open to
abolishing ice we need a leader to stop
the chaos at the border a Quinnipiac
poll out this week has Cruz up nine
points and an online Reuters poll has
has a Roark up two points for Cruz to
pull off a win in a year charged with
democratic enthusiasm he needs the
active support of Trump diehards and for
a work to win he'll need a surge in
support from Latino voters and he may
have gotten that message this week
rolling out his first spanish-language
television ad the two will face off for
the first of three debates this Friday
night in Dallas a different kind of
Friday night likes in Texas if you will
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more Meet
the Press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
