we begin this morning with a standoff in
the US Senate top Democrats joining
Christine Ford demanding an
investigation into her allegations of
sexual misconduct against Brett
Kavanaugh before she sits down to
testify but Republicans they say no
investigation no delay she's got one
shot to tell her story Monday on the
hill take it or leave it I have a great
team here to help break all of it down
but first let me explain exactly where
things stand right now it is looking
more and more like Christine Blasi Ford
she's gonna have to make a decision
whether or not to show up at 10 a.m. on
Monday even if she does not get that
investigation she's calling for senators
on both sides say they want to hear from
Kavanaugh and Ford regarding her
allegations that the nominee assaulted
her at a party when the two were
teenagers but she might only get one
chance on Tuesday Ford's attorneys
responded to the offer in a letter
saying that the timeline is unreasonable
particularly given the pressure for teas
under it says she's gotten a quote
stunning amount of support but also been
the target of vicious harassment and
even death threats quote while dr.
Ford's life was being turned upside down
you and your staff scheduled a public
hearing for her to relive this traumatic
and harrowing incident while no sexual
assault survivor should be suggest
subjected to such an ordeal dr. Ford
wants to cooperate with the committee
and with law enforcement officials for
that to happen Ford and her attorneys
say the FBI needs to investigate first
but earlier this week the Justice
Department said the FBI would not get
involved unless there were allegations
of a federal crime and indica and
indicated that it is done looking into
Cavanaugh's background they said they've
done their work the president he
essentially said the same thing
I really should be involved because they
don't want to be involved if they want
it to be I would certainly do that but
as you know they say this is not really
their thing but let me explain something
the president could order the FBI to
investigate if he wanted to there's
actually be precedent for it please pay
attention to this President George HW
Bush he ordered the FBI to look into
Anita Hills claims of sexual harassment
back in 1991 Hill is calling for a
similar investigation this time around
and so the Senators themselves should
welcome more information and more time
six days is not enough for the senators
who probably know very little about
these kinds of claims it's not enough
for them to inform themselves
nevertheless more and more Republicans
are indicating Monday's hearing will go
ahead as planned with or without dr.
Ford she's been asking for the
opportunity to be heard and she's going
to be given the opportunity to be heard
on Monday as Senator Cornyn pointed out
she could do it privately if she prefers
or publicly that she prefers Monday is
her opportunity even Republicans like
Jeff Flake and bob corker who have
indicated that Ford should be heard
they say she should take this
opportunity to come forward next week
instead of asking for more time last
night one of Ford's attorneys appeared
on CNN and was asked what her client was
gonna do about all this if there's not
an investigation would she appear on
Monday she is prepared to cooperate with
the committee and with any law
enforcement investigation would she show
up she is going to she will talk with
the committee she's not prepared to talk
with them at a hearing on Monday so
point-blank on if there's not an
investigation between now and then
she would not appear on Monday in a
public hearing no investigation is and
any legitimate investigation is going to
happen between now and Monday even if
the FBI says they will investigate or if
the if the chairman says the FBI
investigate you're saying your client
will not sit down Monday for a public
hearing there's no reason that we should
have a public hearing on Monday given
what has occurred and when it has
occurred
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
