what do you think is going to happen
Monday because if we continue to hear
the requests to delay things we do get
mired in politics because while it is
very complicated we also know that
Democrats whether Christine Ford's
situation exists or not we know they
want to do everything possible and it
makes sense to delay this thing past the
midterms so this request does get mired
in really sticky politics it really does
and if you saw last night senator corker
who's retiring senator flake two
Republicans they came out with
statements after the doctor Ford came
out with her request through her lawyers
and they said they would urge her to
still testify on Monday we still have to
hear from senator Lisa Murkowski of
Alaska and senator Susan Collins of
Maine they will decide whether this
Monday hearing gets postponed or not
because they are crucial to this
nomination getting passed so if they
come out today and say hey we need a few
more days where there should be an FBI
investigation Majority Leader Mitch
McConnell will almost certainly have to
react to that and we do have to remind
our audience Lisa Murkowski and Susan
Collins without an investigation without
due process both called upon Al Franken
to step down last year now well what's
the stake here for Cavanaugh what's your
take well you know this is kind of a
catch-22 for both parties whether or not
what you know these allegations we're
not sitting here as a panel trying to
you know go through her testimony to see
is she telling the truth is he who's
telling the truth here what the problem
of it is is the timing the timing of
this is absolutely despicable they said
on this they knew about this they should
have brought it forward and now we're
push comes to shove we're pushing the
victims it's a supposed victim forward
into a rush you know testimony she's now
saying that she wants or her counsel's
saying she wants the FBI investigation
which were not even sure this is an FBI
really moment to get into the he said
she said well we were back in the green
room we were talking how do you do an
FBI investigation before you're
proceeding with this vote what does the
FBI supposed to do how many
you know crazy teenagers you know there
are now adults and working with families
and jobs are they supposed to go back
and say do you remember where you were X
night and doing what I mean really what
is the FBI investigation is that what
they're holding up for to proceed with
this vote and if she does testify
you know the me2 movement one of the
things that the me2 movement did do on a
positive note was give victims the
courage people are applauding women
coming forward saying you're victorious
for being you know courageous to go out
and challenge these guys so it's almost
setting it back a notch you know go and
testify if you're not comfortable doing
it in an open setting with with you know
cameras everywhere that's your
prerogative you have the absolute right
to you know do it behind closed doors
but they're offering you a chance to be
heard and one of the biggest things when
you looked at Bill Cosby and you looking
at other victims is they didn't get the
dadgum chance to be heard and we're
offering her everyone's saying we want
to hear you
you have worked on he-said/she-said
cases this is so complicated because we
don't know that much there isn't an
investigation so on one hand some people
are saying this is crazy teens doing
things that you know teenagers do and on
the other hand maybe it is a case of
sexual assault so how complicated is it
for he said she said case for someone
like dr. Ford to come forward and tell
her story in a public setting like this
like walk us through how those work
Stephanie as a prosecutors put those
cases together they happen all the time
I hate this traveling he said she said
the fact that a matter is you can
convict in a criminal court beyond a
reasonable doubt to 12 jurors where you
can't compel the testimony of the
defendant based upon a jury just
assessing the credibility of the victim
themselves it's not exactly so there's
even less of a standard there there
isn't proof beyond the reasonable doubt
needed there isn't a Fifth Amendment
right to remain silent Cavanaugh has to
testify
there isn't a presumption of innocence
what I'm saying is if you can do it in a
criminal prosecution where all the rules
are slanted against the prosecutor you
certainly can do it in this kind of
hearing and in fact the courts tell you
what to look for when you have a
singular witness who's testifying you
look at
what's their interest in the outcome of
the case I'm reading right from the jury
charge in New Jersey it's very similar
swear
what's their ability to know what's
their motive what was their candor like
in their demeanor on the stand where
they evasive or not evasive um I find
funny here with this woman is I look
she's taking a polygraph that's an
aggressive action to someone else in the
room who would not be her allies
Stephanie as a prosecutor that would
have been the biggest thing for me to
say I believe in the credibility of the
allegation I'm not saying it's true the
fact that she could have just said it
was just me and him and no one else was
there she put his friend in the room who
is likely not to be a positive witness
that speaks truth to me as far as
somebody that's going forward and saying
I really did and by the way I want a
full investigation
why don't you when senator Grassley says
that he won't even call or compel the
supposedly the third party that was in
the room there will do anymore duty full
investigation because then we get all
tangled in the midterm so here's a woman
who you know is a victim and now her
situation is being tangled in the timing
of an election
I suppose one last point Stephanie she's
being victimized a second time by the
process yesterday we had the president
declassify information in a cur
investigation in the name of
transparency but you don't want to have
any kind of transparency with somebody
who's going to be on the Supreme Court
of the United States by doing a full
investigation I call that hypocrisy well
welcome to the age of hypocrisy Michael
some Democratic aides are floating the
idea that some people Democrats should
boycott the hearing on Monday it's that
good strategic move I don't know what
the hearing on Monday is going to be so
that's entirely premature I think this
idea that sets back the me2 movement if
you don't testify at the exact
specifications of the 11 men on the
panel who don't want your allegations to
be true I mean so what if you to testify
before 11 people who well I think the
gender actually will play a big role in
the minds of voters and I think the fact
that there are four Democrats all four
Democratic women will mean something and
I think that if you look at the indeed
Hill hearings all these men castigating
Anita Hill did not play well and hurt
them in the minds of voters and by the
way this idea figure said she is kidding
I didn't trust she you are first of all
it does not set back the me to movement
to make her testify at the exact
specification of her opponents does not
set back to me tube movement second of
all the idea that you're allowing her to
be heard Anita Hill was heard but she
was railroading what we're trying to do
is put together a process that will get
at the truth and not be a show trial
that just allows Brett Kavanaugh to get
confirmed no matter what Bob Kosta you
tweeted that this is a politically
fragile moment for the GOP specifically
why I mean I think of Orrin Hatch
yesterday when he did say she I know him
very well he's a good guy she must be
mixed up and that for me was certainly a
moment or a went mix-up there's lots of
guys who could be good golfers or nice
guys and you've had a beer with but it
certainly doesn't mean that dr. Ford is
mixed up and Orrin Hatch doesn't have
any facts to back that up and you think
back to Senator hatch in 1991 he was
president for the Anita Hill hearings
for Justice Thomas so was Senator Chuck
Grassley now chairman of the Judiciary
Committee and it was a fragile moment
for the Republicans back in 1991 led to
the year of the woman in 1992 when many
women were elected to the US Congress
now we're in a totally different era the
me2 era and what passed as okay for
Republicans politically in 1991 many
Republicans told me yesterday at the
Capitol they fear they could be too
aggressive here make mistakes and if
they're trying to move too quickly that
could pay a price with voters
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
