the United States anticipates processing
up to three hundred and ten thousand
refugees and asylum seekers in fiscal
year 2019 we propose resettling up to
thirty thousand refugees under the new
refugee ceiling as well as processing
more than 280,000 asylum seekers that of
course was Secretary of State Mike
Pompeo on a trump administration's new
plan to drastically cut - the number of
refugees allowed into the u.s. 30,000 is
the new cap and it is the lowest ceiling
since the program was established back
in 1980 Martin Fletcher is a former NBC
correspondent a legend here in this
building and Tel Aviv bureau chief he's
also the author of the new novel
Promised Land Martin welcome thank you
refugee advocates and of course they're
advocates that's their bag they say that
this number cutting this number is a
reflection on the Trump administration
saying they don't want people in but
Trump is saying it's about national
security and they're saying no it's not
and it'll hurt diplomacy we've heard
from business people who are saying we
need immigrants please stop doing this
what do you think in terms of diplomacy
in terms of diplomacy I think America is
sending a terrible message to its allies
around the world and in particular in
Europe and the message is that we the
United States of America the shining
light on the hill are reducing
dramatically the number of people that
we want to help that's what taking in a
refugee is and and that's being heard
loud and clear in Europe where there's
also a tremendous trend to stopping
refugees coming into the country Germany
for instance was a trendsetter that
allowed 1 million refugees in over a
pair of about six years and they're
getting a lot of pushback inside of
Germany for a lot of pushback and a
number now is falling down to close to
zero very few Despres few refugees
allowed in there because of the closing
the Balkan route that come in through
other countries but there's a pushback
against allowing refugees in and
Europeans are looking toward United
States and say look America's cutting
why should we why should we be the
suttas in this so the average American
me doesn't option appreciate the
importance of diplomacy I know you
covered tel-aviv and the peace talks for
years former ambassador to Israel under
President Clinton
this the piece I worked on for 35 years
will not be achieved in our lifetimes do
we not appreciate diplomacy and how it
works because when we see all of these
physicians not filled whether it's you
know a in a State Department
ambassadorships some people are going do
we need them what are the jobs really do
but they're massively important maybe we
don't understand that well they are very
important in terms of how America
portrays itself to the world
I mean clearly when you don't even when
America doesn't feel doesn't feel
dramatically important positions and we
don't have to go into what or what they
are is there's so many unfulfilled
helped us understand why they're
dramatically important because there are
those out there who say this is just
bureaucracy who needs it but those
people who believe that haven't been on
the front lines you have well you know
the America's role is diminished
worldwide um you can't fucking when you
call up American embassies to get to get
people on the line to talk about
different issues and they push it
further up the chain back to Washington
they say well there's no one really
responsible for this I mean in terms of
Israel you know where I've been
reporting on the fact that there's no
memory the United States who in
Washington who has the the portfolio of
anti-semitism which they which was an
important port folio no one fulfilling
that role at the moment means that it's
now it's been downgraded as a as an item
of American diplomacy well Jared Kushner
who we know has a great relationship a
close relationship with Benjamin
Netanyahu says we're gonna scrap the
framework that we've used time for a new
reality I think that's true I think
that's true I mean diplomacy in the last
30 years in terms of the Middle East
peace process has achieved dramatically
little he's talking about the trumpets
talk about the deal of the century with
the peace talks between Israel and the
Palestinians well Camp David that was
the deal of the century but last century
so there's been no drift there's no
there's been no great change since then
in terms of Israel's diplomacy with the
Palestinians so yeah it is time for a
change with the Trump's view of what
that change would be is the correct one
is extremely debatable can I say one
last word on the refugee question my can
but I only have a minute and I do want
to talk about promised land I want to
say that my parents were refugees and
they were refused admission to America
in their time Emily yeah how did I get
here they didn't they never did never
did they that's why I'm English they
wanted to become American but let's not
take time from my book and just talk to
me before we go about Promised Land you
spent years of reporting to to create a
book that's not nonfiction well I wanted
to write a story about Israel and I did
all the research possible but I didn't
want to in the end I decided not to tell
the history of Israel but the story of
Israel and that just came through
fiction better it's a love story it's a
thriller it tells a story the first two
decades of Israel it's the first in a
trilogy and my parents always wanted to
be American but never made it hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
