and take us inside the FBI what are you
hearing from your sources because in the
case that this is he-said she-said you
know people are immediately jumping to
the well maybe she's asking for an
investigation because she wants to delay
things maybe she's asking for an
investigation so it's not just he said
she said because even mark who's in the
room of judge mark judge who's in the
room while he said it didn't happen he's
not willing to testify yeah Stephanie my
sources are frankly presenting another
view than the one you just heard from
Bill Gavin which is that the Epis the
FBI absolutely could investigate this
not as a criminal matter but as part of
their role background checking federal
nominees but they could only do that if
the White House asked them to look into
this allegation and if the White House
did ask them to do that they would be
perfectly capable of shedding some light
on this in fact you know they have
people who do nothing but in interview
sex crime victims they have trained
interrogators and as you said there are
witnesses in this case mark judge and
there's another woman who's on Twitter
saying she was a classmate of dr. Ford
and and that this incident was discussed
now I asked the hill and they said they
don't know whether that's true or not
that's the kind of thing that the FBI
could investigate they could find people
who knew these folks who were classmates
they could try to triangulate was this
who did this party occur you know did
people talk about this even though yeah
it obviously was many many years ago but
the FBI is fully capable of at least
shedding some light on this the issue is
the White House has not asked me to do
that and until that happens they can't
do a thing hey MSNBC fans thanks for
checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there and click on any of the
videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
