I'm disappointed in the Attorney General
for numerous reasons but we have an
attorney general I'm disappointed in the
Attorney General for many reasons and
you understand that we are looking at
lots of different things I have a great
cabinet we have the greatest economy
ever in the history of our country so
we're very happy with the way things are
running generally speaking I don't think
we've ever had an economy like this
somebody who's done just this morning
from breaking from the Reagan White
House he said this is one of the great
economies in history so we're very happy
I can't hear you
well the FBI has been very involved with
respect to justice Governor they know
justice Cavanaugh very well they've
investigated a my guess six times and
they've investigated it for this hearing
look if she shows up and makes a
credible showing that'll be very
addressing and drop the make a decision
but I can only say this he is such an
outstanding man very hard for me to
imagine that anything happened hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
