story just keeps moving along and you
think that it's moving in the direction
of those who want to stop the Cavanaugh
confirmation then it moves back the
other way certainly last night
news coming out that dr. Ford was not
going to testify before an FBI
investigation
has a lot of Republicans now saying if
this hearing doesn't move forward on
Monday if we don't hear both sides talk
on Monday then we're gonna go straight
to the vote yeah Christine Blasi Ford
who accused Supreme Court nominee Brett
Kavanaugh of sexual assault in high
school more than three decades ago says
an investigation should be the first
step before she testifies in front of
the Senate Ford and Cavanaugh have been
invited to testify before the Senate
Judiciary Committee on Monday and in a
letter from her attorneys she revealed
yesterday that she wants to cooperate
with the committee and with law
enforcement officials but believes that
a full investigation by the FBI would be
necessary to form an objective
assessment before any hearing the
committee's chairman Republican Senator
Chuck Grassley said there is no reason
to delay Fords testimony writing in a
statement that it would be quote it that
it would quote reflect her personal
knowledge and memory of events noting
the FBI or any other investigator does
would have any bearing on what dr. Ford
tells the committee so there's no reason
for any further delay now bob corker
senator bob Corker also weighed in
tweeting after learning of the
allegation chairman chuck Grassley took
immediate action to ensure both dr. Ford
and Judge Cavanaugh have the opportunity
to be heard in public or private
Republicans extended a hand in good
faith if we don't hear from both sides
on Monday let's vote John Cornyn and
Lindsey Graham said yesterday that
Ford's testimony was the only reason for
holding Monday's hearing
but this is primarily to hear her so if
she's not planning on attending then I
don't know what the point is going
forward to the beach
she deserves to be heard and she will be
challenged Cavanaugh deserves to be
heard and be able to defend himself but
if she does not want to come Mundy
publicly or privately we're going to
move on and vote Wednesday
you know Mike Mitch McConnell's talking
about how six FBI investigations have
already background checks at least have
been been held regarding judge Cavanaugh
and doesn't it doesn't understand what
the seventh would do i and also I I
understand dr. Ford if you look at the
life that Anita Hill has lived yes many
people consider her to be a hero the
same number of people vilify her it's no
life to live it's not the way to live
the rest of your life so I can
understand if she wants to delay this a
democratic staffer we think based on
what Chris Coons said yesterday leaked
her name out leaked this information out
she didn't want to be out in public and
maybe she you know she she wants to
delay the testimony we can understand
that but that's not going to delay a
vote if she doesn't testify on Monday is
it no it's not I mean listen there's a
couple of choices that can be made he
had done McGann White House Counsel
could call the FBI this morning and ask
that an investigation be conducted and I
don't know what they'd investigate at
this time they're not gonna say Mike it
Mike I was gonna say an investigation of
what what is this 35 36 years later okay
can you imagine being the FBI agent
trying to investigate something that
happened 35 36 years ago no physical
evidence no recollection from two of the
three and the third obviously for a lot
of lot of different reasons because of
the time that's passed and also if it
happened it would been so traumatic that
she doesn't remember a lot of things
about it herself
what does the FBI agent do the FBI agent
basically goes to two high school
yearbooks and begins making calls and
visits to people who are still in the
Washington area or around
asking them if they remember anything
about a specific night we don't even
know what night it was when it occurred
we know nothing about it
the FBI would I would assume would know
nothing about it but the other option is
for eleven guys eleven white guys the
Republican majority on the Senate
Judiciary Committee to go ahead with the
vote now the optics of that are going to
be bad enough for them given given the
me2 aspect of what we're living through
culturally right now so I don't know I
mean they have no good choices here
really no good choices
Susan oka choices at the same time this
still boils down to what we've been
saying it was going to be about from the
very beginning and that is does lisa
murkowski
and the susan collins do they want to
vote for a nominee who will overturn roe
v wade by conservative with a cloud over
his nomination unfairly as it maybe are
fairly do they do they want to carry
that legacy with them for the rest of
their lives because that will be their
legacy well that would also have
happened we know independent of this
allegation coming forward that was on
them before this may give them a way out
perhaps but I think it's really
important to also look at some of the
timeline in this she dr. Ford reached
out to the press and her elected
officials in July she was aware of what
was she was about to do she sought to
stay anonymous but she knew several
weeks ago that that probably wasn't
going to be the case because she was
already speaking to a reporter from the
Washington Post she hired an attorney or
went to an attorney in August it is now
September if she's not willing to speak
in front of the committee which everyone
said she should be heard that was the
original request from the Democrats and
some Republicans if she's not willing to
be heard on Monday what right does she
have to delay this or ask for the FBI
investigation which you so rightly point
out will not show anything different
than the facts testimony she's going to
offer
Mieke I can understand it so well why
dr. Ford is hesitant to rush out there
why she would like maybe another FBI
investigation something to give her more
time to prepare for the hearing maybe to
find an objective fact or two that could
be added to the story even though we
just don't know if that's the case at
the same time let's say it's it's very
cynical of Democrats for democratic
staffers most likely from the Judiciary
Committee again if you listen to our
interview with Chris Coons yesterday to
release this ya against her will just
like democratic staffers released Anita
Hills information against Anita Hills
will and then demand that she has her
time in front of the committee and then
have her say again for personal reasons
that my gosh every American has to
understand I'm not ready to go testify
on Monday I want I want something else
out there before I go do that but then
for Democrats and I saw this respected
Democrats saying oh these Republicans
have set this poor woman up to go into a
gay you walk through a gauntlet on money
no actually Republicans everybody was
screaming at the Republican Party 24
hours ago that they needed to give her a
hearing yeah let her voice be heard and
now they're attacking or claiming that
this was all part of some attempt by
Republicans to play this like masters
Republicans can't play tiddlywinks let
alone you know figure this one out
well I think as Susan said I mean
there's some basics here because and if
you you know there's a gazillion reasons
why dr. Ford must be not wanting to move
forward with this at all and I totally
understand every single one certainly no
one wants to be on the wrongs
of giving a woman a voice in a situation
like this this is what me2 is all about
we've come so far nobody wants to be on
the wrong side of this
so everyone said let her speak
let her testify give her a moment to
have her voice let's hear her story I
think she even said she would testify so
I guess some could argue and some
Republicans could argue this is moving
the goalposts and it's moving the
goalposts in an impossible direction
because every legal analyst we have had
on the show you've read you're a lawyer
you know the law there's no way of
finding out what happened in high school
there are statutes of limitations for a
reason so we need to hear from her and
that's why everybody is open to hearing
from a woman but if she doesn't want to
speak if she doesn't want to testify you
have to wonder what the Republicans
really are supposed to do except demand
a vote this is something that happened
in high school this is going to need her
voice there's no other way around it no
one can do it for her and as miserable
as that may be here's the president
talking about the potential of an FBI
investigation because they don't want to
be involved if they want it to be I
would certainly do that but as you know
they say this is not really their thing
but I think politically speaking these
senators will do a very good job
probably really once again complete
complete confidence in the United States
Senate in the process you know I'm
States in it by the way yes here's a man
who by the way has recommended and
demanded and pressured the FBI to
investigate Hillary Clinton's Chihuahua
so for him to now go oh this is not the
sort of thing that the FBI usually
investigates certainly is rich coming
from Donald Trump at the same time as
Mike said and as I asked what exactly do
they investigate this is unfortunately
going to come down to the three people
who are in
room at the time one of those three
people said they do not want to testify
they do not want to go public they do
not want to walk through that gauntlet
themselves they don't remember anything
from that night and then you're left
with judge Cavanaugh and dr. Ford and
there's very little that the FBI can do
most likely to expand upon that this is
a rare moment where someone in the White
House prevail upon the president not to
say too much and he's done that for two
consecutive days we'll see if that
continues today but Nick confessori the
Justice Department has said that the FBI
is not going to investigate this because
there was no federal crime they say that
the role of the FBI in a Supreme Court
confirmation is to perform a background
check to see if there's any threat to
national security they didn't turn up
one in their investigation what's
concerning to the attorneys for dr. Ford
is that by sitting in a public hearing
on Monday it becomes the same kind of
circus that the actual confirmation
hearing itself was and that you have
grandstanding on both sides but
Republicans have given her the option of
testifying in private which to me would
be the best possible outcome if you have
Democrats and Republicans in the room
let her testify with no TV cameras and
hopefully no grandstanding well look the
the you know ask for an FBI
investigation I think is partly a desire
by her to get out of the he said she
said bucks right she wants some other
person or entity in there making some
determination about the facts it's very
understandable as we've pointed out the
FBI is not normally equipped for this
kind of thing but it does do background
checks and I have to wonder if they ever
interviewed the only other presumed
witness to this mark judge now he's
being allowed to get by but just a
letter to the Senate from his lawyer I
don't remember well you could bring him
to testify he could be asked a question
by the FBI I actually see III I see all
kinds of avenues for investigation if
people people want that to find that who
else was at the party when was the party
there is a lot that can be done even on
an old investigation on a cold case and
by the way if we were talking about an
opinion you know that he had written or
a paper he had written on abortion
thirty years ago
you can bet they would have expended
every possible effort
to get to the bottom of it well and
there was a paper there would have been
a paper 30 36 years ago Nick now we have
the two people the three people that
were in this room allegedly
none of the three can tell you when it
was do we do we know what season it was
or do they know where it was no it's you
good luck what's the first thing the FBI
agent does after they call everybody
they don't the people who were supposed
to be the principal's to the party don't
even know when it was where it was
what's an FBI agent going to do on that
that's not a paper that's not judgement
asked that under oath know what's up as
dark judgment asked that under oath as a
person I just find it odd that there is
actually a witness people said it's
uncorroborated but there is you know
someone who is said to have been there
and he's being allowed to kind of walk
away from this we would all say she
would be okay we understand why she
doesn't want to come forward if that if
there was a woman who was the way I
understand why he doesn't want arrabal
character witness I understand why he's
walking forward but he could there are
and and what I'm saying is there are
avenues to find more facts on this that
haven't been taken yet Joe could be a
terrible I'm sorry Mike I was just gonna
say and I'll go to you Mike but yeah you
know Nick Nick says that he'd be a
terrible character witness I don't know
his background but I'd say the same
thing about him has I'd say about dr.
Ford who wants to drag them into the
middle of this political bloodbath and
be hated the guys already gonna be hated
as is for you know the rest of his life
just like dr. Ford just like Brett
Kavanaugh who willingly wants to walk
into the middle of that well the the
reason we are here one of the reasons we
are here talking about this in the
country is talking about this and and
everybody is wringing their hands about
it is because we're not taught two
reasons at least one is Merrick Gartland
you cannot ignore that the other reason
the other reason is that this is not a
three-year term to the Federal Trade
Commission that we're talking about this
is
lifetime appointment to the United
States Supreme Court that could alter
this country's direction culturally
politically in all sorts of ways for a
generation at least and so that is at
the end of the day the balance if
anybody were still capable of balancing
something in Washington DC might that
Republicans and Democrats should balance
it is a lifetime appointment there
doesn't need to be a rush to judgment
there doesn't need to be a rush to a
vote if it takes another week then they
should wait another week because as you
said this is a lifetime appointment so
the question is how does that happen
when there is such bad faith between
Republicans and Democrats and
Republicans are likely suspicious that
Democrats held this till the very end
and then had somebody leaked it against
dr. Ford's will and now they're saying
oh no now we want an FBI investigation
you can say what you want to say about
the merits of this case or the lack of
merits of the case but the one thing we
know is there is a big clock ticking
yeah and every second that goes by every
delay that happens that accrues to the
benefit of Democrats and anybody any
Democrat that pretends that's not the
case is just just lying Mike so how do
you balance that thank you don't you
just don't they can't they were
incapable of balancing anything yeah and
that's what happens weekend this is this
is what happens when you don't have good
faith between Democrats and Republicans
a majority leader and a minority leader
because in the days not so long ago when
you did you could have a majority leader
and a minority leader yeah Trent Lott
and Tom Daschle could sit down and in a
lot of cases and figure out okay how are
we going to work through this let's just
take this day by day and and figure out
a way to pull this thing together there
there you know the New Yorker has an
article right now about Karl Rove and
Harry Reid talking about how the
judicial nominating process had gotten
out of hand especially after
Miguel Estrada Minoo a little bit of
humanity there a little bit of grace
could not only help the people involved
in this process but actually could help
our constitutional republic become
stronger for the next nomination and the
nomination after that thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
