what we begin with the breaking news
tonight about the reopening of Brett
Kavanaugh s confirmation hearing for a
United States Supreme Court and the
Senate Judiciary Committee in the 27
years since Anita Hill was victimized by
the Republicans on the committee when
she came forward with sexual harassment
charges against Republicans supreme
court nominee Clarence Thomas the
Republicans on that committee have
obviously learned absolutely nothing but
professor Christine Blasi Ford has
learned a great deal about how not to be
victimized by those same Republicans on
that same committee and so tonight dr.
Ford is making demands on that committee
that had been demanding her testimony
and what would be a rushed hearing next
Monday attorneys for professor Christine
glossy Ford have told chuck grassley the
chairman the Senate Judiciary Committee
in a written response to his invitation
to dr. Ford to testify about her
accusations against Supreme Court
nominee Brett Kavanaugh that quote an
FBI investigation of the incident should
be the first step in addressing her
allegations a full investigation by law
enforcement officials will ensure that
the crucial facts and witnesses in this
matter are assessed in a nonpartisan
manner and that the committee is fully
informed before conducting any hearing
or making any decisions Lisa banks one
of dr. Ford's attorneys was asked
tonight if this means that dr. Ford will
refuse to testify in the hearing that is
now scheduled for Monday
she will talk with the committee she's
not prepared to talk with them at a
hearing on Monday this just came out 48
hours ago so point-blank on if there's
not an investigation between now and
then she would not appear on Monday in a
public hearing no investigation is and
any legitimate investigation is going to
happen between now and Monday this is
gonna take some time and what needs to
happen is there shouldn't be a rush to a
hearing here there's no reason to do
that
dr. Ford's lawyers letter to chairman
Grassley says in the 36 hours since her
name became public dr. Ford has received
a stunning amount of support from her
community and from fellow citizens
across our country at the same time
however her worst fears have
materialized she has been the target of
vicious harassment and even death
threats as a result of these kind of
threats her family was forced to
relocate out of their home her email has
been hacked and she has been
impersonated online while dr. Ford's
life was being turned upside down you
and your staff scheduled a public
hearing for her to testify at the same
table as Judge Cavanaugh in front of two
dozen US senators on national television
to relive this traumatic and harrowing
incident the hearing was scheduled for
six short days from today and would
include interrogation by Senators who
appear to have made up their minds that
she is mistaken and mixed up while no
sexual assault survivor should be
subjected to such an ordeal dr. Ford
wants to cooperate with the committee
and with law enforcement officials as
the Judiciary Committee has recognized
and done before an FBI investigation of
the incident should be the first step in
addressing her allegations and leading
off our discussion now bud Schiff former
chief counsel to Senator Russ Feingold
Feingold who served on the Senate
Judiciary Committee and Lisa Graves is
back whether she's the co-director of
document and she is the former chief
counsel for nominations for the ranking
member of the Senate Judiciary Committee
on the Democratic side she was the
deputy assistant attorney general in the
Department of Justice and Lisa I want to
start with you there's been a furious
amount of material flying around now in
the
last hour about what's going on here and
what is what there is precedent for what
there isn't senator Orrin Hatch who's
been a member of the committee for
longer than any of us can remember and
was there humiliated himself during the
Anita Hill hearing has issued a tweet
tonight about an FBI investigation that
that dr. Ford is demanding saying the
FBI does not do investigations like this
the responsibility falls to us and Lisa
that is just an outright lie by a member
of the committee this is exactly what
the FBI is supposed to investigate about
nominees who come before any committee
of the Senate
that's exactly right I was astonished by
both that tweet and the release from the
Justice Department suggesting that the
FBI doesn't want to do it and doesn't
have any jurisdiction over it in fact
the FBI certainly does as part of the
traditional background investigation of
a nominee to the judiciary or other
significant post it's certainly within
the purview of the FBI to examine this
had this come up as part of its ordinary
work had someone relayed this this
allegation to them as they were
conducting the investigation
a month ago they certainly would have
looked into it there's nothing literally
nothing in the law and nothing in the
precedent that would prevent them from
examining this thoroughly and
methodically carefully if they're
examining it and so this is just another
arbitrary roadblock being put up by by
the Republicans on the committee and by
their cohorts in the White House and
over at the Justice Department
apparently this is certainly a matter
that's worthy of an independent
investigation the type of investigation
that those members on that Senate junior
committee are not trained and capable of
conducting you know I have to say I've
been so impressed by how dr. Ford and
tonight her lawyers have been handling
this from a Senate strategic standpoint
that I actually had run a check to see
are these lawyers former Senate staffers
because as we all are here I'm looking
at a level of sophistication in their in
their strategy that is just flawless and
there's no Republican on that committee
except for possibly Jeff Flake who
understand
that they absolutely cannot go forward
with this nomination without hearing
from dr. Ford and now dr. Ford is
dictating to them what her terms are
going to be let's listen to what Lindsey
Graham said earlier tonight when he was
playing tough against dr. Ford before
dr. Ford's letter arrived at the
committee with her demand for an FBI
investigation let's listen what Lindsey
Graham said earlier this evening if she
does not want to come Mundy publicly or
privately we're going to move on and
vote Wednesday watch if I for one think
that Lindsey Graham has met his match
that Lindsey Graham is not going to beat
dr. Ford at this at this game I think
that's right and you know there's a very
strategic thing they've done but it's
also the right thing yes exactly exactly
that's a very important point Bob I
don't mean to reduce this to a strategic
issue but as Senate insiders I have to
say I'm hugely impressed at that level
but your point is the more important one
is the right thing to do and right right
from the start
when these allegations finally became
public my thought back to the Anita Hill
hearing was that exactly the wrong way
to determine whether the allegations
that dr. Ford is made are true whether
Brett Kavanaugh is telling the truth
when he categorically denies them is to
have a hearing with 19 senators going
back and forth and 10 minute rounds
questioning these these two witnesses an
investigation which allows for all
people with relevant information to be
questioned and for the facts to be
assembled in a way that Senators can
then understand what is known and what
is not known and perhaps have a public
hearing if necessary but a circus is not
what we need for allegations of this
seriousness and this importance to the
future of the country and Lindsey
Graham's bullying that we just saw but
we're doing this on Monday you know take
it or leave it has been undermined not
only by dr. Ford strength which I
believe will definitely prevail here but
President Trump today said they have the
time they have plenty of time and so
let's listen what President Trump just
said today which is very different from
what we just heard Lindsey Graham say
question frankly we are looking to get
this done as quickly as possible so we
have time available we will delay the
process until it's finished out I guess
we've invited everybody I know I can
tell you this that Judge Cavanaugh is
anxious to do it I don't know about the
other party but Judge Cavanaugh is very
anxious to do it and a delay is
certainly acceptable we want to get to
the bottom of everything we want
everybody to be able to speak up and to
speak out
lissa every Democrat on that committee
is going to be promoting President Trump
saying a delay is certainly acceptable
we have time available we will delay the
process until it's finished out that's
right and I think that the statement by
Senator Graham and also the way that
Senator Grassley set this hearing so
quickly is really contemptuous of not
only dr. Ford but of the seriousness of
this matter it's certainly it's
certainly relevant to whether someone
should be entrusted with a lifetime
visit on the court to examine this and I
think that dr. Ford has come forward
with this very serious and credible
statement and what happened to her with
cooperation about how she described the
story and who who victimized her Brett
Kavanaugh and so I think that this idea
they've got a rush is completely
arbitrary it's completely made-up and in
this instance dr. Ford has everything to
lose by telling the truth she's been
subdued the death threats Brett
Kavanaugh has everything to gain by
lying in fact we've already shown in the
evidence that came out of the hearing
just two weeks ago showed that he's more
than willing to lie and mislead the
Senate in order to try to advance his
career so I think rushing forward when
he's been ensconce at the White House
preparing for next week while she's been
fleeing her home is
manifestly unfair this needs we fully
investigated and it shouldn't be given
short shrift and rushed through the way
senator Grassley has has tried to
approach this matter from the very
beginning and Bob we have senator
Feinstein issuing a statement tonight
saying that I agree 100% with that the
rushed process to hold a hearing on
Monday has been unfair in his
reminiscent of the treatment of Anita
Hill senator Feinstein advocating the
FBI investigation and and Bob there is a
much to fear actually for Brett
Kavanaugh and his friend mark judge
who's another witness who would be in an
FBI investigation and that is of course
that lying to the FBI is a federal crime
in and of itself yes absolutely and and
the FBI can ask a series of questions
can can really and bring to bear
information that they've accumulated
from other witnesses in asking those
questions
and get the full story from these people
in a way that Senator is asking
questions before a national television
audience and some of them grant standing
or trying to put forward a point of view
can't do you know Lisa is absolutely
right about the about the truthfulness
being the important thing here this was
with the senator that I worked for
Senator Russ Feingold published a piece
recently that said that when he was
evaluating nominees truthfulness was a
non-negotiable quality and Brett
Kavanaugh is truthfulness has really
been called into question by the
hearings so far and now we have an issue
where he has categorically denied
allegations and again it's a question of
whether he is telling the truth that's
something that I think the Senate has a
duty to determine all senator so we're
going to vote on this nomination need to
know the facts of this particular
situation and need to be able to reach a
conclusion on it because they are going
to have to live with their votes and
rushing this to judgment having the
hearing on Monday with an empty chair
for for dr. Ford and then going to a
vote in the Senate Judiciary Committee
and a vote on the Senate floor it would
be just a terrible thing for the
institution of the Senate and for the
Supreme Court ultimately if he's
confirmed and further information comes
out I have just received a written
statement from chuck Grassley the
chairman of the committee and
my speed reading of it I do not see
chuck grassley saying that this hearing
will take place on Monday I'm gonna rely
on the control room to read this closer
than I've been able to but I want to
read to you Lisa this passage that Chuck
Grassley has in here about the FBI's
role in Senate confirmation Chuck
Grassley Zinn his written statement says
the FBI has indicated to the committee
and in public statements that it
considers the matter closed
the FBI does not make credibility
determinations the FBI provides
information on a confidential basis in
order for decision-makers to determine
an individual's suitability the Senate
has the information it needs to follow
up with witnesses and gather and assess
the relevant evidence Lisa your reaction
to that well I think that it's possible
that Senator Grassley hasn't read that
many FBI background investigations
himself I have I've read dozens of them
and they begin with the sf-86 including
question 20 which allows the FBI to look
into someone's criminal history colonel
background of anything that's happened
since they were 16 or over it also
includes a detailed examination if
someone does bring forward an allegation
that someone isn't worthy of a position
of public trust to examine those facts
to find out what the matter is and you
can you know that from just recent news
history when Rob Porter another hatch
staffer former hatch staffer was facing
a denial of his background investigation
security clearance because of
allegations that he had hit his spouse
that's certainly not a matter that
involves a crime that the FBI would
ordinarily investigate but the type of
matter that the FBI does investigate as
part of determining what the record
reflects about someone's suitability for
a position of trust in public office and
so this is certainly the type of matter
that the FBI could gather information
about could gather it independently and
neutrally and provide that information
the full set of information about this
matter to the Senate and that's what
should happen and Lisa I just want to
Beck you open this as a staff director a
committee of two committees environment
Public Works and then finance I saw
these FBI reports I saw what they do
I saw what
of evaluations they make and what kind
of help they try to give specifically to
the chairman they do not leave things to
guesswork they do not just present a
menu of collected data and leave it to
us and the Chairman to decide these
things we're going to squeeze in a break
here bud shift Lisa graves thank you
very much for starting us off on this
really important coverage tonight well
thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
