thinking about that balance between the
executive branch and the legislative
branch of course the other branch of
government is the judiciary I have to
ask you about some breaking news tonight
I imagine you've been following the
twists and turns of the Brett Kavanaugh
nomination so heading into this evening
as we understand it the plan had been
for the Cavanaugh confirmation hearings
essentially to reopen on Monday with
testimony both from Judge Cavanaugh and
from professor Christine Blasi Ford who
alleges that he attempted to rape her
when he was 17 years old well tonight
actually just a few minutes ago
professor bla zis attorney has said that
Professor Blasi will not testify on this
matter until the FBI has investigated it
we just obtained a letter that she has
sent to Senator Grassley in which she
says I'll just read you some of the
letter in the 36 hours since her name
became public dr. Ford has received a
stunning amount of support from her
community and fellow citizens across our
country at the same time however her
worst fears have materialized she's been
the target of vicious harassment and
even death threats as a result of these
kind of threats her family was forced to
relocate out of their home her email has
been hacked she has been impersonated
online
well dr. Ford's life was being turned
upside down you and your staff scheduled
a public hearing for her to testify at
the same table as Judge Cavanaugh in
front of two dozen US senators on
national television to relive this
traumatic and harrowing incident hearing
was scheduled for six short days from
today and would include interrogation by
Senators who appear to have made up
their minds that she's mistaken and
mixed up well no sexual assault survivor
should be subjected to such an ordeal
dr. Ford wants to cooperate with the
committee and with law enforcement
officials as the committee has
recognized and done before an FBI
investigation of the incident should be
the first step in addressing her
allegations a full investigation by law
enforcement officials will ensure that
crucial facts and witnesses in this
matter are assessed in a non-partisan
matter and that the committee is fully
informed before conducting any hearing
or making any decisions we welcome any
opportunity to talk with you essentially
the lawyer saying FBI needs to look into
this and the investigation needs to be
conducted the interviews need to be done
by the FBI before she should testify
have any reaction to that I think that's
a reasonable request the White House
could answer it
very quickly by asking the FBI to reopen
its background check and to take into
account the accusation that's been made
and to gather the evidence about what
can be known so far they haven't done
that and as someone who has watched this
process unfold over many years there
does have to be some direction given to
the FBI to pursue an investigation I
don't think it would be a lengthy
investigation I think it could be done
in a expeditious manner if they're still
trying to have a vote on this nominee
they could postpone for two weeks and
probably get a lot more information than
they have now because what they have
done as her lawyers point out is put dr.
Ford in the position of having to make
her case without any kind of
investigation that could be either
helpful or detrimental to her and I
think she's asking that she be given the
courtesy of having some facts laid out
and you know I heard Kellyanne Conway
say we shouldn't be subjecting her to
insult and I think you can't avoid the
appearance of insult if you don't have
an investigation so that she is you know
able to be evaluated fairly and what I
think the White House and the
Republicans on the committee are trying
to do is you know basically put her in
the dock and try to rush this through in
the Anita Hill case in 1991 the FBI did
investigate Anita Hills allegations when
they came to light they were criticism
that it was a rush and that it wasn't
enough but the reason the FBI did that
is because the White House Counsel at
the time for the first president Bush
Boyd and gray I think it was asked to
the FBI to do that investigation right
is that's the relevant precedent that is
the
relevant precedent yeah that that the
FBI is not conducting an independent
investigation it's conducting a
background investigation and the client
if you will the requester is the white
house so the precedent that you just
referred to is the precedent for getting
the FBI to conduct an investigation and
that's what the white house should do
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me
or click over on this list to see lots
of other great videos
