we are continuing our breaking news
coverage at this hour of chairman chuck
grassley having released a statement in
reef in response to dr. Ford's request
for an FBI investigation before she
testifies to the Judiciary Committee
about Brett Kavanaugh we're joined now
by phone by Robert Kosta he's the
national political reporter for the
Washington Post and an MSNBC contributor
and Robert what can you tell us about
Republican reaction on in the Senate
about what happens next it's a fragile
political moment right now for the
Republican Party they're holding the
line they're taking their cues I was at
the Capitol all day and they're taking
their cues from leader McConnell from
the White House and from chairman
Grassley they believe they can continue
to plow for but be sure you can be sure
they're monitoring public opinion they
know the public may be averse to this
kind of fast move and there were early
reports that one of the candidates who
Mitch McConnell told the White House
would be the most difficult to get
through the Senate was Brett Kavanaugh
there were early reports before Brett
Kavanaugh was named indicating that
Senator McConnell didn't want the
difficulty of getting Brett Kavanaugh
through the Senate that spot on Lawrence
I can confirm that you know in the
Senate times of the essence the
McConnell was looking at the calendar
and the senator said we got to get this
done quickly he told the White House
based on my reporting that Cavanaugh had
too many documents in his history going
back to his time and the Bush White
House McConnell's people tell me he
couldn't predict that this kind of
allegation would come up but he was
looking for someone like Judge of malte
par from Kentucky and McConnell favorite
to just move it through the Senate and
now McConnell's nightmare is unfolding
you have a standoff between an accuser
Senate Republicans just months before
the midterm elections and and Robert
what I what I'm getting the feeling is
that the Republicans in the Senate Mitch
McConnell was in the Senate at the time
of the Anita Hill hearings Chuck
Grassley was Orrin Hatch was but you get
the feeling that they didn't spend a
minute of thinking about what happens in
the next version of an Anita Hill
hearing in the Senate Judiciary
Committee and they suddenly have to try
to figure it out on the fly that's
exactly right as one Republican senator
told me today they thought
and they still believe he is in their
view squeaky-clean but there wouldn't be
an issue like this now there's talk of
1992 like 2018 could this be just like
after the Anita Hill hearing with
Clarence Thomas in 91 could this be
another year of the woman
if Republicans move aggressively in the
eyes of voters and they didn't think
this is going to be an issue but like
everything in politics you have to be
able to adjust and for now Republicans
are saying they've given her the
opportunity to speak she has this demand
for the FBI investigation they think
they can still hold a vote but what
McConnell want and what Grassley wants
aren't really were there everything
right now what matters also is what does
senator Collins want Senator Murkowski
there the swing vote there who matter
tomorrow when they woke up yesterday
Robert they believed they could hold the
vote on this Thursday so things are
moving faster than they can keep up with
Robert Costa thank you very much for
your reporting tonight really appreciate
it thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
