joining me now for her perspective on
the allegation the plans to the hearing
senator Kirsten Gillibrand Democrat of
New York senator first do you understand
what the goal of the hearing that
Republicans have set for this Monday is
no I think it's intended to be a sham
hearing because they only wanted he-said
she-said scenario in fact they should be
allowing the FBI to do a complete
background check now that they have this
allegation which has not been done which
is the normal course for any Supreme
Court nominee is that the normal course
the FBI conducts the background
investigation yes for all nominees for
judges and for Supreme Court justices
and they need to do a complete
investigation and they haven't been able
to do it because this is a new
allegation and so we shouldn't even have
the hearing until the FBI completes
their background check so we just got
word that dr. Bosley Ford's lawyer has
announced that she has written a letter
her client has written a letter to the
committee asking for precisely that
asking that an FBI investigation be
conducted before a hearing what do you
think happens next well I think she we
should have that investigation because
as you mentioned dr. Anita Hills
editorial she wrote that you really need
to have a nonpartisan review of facts so
that the senators can then use those
facts as the basis to form their
questions if you have the Chef's hearing
that is intended for Monday it's just
going to be set up to be just one word
against the other whereas there are
cooperating witnesses why isn't his
former colleague being questioned why
isn't her therapist being questioned
there's corroborating evidence that
should be brought to bear in this
hearing yeah what do you make of the
fact that Senator Grassley and others
seem to have no interest in mark judge
who is named as the other person present
in the room during the alleged assault
they have no interest in hearing from
him and he has no interest in talking so
mark judge first should be questioned by
the FBI and that investigation should
take place under oath and then second
when they do have a hearing he should
have to answer questions by Senators
under oath as well there's also talk
Susan Collins floated the following
scenario for the hearing that I want to
get your reaction to which was I had not
heard of this idea but take a listen
tell me what you think
that might be effective to have the two
attorneys who are representing a judge
kavanah and professor Ford do the
questioning for the first round what do
you think of that I think that would
turn the hearing into a circus it is not
the job of outside lawyers to
cross-examine witnesses in front of the
Judiciary Committee that is the job of
the Senators on the Judiciary Committee
and if the Republican senators are
unwilling to do that they shouldn't be
on the committee what do you think about
the idea that apparently has been
floated that Republicans are considering
using women that work for them on their
staff it's an all-male group as you as
you well know on the Republican side the
Judiciary Committee using women's
staffers to ask the questions in the
hearing I think that's an absurd idea if
they literally can't do their jobs as
senators on the Judiciary Committee and
need to ask female staffers to do it for
them then they should step down from the
committee it's their job so let me ask
you this what I mean one thing I think
that's unclear - a lot of people say
watch this unfold is what are we trying
to determine like what's the thing that
gets determined and what's the standard
of evidence that you are looking for I
mean what as someone who's going to vote
and I suspect I know how you would vote
even before this allegation but as
someone who will vote if this nomination
goes forward like what are what is your
understanding of the the benchmark or
the standard you're looking for yeah
well the question is is Judge Cavanaugh
fit to be a Supreme Court justice does
he have the character in the integrity
that is necessary to be a justice and if
he has this violent background where he
has assaulted a woman and covered her
mouth when she's trying to scream then
why should be a justice on the Supreme
Court with a lifetime appointment was
going to make fundamental decisions
about women's lives I don't think he's
qualified because of his record on
women's issues specifically he doesn't
believe that women should have the
ability to make decisions about their
reproductive freedom he believes that
your boss should decide whether or not
you have access to birth control and if
he has this history then he is unfit for
the court and he doesn't have the
character integrity and you add to that
Kris a lot of things that have been
actually documented during these
hearings that that perhaps he wasn't
straight in the last set of hearings
when he
received his confirmation for his last
judgeship there has been a lot of
controversy around there's been a lot of
questions about sort of me too and
accusations and the standards that we
use for them particularly the political
sphere and the ways different parties
have reacted to them and and senator
Franken's departure from the Senate
which is something you and other
colleagues called for although for some
reason you get singled out for it which
I'm not clear about but has been a sort
of source of controversy ongoing there
are donors who have said they're unhappy
with it etc I wonder what you think of
that moment for the Democratic caucus
the Democratic Party in this era at this
particular moment when Judge Cavanaugh
faces allegations
well the question is do we value women
and that's the fundamental question do
we believe women do we give them an
ability to tell their story to be heard
to have some measure of accountability
and you know sometimes it's very hard
and you have to do what's right even
when it's hard especially when it's hard
and so I think that this is a moment
when there's a reckoning for the US
Senate we need to have a proper hearing
where this witness can tell her story
and that the corroborating witnesses can
also be questioned and so that they can
tell their story and it's really
important that we have transparency and
accountability we should not relive the
hearings that Anita Hill had to go
through that was a that was a dark
moment for the United States Senate it
was one of the lowest moments of the US
Senate and if we can't do better than we
did then that's shocking and so we need
to have a transparent and accountable
hearing and it starts with an
investigation by the FBI to develop the
facts and then you can have an
appropriate questioning of the witnesses
final question do you believe that dr.
Blasi forward is telling the truth about
what happened I believe her her her her
story is credible if you listen to
everything about it the fact that she
told her therapist about it five years
ago a friend most recently she told a
reporter before Cavanaugh was even named
to be a nominee this is a woman who has
endured trauma and as experts have said
this is what trauma looks like these
these it gets relived much later in time
a lot of you don't remember everything
you remember the most poignant moments
you remember the things that are seared
into your memory and have affected your
your whole life I believe her
she is credible she should be heard and
this Senate should treat her with
respect and dignity that she deserves
all right senator Kirsten Gillibrand
thank you so much for being with me
tonight
welcome hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
