one thing was abundantly clear these
candidates were fighters to be able to
encourage someone to run for office and
it is truly the lack of political will
from our Democrats and her backbone is
literally just missing right you put
both of those components together and
then on top of that you take your money
from the same postal Republicans taking
money from welcome back to harbor that
was a clip from filmmaker Michael
Moore's latest documentary Fahrenheit
11:9 the film examines the factors that
led to the rise of the trump presidency
and the impact it has had on the two
years since the 2016 election including
what more calls the failure of Democrats
to fight back I'm drawing now by Michael
Moore Michael thanks for coming on we're
going to promote the movie it's got a
mega making a lot of noise as you always
do and then the right kind of noise let
me ask you have any thoughts about this
current mishegoss going on right now
with this court nominee well yes I've
thought for the last couple of months in
any president who was under a criminal
investigation possibly for treason
should have the right to appoint no one
to any any office especially such a high
office as the Supreme Court so right
there that was wrong and still is wrong
to begin with as far as what's happening
not with justice Cavanaugh and the
allegations there should be a full
investigation they should not rush this
and the American people deserve the
truth about who he is and what his
character is and and I was watching the
news earlier this afternoon and I heard
somebody on this network say back when
they were teenagers well if I think now
we know that he was 17 and she was at
least a couple years younger and that
makes she's 15 I believe yeah so he was
either a junior or senior in high school
and she was a freshman or a sophomore so
it's that to just call them teenagers
tries to soften what what may be really
going on here so let's call this what it
is let's have the investigation and but
Trump shouldn't be appointing anybody at
this point anyways and
malaria's completed his investigation
you get your pretty good prognosticator
you figured out the trump was gonna win
in Michigan and win the country last
time I hear about a loan on that so
let's talk about the elections of 50
days from now women I mean my instinct
is to say a lot from I've been able to
tell certainly where I grew up in
Philadelphia around the suburbs around
Philly I think the Democrats are going
to clean up women I think who some of
them had a problem with Hillary in
personality terms or men that's going
now they're just going to vote
philosophy I think they're going to
sweep the house what's your thinking
well I don't know I mean you can go
either way
I there could definitely be a tsunami of
women and young people and people of
color at the polls on November 6 I think
everybody knows this is the most
important election people ask me what do
you think about 2020 who should run in
2020 my my answer is I don't even know
what 2020 is there is only one election
the most important election in that's
November 6 so if people get out I think
that there's enough good candidates
really good candidates Chris this time
that are running like I like you
shouldn't clip they're fighters people
have a backbone the things that that
we're why a lot of Democrats maybe have
stayed home and had become non voters I
think maybe they'll come back this time
because who is on your ballot in your
local elections and your state elections
in your congressional district are
fighters and and I would encourage
people to check it out because we've got
good progressive candidates running and
we can not only create a sweep here it
can be it could be a sweep for real
change
not-not-not half-measures like we're
often used to you know nice 28 years old
a run for the house against the machine
I know all about taking on authority and
I'm wondering how they the birla thority
figure I'm afraid of right now is Trump
and you talk in your documentary about
it being not Hitler because that's
dangerous to talk like that but there's
there's something in the air right now
with Trump that was like the 30s in
Germany tell me about what you fear most
from this president what I fear not
maybe so much from the president is what
I fear about ourselves I think we
already got Trump's number he's an
autocrat
he doesn't like democracy very much but
you could say that about just about
every CEO they don't run their
businesses as democracies so they're not
inclined to that and the idea one-person
one-vote there's three hundred and
twenty five million of us and in less
than a thousand of them so that
one-person one-vote thing isn't good
either if you're rich
I think what's what's important here
when you talk about the 30s in Germany
is that Germany then was a very educated
enlightened cultured society and it was
one of the most liberal democracies in
the world and and the Nazis won an
election and then there was a terrorist
incident the Reichstag fire and Hitler
said we've got to clamp down and we got
to ban these parties and he consolidated
power during a time when people were
afraid that's what I'm worried about
that whatever happens under Trump
whatever national emergency a real
emergency may happen that we not allow
him to take away our democratic rights
because he has to protect us that's what
we have to be very very cautious of when
when that point happens and so I point
that out in the movie that there are
these parallels but as far as fascism
there was a book I read a number of
years ago called friendly fascism and
the author said that the fascism of the
21st century
would not come with concentration camps
and swastikas it will come with a TV
show and a smiley face and that is
really how Trump and others like him are
trying to commandeer the American public
through this kind of propaganda and also
by helping to dumb down the country our
schools aren't what they used to be our
libraries are closing we have less and
less of a diverse press and when you
dumb down a country you end up with a
Donald Trump how do you put together
there's a couple of times in our history
when the left's been able to leave the
center lead the center left in the
middle to a progressive agenda of the
first and second New Deal's of course I
had Lyndon Johnson's Great Society a
little bit under Obama when the left has
been able to lead the center left and
the middle how do you put together that
kind of progressive coalition to beat
Trump
I know you don't want to do it yet but
2020 I think that I think actually we
should be talking about just left we are
a liberal country we are the majority
can you have 50% and can you get 270
electoral votes in the yes in electro an
electoral college coming 20 20 on the
left hardly if we have strong D s now I
don't call hard left it's it's it's like
our parents used to go he's listening to
that hard rock you know it's rock and it
is left the American people are very
liberal take they take the liberal
position on just about every single
issue whether its climate change minimum
wage mass incarceration equal pay for
women you go down the whole list
Americans take the liberal position so
we are a liberal country we got three
million more votes in this last election
than the other side people should start
acting like we're the majority because
we are the majority and I think that
that Chris try to look at that I don't
think the old way of looking at in terms
of being a moderate or be the centrist I
think that's hurt Democrats because they
haven't taken a strong position
I interviewed John Podesta for this ok
yeah this radio one issue where you
quoted me in the in a movie I disagree
on the issue I was yeah the clip had
late term abortion in Pennsylvania where
I grew up is a killer hell yeah way too
far on that it's one thing to be
pro-choice but you get a delayed term
which see for whatever reason down the
line defendant it was a big mistake with
a lot of people I grew up with and I
think it drove up unfairly totally
unfairly the Trump vote that's what I
think so that's that's gonna make issue
that's your view here's what I think I
think the America we live in now is it's
right now more than two-thirds of the
electorate is either female people of
color or 18 to 35 year olds or a
combination of those three that's the
America that's voting now it isn't white
guys of your age or mine okay not that
you're that much older but I'm just
saying I think look I'm worried so we're
gonna come back with you next time I'm
at a time Michael the last thought
quickly I'm sorry that this tsunami of
women of young people at the polls and
on the ballot this is what hopefully is
going to save us and everybody right now
who's watching me just about unless you
live in Montana or Texas
you live within a couple of hours
driving distance of a swing district
plan on spending at least one weekend in
October getting out there
get out the vote we're the majority and
it's it's time to end this madness we
have to end it now we may not make it to
2020 with the democracy that we want to
have hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
