his current restraint by the way in
response to an allegation of sexual
assault is a far cry from one telling
passage in Bob Woodward's new book in
the book president rep advised a friend
who acknowledged some bad behavior
toward women to be strong
amid the allegations according to
Woodward Trump told his friend who did
the bad stuff you've got to deny deny
deny and push back on these women if you
admit to anything and any culpability
then you're dead you've got to deny
anything that's said about you never
admit
well Woodward's book also offers
evidence that Trump has been unwilling
to accept facts when his former attorney
John Dowd questioned him on the
troubling evidence of James commis memo
and testimony that Trump asked him to go
easy on Michael Flynn Woodward writes
Trump tonight he said that or anything
like it what did you say doubt ask the
president and the president said well I
didn't say that
furthermore the president the book shows
that the president had no qualms about
lying whenever it suited him and when he
was reminded of a conversation he'd had
with the Australian of I'm Prime
Minister Trump told former economic
adviser Gary Cohen I'm gonna deny it I
never had that conversation with him I'm
Jon right now by veteran journalist Bob
Woodward the author of the new book fear
Trump in the White House which is known
in Holland as angst which is a much more
frightening title Bob thank you thank
you what you're saying and I went
through this again on the train last
night coming back from Philly the one of
the points that grabbed me not to Trump
lies a lot of politicians lie maybe not
as much as he does but then he went face
with absolute rock-solid fact he just
denies it and in this case he's
confronting a woman who's got a whole
story to tell about what happened to her
at the hands of this nominee for the
Supreme Court and yet he's acting in
this way a little bit nuanced like he's
Naik not willing to throw the book and
close it and say it never happened it's
more like I like the guy I want to hear
from her I feel sorry for him but I want
to hear from her it seems like he's not
playing the usual Trump game as you
described it yes I think that's right
because I I'm sure I haven't done
reporting on this but if when you spend
a couple of years looking at
and Trump you realize there certain
moves and when he gets in a corner he
will take the political temperature and
the political temperature on these sort
of alleged sexual assaults is very
one-sided he knows that and so it's it
it's stacked against him unless there's
more evidence and you know you you as a
reporter you look at this and you say I
want to see what the evidence is and we
may not get much evidence it really may
be the classic Kishin
he said she said she took a lie-detector
test told her husband about this six
years ago it wasn't done for political
reason to me I basically I think that's
quite true but the issue is what's Trump
you know he's got his wet finger in the
air oh my goodness if this is bad this
is gonna be bad for him it's gonna be
bad for the Republican Party coming up
with the midterm elections do you think
he based upon your reporting that he
thinks long-term is he thinking up until
2020 or is he thinking about getting
through tonight on this one
well at some times he will think ahead
but most of the times he's not strategic
he just doesn't plan and that's of
course the problem I say quite plainly
and putting all the evidence together
there's a nervous breakdown in the Trump
White House things are not connected
there is not managing as you know
yourself you talk to people there and
then they get up in the morning what are
the tweets going to be what is the
agenda there's no kind of you compare it
with Ronald Reagan who had three things
he wanted to do in eight years and that
was it and that was his focus in your
book I built you I believe you said he
doesn't have a list that's right reason
to be probably you know we all have one
in our head
yeah it's best to kind of write it down
and get the team you know you do this
you do that but there's there's not a
team here and the the examples in the
book are very clear of people taking
action you're sort of the opposite of
Donald Trump because you once told me
about your your your tradecraft which is
before you start a project like this to
find out what's gettable what's what can
you reasonably expect to get if you go
out reporting on a mission for a year or
so and Trump doesn't seem to have that
search in his head for facts yes he has
this sort of gut
I don't like trade right and I don't
like alliances I don't like nafs I don't
like NATO and then no matter what
anybody tells him in your book he has a
wall against it and he's obsessed with
money and in these NSC meetings which
you don't often get a glimpse of they
will say hey look all this money and
we're spending on defense in South Korea
or in NATO and he'll say we're being
played for suckers yeah we are we are
protecting them and the Secretary of
Defense matters will say to them no not
we are doing this for ourselves if we
had a chance to spend 10 times the money
for this we would do it and Trump what
goes back to this idea of and that's not
the first week in office that's a year
into office he's still okay what bugged
me besides so many things I learned in
your book is he has no greater mission
he doesn't seem to he sounds like Joe
Kennedy not Jackie Kennedy just money
transaction no grander as you just said
no grander purpose for the United States
of America in the world and let's face
it such a shame because presidents can
is we know can do great things they can
say this is the next stage of good for a
majority of people in the country not
one party not a base not a bunch of
interest groups but the average where
you can figure that now there are
certain things to do and it doesn't fit
with this erratic agenda well he's up
against you now and I've never
you having any ideology Bob I've never
thought of you as a classic liberal in
any way or liberal anyway you're gonna t
call me a democratic operative not
exactly I've known you a long time and
I've never sensed that about you Bob
you're the reporter there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
