I think Trump has been a little bit the
presidents but a little skittish about
this he hasn't come out and put his arms
around this guy completely he always
offers this caveat I didn't like it
being held to the last minute I don't
like this was being played but we have
to be careful here there's something
somebody's in his ear in his instinct is
jungle instinct saying don't embrace
this guy right now it's risky you're
exactly right they kept judge Kavanagh
away from the President on Monday kept
him away from the president again on
Tuesday even though judge Kavanagh was
at the White House huddling with Dom
McGann the White House Counsel going
through what a source was telling us
what's murder boars are going through
prep for this Monday testimony then
other questions are going to be toast
with it who's with the accusers with dr.
Ford now I'm from what I've been hearing
she's out there alone she's worried
about herself physically she's worried
about being it attacked it verbally over
the phone at least perhaps physically
attack she's worried about her is there
somebody out there looking out for this
situation the police or somebody for her
based on the reporting she has she's
dealing with some security people right
now her lawyers talking to the press
there's a real question on Capitol Hill
I was at the Capitol all day whether she
shows up on Monday maybe it has to be
postponed for security reasons for
getting her there this whole process has
been very rushed for Duggan who are
going from Sunday in the Washington Post
it's only Tuesday how did you think if
she were to say I need a delay of five
days or a week I don't see how the
Republicans can deny her that if the
attorney comes on says I've had some
surgery this week Debbie Catz is her
attorney or she says I have to get ready
for this I don't know how they can deny
or chant they can't say Monday or bust
can they well the first artificial
deadline was Thursday and they prove
that that was artificial by pushing it
to Monday and the Democrats will be all
too happy to remind everyone that the
last nominee Merrick garland was held up
for 14 months so there's no legitimate
reason why you have to argue other than
if you're doing this for political
reasons to do it in time for the
election but I think what's happening
here up until a few minutes Chris I
actually thought that the best possible
outcome for Republicans would be if she
didn't show because you saw them
starting to seize on that but now you
see the reporting that she is going into
effectively into hiding this is someone
who's faced trauma from this this she's
has her therapist knows
lie-detector test I don't see how a
pause is gonna take anything away from
her credibility and I think the
Republicans will be forced into doing
that by their own by the women
Republicans Lisa Murkowski Susan Collins
if she look I think they're in a really
difficult situation here either she
testifies and we don't know by Monday
what's true and what's not and this is
hanging this cloud is hanging over him
or she doesn't testify and the cloud is
still hanging over him well under unable
to go after doctor for its credibility
directly Republicans have gone after
blaming Democrats of course for failing
to get the information about four down
earlier well let's take a look at that
it's frankly a terrible thing that this
information wasn't given to us a long
time ago months ago when they got it
they could have done that instead of
waiting until everything was finished
and then all of a sudden spring it but
that's what the Democrats do that's what
they do it's obstruction it's resistant
so whatever you have to do the situation
the Supreme Court is entirely of the
Democrats own making
Senate Democrats chose to play politics
and keep it secret throughout the
entirety of Judge Cavanaugh's regular
confirmation process
Mike Murphy it's as if they're throwing
a penalty flag on the field and of
course they can argue that that this was
held for some malicious reason till the
last minute but in the end doesn't the
objective reality of this woman's
accusations stand in the history books
it's there how the Republicans gonna
deal with it well I think you know
there's going to be the typical party
squabbling the Democrats would like to
delay this thing to 2025 the Republicans
would like to have done it yesterday she
needs to be heard and heard respectfully
that means a hearing that means under
oath it doesn't have to be televised if
she doesn't want to but is it what's
interesting about this one to me is
you've got judge Kavanagh who's not
saying well it was the high school and
etc he's flatly denying it and she's
making the accusation one of the two of
them is not telling the truth
so we have to find out and I think
there's a lot of people in the political
world who've already jumped to
conclusions based on which side they're
for and that doesn't really do much for
picking a good Supreme Court justice
people I know and trust not Donald Trump
who no judge Cavanaugh the
he is exemplary character she appears to
have people who believe in her but the
only way to do it swear him in I wish
mark judge would participate too I'd
like to hear what he has to say when
they're okay second guy yeah the country
will have to figure out who it believes
you know if this were a court case it
wouldn't work there's no collaborating
evidence but it's not it's the court of
public opinion so guess what you got to
raise your hand
swear yourself in and see who the
country believes well the discussion
surrounding next week's hearing is
reminiscent to some of Clarence Thomas's
1991 confirmation hearing for the
Supreme Court and need a hill who then
Kay accused Clarence Thomas of sexual
harassment faced harsh rhetoric for the
Senate Judiciary Committee at the time
let's watch back at that how could you
allow this kind of reprehensible conduct
to go on right in the headquarters
without doing something about it as a
practical matter if mr. Thomas was doing
all these things that the professor Hill
accuses him of he wouldn't have been
doing him just with her it would be a
weakness that would come out in
conversations and with activities with
other people this has come down to this
one woman's allegations that are 10
years old against your lifetime of
service over that same 10-year period
when an opinion piece the New York Times
today Anita Hill writes there is no way
to redo 1991 but there are ways to do
better she criticizes the committee's
decision to hold a hearing next Monday
running a week's preparation that's not
enough time for meaningful inquiry into
various serious charges Mike what do you
think stands now between now and fifty
days from now in this midterm election
it seems to me this could be the last
big story to go into the people's heads
before they vote yeah I think that's
true and this is one of these hyper
powders and things where everybody's
already lined up yeah
what the truth is unknown and therefore
not too important it ought to be more
important I think there will be a
hearing I hope she offers to show up
she'll be treated respectfully as much
as it happens in these Thunderdome
hearings we now do to pick Supreme Court
justices and the country have to decide
who it believes and would see if any
minds are changed if not we'll be dug in
it's already a tough year if the
Republicans for other reasons and in
some places if she is a credible witness
is willing to appear and makes a
credible argument that people believe
politically it could become more of a
problem but the Republicans still have
the votes
we're see if the testimony is enough to
actually change Republican votes in the
Senate that's the open question if not
having all the concern go ahead
congresswoman Chris I just wanted to say
that I think it really does a disservice
to the whole issue of sexual assault to
sort of frame this in partisan terms
obviously there's a very partisan
backlit backdrop to this I'm not denying
that but I really think that these
things that people have said about judge
Kavanagh things like you know he's a
very good man he's had a long history of
service this denies the reality that we
have seen which is that sexual assault
happens with good people sometimes
people who have done important things
for the country people that we like and
respect I've certainly been out on the
frontlines on this even with people that
I love
but the reality is sexual assault is
real this isn't about partisanship this
needs to have an actual investigation to
put dr. Ford in front of a committee and
do some of the things that even you know
I saw that Senator Collins was calling
for her lawyer to be able to question
him lawyer to be able to question her I
mean that's just outrageous
and I think that what this needs and I
have called for this is an independent
investigation whether that's the FBI or
whether that's an investigation I think
this needs to have the credit the
respect and the credibility of an
independent investigation that looks at
this and investigates all of these
different pieces that is certainly not
something that's going to happen quickly
and I think it's very unfair to say
people have already decided what is you
know what what is right and wrong
because I think that what people have
decided is sexual asylum myself here
sexual assault is real that we have seen
over and over again good men do very bad
things mostly men do very bad things and
I think that dr. Ford is in a very
difficult position right now but she's
doing something she thinks is right for
the country and I think Republicans
should just stop this process right now
have an independent investigation and
let it continue from there I think a lot
of Republicans wanted that to happen
back in the Clinton era it didn't get
their way Heidi
even if there is a hearing on Monday
this is not going to end because as you
see from the Democrats we are not going
to have any more answers on Monday than
we do today
other than her word against his word and
this is going to continue to be a cloud
that hangs over him so let's see how
this plays I think I think the president
who put up this nominee has got to
defend him now and he has to decide
himself this president Donald Trump has
to decide if he believes what dr-40 is
saying if he believes what she is saying
he should withdraw this nomination he
ought to act on himself and not pass it
off to the Senators of the public
opinion after Monday he's got to decide
whether she's telling the truth or not
and if he thinks she's telling a truth
he should pull this nomination it's as
simple as that
he's got to be the leader Trump on this
one he's got to decide if she's right or
not and act on that fact anyway and
that's a fact he better face any wave
Pramila from Millett rather John
or thank you so much for coming on the
program tonight Robert Kosta is always
Heidi pres Billa as always at Mike
Murphy welcome to the show sir it's good
to have you on hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
