here to dig in our to reporters NBC's
Peter Alexander at the White House
MSNBC's Marianne Atencio in the southern
part of Mexico near the border with
Guatemala following that migrate Caravan
also from Austin Texas our analyst Chris
Wilson Republican pollster who worked
for the the Ted Cruz campaigns also
worked for George W Bush Wendy Davis is
a Democratic former state senator from
Texas she was the party's gubernatorial
candidate four years ago Peter let me
start with you there at the White House
explain the strategy here well it's a
good question I guess I think Chris will
have a sense of what Republican
pollsters are seeing but the bottom line
is you know concerned about complacency
among his supporters the president right
now is trying to rile up his base
increasingly focusing on issues of
immigration and race as you noted
stoking fears and also delivering false
and unsubstantiated claims voters we
know are motivated when they are angry
or afraid not when their content
the president's trying to capitalize on
that take this warning that there are
unknown Middle Easterners as he
describes it in this caravan there is no
evidence to support that just moments
ago Vice President Mike Pence told The
Washington Post it's quote inconceivable
that there aren't any Middle Easterners
in the caravan but we have reached out
to the White House to present some of
that evidence they have not responded
our repeated requests the president's
allies say that he believes however
these images this these shots of the
caravan on TV help crystallize his
argument over immigration that it's
politically potent for Republicans and
damaging for Democrats here was the
president last night you know
how the caravan started does everybody
to put this base
I think the Democrats had something to
do with it and now they're saying I
think we made a big mistake because
people are seeing how bad it is how
pathetic it is how bad our laws are so
there are other examples beyond the
caravan of the president either
stretching the truth or just
misrepresenting the facts the president
in recent days has claimed there is
rioting in California over sanctuary
sittings cities
the White House hasn't provided any
evidence to support that the president
said he would put in place a tax cut for
middle-income Americans before November
that can't happen Congress isn't even in
session until after the midterms and
conversations I've had with people in
and around the White House say they
don't actually know where the
president's referring to here he argues
that Republicans will always protect
people with pre-existing conditions but
of course they campaigned on and
aggressively trying to repeal Obamacare
and in June the Justice Department back
to lawsuit arguing that Obamacare and
its provisions are unconstitutional
those are all for starters but Craig
that's where we stand at the moment in
the waning days we're getting a sense of
what the president's closing argument
looks like yes we are indeed Peter thank
you Chris let's let's start with the
migrant caravans here how do you defend
the president there there is as Peter
Alexander just pointed out there is not
one piece of evidence that Democrats
started the migrant caravans well I
think what the president's doing here is
he's talking more about just the
symbolism of it and the fact is as it is
an issue that people care about no yes
yeah I can't speak to the specifics of
what where he's getting information from
or what he may know that I don't know I
do know some of what he's saying came
out with political leadership in
Honduras I mean that's been well
documented there's but was a lot written
about it say we're marching through
there
having said that who started who's
funding it who's paying for it I don't
have any specific information there and
I'm not gonna second-guess what the
president saying or not saying I do
think it is a bat it's very bad optics
for the Democrats right now is there
marching towards it toward the border
and I don't think that's something I
would put I always but often put myself
in the place of a Democrat pollster
whenever I'm doing with these situations
why would I think of our on the other
side and I don't see anything positive
about this for them so if there was
something or there was some funny going
on behind it I got to think he's right
in that they look at it now I think you
know this probably is not the best to
image for us as we get close to Election
Day what do you know about these middle
class tax cuts
what do I know about the middle-class
status I know the middle-class people
want more tax cuts money in their pocket
are you talking to people who are saying
that there's some sort of legislative
item that we don't know about that might
lead the middle-class tax cuts you know
I do I'm in Texas Austin says you can
see behind me I always love being back
here and I do work as you know with
senator Cruz and I do know he has been
pushing for additional tax cuts making
the tax cuts permanent first since the
last set of tax cuts passed it so is
there legislation that exists I mean
look you know Washington as well as I do
there's always legislation that exists
to do something so there's more people
filing bills up there than almost there
and there are people around but it is is
there something to be pushed through is
there time to get it passed is there
something that could happen yeah
anything's possible I mean I think we've
proven that in the past we being
Republican Republicans and Democrats
come together and recognize that the
American people want a tax cut more
money in their pocket less money being
spent to the federal by the federal
government yes you can get something
done
Whitney The Washington Post has an
entire article devoted to your party
struggle to answer they write import
quote party leaders and Democratic
candidates have largely been silent
ahead of the midterm elections refusing
to engage with Trump where is the
Democratic response why not engage with
the president over some of these obvious
falsehoods you know I think Democrats
are on their message and they understand
what has their voters motivated right
now they know that voters are motivated
based on education on local property
taxes as we are enduring the highest
imaginable here in Texas and trying to
stay focused on turning out a group of
voters who want to see the Trump agenda
come to an end
that's what Democrats are continuing to
try to message to their voters going
into election day and looking at the
turnout here in Texas yesterday it looks
as though we are succeeding we had
record turnout in our urban areas here
in Texas Dallas County seeing over 300
percent increase from 2014 Dallas is a
blue county bear county Harris County
Travis County every one of these deeply
blue counties are counties that are
seeing extraordinary
turnouts on the first day of early
voting we expect to see that all the way
through to Election Day people are angry
about the Trump agenda they don't need
any other reason to continue to be angry
about it and they're showing up and
they're voting showing that anger and
they're going to continue to do it I
think I want to get down to to Mexico
now MSNBC's Mariana tensio Chris when
they stand by for me
Mariana Atencio is in Mexico she's along
this border and I know that you have
have spoken to some people there in that
migrant caravan first of all where are
you and and helpless fact-check the
president force if you can there some of
what he has been saying about who's
behind this caravan who's in this
caravan walk us through some of that
right right now we are in weeks now this
is a city in the southern tip of Mexico
the migrants got here after a grueling
eight hour walk yesterday today is the
day of rest we have started to see signs
of fatigue you can sense that here with
the Rodriguez family who tells me that
they really need a day to get medical
attention to get some food and that is
what is happening in the back over there
the local government here is actually
supporting these migrants welcoming them
and and again cheering them on on their
move north the let's fact check the
president for now after walking with
these people for more than two days
Craig I've gotten a good sense of who
they are I have not seen any folks from
the Middle East in this Caravan most of
the people are from Central America
namely Honduras why they decided to
march now folks like that Rodriguez
family will tell you that it is fleeing
poverty gang violence but also because
of that contested presidential election
in on dudas last November the government
of Juan Orlando at madness they say is
repressive and they fear going back in
terms of the criminal elements within
this Caravan I have not seen any
instances of criminality in my two days
with them none have been reported great
of course when you're talking about a
mass of 7,000 people you can't vouch
for everyone but also I have seen no
looting and it says a lot when you're
talking about 7,000 people many of whom
are starving walking into these small
towns but also in terms of the political
ramifications the relationship between
Mexico and the u.s. right now Mexico is
not stopping them on their journey north
in fact they are helping them the
President of Mexico saying he is asking
them to get refugee status many of the
migrants don't want to do that or don't
have the documents you do that when you
ask many of them where they ultimately
want to go many will tell you the United
States but others are not opposed to
staying in Mexico but the takeaway is
we're just at the very beginning of this
journey Craig it can take them weeks to
even reach the u.s. southern border
there's 2,500 miles between here and
Tijuana so a lot remains to be seen and
the signs of fatigue are definitely
there crime right
Mariana tensio there and in Mexico force
weeks la Mexico I want to remind folks
Wendy Chris I want to remind folks some
of what this president hasn't just said
about this migrant caravan but what he
has said about undocumented immigrants
in the past you should go into the
middle of the caravan take your cameras
and search
thank you John thank you camera go into
the middle ed sir you're gonna find ms
there Jean you're gonna find Middle
Eastern you're gonna find everything all
right so again we did that not what we
found Chris demonizing these people is
is that a message that has crossover
appeal to swing voters you know it's
look I think there is a difference in
terms of how the definition you're
richer saying is demonizing these people
is there is there concern about 7,000
people marching toward our country to
cross our border illegally yeah
absolutely
that's not what the president saying the
president saying that there was 13 gang
members in there that they're people
from the mucin there and when your uncle
respondents said with 7,000 people she
can't vouch for every one of them and
let's say again what I pointed out
earlier it's an important part of this I
mean the whole is saying that there's
something that they're they're leaving
because of the government president
Hernandez down in Honduras is that was a
fair election that was - that in which
people voted democratically I mean let's
be clear this is not to leave one
country and come to another without any
sort of process that they said they're
not refugees there is not Honduras or
not I mean yes there's gang activity
down there and it's unsafe but the
president Honduras
I'm sorry Hernandez is doing what he can
to try and fix that and just try and
leave the country come into ours because
it is a safer place or the more
economically feasible place I think it
says a lot about the United States right
now actually probably not what you're
saying right now the argument you're
making that's not the argument that the
president's making that's not what he's
saying at rallies that's not the red
meat that he's throwing the riled up his
base that's not what he's saying he's
saying that they're gang members
anything that they're Middle Easterners
in this Caravan and you and I both know
why he's doing it it's a dog whistle
it's loud it's clear it's plain and it's
a work time and time again and it seems
like it might be working now again your
own correspondent said that down to
7,000 people you can't vouch for every
person's in there and if you're if you
want to say on national TV that there is
absolutely no ms-13 members on there I
think that would be equally an unclear I
mean a it's just a we don't know who
these people are one by one and the fact
is for them to be able to enter the
United States I mean all of us came here
at some point and real the into the
United States there's a process that we
go through and I'll tell you this I did
at the beginning of this full election
cycle about 20 focus groups around the
state of Texas
sat down and talked to Hispanic voters
and I'll tell you if you want to talk
about a group that is upset and angry
about illegal immigration it is Hispanic
voters particularly those with a from
Mexican origin who came here legally and
went through the process to do it the
right way and those are the ones who are
going to be most upset about people
coming into this country and just
pouring over our border without going
through it the right way in the way that
they did Wendy really quickly before I
let you get out of here better O'Rourke
he's raised a ton of money there in
Texas he hasn't led in any major poll if
better--or comes up short two weeks from
now what does the Democratic but what do
you guys do with him what happens to
better or you know I think Beto O'Rourke
is a rising star in the Democratic Party
no matter what happens on Election Day I
do think he has a very good chance of
winning this election based on the
turnout that we're seeing but also based
on the fact that Beto has been appealing
to two groups extraordinarily well one
of those groups are base voters who
typically are not coming out in midterms
and who already are showing up in droves
the other are suburban women women who
are turned off by the Trump agenda and
who remember the family separations at
the border which i think is a message
point that he's trying to turn them on
right now through the fear-mongering
that you were talking about a moment ago
Craig but Beto is an extraordinary
candidate he I think really is poised to
define what the future of the Democratic
Party looks like he has done a fabulous
job of demonstrating what it looks like
to be true to progressive values while
bringing both parties together while not
putting partisanship above his
principles and people and this is a
message that I'm seeing people respond
to all over the state including as I
said a moment ago that very key segment
voter Republican suburban women Wendy
thank you Rick thank you as well sir -
appreciate your time and thanks to
Mariana Atencio there in Mexico
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
