these people are living in the dark ages
I think Brent Kavanagh and some of these
Republicans who are defending him
have three things going against them
Chris the first one is her credibility
the second one is his credibility and
the third one is the me2 movement her
credibility I mean this is not a woman
who was looking to come forward it's
clear she's been struggling with this
this is not a new issue from the notes
from her therapist going back to 2012
she has been struggling as women who
have been sexually assaulted it often do
and this has been very difficult it's
clear to me from the accounts that she
came forward out of some sense of duty
to the country initially hoping to be
anonymous and then realizing she had to
stand up for herself but given what she
is experiencing you see why people don't
want to come forward his credibility he
has at best misled the Judiciary
Committee on a number of issues at worst
perjured himself but the reality well I
said at best misled and at were specific
example around the the judges
nominations when he said back in I think
it was 2006 when he was testifying
before the Judiciary Committee that he
had had no contact and no involvement
with the nominations of a number of
judges including judge Pryor he was
questioned later by Leahy again about
this he said no the emails that were
finally released just a few days before
this all started and this hearing showed
very clearly that in fact he had had
contact with that nomination and with a
number of other nominations what's being
called memo gate is another example and
so whether or not you think he misled or
perjured the reality is he hasn't been
completely truthful and the fact that
mark judge does not want to come forward
and testify she didn't have to put
somebody else in the room at the time of
this event in fact it would have been
better for her in some instances to say
it was just me and Brett Kavanaugh but
that's not what she did she said there
was another person in the room
person does not want to testify and if
you look at his writings and his books
in some ways he is actually making her
case for her that this was a drunken
drunken stumble through the the teenage
years and he doesn't you know he's gone
back and forth saying I don't remember
it didn't happen so I don't think judge
Kavanaugh has a lot going for him with
the credibility and remember Chris only
38 to 40 percent depending on what polls
you look at of Americans actually think
that Judge Cavanaugh should be confirmed
and finally the third point we are in
the midst of the me2 movement and as you
said you would not know it by listening
to some of those comments from
Republican legend senators but the
reality is this country has seen over
and over again that women have been
assaulted that men deny those assaults
until they can't 72% of Americans
believe that sexual assault in this
country is real and a serious problem so
I think that this is a big problem for
the Republicans and I think that you
know women across the country are
watching this very closely to have these
senators and president Trump come out
and essentially deem her guilty before
she's even you know had a chance to have
a fair investigation when we are talking
about the highest court of the land I
think that's going to be unacceptable to
Republican and Democratic women across
this country and I think Republicans
better be very very careful and think
about what century they're living in hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
