we recently learned that Michael Cohen
is the latest former Trump ally who has
spoken with the special counsels team
Anna Jane Fox reported in Vanity Fair on
Friday that Cohen is bristled at the
feeling that he's taken the fall for a
man who's refused to take any
responsibility or face any consequence
himself in conversations with Miller's
team he's making good on what he told
ABC earlier this summer that his loyalty
to Trump is no longer his lodestar Donny
we haven't seen you since Emily Jane Fox
reported on Friday that Michael Cohen
was now likely talking to Robert Muller
what do you know yeah well I know two
things that emotionally thing shifted
for Trump right after I mean for Michael
after Helsinki and he and that won't be
on himself was like this guy can't be in
his vision I got to do everything
possible not only to help myself but to
save the country why I believe I'm from
from trunk why I believe and I don't
know this is this my speculation why
he's very deep in motherland right now
about a week and a half ago his entire
dynamic with me changed we used to speak
every day Michael in very in-depth
fashion and suddenly in the last week or
so in a very respectful way he's kind of
the the texas conversations have gotten
a bit more distant which tells me that
muller has said to look we're at the
grown-ups table now and I don't care
you're best friends you're this you're
talking to nobody
and so I see a very different tenor in
the way Michael is communicating with me
in the last week or so which tells me
and once again this is just my
prognostication that he is very very
involved with more because I know he was
very anxious to work and help with
Muller there's some speculation that he
may be helping in all the federal
investigations the one at the Southern
District of New York the grand juries
that are convened in Washington DC any
any sense that he's traveled or he's
been out of town I remember you said to
be one week well I had a weird week
coming up and that's what he said to me
I don't know what that meant but I can
promise you in any way that Michael can
help he will be helping for two reasons
to protect his family and he does feel a
sense of country at this point not only
does he feel pretty betrayed he feels
he's but the Trump has betrayed all of
us so you don't think it's just to get
leniency for himself you think he's
actually trying to save the country
I think there's both clearly he's trying
to help himself anybody would in that
instance but I also think there's a
moral imperative behind that he's not
just a guy trying to cut a deal he
realizes he's in a unique position
they're kind of save us from that from
this lunatic in there hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out
you can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
