it's Louisiana Republican Senator John
Kennedy senator Kennedy welcome back to
the show sir thanks Chuck
and I said I we think because I think we
don't know if this hearing
I know it's scheduled but do you have an
update of what you know about whether
dr. Ford is going to participate in this
hearing yet as of 12:15 when a number of
the Republican members of the committee
met with staff with our staff we had
they had tried repeatedly to reach
Professor Ford's attorney I think miss
Katz and hadn't been able to get through
hadn't heard back from her
we met not we I mean the Republican
members of the committee met yesterday
decided we wanted to have a hearing a
public hearing we offer we offered
thirsty or Monday to our Democratic
colleagues I don't know who made the
decision but it was decided to do it on
Monday today we got an update and the
only change that I know of is that we
agreed to tell the press before that if
she would rather do it in a private
hearing she can do it in a private
hearing it's her choice public or
private any reason why they scheduled
the hearing before finding out if she
was available well you've got to start
somewhere and the normal way that the
Senate committees work at least has been
my experience is they set a date and
they say okay here's the date and we
expect everybody to be here that's why
in part not totally the reason but in
part why we gave professor for two
different days is there a deadline in
your mind for her to agree or do you
feel as if this should be scheduled and
till you gave all the hearing and if
she's not there then the hearing doesn't
happen or when do you reassess whether
this hearing should take place well I
want to see what happens Monday
I hope professor Ford comes
judge Cavanaugh will be there he's don't
need that
personally I mean the process as you
know is pretty much over but the
confirmation hearing is over
the confidential session that the
Senators have with the nominee is over
the FBI background investigations over
the time period to submit written
questions is over Press report has made
these allegations they should be taken
seriously I hope she elects to come
Monday and frankly I hope she elects to
do it in the public hearing I think it's
important for the American people to
hear both judge Cavanaugh and Professor
Ford but I don't know whether she's
going to come or not you know it's been
interesting about this whether this
should be public or private the judge
Kavanagh did practice sessions he's
basically done this before in some ways
very prepared for a public setting you
know in the workplace when somebody
makes an accusation like dr. Ford did
you wouldn't put her in front of a whole
board of directors of a company and say
okay you're on firing line here it's a
tough thing to ask somebody to do to go
public like this you really think it
should be public and not private I would
prefer that it be public because I think
it's important for the American people
to see to see both people and judge for
themselves but if if professor Ford says
look I'm not comfortable in a public
setting I want to do it privately I'll
agree to that
my preference though was to do it
publicly so that the American people can
judge for themselves what questions do
you have for doctor for the professor I
don't have any questions yet I want to
hear her side of the story I mean you've
got to start somewhere
most of the news that I'm the United
States Senator I was elected by my
people do advise and consent and all the
information I have so far is coming out
of the I don't know the New Yorker and
The Washington Post and they're both
fine periodicals but I'm I kind of like
to hear it from from dr. Ford here what
she hear her story and I want to hear
the response of Judge Cavanaugh every
senator I understand if the proceeding
is as killed as it normally is is
entitled to ask questions I don't have a
list of questions prepare like I had for
judge Cavanaugh I'm not interested in
cross-examination or cultural or
political combat I'm interested in
letting dr. Ford have her say I want to
hear what she has to say I'm sure this
is not easy to articulate so I'm giving
you an out already but how do you judge
when someone you decide someone is
telling the truth or not and I you know
obviously you have to make an assessment
you're gonna listen to her story you've
read the Washington Post obviously you
want to hear it straight from her not
just through the Washington Post what
goes through your head when you decide
someone's telling the truth
well I've never been on a jury I've
always wanted to serve on a jury but a
lot of I'm an attorney a lot of times
the other attorneys will strike an
attorney from a jury pool I just want to
hear how since I just want to hear what
the facts are how much she remembers is
she sincere I don't know it's it's hard
to describe so it's it's sort of like
people watching this interview you know
some people are gonna say well Kennedy's
fallible or some people will say well he
made a good point or a bad point I think
there's any rational process is just
sort of a human you let me ask you this
the allegation obviously is troubling
enough to you that you think you need to
hear more from her if their story's
credible to you does that have an impact
on your vote well of course it does but
we're not we're not there yet I mean I
don't have enough
been asked all day and I understand why
to speculate well what if this happens
and what if it says this and what if he
says that and I honestly don't know I
just know what I've read in the media
I'm not saying I don't trust the media
but I've got to catch the boat here and
I what appears to be a fine person has
made a I don't know world she's a
professor an important University has
made a very serious allegation against
the nominee that I was very impressed
with and I want to hear from both of
them and give them both the opportunity
I'd rather do it in public because I
think the American people need to hear
but if professor Ford wants to do it
privately yeah I couldn't understand why
she might I'll do it privately I'll do
it whenever within reason whenever she
wants to do it but everybody has to
understand this is not the start of this
process it's at the very end an hour
they're gonna be are there gonna be
other witnesses I saw that there was
some thought of other witnesses perhaps
mr. judge who she said was an eyewitness
I know he put out a letter but do you
want other witnesses at this hearing you
know I want to hear from the the I'm
told we're not supposed to use these
terms but the accused and the accuser I
think I'm being fair to both of them I
want to start with them I don't have
enough information to decide whether we
need to have other witnesses I don't
even
I just know second hand of what the
allegations are I need to hear the
allegations from the person making them
have you asked Brett Kavanaugh her
directly since she's reached out to you
whether any of this is true yes I have
and he and what was his answer to you I
very firm no absolutely not he is he's
committed
I mean he's worried he wants to come
testify I think he would do it this
afternoon if if we could give his
schedule he he didn't he didn't hedge
not not a bit okay all right
Center Kenny I'm gonna leave it there
okay me a long long week I'm guessing
before we get to Monday so I appreciate
you coming down and sharing your views
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there click on any of the videos to
watch the latest interviews and
highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC you
get more beat two press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
