Brett Kavanaugh back at the white house
you know you were at a white house when
a confirmation is Supreme Court pick got
sort of blew up and in the face of the
president at the time a different
situation talk about what you think is
happening behind closed doors right now
as it relates to Brett Kavanaugh well
certainly and this is an environment
that Brett Kavanaugh would understand
and knows very well obviously being in
the White House knowing when it's all
hands on deck and people come together
and really work through some difficult
times and this is certainly a challenge
I would imagine you know Brett of course
he has said very publicly he knows what
he wants to say and he believes and he's
hoping that people will believe I
believe him so and I'm sure he is
reinforcing that at the White House
because he needs to have all of the
support of the administration of course
behind him and I think they're saying
all the right things as well that they
want judge Kavanagh to be heard once
again we've already heard his expansive
knowledge of history and constitution
and and the law we can't dispute that
but now it's his character that is on
the line and he needs to be heard but so
does the accuser and they agree with
that there's a lot of comparisons to to
the sort of Anita Hill moment right
senator orrin hatch sort of then and now
we put together a we'll play it later in
the show sort of a back and forth of
that you have heard now out with this
new op-ed in The New York Times in which
she says let's learn from the lessons of
1991 let's not repeat what happened then
one of the things in Eden Hill talks
about is refer to Christine Blasi fort
by name and not just as the accuser so I
want to ask you when you look at sort of
where we are now one of the big things
that has changed has been of course been
this meet to moment sure and this meet
to movement and that relays into this
sure absolutely a dozen and throughout
our history when there are periods of
big social change it really informs the
way we move forward as a country 1991
was that and record it is a legacy that
has lived on on how anita hill may have
been treated how the Senators treated it
it is a very very different time and I
agree with one thing that senator Jones
said as well I hope that senators on
that committee will cede some time to
people like Amy Klobuchar well if I
don't
we've gotta do this and it's respectful
man thank you for checking out our
YouTube channel why don't you subscribe
it's really easy just click on that
button down there and for more news from
MSNBC click on any of these videos here
for the latest interviews and highlights
you can get more videos from MSNBC with
our newsletters head over to msnbc.com
slash newsletters to sign up
