listen I watched her Today Show
interaction there was Savannah and Hoda
and you described this as four sticks of
dynamite wrapped in radioactive material
for both Democrats and Republicans
explain them look I think that as we
know the culture wars in this country
have become I would just say more and
more toxic every time we seem to have a
new clash whether on race whether on
gender whether on religion and when you
think about the moment we're in with me
too when you think about the atmosphere
President Trump has both created and
sometimes participates in you can see
how galvanizing the hearing would be on
Monday and that's why I think both I
think it I think certainly the
Republicans have more to fear here than
the Democrats but the Democrats also
shouldn't assume that this automatically
plays their way that a that a divisive
gender based culture war will somehow
help them in these midterms
look it could unite the Trump base the
Trump base has not been very animated
about this midterms the point is there's
a lot of ways this could play out I
think there's a lot more risk on the
Republican side given that not a single
woman is on the Judiciary Committee how
they go about this I think absolutely by
the Republican side could absolutely
blow up in their face - that's why I'm
using the dynamite analogy here because
I just think it's it's that fraught with
peril
potentially for both parties but I do
think it's the Republicans that are more
at risk here
flash-forward a few days Chuck do you
think we get to Monday and we get to a
hearing with judge Brent Cavanaugh and
dr. Blasi Ford look I would I would say
this I think you got a look at judge
Kavanagh every day as a day to day
proposition here he made it through
yesterday I I thought it was pretty
interesting yesterday the White House
was giving distance was creating some
distance throughout the day to sort of
see how things were playing out and in
all ready to me it's clear that that the
White House has drawn a line here they
will defend him as much as he defends
himself right they're not going to do
more than that I I think you have to
look at this as a day-to-day proposition
I
any more information comes out that
paints a different picture than then
either dr. Ford or judge Cavanaugh is
painted about the incident or about that
time that to me tells me this hearing
won't happen I did get that point
there's a blinking there's a blink at
some point but I'll tell you this judge
Cavanaugh made a very specific denial
about never being at any party or any
event right where this could happen the
problem with that denial is that dr.
Ford didn't make a specific allegation
of a specific event she admitted that
some of the she couldn't remember which
house where this where this was so why
does he have a very specific ability to
deny so that the point is it seemed to
raise more questions perhaps this very
specific denial so the point is this
there's a lot of people that could come
out and have different remembrances here
and that's why I think every day you
should judge this nomination on a day to
day basis thank you for checking out our
YouTube channel why don't you subscribe
it's really easy just click on that
button down there and for more news from
MSNBC click on any of these videos here
for the latest interviews and highlights
you can get more videos from MSNBC with
our newsletters head over to msnbc.com
slash newsletters to sign up
