take a look at this video in a final
lashing Monday Florence triggered
tornadoes all the way up to Virginia
hurricane Florence is the latest example
of how warming ocean waters caused by
climate change are endangering Americans
from coast to coast as the New York
Times points out this connection has not
been acknowledged by President Trump as
he reverses President Obama steps to
reduce emissions from greenhouse gases I
talked to former Vice President Al Gore
about all this as the Carolinas continue
to deal with historic floods
mr. vice president we're in the midst of
hurricane the aftermath of hurricanes
all of the storms storm surge based on
rising sea levels these storms are
stronger than what we've experienced in
the past what do you say that the
climate change deniers Madam President
the United States well I think at this
point it matters less what I would say
to them or even more importantly what
the scientists would say to them then
what Mother Nature is saying to them not
only do we have this massive storm
hitting the US but simultaneously the
Philippines is being slammed by another
super typhoon monkhood Hawaii's being
hit by tropical storm Olivia we just
finished the largest fire in the history
of California a month ago every night on
the television news is like a nature
hike through the book of Revelation
presidential leadership in moments of
crisis is very very important as you
know better than anyone having been in
the White House what does it say to
America when in the aftermath of a storm
a year ago in Puerto Rico and in the
United States the president United
States denies a scientific death count
from his own administration and says
that there were not 3,000 people nearly
3,000 people yeah well thank you for
asking the question honestly for me when
a new outrage comes along every few
hours I have to download some existing
outrage to make room for the new outrage
and this is one that stands out just as
he criticized his own Justice Department
for proceeding to prosecute corruption
at the risk of losing some Republican
seats in Congress these are not normal
actions or statements by a president we
all know that but I have the sense
Andrea that there are a large number of
Americans who don't want to get into the
arguments about Donald Trump but they
are quietly very determined to go to the
polls this November because if there was
ever a time to activate the checks and
balances our founders put into the
Constitution now is that time we in the
media political figures people in the
Democratic Party discounted the anxiety
of a lot of Americans in so-called red
states people who were against NAFTA
against trade agreements how do you
counteract that how do you know that
won't happen again in 2018 and 2020 well
of course it could you're quite right
that the stagnation of middle income
wages for more than forty years has been
largely responsible for this wave of
populist authoritarianism that is now
present not only in the United States
but in quite a few other countries
around the world
I remember the Democratic Party and I
will say both parties have to respond
much more effectively to the deep
concerns and anxieties that Americans
have been expressing and they have not
gotten the kind of response that's
needed you spoke of norms being changed
and when we have the president
criticizing the Justice Department for
not being partisan enough how do you how
do you counteract that well the rule of
law is the bedrock of the United States
of America and going back to the Magna
Carta how long before our Revolution and
our founding we cannot allow that to be
challenged or overturned and this
experiment with trumpism is not going
well in the view of most people and you
know in science and medicine some
experiments are terminated early for
ethical reasons but to answer your
question I think that there is more
resilience in the American system than
we often give it credit for we we have
gone through worse times we have bounced
back before we have seen for example in
the wake of Watergate the
reestablishment of norms of ethics and
behavior that restored our equilibrium
as a country and in the wake of Donald
Trump whenever that comes I I think we
have an excellent chance to see the
reestablishment of what the real spirit
of America ought to be I know there's
polarization and disagreement in the
country but I also think that there is a
growing number among a Donald Trump's
base of support who are really quite
worried now beginning to get worried and
they also think maybe checks and
balances are what we need right now so
these elections this November may turn
out to be the beginning of a course
correction what I ask you about a white
house under under siege by an outside
investigation you saw what that was like
for a President of the United States if
you have any sympathy for the argument
that a president should not have to
submit to an investigation while he or
she is still trying to run the country
none whatsoever I understand the point
but no person is above the law full-stop
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
