so Steve you have good knowledge of what
it's like to be at this point two weeks
going into a campaign how worried or
should Democrats be worried about these
early voting numbers that's so heavily
favored the Republicans look yes they
should be concerned the early voting
appears to be favoring Republicans
although right now we don't have any
empirical evidence as to whether those
Republicans are voting for somebody at
the top of the ballot and then voting
for Democratic candidates down ballot
for 1820 two-point advantage it's a
matter of concern but look let's let's
put this in perspective right now there
are 65 districts on the House
battlefield the Democrats need 23 seats
there are 65 Republicans are defending
60 of those 65 Democrats are defending
five of those 65 so the energy continues
and the momentum continues to be with
Democrats these races always tighten up
at the end this is what keeps a chairman
of the Democratic Congressional Campaign
Committee up at night every gray hair on
this head is meru in the last two weeks
of to meet of the midterm election of
2014 this is when races get really close
you have Black Swan events district that
you didn't think you have to worry about
and now you have this caravan of fear
okay so maybe in this totally
unpredictable political world that's
part of the predictability that races do
tend to tighten at the end Susan so let
me ask you about all these lies that the
president keeps telling and Jeb did a
good job of laying them out you know tax
cuts are coming there are dangerous
Middle Easterners who are in the middle
m13 in the middle of this caravan
rioting in sanctuary cities that no one
has seen no one knows anything about so
we asked Sarah Sanders about it listen
to what she said why is he saying things
that aren't true so often lately I don't
think he is I think the president is
laying out a clear case of the
difference between Republicans and
Democrats we've seen him do that a lot
over the last couple days and I think
we'll see him do that over the next 15
days is this just Republicans
acquiescing and saying you know what I'm
with him no matter what just something
safe but I like to say that I believe
that this isn't President Trump is not
saying giving forward these lies because
he cares about the candidates
he's out there campaigning for he is
doing this looking ahead to 2020 when he
says I'm going to put to get out in
middle class income tax he's not doing
that to rouse support for this election
he's looking forward saying oh I bet the
Democrats taking back now listen and I
will blame the house when it doesn't
happen which is good for him as an
election year campaign issue are you
saying that you think that the President
of the United States wants the
Republicans to lose the house no I think
he's resigned to himself to the fact
like many Republicans frankly that the
house is probably going to flip because
of the numbers that Steve gave it's it's
kind of obvious there plus and those
numbers you have a lot of Republicans
that have a lot there's a lot of
Republican open seats so you don't have
the power of incumbency in those
congressional districts so I think he's
looked at it and the way he's
campaigning is I know I've lost the
house I'll do everything I can to
increase perhaps the margins in in the
Senate and he's also focused on the one
thing that matters most to him himself
all right that's looking at 2020 so
Shannon let me read you part of a
Washington Post article that talks about
one of these examples we've been talking
about the caravan quote Barry Bennett
former Trump campaign adviser described
the caravan as a political gift quote I
wish they were carrying heroin I wish we
had thought of it it speaks to the
dearth of our creativity
unfortunately Bennett said there are
7,000 people marching toward the US
border one party wants to let them in
the other party wants to keep them out
that's the message essentially but those
last sentences are the president's
message to folks you've got to be afraid
of the Democrats because we want to keep
them out they want to let them in is it
working so well I mean we'll see in two
weeks but the there is a clear shift in
strategy from the White House and from
Republicans to shift to this fear and
American carnage portrait of what will
happen if the Democrats win this is your
tried and true Stoke up the fear at the
end of the midterm elections and when I
was talking to people a month ago two
months ago it
didn't necessarily seem like the
messaging was going to go this way but I
think it's almost a messaging of last
resort because they and they wanted to
emphasize the economy and tax cuts and
Intel about a month ago Republican
apathy was just incredibly low there was
just very little interest from the
Republican base in these midterms the
president wasn't on the ballot and
people just really didn't have interest
in their local races then you had
Kavanagh calm and in the White House
they felt a flip immediately in her
public and energy and and that sort of
momentum but you can't keep that going
in this type of news cycle for the next
month so it was the question what was
the next thing going to be and while
this message of fear in immigration has
been one that the president has drawn on
you know for his entire political career
almost it was that moment that he really
ignited his base when he started coming
out against Mexican immigrants and
Muslims with the Muslim ban and he's
going back to it again in these final
two we have to get doom and gloom yes
sure Kratts when these pictures a gift
that little kid who's sipping his cup
looks dangerous to me
Steve so you've got on the flip side
Democrats focused on health care six
eight months ago I was talking to folks
about the research the internal research
the Democrats said they had never seen a
single issue that kept popping as a
major motivator for voters the way this
has but again in this cycle sticking to
that not calling out the President on
the lies not calling out the President
on the riots and and the dangers people
in the caravan or even the tax cuts is
it a mistake look I'm a good message is
a message that resonates locally the
Democrats them the nature of a midterm
election is you've got 65 separate
campaigns and a message on health care
that may work in Brooklyn New York may
or may not work in Brooklyn Iowa so
you've got to have message the
pre-existing conditions works every well
it's pulling it's pulling effectively
across the board but let me make a point
on this very important caravan of fear
look there's a precedent to this fear
tactic that this administration is using
you know why the Republicans did so well
in a midterm election in 2014 Ebola
because for the two weeks before that
election all anybody was talking about
was the likelihood
that Ebola was coming to a hospital near
you now they can't deal with Ebola now
and so the this caravan of fear is the
new Ebola Republicans message to voters
emotions they message to that part of
the brain that triggers emotion and fear
let david brooks because he writes in
the New York Times this the Democratic
campaign is inadequate to the current
moment it offers no counter narrative to
Trump little moral case against his
behavior no unifying
that a lot over the last couple of days
and we'll see it over the next fifteen
days I mean no sorry no argument against
ethnic nationalism in politics you can't
beat something with nothing you can beat
something with something that counts in
a specific district I talked to my
former colleagues in places like
southern Illinois in competitive
districts and they say you know why do a
town meeting when I do a supermarket
standing at a supermarket people are not
talking about Donald Trump they're
talking about soy they're talking about
what's happening on their farms they're
talking about health care they're
talking about the cost of education they
don't want me to talk about Donald Trump
they want me talking about them those
are the districts where you have to
focus on constituents issues not Donald
Roy and let's not forget the Ebola issue
was not as divisive that was actually a
health care fear that wasn't necessarily
a divisive racist issue frankly that the
president has jumped on and the
Democrats this cycle I think versus 2016
or 2014 in the midterms have put up
better individual candidates for their
districts they've learned a lot from the
special elections through 2017 the
Republicans who are in trouble
need to walk away from the walk the line
of supporting some of the president's
initiatives like the tax cuts because
they are popular with the base within
their districts and yet not seeming to
be this hate monger that the president
represents to suburban middle-class
women you know one of the things that we
see time and time and time again we all
wish we had the concession or the
megawhatts make America great again so I
want to ask you Shannon before we go
about this nationalist issue because
again the president brought it up last
night take a listen
my globalists is a person that wants the
globe to do well frankly not caring
about our country so much you know what
I am I'm a nationalist okay and they
cheer for that I mean he is sticking to
the stuff that got him to the dance in
the first place right yeah and you know
it's interesting I had heard in a past
in the past few rallies sort of bringing
up this globalist globalist message I
mean he does a lot of testing messaging
at these rallies and sort of tweaking
and perfecting it so I think that this
was sort of a conscious move towards
embracing this nationalist identity I
mean put aside that you know our nation
is on a globe that interacts with other
nations I don't even know what the real
understanding of people in that audience
is of nationalists but yes it is about
the base I mean the cliche thing it's
all about turnout it's out turning out
Trump space and Democrats have to turn
out young people Hispanics and women
Trump needs to turn out his base he
needs to in food get them enthusiastic
and get them to vote for a local
candidate they might not be enthusiastic
about because he is got to put his name
on the ballot in a way in order to get
turnout
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
