the trunk was asked about all this
yesterday here's what he had to say
publicly at the White House
I wish the Democrats could have done
this a lot sooner because they had this
information for many months and they
shouldn't have waited till literally the
last days they should have done it a lot
sooner but with all of that being said
we want to go through the process one
thing I will say is that as I understand
it Judge Cavanaugh spent quite a bit of
time with senator Feinstein and it
wasn't even brought up at that meeting
and she had this information so you
would have thought certainly that she
would have brought it up at the meeting
now wait till everything's finished and
then have to start a process all over
again but with all of it being said we
want to go through a full process I have
great confidence in the US Senate and in
their procedures and what they're doing
and I think that's probably what they're
going to do they'll go through a process
and hear everybody out I think it's
important I believe they think it's
important
I want him to go in at the absolute
highest level and I think to do that you
have to go through this if it takes a
little delay it'll take a little delay
it shouldn't certainly be very much
next question what a ridiculous question
oh I think he's on track yeah I mean I
think he's very much on track if they
delayed a little bit just to make sure
everybody's happy they want to be happy
I can tell you the Republican senators
want to be a hundred percent happy
themselves Wow Wow that was that made
sense well yeah a little little
restraint there Willie I mean his staff
told him to be show a little bit of
restraint and he listened to him for
some reason on the sliding scale of
Trump being measured
he's pretty measured for Donald Trump
there's a process if we have to delay
the process I'm okay with that but what
we're hearing despite that vocal support
to trump confidence underscoring to the
Washington Post the president's history
of self-centered calculations in the
middle of political tumult quote he's
going to do what's best for Trump said
one of them the president thinks it's
rough for Cavanaugh and he decry the
process as disgusting if he withdraws
but he would nominate a carbon copy of
Cavanaugh in a second if he goes down so
I guess Joe the argument from some
conservatives at this point is if we
have to cast aside bread Cavanaugh will
push somebody in just as conservative if
not more conservative who doesn't have
this problem that he's looking at now
well that's what Donald Trump's thinking
he doesn't care about Brett Kavanaugh
in fact Brett Kavanaugh is a surprise
choice because he's been a member of the
Washington establishment for decades he
is the bush Washington establishment but
he just so happened to write a law
review article in 2009 that said the
president the United States can't be
indicted should not be indicted so he he
wanted him for that reason but I really
I just I you saw him
it doesn't seem like he's taking this
too personally he knows that he'll just
get somebody else on the original
Federalist Society list yeah I mean
we've we've seen before mica when he's
adamant about something when he
want something he will insult the
opponent he will go out to bat for this
guy and he didn't really do that
yesterday in the way he's done in the
past which lends some credence to that
Washington Post reporting that he may be
willing if this gets too hot to push
Kavanaugh to the side very interesting
reaction and so much more to cover in an
unprecedented move president Trump is
using the power of his office to order
the Director of National Intelligence
and the Justice Department to
immediately declassify materials in the
ongoing investigation into Russian
interference in the 2016 election the
move relates to about twenty pages of a
secret court order to monitor campaign
foreign policy adviser Carter page and
demands the release of related
interviews with Justice Department
official Bruce or an expert on Russian
organized crime who had conversations
with the author of the dossier alleging
connections between the Kremlin and
Trump associates President Trump also
ordered the release of unredacted text
messages of former DOJ and FBI officials
whom he regularly criticizes on Twitter
James Comey Andrew McCabe Peter struck
Lisa page as well as or the White House
said the order was made at the request
of a number of committees of Congress
and for reasons of transparency the
Justice Department said has begun the
declassification review process to
ensure the safety of national security
interests but a US official with direct
knowledge told NBC News that the
agencies would not be able to conduct a
damage assessment on the text messages
because there are too many of them Joe
Matt let me bring in right now Matt mail
Matt you have first of all of course the
FBI not wanting this release the Justice
Department hasn't wanted it released the
Director of National Intelligence didn't
want it released
you've got sources and methods that are
highly likely to be exposed which the
president was warned about the commander
in chief was warned about
and you have one of the more highly
classified programs in the United States
of America the the FISA courts that now
we're going to allow our enemies to see
exactly how we do do things as it
pertains to the FISA Court most FISA
judges won't even let you know that
they're a FISA judge it's been that
secret for that long
obviously all these security concerns
mean absolutely nothing to Donald J
Trump you know Jo it is hard to
overstate what an abuse of power this is
by the president
he really is taking the powers of his
office the powers of the presidency and
using them to advance his personal
interest which he defines as continuing
this war against the intelligence
community this war against the FBI
rather than protect the national
interest and you know that statement you
saw from the Justice Department about
how they're gonna go through the
declassification review now they already
did that with respect to the Carter page
FISA application the it was released in
January after he ordered Declassified
and they went through a review and
protect held back the information they
thought was most secretive and they
really needed to keep classified to
protect sources and methods the
president has now ordered that material
completely released and if you look
through the the application the pages
he's ordered their entire pages that are
blanked out they're clear references to
sources they're references to actions
inside Russia and he just doesn't care
at all about jeopardizing anything
related to that ongoing investigation
and I will say on top of that to release
the FBI interviews with Bruce or in the
middle of an investigation is
unprecedented I cannot remember a single
time when the Justice Department in the
middle of an investigation has released
those kind of interviews it is it those
interview summaries it is just an
absolute breach with practice for no
purpose but then to try to discredit the
investigation into the president his
campaign Matt talked about the politics
of this aside what does this mean in
practical terms for the intelligence
agencies because I'm thinking if I'm in
the FBI and I know that all of this
material is about to be released this
must have some downstream impact on my
ability to recruit informants say who I
need to do some other case at some later
date because they're gonna be worried
well hey look if this is the president
has just been
set my information could come out to at
a later date yeah that's absolutely
right I mean if you look at that the the
five sap location one of the biggest
things is Chris Steele obviously it
relates to a lot of the the application
relates to the interviews the FBI did
with Chris Steele the information that
he supplied the other crystals around
the country or around the world they're
gonna look at this and say why would I
come cooperate with with American law
enforcement with American intelligence
services they always tell me they will
protect me that's what what our law
enforcement agents do it's our
intelligence agents do they say we will
protect you we will protect your
confidentiality we will never let this
information become public and now you
see not just leaking out it's one thing
when this kind of information leaks out
that is enough of a problem when it
happens the President of the United
States ordering it publicly released
just to attack the Intelligence
Committee because he sees it helped his
personal interest will have such a
downstream effect and I'll say it's also
true with with respect to the other part
of this he's releasing the text messages
of four former FBI officials a current
DOJ official think about what that does
to the morale of people inside the
Justice Department to see fit of career
officials retaliated against just
because they did their job that if it
were not for a judge Kavanaugh situation
this would obviously be the lead story
on every network news program and in
every newspaper in America we will look
at these if they are indeed released
these unredacted text messages and other
elements that will be released according
to the president we will read them here
in the United States with a different
kind of AI than people in Moscow and
Tehran and Tel Aviv and in Pakistan and
Afghanistan we'll read them talk about
the danger of trained foreign eyes
looking at what is about to be released
you know you make a great point Mike
there are only two entities who benefit
from the release of this information the
president's legal defense team and
foreign intelligence services especially
the Russian intelligence service if you
look at the the the Carter page fights
the application there are references all
throughout it most of them redacted but
you can you can see what you can see by
the words are at it with the underlined
information is to actions and activities
inside Russia
if those blacked-out sections are now
made public the American public is not
just gonna know but the Russian
intelligence service is going to know
exactly what our intelligence services
took to the most secretive court in the
land with relation to ongoing activities
and operations in Russia a foreign
intelligence services will be able to
find out not just the specifics and the
Russians will care about very much about
the specifics but other intelligence
services will be able to see how we work
how our most secretive operations are
put together how we how we work sources
the methods that intelligence services
use and they will be able to incorporate
that into trying to you know kind of
sniff out and and detect and and prevent
American intelligence operations in the
future thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
