let's get to those then Republicans
called for Supreme Court nominee Brett
Kavanaugh and Christine Blasi Ford the
woman accusing him of sexual assault
almost three decades ago to testify
publicly next week at a hearing that
could potentially determine the fate of
his nomination Senate Judiciary
Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley
announced the hearing will be held on
Monday after fellow Republicans called
for an open examination of the
allegations from Ford Grassley said his
staff spoke by phone with Cavanaugh
yesterday and tried reaching out to Ford
but Democrats refused to participate in
the process GOP leaders had initially
signaled their preference for telephone
interviews with Cavanaugh and Ford but
Senate Democrats rejected that plan
saying the seriousness of the charges
merited a full FBI investigation
Republican Susan Collins a key swing
vote in the Senate pushed for both to
testify under oath telling reporters
that truthfulness of Cavanaugh's
testimony could put his nomination in
jeopardy if judge Cavanaugh has lied
about what happened that would be
disqualified that's why it's so
important that we have testimony under
oath with a lot of questions as to both
of them of course that's that's a
problem did he is he going to be lying
under oath
what happened 30 to 33 years ago his
Benjamin witness said it's practically
impossible to determine the outcome of
those events so much of this Willie will
depend on who testifies more effectively
I mean you can say who has a more
truthful story but chances are good the
two were going to be saying things polar
opposite but all that said I'll tell you
yesterday it was disheartening to see
some Republican senators come out saying
I believe Judge Cavanaugh no matter what
before they hear anything like oh I
should turn on cable news or you look at
Twitter and their people on the other
side basically accusing a guy of rape
in an incident that happened over three
decades ago they have no no more clue of
that than they they do how the universe
began unless they were there in the room
both sides jumping the early conclusions
I know they're gonna do it anyway but
you could they at least pretend they're
interested in hearing what the two sides
have to say in the hearing first well I
thought chuck Grassley the Republican
chair of the Judiciary Committee did a
good job pumping the brakes and saying
we're gonna hear out dr. Ford she's
gonna have a chance to tell her story at
a public hearing and then we will hear
from Judge Cavanaugh who's earned the
right to respond to that they both
should be heard and they will be on
Monday caddy K I guess to Joe's point
the problem that's the good news the bad
news is everybody's made up their minds
already the people in the party the
Republican Party who want judge Kavanagh
to be on the Supreme Court already
believed that he didn't do what he is
accused of doing as he says he didn't
and the people in the Democratic Party
who don't want him on the court already
believed the testimony in the letter
given by dr. Ford so do you think we'll
actually get anywhere on Monday
afternoon or will be more of the same
but there are a lot of very reasonable
very sensible questions that can be
raised on both sides of this important
issues that we need to get to is she
telling the truth is that other
therapist notes corroborating evidence
what impact does this have on his
character what does all of this mean
today all of those are sensible and
they're sensitive issues and they can be
discussed in a reasonable manner the
chances of that happening next Monday
are almost zero because as you suggest
Willie this has got so caught up in
partisanship and all we need to do is
look at Donald Trump Jr's Instagram post
yesterday with this awful handwritten
note about will you be my girlfriend
and the kind of boys will be boys
attitude and if that's the backdrop of
this if that's reflective of where the
president's base is on this and where
Republicans will be pitching their
arguments to then know the chances of a
reasonable debate on this are almost
minimum and look at this this is this is
dismissing her out of hand with a joke
this is making a joke out of an
accusation that is potentially
incredibly serious that this woman has
lived with for 36 years if she's telling
the truth
so
the chance there are very strong
political reasons on both sides for
Republicans and Democrats to fight this
for this one as hard as they can I
understand that but the chances this
means that we are all going to be worse
off Brett cavern is going to be worse
off miss Ford is going to be worse off
because we cannot have a reasonable
debate about this so much so Mike
Barnicle I mean I am not judging any
Republicans ability to cross-examine
witnesses and in court I'm not judging
their their ability to be moral actors
on the national stage I'm just saying I
said it yesterday I'll say today and you
talk about a thankless task for these
Republicans on the Judiciary Committee I
don't think they understand it because
so many of them on that committee are so
bad with optics but it seems to me and
again this is just political analysis
other than let's say well let's just say
they're there two or three ticking time
bombs on the Republican side of the
Security Committee and my god
if I am a Republican senator a candidate
running somewhere across America next
Monday I'm gonna have my head buried in
the sand because this is a no-win
situation for them no it doesn't matter
facts be damned
it is a no-win situation for those
Republicans on the Senate Judiciary
Committee that's not me feeling sorry
for them in the least that's just me
saying the political dynamics are set up
in such a way where they are going to
look well they're just politically going
to look very insensitive in a year that
a lot of women are going to be elected
to Congress well Joe that key phrase you
just mentioned they are going to look
okay let's put that graphic back up
again in the composition of the Senate
Judiciary community that we just had and
take a look at the get it back up take a
look at the the Republican side of your
screen there are 11
they're 11 men and they are going to be
questioning the witnesses this coming
Monday and all of it I mean this is
about an event that happened 36 years
ago there is I would think no way you're
going to really get to the truth of what
may or may not have happened 36 years
ago but there has to be a hearing on it
and Ron Klain who worked for the Senate
Judiciary Committee during the Anita
Hill testimony he had a pretty sensible
suggestion I thought that he's made in a
few different venues over the past two
days and that is the Senate Judiciary
Committee ought to go out and retain a
professional prosecutor to do the
questioning of both witnesses rather
than leave it to the extraordinary sweep
of politics that you know is going to
occur next Monday thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
