kristinb lassie Ford is a 51 year old
professor and research psychologist in
Northern California Palo Alto University
she received multiple degrees and has
been widely published in her field but
in 1982 Christine Blasi was just a 15
year old high school sophomore in
Maryland when she attended a party that
has now changed her life according to
Professor Ford Brett Kavanaugh a 17 year
old high school senior and nearby
Georgetown Prep also attended that party
while his friend watch she said
Cavanaugh pinned her to a bed on her
back and groped her over her clothes
grinding his body against hers and
clumsily attempting to pull off her
one-piece bathing suit and the clothing
she wore over it when she tried to
scream she said he put his hand over her
mouth I thought he might inadvertently
kill me said Ford she said she ran from
the room briefly locked herself in a
bathroom and then fled the house
professor Ford first spoke about the
incident and a couple therapy session
with her husband in 2012 the therapists
notes were given to the Washington Post
and referenced the incident saying she
was attacked by students from an elitist
boys
school who went on to become highly
respected in high-ranking members of
society in Washington on the advice of
her attorney professor Ford took a
lie-detector test administered by former
FBI agent according the washington post
the results concluded that Ford was
being truthful when she said a statement
summarizing her allegations was accurate
professor Ford's lawyer explained why
she was reluctant to come forward with
her allegation against judge Cavanaugh
no one in the right mind
regardless of their motive would want to
inject themselves into this process and
face the kind of annihilation that she
will be subjected to by those who want
this nominee to go through this is not a
politically motivated action in fact she
was quite reluctant to come forward and
she was in fact outed after she had made
the decision not to come forward Genny
our discussion now dahlia with wick
senior editor and legal correspondent
for slate comm and anna-marie cox host
of the podcast with friends like these
and
it is hard I'm here at Supreme Court
watcher close watcher it is just hard to
believe we're here again 27 years later
and that we are going step for step in
this repetition of history I think I
want to push back because I think that
the theme has become we're just living
it over again what we live 27 years ago
27 years ago was all men on that
Judiciary Committee panel 27 years ago
women were mad they watched that they
watched that footage that Rachel showed
of professor Hill being interrogated
about grotesque pornographic did know
over and over and called nutty and
slutty and called a liar and being
compared to the Exorcist and women voted
right and we had the micro year of the
woman and and suddenly there were six
women in the Senate in 1992 now women
aren't just mad now women have power and
they have Kamala Harris on that
Judiciary Committee they have Amy
Klobuchar on that committee no man is
going to do I don't believe to dr. Ford
what was done to Anita Hill and no woman
watching it is gonna say we don't have
power I think it's just a friend and
Colonel Harris may be the best
prosecutor who's ever been on that
committee and let's just listen to more
of what Deborah Katz a a professor
Ford's lawyer had to say about this my
question to you is does she consider
this an attempted rape she does
she clearly considers this an attempted
rape she believes that if it were not
for the severe intoxication Brett
Kavanaugh she would have been raped Anna
Marie Cox your reaction to the attorneys
description of this well it's definitely
attempted rape but III don't see it any
other way I want to point out something
that is again another parallel but also
maybe a point of departure between this
and the Clarence Thomas hearings and
that is that in the aftermath of the uni
hill hearings of reports on sexual
harassment in the workplace went up 71
percent in the wake of the me2 movement
the national sexual assault hotline has
seen spikes of as much as 25 percent
after each new sort of publicized
allegation and what's going to happen on
Monday is that
millions of women and men who have been
through something like this and their
lives are going to have to kind of live
through it again they will be redrawn
Atty z'd and I just want to point out
that there's help for those people the
national sexual assault hotline is 865
six and I think that those people need
to know that they don't have to go
through what this woman is going through
in order to start to heal I also want to
point out that there is a big difference
between what happened with Nita hell and
what happened in this case because it
was it was children to two children it
was a long time ago and it should be
judged differently but I think a
parallel here is that we need to judge
brick having on not just on what he may
or may not have done but how he treats a
woman's pain and that is something I'm
even paying attention to on Monday how
does he respond to what is happening
whether or not he agrees that this
happened with her
does he take her pain seriously do the
do the people interrogating her take her
pain seriously now I'll give you a
spoiler alert I don't think brick
Cavanaugh takes women's pain very
seriously and I know that because of the
decisions he's made as a judge but I
think that for have that unfold on
national television live and will be
quite instruction instructive and Dalia
we had this sort of contest of letters
very quickly suddenly there was a letter
of 65 women then girls who Brett
Kavanaugh knew in high school who were
coming out in support of him that letter
has been tracked on and now there's only
maybe a half a dozen of them who are
formally publicly in support of him I
have to say you know I went to an all
Catholic boys school like Brett
Kavanaugh I didn't know 65 girls when I
was in an all-boys an all-boys Catholic
High School and but but then you know
professor Ford or her school graduates
of her school have put out a letter with
more than 200 signatures including Julia
Louie Dreyfus and and others and so this
this is all the wind up for this giant
moment that's going to occur on Monday
when Professor Ford raises her right
hand and we finally hear
her story you made the point Lawrence
and it's so important we have no process
we have no template we have no burden of
proof we don't know what we're doing
senator Blumenthal is saying we don't
have findings of facts we don't have a
record we have one person's allegations
we have another person's denial there is
no machine to input this into and so I
think in lieu of that you get this
reflexive people line up on their sides
they believe who they want to believe
and it I think is incumbent on the
Senate to say this is more than just
picking teams for Red Rover this is a
lifetime appointment an article three
appointment to the highest court in the
land and it has to be taken seriously as
a fact-finding Enterprise and as a
reason based enterprise and for me
what's terrifying about people lining up
and saying X is a liar X was just a kid
the the process is broken because we
found out at the 11th hour that's all
deflecting from the real issue the real
issue is did this happen and if it
happened how do we find out and press
the factual allegations and if we find
out to our satisfaction what do we do
next
those should be the questions not just
lining up and and pledging fealty based
on who you know and who you went to
school with what will you be listening
for on Monday as you try to decide who's
telling the truth here like I said I
think what I'm going to be listening for
is whether or not Cavanaugh seems to
have grown as a person since whatever
happened happened you know I come to
this not just as a survivor of sexual
assault but as a person in recovery from
drugs and alcohol and I quite frankly I
have done stuff in black out I have I
have done things that I would never do
sober in a blackout so I'm prepared to
believe that they're there he may be he
may have done something terrible that he
doesn't remember doing they know it's my
practice and it's the way that I've sort
of been been taught to conduct myself in
recovery that if someone says I did
something terrible and I don't remember
whether I did it or not I'm not in a
position to deny it
what my place is is to listen to that
person and to hear their pain to hear
their experience and ask what it is I
can do to make it better you know to
look to something restorative whether or
not I can deny or or you know agree to
the allegation I that's not the process
we have and Senate but you know it would
be an interesting instructive moment I
also think that one thing I want to
point out is that it's likely that more
people women and men have gone through
something like what doctor Ford went
through then went something like Anita
Hill went through which is to say
something that happened once that was
terrible and that they've never spoken
about again rather than something
systemic that had witnesses that had a
whole like trail to it which is what
happened with Anita Hill there are
millions of people who had a terrible
thing happened to them that they will go
to their grave not telling anyone and I
what what I hope happens in these
hearings is these people are not
confirmed in their belief that that's
what they have to do that they that they
learn that there is a way that they can
come forward and talk about these things
that happen to them because until we
have full testimony about people's
experiences we're not going to be able
to get better as a society thanks for
checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
