and so history repeats itself and I mean
repeats itself like we've never seen
before we have never seen United States
Senate history repeat itself as
flawlessly as it has been doing for
almost two weeks now when rumors first
surfaced about a possible accuser of
Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh
and then those rumors became thinly
sourced news stories online thinly
sourced because there was no stronger
way to report them at that time and then
last week the story of the accuser got
wide circulation and more detail and
then finally the accuser went public
yesterday in an interview in The
Washington Post and today the Republican
hope of keeping the confirmation on
track the Brett Kavanaugh confirmation
keeping it on track and on schedule that
hope collapsed and so now history will
fully repeat itself and we will see a
Supreme Court confirmation hearing
reopened to take new testimony from an
accuser of a nominee and new testimony
from the nominee defending himself
against those accusations just as we saw
27 years ago when Anita Hill was sworn
in to testify about the sexual
harassment she says she experienced from
Clarence Thomas while working with
parents Thomas in the federal
government's Equal Employment
Opportunity Commission the quickest
refresher course on that story is Kerry
Washington's emmy-nominated HBO film
confirmation and if you need more detail
and you should there's the masterful
book strange justice by Jane Mayer and
Jill Abramson
I was working in the Senate then but had
no role in the judicial confirmation
process other than to offer my opinion
to my boss Senator Daniel Patrick
Moynihan who was not a member of the
Judiciary Committee and didn't need
anyone's advice in making his decision
to vote against Clarence Thomas the
Senators who were not on the committee
watched those hearings on TV as shocked
as the rest of the country by the
spectacle as it unfolded and these
seemingly relentless attempts by United
States senators to find new ways to
humiliate themselves now let me just
people hearing yesterday's testimony are
probably wondering how could this client
in the reading retired woman know about
something like long dong silver did you
tell her that he's still on the
Judiciary Committee senator orrin hatch
is still on the Senate Judiciary
Committee and the question tonight is
what has orrin hatch learned in the 27
years since he embarrassed himself and
the Senate in that hearing what have the
Republicans and the Judiciary Committee
learned the answer might be that they've
learned absolutely nothing before
completely surrendering to Democratic
demands today that they postpone
Thursday's vote on Brett Cavanaugh's
confirmation the Republicans led by
Mitch McConnell and Chuck Grassley the
chairman of the Judiciary Committee
we're trying to power through this
controversy they were insisting that the
vote would take place on Thursday and
they were trying to arrange some kind of
private conversation with Professor
Christine blossom Ford they were still
trying to do that even after professor
Ford told her story in detail to the
Washington Post yesterday but today
history caught up with the Republicans
yesterday Judiciary Committee member
Lindsey Graham said if the committee is
to hear from MS Ford it should be done
immediately so the process can continue
as scheduled and tonight not a word
about the schedule from Senator Graham
is there the possibility that you
believe her story but he is still
qualified to serve
I'd have a hard time putting some layer
on the court that I thought tried to
rape somebody
a hard time and that very nervous
chuckle about the hard time let Lindsey
Graham is going to have in the Senate
Judiciary Committee Clarence Thomas
squeaked by in his confirmation vote on
the Senate floor 52 to 48 but before
Anita Hill testified against Clarence
Thomas he was on his way to getting 90
votes at least 90 votes in the Senate
just like Antonin Scalia Anthony Kennedy
and David Souter before him all
Republican nominees all got more than 90
votes professor Anita Hill took at least
40 votes away from Clarence Thomas
including two Republican votes if
professor Christine blossom Ford takes
only two Republican votes away from
Brett Kavanaugh only two then he will
not be confirmed
for most senators and Nita Hills
testimony about sexual harassment was
the very first time they had ever heard
what sexual harassment actually is the
first time most senators even thought
about it
was when they were listening to Anita
Hill professor Ford will step into a
different atmosphere when she testifies
in the now reopened confirmation
hearings of Brett Kavanaugh on Monday of
next week this time everyone on the
committee and everyone in the Senate
will know what she is talking about
attempted rape something much worse than
Clarence Thomas was ever accused of
Clarence Thomas lost 40 votes when he
was accused of sexual harassment 27
years ago how many votes will Brett
Kavanaugh lose after being accused of
attempted rape
professor Ford will be testifying after
more than a year of the me2 movement
which saw Fox News host Bill O'Reilly
lose his job over charges of sexual
harassment and then Harvey Weinstein
charged with rape criminal rape in New
York City and a long list of prominent
and powerful men most recently the head
of CBS les Moonves knocked off track
knocked off their career paths fired on
the basis of sexual harassment and some
sexual assault accusations after a year
and a half of that increasingly powerful
movement with Republicans in the United
States Senate
Republican senators Susan Collins and
Lisa Murkowski how will they decide that
there still should be some safe
employment havens left for men accused
of sexual assault and that those two
safe havens should be the White House
and the United States Supreme Court is
that what they will decide we now have
the only president in history who has
publicly confessed to sexual assault and
described his preferred methods of
sexual assault I got you some context
just in case this that kissing her
you know I'm automatically attracted to
beautiful I just started kissing them
it's like a magnet you can do anything
whatever you want when it comes time to
vote Republican senators will have to
decide if they are going to give the
self-confessed sexual assaulting
president what he wants the confirmation
of a now accused sexual assault or as a
Supreme Court justice because that
nominee has indicated that he no longer
believes the President of the United
States can be subpoenaed
that's why Brett Kavanaugh is so
important to Donald Trump Donald Trump's
belief that Brett Kavanaugh might save
him from a subpoena in the Mahler
investigation that's what this
confirmation has always been about the
reason the Republicans wanted to rush
this vote is the age-old Senate
strategic principle that that quicker
the majority party can get a vote on
something the more likely they are to
win and the longer the issue or the
nominee hangs out there without a vote
it becomes more and more likely that
you'll lose that vote but the Senate
Minority always has ways of slowing
things down and so Brett Kavanaugh has
been slowed down and every day that
Brett Kavanaugh does not get a vote in
the Senate
is a day that's support for Brett
Kavanaugh can only weaken it can't get
stronger one of the many weaknesses in
the confirmation process that Anita Hill
exposed is that the Senate Judiciary
Committee does not have a stand
of proof for accusations made against a
nominee no committee does and so we
might hear a Republican senator like
Lindsey Graham after all the testimony
is in said that he does not know who to
believe doesn't know who's telling the
truth Brett Kavanaugh now his outright
repeated denial that he absolutely did
not do what he's accused of or professor
Ford's insistence that he did and
Lindsey Graham saying he doesn't know
who to believe might just say that
because the accusation against Brett
Kavanaugh was not proved beyond a
reasonable doubt he cannot deprive Brett
Kavanaugh of a seat on the Supreme Court
he cannot deprive him of career
advancement based on a mere suspicion
and at the same time we might hear
Democrats say that he or she is not sure
who to believe
and because Brett Kavanaugh did not
prove his innocence beyond a reasonable
doubt he cannot be elevated to a
position that is supposed to be above
suspicion on the highest court in the
land the standard of reasonable doubt is
a criminal courtroom standard it is our
highest strictest standard for finding
effect proof beyond a reasonable doubt
that is the standard we require before
we take someone's Liberty away and put
someone in prison or in this country
execute someone but what is the correct
standard for awarding someone giving
someone a position on the highest court
in the land should senators ever vote
for a Supreme Court justice
if they have any doubt at all about that
nominees integrity the Senate Judiciary
Committee has never decided that
question in the 27 years since Clarence
Thomas they have never figured out that
question and without that fundamental
procedural standard a standard of proof
what we are likely to see on Monday is a
complete repeat of history with
Republicans once again humiliating
themselves Orrin Hatch today seemed
eager to show that he has learned
absolutely nothing
in the 27 years since he cross-examined
Anita Hill do you think that any of
these claims are legitimate no I don't I
think they're I think this woman whoever
she is is mixed up and but I can't speak
for her all I can say is no I don't I
know the I know the judge very very well
I know how honest he is I know how
straightforward he is I know how he
stands up for what he believes and
what's right and frankly yeah if you
were going to believe anybody you'd
believe him I think this woman whoever
she is is mixed up doesn't know who she
is
he doesn't know who she is that's orrin
hatch speaking about a professor
affiliated with Stanford University who
he has never seen never heard speak he
knows nothing about her but he thinks
she's mixed up in 27 years orrin hatch
has learned absolutely nothing on Monday
we'll find out what the rest of the
Senate has learned thanks for checking
out our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
