senator Susan Collins is speaking now
we're gonna take that before you can
vote on Cavanaugh I have said that I
believe in order for me to assess the
credibility of these allegations that I
want to have both individuals come
before the Senate Judiciary Committee
and testify under oath if this continues
to be a he-said she-said is the
allegation disqualifying how do you
adjudicate something that's almost 40
years old well that does make it very
difficult and that's why it's important
that there be a very thorough interview
and that we see both individuals respond
to the allegations there are an awful
lot of questions inconsistencies gaps
and that's why to be fair to both we
need we need to know what happened it's
my understanding that the staff is doing
interviews or has proposed to do
interviews and then that I assume would
be the prelude to some sort of character
do you believe dr. Ford I don't know
enough about dr. Ford and her
allegations yet to reach that kind of
judgment that's why having the
opportunity to observe her being
questioned read a transcript or and a
deposition and make that kind of
assessment is so important obviously if
judge Cavanaugh has lied about what
happened that would be disqualified
what did you say what did you say that
is a nice question last week the
Judiciary Committee staff informed me of
this letter I read the letter at that
point we had no idea who had sent it and
I noticed the day to the letter and
wondered why the information had not
been released long ago I asked Judge
Cavanaugh
when I had my final hour-long telephone
call with him on Friday about the letter
and the allegations that it contained he
emphatically denied that the allegations
were true he said that he had never
acted that way not only with this
unnamed accuser but with any woman he
was absolutely emphatically he said she
said if this turns into just he said she
said how do you make this decision well
that's why it's so important that we
have testimony under oath with a lot of
questions asked of both of them and it
doesn't need to be in public or just
under oath
extraordinary moment on Capitol Hill
from a woman who may hold the fate of
the Cavanaugh nomination in her hands
joining us at the table Alyssa
Mastromonaco former White House deputy
chief of staff for President Obama now
senior adviser and spokesperson for the
National Abortion of reproductive rights
action lead and Jonathan Kaye /
Washington Post opinion writer and host
of Wyn sees America on the line Casey
hunt joins us right now she was
participating in that question in Casey
hi Nicole as you as you heard and I
think it was probably a little bit
chaotic there for all of our viewers at
the end but I just want to underscore
that this was a very strong statement
from Senator Collins and it in many ways
contradicts what we're hearing privately
about how Republicans want to handle
this and I think it helps explain what
you heard from the president earlier
today where he had clearly received the
message from the Senate Republicans that
they need to follow a process that is
not going to quite frankly make the
woman that we just spoke to angry or
make her feel as though her concerns
have been disregarded and you could hear
in her voice how she feels as though she
is in a difficult position because she
was saying that she doesn't feel as
though she has enough information to
know if she trusts the account from dr.
Ford on the other hand she does have an
unequivocal denial from Becca Brett
Kavanaugh but she doesn't have it under
oath and as you heard at the very end if
this does turn into simply a he-said
she-said
she's going to be in the very difficult
position of having to decide who she
believes so this is a woman who as you
know nicole has very much prides herself
on being independent she thought about
going home to run for governor of Maine
because it's not always fun to be a
Republican senator in trumps Washington
quite frankly but she decided to stay
because she knew that she could play a
critical role in issues like health care
have a very important voice at critical
moments like this and quite frankly this
is probably more difficult than she ever
could have imagined that it might be and
really everyone
in the capital from Mitch McConnell to
Chuck Schumer to those red state
Democrats to Lisa Murkowski they're all
waiting but for a smoke signal from the
woman that we just spoke to Nicole Casey
hon I heard in Susan Collins the impact
of Brett Kavanaugh hour-long phone
conversation with her on Friday she
obviously is balancing that against the
impact and the dramatic and disturbing
nature of the allegations as described
in the Washington Post and at this point
it seems that judge Caverly there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
