Texas Board of Education is raising
eyebrows with a controversial decision
to remove certain historical figures
from the classroom but keep others the
preliminary vote eliminates mention of
figures like Hillary Clinton and Helen
Keller the decision will be finalized or
amended in November Hillman Helen cam we
are not talking about the major motion
picture Footloose we're talking about
the United States in 2018 in the same
boat the board reinsert s' references to
Moses in a high school government unit
that highlights individuals whose
principles of laws and government
institutions informed the American
Founding did have the 10 commandments I
mean I'm not aldini Jake Moses out I'm
not going to come I just don't really
understand why not gonna come like there
people don't like Donald Trump but you
actually can't take him out of American
history no is what it don't Clinton and
Helen Keller are features stay with us
officials say the move will be
streamlined social studies lessons for
5.4 million public school children
joining us now to discuss this Loren
McGhehey the Texas government reporter
who broke this very important story in
the Dallas Morning News okay
help us understand the criteria and
reasoning for removing two public
figures like Hillary Clinton and Helen
Keller well it's a little complicated
but first of all just good morning from
Texas and warnings for having me so they
actually set up a rubric the State Board
of Education chooses these volunteer
work groups that are made up of teachers
and parents and really whoever they want
to nominate and the volunteer work
groups set up a rubric kind of grading
each and every historical figure that
Texas schoolchildren are required to
learn and then they gave them a number
from 1 to 20 or 1 to 21 depending on who
it was if you didn't score very well in
the rubric they recommended that you be
cut from the curriculum and both Helen
Keller and Hillary Clinton Hillary
Clinton did not score well so they were
recommended for deletion and the board
approved that on Friday so one of the
things that I this have been
controversial with the texas school
board and textbook
for a long time because a lot of states
don't develop their own textbooks so
what Texas publishes ends up influencing
kids way beyond Texas because some
states just don't have the wherewithal
to decide what their incomes are gonna
recreate it so this is actually much
more influential than just Texas it is
and actually there's an important
distinction to be made here we're
talking about curriculum right now which
is what lessons kids are required to be
taught and then based on that curriculum
that's how they write the textbooks or
the online instructional material so
they're not actually changing the
textbooks now they did that in 2014
argument you have the same argument over
Moses and whether he should be in the
government textbooks which I actually
have a copy of right here and they
that's when this all started and it kind
of you know this year they decided to
streamline and try to make the
curriculum tighter shorter more compact
and that's when they recommended all
these solutions it's important to note
that Billy Graham the even evangelist
was also recommended for deletion from
that same section that Hillary Clinton
was in but the board decided to to
reinstate him to to put him back in to
the curriculum so in the score system
that Lauren's talking about it was 20 or
21 points or something like that
Keller got a 7 and Clinton got a 5 it in
this hyper politicized environment in
which relays you don't have to say that
you love history she is part of America
we don't like Hitler for instance I
think we can generally all agree that
three of us don't like Hitler I think
all of us can also agree you can't write
him out of history right you could
believe that that religion shouldn't be
taught in school but if there was a
religious aspect into the founding of
the United States to be discussed has to
be right it's also Laurin to what degree
is this actually kind of political
because in 2014 when these discussions
happen and there were questions about
creationism and you know all sorts of
things it does feel like it's a bit of a
conservative ideological push into the
curriculum as opposed to just random
people voting on stuff well the State
Board is an elected body it's 15 people
there are 10 Republican
sitting on it now and five Democrats so
it is a political board and it's been
kind of a hotbed for dissension for
disagreement that you know these culture
war concepts have always you know been
happening over and over it seems like
every year there's a new controversy
with something that the board chooses
and it is highly politicized and you
know a lot of people don't know you know
we hear a lot of talk about trunk we
hear a lot of talk about Clinton and the
national politics but this board is
elected and most people in Texas
probably don't know who their State
Board of Education representative is but
they actually do have a say in who sits
on that board if they you know if they
get involved in voting is this a final
decision is it reversible or amenable in
any way they can't change it in November
they're meeting again and that's when
they'll take a final vote on the
curriculum and this board has complete
control they can put in anyone they want
before then but in November that
decision becomes final and then in a few
years when they write the new textbooks
for social studies they'll base it on
this curriculum Lauren thank you so much
you know what I keep thinking of all the
schools that are working with ten 15
year old textbooks maybe we should just
focus on getting kids new ones I also do
want to point out to you the group who
recommended dropping Helen Keller from
the third grade curriculum is saying she
does not best represent the concept of
citizenship and instead military and
first responders do even if you want to
make that argument how do you take
Hillary Clinton out of the books first
lady discord resident then ran for
president of the United States against
Donald Trump is a former Secretary of
State brought in New York state senator
how are you just say again what do you
say but I get the problem stuff right I
get there's too much up right that's
like Velshi and rule but just thank you
there you go Bill Clinton was in a Texas
school a MSNBC fans thanks for checking
out our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com
slash newsletters to sign up now
