my favorite part of the show money power
politics l brands CEO les Wexner the
wealthiest GOP donor in Ohio announcing
he's no longer a Republican after
hearing former President Barack Obama
speaking in Columbus the Republican
super duper mega donor announced the
switch at a Leadership Summit telling
Ohio business leaders quote I'm an
independent I won't support this
nonsense
in the Republican Party so with the
midterm elections just fifty days away
all eyes are on big donors like Wexner
and the power they could have in crucial
states like Ohio Evan and Mark back with
me I'm joined by my dear friend Brendon
Greeley the u.s. editor for the
Financial Times Alphaville Brendon to
you first last works nur is not saying
he backs Barack Obama in terms of
economic policy in terms of all the
things he stood for this is about common
decency is this gonna have that big of
an impact I mean yes he has a ton of
dough but there's a lot of other
Republicans with a lot of money who love
their tax cuts well so that's what I
think is so fascinating about this is
that is that we have heard from a lot of
people over the last two years we're not
happy with this we're not happy with the
tone but we really do like the policies
what I think is interesting about Lex
Wexner is that he his business is with
the American consumer he has stores in
malls and his business actually has been
doing that well over the last two years
or so it's part of the story of American
retail it's very difficult to sell
things in malls when people want to buy
things from Amazon and I think he must
know on some level that deregulating oil
companies and passing tax cuts even
though he as a you know as an
incorporated public publicly held
business he got the tax cuts are not
enough to do everything you need for
every sector of the economy because his
sector of the economy retail is
suffering anyway so on some level I
think he must know as a person in
business that whatever it is that the
Republicans are doing in Congress
whatever it is that the president is
signing it's not enough to fix all the
problems so once you've established that
then it may be easier to listen to your
conscience
so Evan over the last few months we've
been saying these corporate tax cuts the
deregulation that is exactly what big
money
in corporate America love though when
you hear from less wexner than Seth
Klarman one of the biggest donors in New
England
he's now switched parties he's stumping
for Democrats is this a big shift that
Republicans need to start paying
attention to or are the Koch brothers
always going to have money to give this
is a big shift that we have to pay
attention to it's not only happening
among the mega donors in the Republican
Party it's happening within the
Republican Party itself ask yourself why
is Donald Trump at ninety two percent
approval rating within the Republican
Party because the people who don't like
what Donald Trump is doing another
Republican Party has left the Republican
Party we've seen in the first 18 months
of the administration that 10 to 15
million members of the Republican Party
no longer identify as that and that's
not changing voter registrations I've
been doing deep data dives across the
country and in states like Colorado the
number of registered Republicans has
gone down between January and August
this is something that is happening
across the country and we're seeing more
and more people register as Democrats
there's a surge in voter registration
going on right now in states across the
country that are much higher than they
were in 2014
take Colorado again up three hundred
thirty three percent Democrats added
twenty three thousand of ninety seven
thousand new registrations in between
January and August I got a feeling some
Puerto Ricans who moved from Puerto Rico
to Florida they may have registered in
the last week but that's just a guess
mark les Wexner said he made this switch
after he heard Obama speak now President
Obama was very good at getting himself
elected he was not good at getting
others elected while he was in office do
you believe that has changed especially
while there is this battle cry out there
to bring back common decency and Obama
certainly does well I hope it's changed
I think there's some indication and and
Obama more than ever is a clean glass
next to Trump's dirty glass
unfortunately what we lost in midterms
doing both Obama four-year terms was as
a result of this culture in Washington
this says well all presidents and office
losing the midterms and it seemed it was
a resignation to that on the part of the
Obama administration unfortunate
and a lack of enthusiasm to really do
anything they just kind of let it go but
him getting back out there I'm glad he's
back out there I think it's urgent that
he gets back out there because Trump is
not quiet and as I've said before on
this broadcast
you know sometimes former Democratic
candidates tend to you know become
wallflowers and sometimes the mainstream
media pushes them away we don't want to
hear from Barack Obama and Hillary
Clinton or anybody else but I think all
hands need to be on deck I think what
Wetzler is done is a good sign of others
are jumping ship cata reminds me what
was happened in the 70s people started
to jump ship on Nixon as well some of
these big donors may even have access to
information about what's coming down the
pipe that we don't have so anybody who's
still on the fence about it the doors of
the church are open all right well let
me make something clear I can't speak of
her all of me to media but this tiny
platform if President Barack Obama or
Hillary Clinton would like to speak
seats open all right Brendan I've got to
ask you before we go another longtime
independent a big-time donor a man you
and I know very very well Mike Bloomberg
seems to be back in the mix in the last
week alone I see him in the state of
Washington I see him in Nevada it sure
seems like he's getting in the mix and
he could be I don't know a potential
Democrat I mean a potential candidate
here I mean that wasn't an amazing
Freudian slip by the way I mean I think
listen I like you and I both know Mike
and you and I both like Mike so we
haven't speak for me whatever but I feel
like we have to say that you know to be
open about it so talk about it that said
I think that there's often great appeal
among people like us for a pragmatic
candidate I see him as a very pragmatic
person he looks at you know whether
things work whether they don't work
that's very appealing to me I don't know
if that resonates across the rest except
that's what a lot of people a lot of
people who voted for Trump who are not
part of his base voted for him because
they loved the idea of a pragmatic
business leader but if you're a business
leader it doesn't matter what people on
the fringe are saying you got to play
ball every day they thought that's what
they were gonna get remember all that
talk he's gonna shift he's gonna shift
can't shift it he's
again do we think that climate change
can become an issue in America that you
can run a campaign on if that is the
case then maybe Michael Bloomberg has a
chance I don't know it doesn't seem to
be climate Evans need to become climate
change gun control free markets I don't
know we'll soon find out I definitely
gun control is an issue he can run up
well mustn't find out I'm married he
always said a billionaire who's divorced
couldn't win in this country but he's
wrong about that hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
