the new wave of attempted violence that
has many people thinking about our civic
and political life with an obvious
con-con tuck text tonight a president
whose responded to his liberal opponents
being threatened by calling out protests
against conservatives failing to
confront his own supporters suggesting
the jailing of one of the very opponents
who was targeted yesterday
no one should carelessly compare
political opponents to historical
villains which is done often sterner all
the time
got a stop we should not mob people in
public spaces or destroy public property
president Trump went on to use that
rally and Twitter today to exploit these
attacks as the alleged fault of
journalists who are literally among
those targeted by some of these
attempted bombs yesterday and also to
joke that he was being nice during his
political rally to report the obvious
tonight Donald Trump's partisan and at
times glib response to this ongoing
security emergency stands in total
contrast to past presidents in both
parties who face down their own share of
security scares we put together this
historical comparison I want to make
clear our common determination an act of
vicious terror like this is clearly
directed at the spirit of our own
democracy the media also has a
responsibility to set a civil tone and
to stop the endless hostility and
constant negative and oftentimes false
attacks were kind nation
a compassionate nation we're a nation of
strong values and we value life our
government is doing everything we
possibly can protect the lives of our
citizens everything there are those who
like to fan fears but over the long haul
America does not succumb to fear we
master the moment with bravery and
courage normally I'd scream they want a
socialist takeover now I say what's a
socialist takeover
I'm trying to be nice right - look at
this comparison to where we're headed
I'm joined by neo Tannen who worked for
Hillary Clinton and President Obama who
we just saw there and ambassador mark
Ginsburg he served as a White House
Middle East adviser as well as an
ambassador in the Clinton administration
I begin with you ambassador the
comparison well it's quite evident to me
as someone who's been unfortunately a
spectator to the president's own rants
and write and raves Mussolini style
let's go get him let's body slam
journalists attacking viciously the
opponents of the president and the
Democratic Party look how are you and I
know that when a the president eggs on
an audience there are people who are
watching at home or in these rallies who
consider it to be their duty if not
theirs their civic responsibility to go
out and to harass as well as to perhaps
think about how they can fulfill the
president's rhetoric in a way that is
shall we say goes goes in a way that is
violent now that doesn't mean that the
President himself is encouraging that
but let's be real those of us who are in
the counterterrorism space counter
extremism space on YouTube alone there
are 300 thousand videos how to construct
the pipe bomb it doesn't take a lot for
a lone actor whether they're
incentivized by the president's rhetoric
or perhaps incentivizing I'm merely
speculating by a foreign power to engage
in these tactics Neera okay the
president United States when it has gone
after Maxine Waters
Hillary Clinton Barack Obama John
Brennan Robert De Niro the people who
received pipe bombs
who as far as we know at this point were
you know there was a basically an
attempted mass murderer all of these
people are targets that the president
has laid out himself in his tweets in
his rallies and what I find truly
shocking is that this happened in our
country and within hours there was a
rally a political rally where the
president's supporters are chanting lock
her up and the politicians on stage
can't say stop and I think the president
you know I hit it's the way he is there
no one's really shocked by it that he'll
blame the media or blame someone else
but the fact that we have a president
who unlike any other president targets
people they are then the targets of
attack and can't say the simple words
that you know I'm gonna do better or
recognize his own role of this is truly
disconcerting if the raises that rages
and ridiculous but truly we've all lost
words to describe the ridiculous
situation that we're in with the with
President Trump ambassador what do you
think is the responsibility of people
who served like you have in national
security and diplomatic positions within
the government to try to reason with
someone who you know in the rally last
night at best appeared very glib very
unserious about this and at worst as
many of suggest it appears to fan the
flames of a climate where people are
really going beyond the traditions and
political norms that are basically a
requirement of a peaceful civic society
well when you have a White House staff
that can't deal with this president
effectively and actually get into
fistfights with each other so they they
exert violence within their own White
House when they disagree with each other
the only way that I can think of Ari is
that people who have good intent the
good Americans all of us who are
Republican Democrat independent the best
way to show the president that his
glibness and his indifference if not
back of the hand attacks still on the
press you know I wish he would say and I
call on Fox News to stop it's fake news
attack
on Democrats I haven't heard him say
that let's face it it's going to take
voters to go to the polls and vote and
put a Democratic majority in the house
if not in the Senate in order to tell
the president the American people are
tired and sick and tired of this type of
rhetoric that is inflaming and putting
the best lives of our country in danger
well-put and something to think about
ambassador Ginsburg thanks for joining
us near I stick around I want to ask you
but another development later in the
show and now as promised turn to another
guest of ours a current member of
Congress Hakeem Jeffries representing
New York thanks for being here during a
difficult time for New York and a lot of
parts of the country thanks for having
me your view of how the president is
conducting himself and what is the
nature of the threat as you see it in
these attacks well it's a serious threat
that has targeted two former presidents
high-ranking governmental officials and
public figures who have been very
critical of the president that's a very
troubling pattern that suggests that
there was provocation based on the
politics of the moment that we're in
words matter leadership is important it
starts at the top and the president has
chosen to respond to the chaos crisis
and confusion of the moment by basically
showing depraved indifference to human
life and that's been shameful and
shocking and the only way for the
American people to respond through their
goodness is going to be through the
power of the ballot that has been given
to us by our founding fathers to show
that this is not okay that we are better
than this
and to impose a check and balance on
this president on November 6 so you
think he's making it worse he absolutely
is making it worse presidents can either
unite well they can divide they can
either bring people together or they can
tear us apart and Donald Trump has
clearly chosen to tear us apart by
showing indifference at best and
definitely provocation at worse in terms
of what has taken place it's not even
clear that he has the ability to show
human compassion for what has taken
place and that is perhaps the biggest
tragedy of it all he's been on this
earth for 70 plus years it's clear to us
that he is not going to change
he said yesterday during his more
scripted part of this well we have to
accept the outcome of elections but he
was the first modern nominee of a major
party who said at a presidential debate
in front of everyone that he wouldn't
agree in advance to accepting the
outcome of the election he would wait
and see until Election Day and he
happened to win I wonder what you think
of that contrast and the debate that's
gonna continue I think as long as he's
president about when he comes out and he
says the bare minimum of what he seems
to be assigned or what Sun script and
then goes on in acts in a way that's
contra to whatever was written for him
well he's someone who clearly has
authoritarian tendencies and when given
the chance he always shows us who he is
initially he'll respond based on a
script show some humanity but then when
he's unleashed from the script what a
teleprompter basically communicate what
he really thinks about the matter and
that is quite unfortunate because this
is not a situation where it's Democrats
versus Republicans the left versus the
right progressives or conservatives this
is a life with death matter this is when
leadership is really required at the top
and he has failed the American people
Congressman Hakeem Jeffries from New
York a place that knows these threats
well I appreciate you coming on our
coverage tonight hey I'm already
Melbourne from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
