well actually isn't Ted's real name
Raphael I I think so right
because that was one of the questions I
did have to ask its opponent in this
race is a stone-cold phony named robert
francis or or sometimes referred to as
baito and he pretends to be a moderate
but he's actually a radical open borders
left winger hmm my goodness I don't even
know where to begin there from talking
about phonies read here's a lifetime
Democrat who's given tons of money to
Charles Schumer given tons of money to
Nancy Pelosi given tons of money to
Hillary Clinton given tons of money to
the DNC what a phony that guy is and now
he's pretending he's a conservative and
he suckered all those people into
believing that he's a conservative and
he calls other people phonies that is
some funny stuff hey let's bring in
Jacob Soboroff right now Jacob listen
I've got some very bad news for you your
Los Angeles Dodgers or they're going to
be taking on barnacles Boston Red Sox
and it could be ugly my man it could be
ugly you guys have more pull around here
than I do I was wondering how to
convince my bosses that the most
important swing district in America or
the course the next couple days is left
field bleachers at this table is praveen
because I'm gonna be on the road
unfortunately all you have to do is
convince my car and all of that he'll
hook you up yeah I'll take care of you
do me a favor Mike please talk to the
bosses I'm still I know I threw up in my
mouth a little with that Chris Taylor
catch on that last game I can't wait
yeah that was their one incredible
series Brewis Dodgers that was a good
one so bar so bar Nicole I set up the
series for us really quickly before we
get to news well the weather could play
a role in the series tonight at Fenway
supposed to be drizzled all during the
game that means the ball is not going to
fly as far as it usually does it could
affect the grip on the ball for Clayton
Kershaw I still think that the
is a very good team great guy Dave
Roberts is the manager I think in the
long run it'll be the short run I think
the Red Sox will win this series and
five games
oh come on Mike particle what what what
I didn't get backwards yeah why yasiel
Puig Justin Turner I don't know what I
got in five if you get them in five five
I got them in five so Sunday night
that's the point I told maybe be back
clincher yeah oh my goodness all right
Mika what do we got all right so Jacob
Soboroff you're you're following Trump's
lies about the caravan and also
constantly following thank you the
separations of children from their
families at the border let's just update
people they have not been able to clean
up this mess this president and his
inhumane policy of separating children
from their families right now 66
children are still in government custody
and 50 of their parents have already
been they will never is there a
possibility that some of these children
will never be reunited with their
families including one child who's
underfunded life yeah no doubt about it
Mika including the hundreds of parents
that were deported before they had the
right to get reunited with their parents
you know earlier this summer I've been
listening you guys all morning one thing
that I want to add is not only in my
opinion is the language that we've heard
from the president over the past couple
days
obviously racist and completely
abhorrent but it has extreme real-world
consequences and those consequences are
the ones that I saw first of all this
summer with my own eyes when they put
children into cages down on the border
but the president now then it was stated
deterrence policy now it's a stated
policy of actually shutting down the
southern border and putting armed guards
on the southern border which just makes
you realize that the president has
absolutely no idea what he's talking
about he's talking about cutting off
tens of millions of dollars hundreds of
millions of dollars in commerce to
hundreds of thousands of people probably
has supporters all across the country
that go back and forth between ports of
entry every single day he's talking
about American children that live in
cities like Ciudad Juarez and cross into
the United States on a daily basis to go
to high school in places like El Paso or
McAllen Texas or Tijuana and I guarantee
you that the policies that the president
is talking about putting into place will
result in more people dying when they
try to cross the border because they're
now running from Americans in order to
get in here rather than turning
themselves in to see because
eylem an American tradition also joining
our conversation Washington bureau chief
for the Boston Herald and an MSNBC
contributor Kimberly Atkins Kimberly
great to see you we've been talking
about the president using this rhetoric
and overstating what this caravan is in
the threat to America but he's also
blaming the Democrats who have not been
in power now for two years or so
president Trump has controlled the White
House Republicans have controlled
Congress he had everything what he
wanted in place to stop what he believes
is this invasion from the southern
border and yet he continues to blame
Democrats right well look I whatever you
think about the president he is very
good at messaging to his supporters to
the key constituencies who he's seeking
to appeal to ahead of an election and
things like fax have not stood in his
way before and they're not not standing
in his way now yes he is blaming
Democrats for this he is really
demonizing these people who are
migrating on mass in part to remain safe
as they make their way through Mexico
because it is a very arduous and
dangerous journey and saying things that
we've heard before that they are
criminals that they're bringing crime
somehow inexplicably mixing in Middle
Easterners being in there he's not even
saying terrorists he's just using
middle-eastern as as a code word for
terrorists that of course isn't true
either that they're being funded by
Democrats that they're but if you talk
to Trump supporters they what reporters
do all the time they say all these
aren't people who are in crisis these
are people who are being funded by
George Soros because that is what Donald
Trump and other conservatives are saying
and the message is landing that's the
biggest contrast right now between
Democrats who are having a much harder
time messaging against it counter
messaging against this in a way that is
resonating and is being repeated by
their supporters the way that it is on
Donald Trump's side you know by the way
Willie we heard the name George Soros
brought up by the president United
States we've heard the name George Soros
brought up by backbenchers in the
Republican Congress blaming him for
funding these caravans blaming him for
funding
one you know a fake conspiracy after
another
last night a from what I understand a
explosive device was found at George
Soros is Westchester home in part a
you've got to you got to point the
finger back to the President and these
Republican members of Congress that have
just been been spreading these
conspiracy theories and have an ISA
medic overtones to him towards George
Soros well George Soros is the boogey
man we hear it from Donald Trump's mouth
we hear from Republicans mouth that he's
funding every dark conspiracy they
believe is taking place around the world
and you're right about 45 minutes to an
hour north of New York City up in
Westchester County where George Soros
has a home he wasn't home but an
explosive device was found in his
mailbox yesterday the police have there
detonated it proactively it didn't
explode on its own but someone sent what
they believe was an explosive device to
the home it was placed in the mailbox of
George Soros just outside of New York
City hmm wow that's well you know so
Kimberly I guess the question is will
this work the president one lie after
another lie after another lie but I I
had a relative yesterday talking about
this invasion of of migrants coming and
I had a college-educated friend email me
yesterday asking how are we going to
stop America's borders from being
invaded they're coming they're coming
yeah the lies working it is it lands I
mean we hear from this I hear from it
from people who tweet or email me after
stories that are right about this that
there is an invasion in the country the
phrases that we hear the president say
if we don't have a border we don't have
a country well we do have a border and a
country and rules but there's also
reasons why we are seeing these
migrations toward the border and the
president now is seeing this as election
gold Republicans for a while Republican
strategists have been saying that the
more the president talks about
immigration the better it is for him and
I think the president also loves to
gravitate right around this
before an election whether it's a
special election or the midterms he
graduates toward these culturally
divisive issues I'm sure he will
probably tweet about NFL protests again
before the elections come in two weeks
we have seen him talking about migrants
in a way that's very divisive we saw him
last night say I'm a nationalist you're
not supposed to say that but use that
word he's not just saying that he's
calling himself that but urging his
supporters to use that word it's that
same push against quote-unquote
political correctness in sort of
embracing a term which has been made to
stand for not just isolationism in in an
international context but really just
appealing to a certain constituency even
within the United States white male
constituency at the exclusion of all
others he's now embracing that word the
closer we get to the election the more
open he is with the with the use of
xenophobic Islamophobic racist rhetoric
because they he sees this as a campaign
advantage and you Mike you look at what
he's been talking about talking about
this invasion coming from Honduras of
course he's called Hispanics breeders
this past year accused the Mexicans of
being rapists at the beginning of his
campaign you can go down there's a
laundry list but it bet again it's not
just culturally divisive issues and he's
pointing to now now it's just it is
there are racial overtones that are so
obvious he's talking about Middle
Easterners in there but again we talked
about this in 2016 let's talk about it
right now
border crossings historically are at a
low point now and they were at a low
point at the end of Barack Obama's
presidency where there was actually a
negative flow net flow in the United
States more people going back to Mexico
than coming here from Mexico something
of course that again the president that
would completely undermine the big lie
yeah well it doesn't matter to him
you know words are weapons and his
coming out of his mouth we grow immune
to it because we listen to it each day
and we talk about it each day but words
are weapons out there you know the
caravan Middle Easterners in the
Kerrigan ms-13 in the caravan George
Soros funding it and we see what happens
with a bomb being planted enjoyed
services mailbox but what were you gonna
say I'm just gonna say you hear him talk
about ms-13 right and we can we can
repeat over and over again the facts
that he's talking about are completely
based in fallacy the Border Patrol chief
down in the Rio Grande Valley sector
told me in the middle of a separation
crisis the busiest place along the
southern border that ms-13 makes up less
than 1% of the people that he sees come
through at that time and that policy was
based on the president saying I missed
their team was a big threat to our
country but what I wanted to say as I've
traveled across the country from Marcel
Maine at the very top down to island
Ronan Key West down at the South in
Florida a small group of people will
bring up immigration and the president
Trump's rhetoric everybody else brings
up their desire to have jobs and have a
good life and to have hope and optimism
and prosperity in this country and part
of the conversation has to be us
acknowledging that the president is full
of it frankly when he talks about this
stuff but then just pivoting to talk
about what people really want and really
need in their day-to-day lives and I
think as an outside observer that's part
of the Democrats problem you see it
successfully here and there but so often
they get engaged in these battles with
the president over whether or not he's
telling truth he's obviously not telling
the truth
we're gonna say that but then just move
on to the things that really matter to
people across the country and so often
it isn't this stuff that the president's
talking about Jacob Soboroff and
Kimberly Atkins thank you both coming up
on Morning Joe I'm a leader I've always
been a leader I've never had any problem
leading people if I say do it they're
gonna do it that's what leadership is
all about our next guest may have a
different definition retired General
Stanley McChrystal literally wrote a
book on the topic and he joins the
conversation straight ahead on Morning
Joe thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
around us to watch more for morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
