so judge Brett Kavanaugh president
Donald Trump's picked to sit on the
Supreme Court is now out with a new
statement just in the last 30 minutes or
so
he is refuting the sexual assault claims
against him these are allegations made
by a woman who says Kavanaugh sexually
assaulted her more than three decades
ago when they were in high school here's
what the judge says this is a completely
false allegation says I've never done
anything like what the accuser describes
to her or to anyone because this never
happened I had no idea who was making
this accusation until she identified
herself yesterday I am willing to talk
to the Senate Judiciary Committee in any
way the committee deems appropriate to
refute this false allegation from 36
years ago and defend my integrity
Loehmann's lawyer was asked about her
clients motivations this morning on The
Today Show with Savannah watch does she
think judge Kavanaugh should withdraw
his nomination is that what she hopes
comes out of Christa she's not taking a
position on that she believes that these
allegations obviously bear on his
character and his fitness and the
denials of course also bear on hurt his
character and fitness joining me now is
NBC News White House correspondent
Kristen Welker here with me is former
federal prosecutor at MSNBC legal
analyst Glenn Kirchner Jeff Mason from
Reuters and a Palmer from political are
back as well Jeff and Addie you both
it's your understanding that Brett
Kavanaugh is at the White House right
now yes camera saw him arriving at the
West Wing just a few minutes ago just
within the last few minutes Kristen
Welker I know that our team is still
trying to look for that video to make
sure that we can find Cabot when we get
it by the way we will obviously show it
to you but can you talk through what
you're hearing I know you've been on the
phone the last half an hour talking with
your sources at the White House what you
got well Holly look the White House is
defending Brett Kavanaugh standing
behind that statement as you point out
but I do think a very notable tactic
here you had Kelly in Conway earlier
today saying that look Christine glossy
Ford deserves to be hurt she deserves to
be taken seriously and so I think that
that is quite notable in terms of what
we're hearing from Capitol Hill Chuck
Grassley who's the chairman of the
Senate Judiciary Committee through a
spokesperson Hallie just saying this a
moments ago that the committee will
start with follow-up calls attempting to
set up a call with
and one with ford republicans have given
no on-the-record indication that they'd
like for it to testify publicly so these
background calls are a first step as you
know Democrats saying look these
background calls are just not good
enough they want to hear from dr. Ford
and of course Cavanaugh saying that he
is willing to talk about these new
allegations as well and again standing
by his very firm denial of all of this
we know that the White House has been
making phone calls back and forth to
Capitol Hill to try to get a sense of
where this all heads from here halli and
just how quickly they might in fact be
able to hear from dr. Ford would she be
able for example to come to Capitol Hill
as early as tomorrow so that is
something that we're tracking again as
we try to pin down exactly when Brett
Kavanaugh entered the White House if he
in fact did and I know that he was
caught on the cameras of us CNN so we're
trying to check our cameras as well
Hallie thank you for checking out our
youtube channel why don't you subscribe
it's really easy just click on that
button down there and for more news from
MSNBC click on any of these videos here
for the latest interviews and highlights
you can get more videos from MSNBC with
our newsletters head over to msnbc.com
slash newsletters to sign up
