we begin tonight with major breaking
news about Brett Cavanaugh's
confirmation we had been telling you it
was all but a sure thing but news
tonight that could make a real
difference Democratic senator Doug Jones
who's a potential key swing vote says we
should hold off and wait but most
critically breaking tonight Republican
Jeff Flake tells Politico he's not
comfortable voting YES
until his committee hears more from
Christine Ford because it's a party line
vote that's gonna have a real impact on
how this moves forward remember that
vote is scheduled for Thursday it's all
because Christine foretells the
Washington Post that she is the author
of that confidential letter to Senator
Dianne Feinstein alleging that Supreme
Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh attempted
to sexually assault her more than three
decades ago Ford who is now 51 years old
and a research psychologist in
California tells the paper that while
his friend watched a drunk teenage Brett
Kavanaugh pinned her to the bed groped
her and attempted to take her clothes
off Ford alleges that when she tried to
scream Cavanaugh put his hand over her
mouth adding quote I thought he might
inadvertently kill me she says she
managed to escape when Cavanaugh's
friends jumped on top of both of them
sending all three tumbling foretells the
post she told no one about the incident
in any detail until 2012 when she was in
couples therapy and even then Cavanaugh
reportedly wasn't mentioned by name just
in tonight we also have a new statement
from the White House saying Cavanaugh
still categorically unequivocally denies
that any such misconduct took place and
at this hour there is no indication that
that Ford's accusation will derail his
confirmation vote there that is still of
course up in the air but this question
remains what will senators like Lisa
Murkowski Heidi Heitkamp and Susan
Collins do with this information those
three women have already held the keys
to Cavanaugh's confirmation and we can
safely assume this report has not made
their decisions any easier with that I'd
like to welcome in my panel Washington
Post reporter Emma Braun who broke this
story national political reporter for
Axios Jonathan Swan New York Times
political reporter Lisa lair and senior
political reporter for Yahoo News John
Ward thank you all for being here
tonight and Emma
I'd like to start with you since this
really pulled this story an amazing
scoop and and great work by your team
this clearly was an incredibly difficult
decision for Christine Ford can you walk
us through how this story first came to
your attention the Washington Post got a
tip and then you know how this process
played out for Christine Ford sure
so she first reached out to us early
July when Brett Kavanaugh had made his
way to the top of the short list but was
not yet named a few days later President
Trump of course announced him and she
spent much of the summer trying to
decide what she was gonna do she felt
like she had as she put it to me a civic
responsibility to come forward and yet
she was terrified of what that would
mean for her and her family yeah so she
she thought about it all summer long she
retained a lawyer she took a polygraph
test to prepare you know her lawyer
anticipating she would be accused of
being a liar should she come forward and
then by the end of August she just felt
like she had made her decision she was
not going to come forward however she
had sent this confidential letter at one
point to Dianne Feinstein and his word
of that started to leak and there was an
intercept story and there was a BuzzFeed
story and then of course New York or New
York Times like she just felt her
privacy how did she get joy away where
you know she's gone through she's taken
all these steps that you outlined she's
done the polygraph she talked to the
lurmen clearly she had at some point
made up her mind you know she calls you
guys but she wanted to come forward and
have this known I mean what was it that
that made her change her mind after
going through all of that yeah I mean I
do think she's had this thing in her
that wanted to tell her story and that's
why she wrote a letter to Dianne
Feinstein right and she just also was
very terrified of what that would mean
for her personally it's when a reporter
started knocking on her door and showing
up at her workplace and calling her
colleagues she just felt like as she put
it these are the ills I was trying to
avoid and they have come to pass anyway
so I'm gonna do it and has she thought
through or have have there been kind of
gaming out of scenarios of okay what
happens now
does she have to testify before the
committee a minute willing to do that in
public I I have not talked to her about
now what she obviously there are now
calls for her to come speak to to the
committee and I don't know what she will
do but I do know that she has made
already made the very difficult choice
of putting her name out there and and
being public about her accusation and so
I would not be surprised if she if she
decides she she will come speak to the
committee okay
Politico is now reporting that the
president is planning to stand by judge
Kavanagh that's based on conversations
with four people close to the White
House Politico reports quote three of
those people also said they expect the
president's ago after Cavanaugh's
accuser rather than to turn on the judge
they noted that Trump has done so before
not just denouncing his own accusers but
also attacking those of others notably
failed Alabama Senate candidate Roy
Moore the piece goes on quote a lawyer
close to the White House said the
nomination will not be withdrawn quote
no way not even a hint of it the lawyer
said if anything it's the opposite if
somebody can be brought down by
accusations like this then you me every
man should certainly should be worried
we can all be accused of something
liesl air there's a lot there
it does seem I mean this is a playbook
we've seen this president write run in
his own defense we've seen him you know
attack others accusers as we pointed out
Roy Moore but that that attitude also is
something that really sticks out in the
context of the me2 movement right so I
think you have to separate what's gonna
happen with the judge a little bit from
the politics and take each one
separately I think Kevin uh could still
get confirmed we don't know but it seems
like that could still happen but on the
politics I think it is you know a lot of
people have been referencing back to
Nita Hill and Clarence Thomas's hearing
and I think what's interesting there is
that in 1992 after Clarence Thomas was
confirmed it was of course the first
year the woman and all these women went
out to the polls motivated in part by
the treatment Anita Hill fast forward
all these years
were in this totally different moment
it's this me to moment you have this
unprecedented number of female
candidates running already and you
really have to wonder how
this shakes out for them politically
like that's that statement sounds a
little bit more than a little bit
tone-deaf given you know the dynamics of
these midterm elections which are
frankly not looking all that great for
Republicans to begin with right and the
idea that any man could be accused of
some I mean I don't even know where to
start with that what I may throw that
way to you it's a common well yes let's
just say that I think there are many of
us who have been at too many parties
where you know bad things have happened
who would never level an accusation if
if it had not happened and certainly it
takes a lot as emma has learned through
her reporting right decide to come
forward with something like this
Jonathan Swan what does your reporting
tell you about how the White House or
Republicans who are charged with
defending the judge are going to go
forward with us so after the story broke
I've spoken to four people who are
involved in the process in various
degrees they were all defined actually I
should I should qualify that one of them
actually told me they felt a little bit
queasy but then they within about five
minutes were starting to undermine the
accuser and why the timing did you know
she's a Democrat etc etc the rest of
them were totally defiant and I could
already see from the conversations where
they were heading in terms of
rhetorically okay no democratic donor
liberal activist why now why did she
wait till 2012 why didn't she named him
for the therapist you know it's it's the
laundry list at the other point that
they'll make and they have been making
is that there's a list that they've
compiled of 65 women who may have known
him since high school who vouch for his
character so I saw no signs in any of
those conversations that they were going
to take even an inch of a step backwards
I don't know I don't have direct
knowledge of the president's thinking
but based on everything I know about him
from covering him for three years I'd
guarantee you that that report is
correct he is not going to back off
let's just I understand why it was
compiled right and of course they want
to testify to Cavanaugh's character but
just because someone didn't murder you
doesn't mean that they're not it just
seems like there's a logical fallacy
there that's pretty easily unpacked and
I think there are a lot of women you
know across the country who have had
experiences that you know maybe didn't
rise this level but this this rings
personal I mean even I can tell you even
in the couple hours since it came out
like I've heard from friends from other
people who say like it just rings really
true I think to a lot of women and that
can be a very pull it under estimate the
political power of that yeah Joan word
way in there I mean there's gonna be a
lot of Republican senators who are gonna
be in a pretty pretty tough spot in the
next couple of hours as to how they're
gonna handle this and and they're either
gonna have to go out there and say you
know essentially defend judge Cavanaugh
and say well you know this was however
long ago like I believe him etc etc all
it's a very difficult place to be in
Jeff Flake already saying hey I can't
vote YES on this until we at least hear
from this woman yeah you know I think as
of tonight you have to say or you don't
have to say I would say better than 50%
chance he still gets confirmed I think
that's something you say tonight because
we don't know if this woman comes
forward to testify and if she does we
don't know how that plays out and
there's a strong likelihood that if she
does that that's you know that's got a
pretty good chance of changing things
now even if she if Cadman's get
confirmed I think one thing we can say
that's also gonna have a big impact is
the effect on the midterms and right
control the Senate we're at about a 10
point generic ballot advantage for
Democrats now I think 538 says they need
about 11 to have a good shot at control
the Senate and that could certainly come
into play if she comes to testifying
this becomes a bigger issue than it is
right now if you want to talk about just
raw base politics and you know X you
know take morality the moral dimension
of this conversation out of it it could
play actually the other way if this does
stymie his confirmation Republican base
voters could get really angry and could
turn out with real intensity so yeah we
actually don't know how this is gonna
pay yeah play political dissenters I
prefer absol the seal and it's just
let's talk through a little bit there
there are a lot of pieces of this that
are in your report and that and you know
I spoke to several senators on the phone
this afternoon as they were you know and
a lot of them were learning quite
frankly right along with the rest of us
from your reporting and of what was
available the polygraph test
for example the notes from the therapist
that you report on is that information
going to be is she going to be willing
to your knowledge to send that
information to the committee if they ask
for it is that something that we're
going to get a chance to see I cannot
predict
I really cannot predict in this
situation but I can say that those that
the medical records are very very
private and that those would be you know
that's a really difficult choice for any
person to have to turn that over and I
think you know she she has a it's a
price to pay
like she'll have to decide again she's
going to come to another decision point
where it's like how much now are you
willing to give right if if you want to
tell your story fully now to the
committee that's gonna come with another
risk to you so I don't know what she
will decide and some of the pushback
already focuses on the you know the fact
that his name was not in the therapists
notes how did she explain to you you
know her decision-making around who to
tell about what had happened whether to
name a Brett Kavanaugh to those people
that she talked to I think the fact that
his name is not in the therapists notes
doesn't mean that she didn't say his
name and of course she spoke to her
husband her husband was there it was
couples therapy and he says he recalls
hearing her name in that converse his
name in that conversation so and in fact
I got emails today from people who are
therapists who said it's not unusual
that you wouldn't write down someone's
name I mean that's not the therapists
interest right the therapist interest is
in helping their their client or patient
work through whatever they're working
through so I don't think the fact that
his name is not there doesn't mean she
didn't say it in the session well Emma
brown thank you so much for your great
reporting I'm sure we'll be talking
quite a bit with you it's more in the
coming days hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
