they like to use the impeach word
impeach Trump Maxine Waters we will
impeach him but he didn't do anything
wrong it doesn't matter we will impeach
him we will update but I say how do you
beat somebody that's sort of great job
that hasn't done anything wrong our
economy how do you do it how do you do
it well I suspect congresswoman Maxine
Waters has an answer to that question
and she joins me now
good morning congresswoman good morning
joy it's good to be with you great to be
with you as well so let's let's talk
about this issue Donald Trump loves to
go after you on the campaign stump it's
one of his favorite talking points to
hit you and go after you
he's now worked in this line about that
you are leading a drive to impeach him
if Republicans don't turnout here's a
new poll from The Washington Post ABC
News it looks like the American people
are moving in your direction
congresswoman 49% of all adults say
begin impeachment hearings 46% say do
not when it comes to registered voters
it's the reverse there that's a pretty
strong plurality who are on your side on
this issue do you think that we're at a
point now where Republicans need to
change their minds about having
impeachment being unthinkable or is this
just something Democrats only would do
well let me predict that there are many
Republicans who will not continue to
stand with him this president has
displayed the most despicable behavior
that any human being could do and
certainly as a president of the United
States he is disappointed millions of
people and so he's not a role model for
our children he is a liar
he's a con man he's deceitful he makes
up stories day in and day out and
despite the fact that the 1% who will
gain mightily from the tax cuts may
continue to support him because of the
profits that they will make but I think
the average human being the average
American even many of those who are
Republicans cannot stand to have this
president represent us in this
world any longer and so when it will be
I don't know but it is your possible and
he's trying to frighten them by saying
this black woman who has no reason to
talk about impeachment keeps talking
about impeachment
well he's not only trying to frighten
them but he's trying to bring out a bad
constituency of his who do not like
black people anyway and so I'm not
worried about that let him continue to
say whatever he'd like to say I think
the dots are getting closer to being
connected I think that manna fort is
gonna play a big role in this I think
our special counsel is doing a good job
and in the final analysis I think that
we will understand how he and his allies
and all of those who have been you know
wanting Trump to lift the sanctions so
that they can all benefit from drilling
for oil in the Arctic are going to be
discovered they're going to be indicted
in my own estimation do you believe that
the House Intelligence Committee which
is should a report basically exonerating
Donald Trump on issues related to the
campaign should now reconvene new
hearings now that Manta Ford has agreed
to cooperate for instance subpoenaing
those blocked calls that were made from
Trump Tower on the day of the Trump
Tower meeting women perhaps even trying
to call in the the lawyer vessel net sky
or trying at least to try to call new
hearings in light of the fact that you
now have cooperation from two key
figures close to Donald Trump Cohen and
man afford
absolutely and I think that the Congress
of the United States has been totally
irresponsible in oversight on this issue
the hearings have not been credible they
have not been thorough they've been
closed down without having done a good
job and yes if the Congress of the
United States wants to exercise its
constitutional responsibility we will
have hearings and we will take up the
information that is now being displayed
and talked about with
man apart and with the rest of those who
are involved Roger stone that's got to
be brought before the Congress of the
United States he knows a lot about what
is going on and yes you're absolutely
correct we should be having those
hearings and congressman you are the
ranking member of the Financial Services
Committee in the House of
Representatives Democrats don't talk
about this a lot but there are a lot of
very popular Democrats with the base of
the Democratic Party like yourself like
Adam Schiff on Intel who would become
chair of those committees if Democrats
take the house if you get the gavel of
the Financial Services Committee and
become the chairman chairwoman wouldn't
you subpoena Donald Trump's tax records
if I get to become the chair of the
Financial Services Committee and I'm
very hopeful that I will be chair I will
exercise the chairmanship in a very
responsible way I will make sure that
we're carrying out our responsibilities
in ways that may touch Donald Trump a
ways that will unveil what's going on in
the Treasury Department as a ranking
member I have I would have I have had
the responsibility for helping to guide
the Democratic caucus on these financial
services issues and as chairman I will
have the responsibility not only for the
Treasury but the FDIC the OCC the SEC
all of these regulatory agencies and if
there is information that is going to be
unveiled about what has been going on in
the White House or Donald Trump or the
Treasury it will come out I will be very
responsible in doing that I am NOT
looking to make up stories or to create
ways by which to trap anybody I will
just do my work as a member of Congress
and as a chairman if I am able to become
the chairperson of that committee in a
responsible way and then let things fall
where they may
the couple more questions for you first
of all just to stay for a moment on the
issue of impeachment Democratic leaders
are still very loath to use the word
other than yourself and
this is Steve Kornacki of NBC News
reporting he says it's no coincidence
the top three Democratic leaders in the
House today Nancy Pelosi Steny Hoyer and
Jim Clyburn were all there in 1998
during when Bill Clinton was impeached
and are all quiet about impeachment now
they remember the energizing effect that
a push to remove their party's president
had on their voters and they all fear
giving Trump's party that kind of
motivation this fall what do you make of
that argument well let me just say this
I think that you know what I have done
and what I've said about impeachment
help to bring that discussion to light
and I know that there are members of the
leadership who is saying that let's not
talk about impeachment let's just talk
about our democratic issues and our
agenda well we can walk and chew gum at
the same time we continue to talk about
our issues and Democrats have always
been for saving Social Security making
sure that we have comprehensive health
plan support of Obama care we have
talked about Medicare for all we've
talked about the infrastructure creating
an infrastructure to repair our roads
and our bridges that create jobs and
contracts look at what's happening up in
Flint the water systems are still not
repaired and so these are our issues
housing homelessness we can talk about
that and we can talk about Donald Trump
and we should not be satisfied to be
quiet about him he is deplorable he's
despicable he should not be the
President of the United States of
America and I don't think in the final
analysis people is going to people are
going to allow him to continue and exit
question to you I'm congresswoman you're
on the sello Californian senator the
senior senator from California Dianne
Feinstein has taken a lot of criticism
for her handling of the Brett Kavanaugh
nomination she discovered in July that
there was a woman who had made anonymous
allegations of alleged sexual assault
when both were in high school here is
what Kevin DeLeon who's running against
Dianne Feinstein in that primary in in
the in the race for her Senate seat he
said the following about died finds that
her performance underscores how she is
historically demonstrated that she's not
willing to take the fight to the
Republicans
she has been he said very passive in her
approach regarding the most important
Supreme Court nominee in a generation
showing a huge detachment to the
realities of women that women's
experiences in many communities as
somebody who is never afraid to take the
fight to the Republican Party do you
believe that Dianne Feinstein made a
mistake not sharing that information
that she had with her colleagues or
questioning Cavanaugh himself about
those allegations when she had him right
there in those hearings well I think
this is a most unfortunate situation
first of all I do think that the
information has been held too long and I
think there is a question about what
does it mean to receive information
that's confidential that you can't use I
think that the information was given to
a member of the House of Representatives
who then turned it over to Dianne
Feinstein she had said that she tried to
maintain confidentiality but what good
does the information do if the woman
won't come forward if we can't unveil
the information if it can't be shared
with anybody I don't know how it could
be helpful so I think this has been an
unfortunate situation all together I can
understand why maybe she was hesitant
maybe she did not understand what she
should do with confidential information
and while I'm not absolutely criticizing
her on that if I had that information I
think that I would have treated it
differently if I had any criticism at
all for Dianne Feinstein it was because
she apologized to Cavanaugh for
protesters who came to that hearing to
let people know that they were very
concerned about this nominee and that
they wanted the members of the
Democratic Party and the Judiciary
Committee to take him on and to force
the answers from him if I had any
criticism at all it would be about
basically apologizing for protesters
protesters are just following what the
Constitution allows us to do and that is
to speak up and to have a voice in this
democracy
well congresswoman Maxine Waters I know
you've been enjoying the Congressional
Black Caucus annual legislative
conference I've missing out on it so I
have fun me down there thank you so much
congresswoman have a great thank you so
much I'm sure I've been with you always
do it thank you very much and coming up
what Trump did this week that get this
even Republicans couldn't defend hey
thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
