we're back with breaking news at this
hour the Washington Post now reporting
the name of the woman who wrote that
confidential letter making sexual
assault allegations against Supreme
Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh she has
chosen to come forward and reveal her
identity
The Washington Post writing that she is
a professor at Palo Alto University her
name is Christine Blasi Ford she's
decided quote if her story is going to
be told she wants to be the one to tell
it I want to bring in former Nevada
state GOP chairwoman and meet Arcania an
independent journalist Ilona Mikulski
Jonathan alter is a columnist for The
Daily Beast in an MSNBC political
analyst and the former federal
prosecutor Barbara McQuade is still with
us now I know you're all just getting a
copy of this article which is pretty
long it's pretty extensive but I want to
point out just a couple of things so
that folks know what we're dealing with
here people will already know the
allegations that were reported she said
in the summer in the early 80s Kavanaugh
and a friend she describes them as both
stumbling drunk corralled her into a
bedroom during a gathering of teenagers
in a house in Montgomery County that she
was groped that they were attacking her
and now she says she's a 51 year old
research psychologist in Northern
California now she said quote I thought
he might inadvertently kill me he was
trying to attack me and remove my
clothing she said she could he was able
to escape when Cavanaugh's friend and a
classmate at Georgetown Preparatory
School jumped on top of them and all
three of them went tumbling and she ran
from the room barbara mcquade let me get
your reaction to this yeah I'm glad to
see her stepping forward because I think
it's easy to dismiss it if it's an
anonymous allegation now we know who it
is it's someone who sounds like has a
position of credibility and she can be
so-called cross-examined in public about
her allegations and I think it's a
serious allegation that deserves airing
I don't know that it means he's
unqualified but I've heard people say
well this happened so long ago it can't
be relevant you know if it were a murder
would we consider it relevant I think we
would this
like a serious allegation and I think it
should be fully vetted it should be
fully discussed in the public square and
you know in this day and age of the me2
movement I think it's a very significant
allegation hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
