we're also going to be talking just a
few minutes with the reporter who broke
this news today at Vanity Fair on a day
that was already a potential disaster
for the sitting president of the United
States in terms of his own exposure and
liability in the Russia scandal and the
investigation by the special counsels
office led by robert muller on a date
that was already a disaster for the
president Emily Jane Fox at Vanity Fair
added significant fuel to the fire with
her exclusive reporting tonight that
longtime Trump Organization executive
longtime personal lawyer to the
president Michael Cohen has not just
pled guilty to eight felony counts he
has not just named the president in
court under oath as the person who
directed him to commit two of those
felonies campaign finance violations
Emily Jane Fox reports tonight that
Michael Cohen in addition has begun
meeting with the special counsels office
himself when Michael Cohen pled guilty
to those eight felonies last month there
was no formal cooperation agreement with
prosecutors that was filed along with
his plea but this new reporting if
correct it indicates that Cohen is
cooperating he's talking with the
special counsel we're gonna be speaking
with Emily Jane Fox about that news in
just a moment but of course that news
comes at the worst possible time for
President Trump we have been reporting
for the last couple of days that there
were signs right and and and there were
anonymously source reports that the
president's campaign chairman was
himself starting to talk to prosecutors
about pleading guilty in federal court
rather than facing another extended
federal trial he was just convicted on
eight felonies last month in Virginia he
was facing another trial on more felony
counts starting next week in federal
court in Washington DC and you know
while the the president choosing this
now multiply convicted felon as his
campaign chairman is itself a pretty big
scandal as u.s. presidents go and while
there is certainly public interest in
the legal faith of the president's
campaign chairman how many felonies is
he going to go down for how long is he
going to spend in prison what are his
prospects for his appeal or for retrial
all the rest of it while there's a lot
of interest in all of that stuff clearly
the even larger stake here
in terms of the country and the
presidency is not just Paul manna for
its own fate and the fact that President
Trump chose him as his campaign chair
the the largest stake here is the
prospect that the president's own faith
the president's own liability might be
significantly jeopardized by what's
going on with mana for that mana Fortin
in an effort to try to lessen his own
jeopardy his own prison time might
finally decide to cooperate with a
special counsels office in their ongoing
investigation of Russian interference of
the presidential election and any
potential role in that interference by
the president and his campaign right
that's that's the big kahuna right and
it has always seemed very improbable
I mean campaign chairman for sitting
president pleads guilty to multiple
felonies huge deal campaign chairman for
sitting president pleads guilty to
multiple felonies and also agrees to
cooperate with prosecutors investigating
the president himself that has seemed
impossible that has seemed at least very
very improbable now that is what
happened and that is bigger than a huge
deal I mean lots of reporting recently
has wondered if a cooperation deal might
happen most observers have thought there
was there was no way no how that manna
fort would ever do this if there's one
thing Paul man of heart's not gonna do
he's not gonna cooperate he would have
done so by now if he was going to while
he is cooperating fully no holds barred
I personally almost can't believe it
even now even though I've got it in
writing we just got the transcript so I
know that it happened and now I can tell
you exactly how it happened word for
word ready okay courtroom deputy your
honor good morning this morning we have
case number 17 - 201 - 1 United States
of America versus Paul J Manafort jr. Mr
Man 4 is present in the courtroom well
counsel for the parties please approach
the lectern identify yourself for the
record mr. Weissman good morning your
honor Andrew Weissman for the government
and with me at counsel table is Greg
Andres Loren amah sure Kyle frame e
Jeanne re and FBI Special Agents Omar
Mizell and Jeff Weiland from the FBI the
judge all right good morning
mr. Wessling this is the defense side
good morning your honor
Richard Wessling Thomas Emily and Kevin
downing on behalf of mr. manna for good
morning
the judge says good morning and I note
that mr. mana Ford is present the judge
so I understand the defendant wishes to
enter a plea of guilty is that correct
mr. Wessling that's correct your honor
the judge all right before we can
proceed any further he can join you at
the lectern then the courtroom deputy
says are you Paul J Manafort jr. Paul
Manafort the defendant I am courtroom
deputy are you the person named in the
superseding information Paul Manafort
the defendant I am okay so this is
obviously the very start that starts
with the good mornings right and at this
very early point in the proceeding
everybody in it everybody there in the
courtroom knows at least one important
part of what's gonna happen right the
judge has said right off the back he's
here to plead guilty right yes yes your
honor and then the reason there is a
superseding information which is what
the courtroom deputy just asked there to
Paul Manafort superseding information I
know it's a weird phrase but what that
means is that the indictment laying out
the charges that man affort was about to
go on trial for next week that
indictment has now been replaced with a
superseding document a superseding
information in criminal information
instead of an indictment now and that's
what happens when prosecutors are
bringing charges against you but you're
not fighting those charges you're not
going to trial over them
you're gonna plead guilty so at this
point everybody in the courtroom knows
he's gonna plead guilty still a
cliffhanger at this point though all
right so the judge says so to get to the
questions that I need to ask you in
terms of your understanding this
morning's proceeding can you tell me how
old you are the defendant Paul Manafort
69 the judge and what is the highest
level of education that you attained
defendant Paul Manafort juris doctorate
the judge and so obviously you can read
and write all Manafort the defendant I'm
sorry the judge you can read and write
all mana for the defendant I can the
judge and where were you born sir Paul
Manafort
New Britain Connecticut the judge have
you taken any alcohol or drugs in the
last 48 hours I'll manapouri know the
judge or any medicine that could affect
your ability to understand what you're
doing by pleading guilty this morning
Paul
or no the judge have you ever received
any kind of treatment for any mental
illness or emotional disturbance Paul
Manafort
no the judge have you received a copy of
the information the new charges this
morning and the indictment that's
pending against you and have you fully
discussed the charges in the case in
general with your lawyers Paul Manafort
I have the judge are you completely
satisfied with the services of your
lawyers in this case Paul Manafort
I am the judge have you had enough time
to discuss with them and discuss the
case excuse me to talk with them and
discuss the case and the plea offer and
whether or not you should accept it
Paul Manafort I have so they go through
this preliminary stuff you're okay
you're up sound 9 you are who you say
you are the judge then asks the
prosecutor from Robert Miller's office
the lead prosecutor Andrew Weissman to
summarize the list of things to which
Paul Manafort is going to plead guilty
today to describe his crimes
the judge says mr. Weissman I would like
you to explain orally what he's pleading
guilty to and what this case would show
if it went to trial I'll tell you Andrew
Weissman then does you see all these
pages on screen here he goes on for 18
straight pages of transcript without
interruption I'm not going to read you
all 18 pages we'll save that for the
special you should know he goes on and
on and on and on to the part where the
judge is basically like okay wow that's
a lot I mean from page 16 boysson says
let me start with the first one which is
the foreign agent Registration Act
conspiracy from page 27 he says let me
speak briefly now about the conspiracy
to obstruct justice the false and
misleading submissions to the Department
of Justice page 29 let me turn to the
money laundering conspiracy page 30
turning to the tax in foreign bank
account conspiracy
page 32 turning through the witness
tampering conspiracy just goes on and on
and on finally the prosecutor stops
talking after going on for 18 straight
straight pages telling the judge at the
end of his remarks basically he says
yeah there's more in the statement of
the offense here I could go on but it's
all there in writing at which point the
judge exhales and says all right thank
you
attorney
the fence to the defense the judge says
mister Wessling and mr. manna fort
quote i believe it's fair to say that
that's probably the longest and most
detailed summary that has ever preceded
this question but is what the prosecutor
just said a true and accurate
description of what you did in this case
the defendant Paul man Paul Manafort I
did it is the judge
so did you in fact participate in
coordinate and public relations and
lobbying efforts in the United States on
behalf of the Ukrainian government and
Ukrainian government officials and/or
political parties Paul Manafort
I did the judge and as part of that did
you conspire in fact with other people
to avoid US tax laws foreign bank
account disclosure laws laws requiring
registration as a foreign agent and to
violate the money laundering statute and
to make false statements to the
Department of Justice in 2016 in
conjunction with that lobbying work in
the United States Paul Manafort I did
the judge and did you also in fact
conspire with at least one other person
to obstruct justice by tampering with
witnesses concerning the fair
allegations in 2018 Paul Manafort
I did so after 18 pages of laying it out
by the prosecutor the judge sums it up
and Paul Manafort admits to the court
admits to the judge I did I did these
things and now he has to admit what he's
going to give up because he's pleading
guilty the judge says quote you're
agreeing to plead guilty to two counts
of conspiracy against the United States
do you understand that if I accept your
guilty plea in this case you could
receive a maximum sentence of up to five
years in prison on each count Paul
Manafort I do the judge and do you also
understand that for each count you could
be sentenced to pay a fine of up to 250
thousand dollars for each do you
understand that Paul Manafort I do the
judge there are a significant number of
forfeiture allegations in this case and
without going into too much detail I
want to make sure mr. mana for it that
you understand that as a result of this
plea agreement you are also agreeing to
the forfeiture of a considerable amount
of property do you understand that that
includes 377 Union Street Paul Manafort
I do it also includes the real property
at 29 Howard Street apartment 4d I do do
you understand that includes the jobs
Lane house in New York I do
and funds held in an account at the
Federal Savings Bank I do and fun seized
from an account at Capital One I do and
fun seized from another account at the
Federal Savings Bank I do an insurance
policy with Northwestern Mutual I do and
real property at Baxter Street in New
York I do and also real property at
Fifth Avenue in New York I do
he's forfeiting all of those things bank
accounts insurance policies lots and
lots of real estate to the government
the government alleges that he defrauded
the government of fifteen million
dollars and money that he didn't pay
taxes on part of making that up clearly
is handing over his ill-gotten gains and
the things he committed crimes in order
to attain as real estate but that last
question there from the judge real
property at Baxter Street in New York
and also real property at Fifth Avenue
in New York that's the last one she asks
at that point that's actually the first
reference to President Trump because the
Fifth Avenue property that Paul Manafort
agreed in court today to forfeit to the
government that is Paul manna Ford's
apartment at Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue
you might remember that Paul Manafort
used the fact that he had an apartment
at Trump Tower as one of these selling
points for himself in his letter to the
Trump campaign in which he pitched
himself for the campaign chairman job
well now the Justice Department owns
Paul Manafort sold apartment in Trump
Tower which has to be a little
unsettling for the president I'd imagine
but then this very next part of the
hearing is the part that is probably
what the president didn't expect and
definitely what the president didn't
want to hear this is really the the boom
in today's news the judge quote no do
you also understand that pursuant to
this plea agreement you are agreeing to
cooperate fully and truthfully with the
investigation being conducted by the
Office of Special Counsel including
participating in interviews and
debriefings producing any documents in
your control and testifying and agreeing
to delays of your sentencing at the
request of the government do you
understand that Paul Manafort I do the
judge and these obligations under the
agreement will continue even after your
sentencing here and in the Eastern
District of Virginia do you understand
that manna fort I do
and I believe in the agreement it says
you waive your right to have your
counsel present for every interview and
debriefing is that also correct Paul
Manafort that's correct so that's the
boom here that is the unexpected news
today I mean him pleading guilty which
he does a short while later in the
transcript the judge says are you
prepared to tell me now whether you wish
to plead guilty or whether you wish to
go to trial mana Ford says I am the
judge says them what is your decision
Manafort says I plead guilty he pleads
guilty we knew that from the moment
proceedings opened this morning when the
judge flat-out said you're here to plead
guilty right we knew he was gonna plead
guilty from the moment he walked in the
door we did not know he would agree to
cooperate now based on the plea
agreement based on the back-and-forth
with the judge today from which we just
got this transcript it appears that Paul
Mann affords cooperation agreement is
the full monty he agrees to be fully
debriefed and to attend all meetings at
which his presence is requested he
agrees to give the government all
documents and other material that may be
relevant to the investigation he agrees
to participate in undercover activities
mm-hmm
not sure how that's gonna work now hi my
name is Moll Panna Forte's could you
speak into my lapel please no I don't
know why I seem familiar to you you can
trust me friend yeah oh man of war it's
not going undercover anytime soon with
or without the hair dye he also agrees
to testify at any proceeding which means
both trial or at grand juries and this
one's interesting to me he agrees to be
interviewed by law enforcement agents
and/or government attorneys and he
waives any right to have counsel during
these interviews unless he submits the
request in writing beforehand so the
judge singled this part out to ask him
about you know you can't have your
lawyers there when you're talking to the
investigators here right Paul Manafort
as part of this agreement we'll have to
talk to investigators and prosecutors
about anything they want without his own
lawyers present unless he gets written
permission in advance to have him there
I am intrigued by that I'm also
intrigued by this confirmation from the
judge today that after this guilty plea
and this cooperation agreement Paul
Manafort was sent back to jail today
and he will stay in jail until he is
sentenced
and presumably he will not be sentenced
until his cooperation is over to the
satisfaction of the special counsels
office so if you think about what's
gonna happen to Paul Manafort from here
on out he's gonna go from court today
back to jail today potentially to stay
there for a very long time I mean could
that be years why he continues to
cooperate with the special counsel and
then after the end of his cooperation
then he will be sentenced for eight
felonies in Virginia and these two more
in DC up to a maximum of 10 years in
federal prison and thereafter the judge
spells out that his cooperation
responsibilities with the government
will continue even after he is sentenced
did I mention that this is the
president's campaign chairman we're
talking about here so here's a few
things to know prosecutors say that Paul
Manafort gave his first proffer his
first offer of information so his first
cooperation on Tuesday of this week so
he's been cooperating already for four
days prosecutors spelled out that one of
the things he pled guilty to today was a
foreign-funded
illegal and somewhat bizarre effort a
few years ago to smear an obama cabinet
official as an anti-semite for not
supporting Paul manna Forte's client in
Ukraine Viktor Yanukovych that was
spelled out in detail not only in the
written statement of the offence but
also in the verbal presentation by
prosecutors today and it seems clear
from the context even though they never
said her name that the cabinet official
Paul Manafort was organizing this effort
to smear to promote pro-russian interest
back in 2012 was then Secretary of State
Hillary Rodham Clinton so if this man
affort plea and his cooperation ends up
linking back to a later foreign-funded
illegal bizarre effort to smear Hillary
Clinton for pro-russian interests not in
2012 but in 2015 and 2016 when she was
running for president against Donald
Trump then this is probably the first
sign of it in Manta Forte's guilty plea
today he pleads guilty to operating as
an illegal unregistered foreign agent
running a scheme
in this country to try to smear Hillary
Clinton unfairly for not properly
aligning herself with the pro-russian
interests he was working for can't
imagine there might be any parallels
with that that we're gonna hear of down
the line right this is the eighth person
convicted or pleading guilty and Robert
Miller's investigation of Russian
interference in the election robert
muller is now batting a thousand
in terms of convictions and guilty pleas
from everybody who he has pursued in
court he's also now batting a thousand
in terms of securing cooperation from
every single American who has been
charged in this case including the
president's national security adviser
the president's deputy campaign chair
and now the president's campaign
chairman who himself has decade's worth
of links to the former Soviet Union and
whose business partner is believed by
the FBI to be himself linked to Russian
intelligence agencies half the world
watching this is now expecting a pardon
for Paul Manafort from the president
like maybe as soon as tonight
right half the world expects that party
half the world thinks that would be nuts
and there's no way but honestly what
what counts as too improbable anymore
hey there are Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
