well Paul man affords guilty plea today
might be the single worst development in
Donald Trump's life and it might be the
single worst development in Donald Trump
juniors life because Paul Manafort was
in the room with Donald Trump jr. in
Trump Tower during the presidential
campaign meeting that Donald Trump jr.
arranged with a group of Russians who
promised dirt on Hillary Clinton Paul
Manafort has promised to tell special
prosecutor Robert Muller every single
thing that happened in that room every
word that Paul Manafort can remember was
said in that room and what Paul Manafort
remembers might lead to the first
federal criminal prosecution of the son
of a president of the United States Paul
Manafort could be the key witness in a
case that would be entitled the United
States of America versus Donald Trump
jr. and president Trump could once again
be identified as an unindicted
co-conspirator in such a case if Paul
Manafort and others can testify credibly
that presidential candidate Donald Trump
knew about that meeting and was a
participant in a conspiracy to obtain
dirt on Hillary Clinton from Russians
and so the big news of the day for
anyone named Donald Trump is that Robert
Muller has a new witness a big new
witness and that is even bigger news
than that witness saying in court today
I plead guilty Paul Manafort spent this
week telling the special prosecutors
team everything he knows about every
crime he has committed or every crime he
knows about some what Paul man affords
crimes were described in court today by
Andrew Weissman of the special counsels
office but prosecutor Weisman was
careful to point out that nothing that
he publicly described in court today
includes anything that Paul Manafort has
told the special prosecutor in his first
week of cooperation with the special
prosecutor so there is a lot lot more to
come from Paul Manafort and we know that
the special prosecutor reached this plea
bargain agreement with Paul Manafort
today because Paul Manafort has already
provided and will continue to provide
valuable information to the special
prosecutor the moment that officially
changed Donald Trump and Donald Trump
juniors lives came after Andrew Weissman
outlined the crimes that Paul Manafort
contestant confessed to this week
conspiracy conspiracy obstruction of
justice conspiracy against the United
States
judge Amy Berman Jackson said to Paul
Manafort
so are you prepared to tell me now
whether you wish to plead guilty or
whether you wish to go to trial and Paul
Manafort said I am and the judge said
and what is your decision and Paul
Manafort said I plead guilty
and with that every member of the Trump
campaign team who has been charged by
Robert Muller has now pleaded guilty
every single one of them Robert Muller
and his team are undefeated against the
Trump team and everyone in the Trump
team who was ever in a room with Paul
Manafort or on the phone with Paul
Manafort or sent an email to Paul
Manafort
or received an email from Paul Manafort
has to try to fall asleep tonight
wondering who's next who will Paul
Manafort hand over to Robert Miller
leading off our discussion now Jill wine
banks former assistant Watergate special
prosecutor and an MSNBC legal
contributor and also joining us is
former federal prosecutor Glenn Kirchner
and Jill as Rachel mentioned at the top
there were a couple of ways for this to
go today there wasn't a lot of suspense
left in whether he was going to plead
guilty but he could have just walked in
there and pleaded guilty could have just
done that and sat back and hoped and
waited for his pardon but he didn't he
went all the way over the line and is
now on Team Muller and you know what
that says to me that says how
untrustworthy Donald Trump is that his
campaign adviser his campaign chief
couldn't rely on him for a pardon and
had to take the chance of going with
full disclosure to the prosecutor and
cooperating that's what it says to me
and it's a big break because he's
someone who was in at least several key
meetings including of course the June
meeting and Trump Tower which has been
there
much a focus of the investigation and
could be part of the conspiracy to work
with Russia on the campaign to affect
the outcome of the election and so it's
a very important time for Muller and as
you pointed out it is 100% win for
Muller and zero for Team Trump a Glenn
Kirchner your perspective on what we saw
in court today so Lawrence I think it's
a hugely consequential turn of events
for both the Muller investigation and
for the president and his administration
when I got a hold of a copy of the plea
agreement in the mana Ford case earlier
today I was looking for one phrase and I
found it on page two paragraph through
three and let me just read the legalese
and then talk about what it actually
means it says that no other charges will
be brought against the defendant Paul
Manafort for his heretofore disclosed
participation in criminal activity in
layman's terms Lawrence what that means
is the following when we meet with a
defendant who is an aspiring cooperating
witness we interview them over and over
and over again and we frankly try to
ring dry every drop of information that
the cooperator has about the criminal
conduct of others but equally important
the criminal conduct of mr. Mann afford
himself because the last thing we want
as I was a career prosecutor the last
thing a prosecutor wants is for there to
be any surprises about the crimes a
cooperator committed before we make the
decision to bring them on board as a
cooperating witness and there's a
benefit to the cooperator when he sits
down with the prosecutors and provides
all that information about his own
criminal conduct we put a term like this
in his plea agreement and it says as
long as you've told us about other
crimes you've committed you get a pass
you basically get immunity because we
rolled it into today's plea agreement so
what that means is he could have sat
down and provided all sorts of
information about him mr. Mann afford
personally
with russians to undermine the election
coordinating that with the president
with Don Jr with Jared Kushner with
others I'm not saying he did that we
have to wait and see but if he provided
that information that is probably what
prompted robert muller after the many
meetings that they had which we learned
about in today's hearing robert muller
to say you know what mister man afford
you brought enough value to the process
as a cooperator that we are going to
give you a plea agreement even after
you've been convicted in one of your
criminal cases lawrence that leads me to
conclude Paul Manafort must have
blockbuster information he's provided it
to the Special Counsel and now we have
to wait for the next very large shoe to
drop
yeah and Jill to that point in general
terms certainly and in all these kinds
of agreements that I've ever seen and
witnessed in court the person the the
thing of value that they tend to be
giving over is someone bigger than
themselves it's someone above them in
the chain of command of whatever
enterprise they're in it's it's up so
it's it is of value still to hand over
material on people who are kind of below
you in that target list by prosecutors
but to Glenn's point given how good a
deal as you could describe it how good a
deal this is for Paul Manafort at this
stage given how clearly guilty he is you
certainly get the feeling that something
large has been handed over to Robert
Muller this week I think we can assume
that that is true that it would either
be Jared Kushner or Donald Trump jr. or
the President himself there is of course
I want a caution there is the
possibility that it was just I'm willing
to take responsibility I'm willing to
plead guilty to my own crimes I don't
want to pay for a defense I don't want
to make the government pay for the
prosecution and I'm just giving up I'm
he's for footing for fitting almost all
of his
that's his real estate his bank accounts
so he may just feel like well that's
what I'm doing and there may be nothing
more but given the language that was
used in court
in terms of the plea agreement itself I
agree with Glenn that it is very likely
that he has told them quite a great deal
and Glenn is right you wouldn't take a
plea agreement unless you had had a
proffer of all the evidence that the
witness has before you would agree to it
so I think we can look forward to many
weeks and months of disclosures and new
indictments that may be the result of
this and to the investigations that will
follow up on the details that he
provided to them in the proffer leading
up to the plea agreement let's listen to
some of the spin that Rudy Giuliani
offered on Fox News tonight and then we
will analyze what he had to say after we
listen to this the plea is two crimes
that have to do with metaphors past no
involvement with President Trump no
involvement with the campaign no
involvement with Russia and by the way
there's also no evidence of obstruction
there have been four guilty pleas now
and they're completely irrelevant plan
your reaction to that
you know Lawrence I've heard this over
and over again from either the President
himself or Sarah Huckabee Sanders or mr.
Giuliani they keep complaining and
protesting with each guilty plea that's
obtained with each conviction that's
obtained they complain that that
conviction that guilty plea doesn't
prove Russian collusion and you know I
can envision the three of them sitting
in a movie theater and every time they
watch another trailer a preview of
coming attractions they sit there and
they complain that this is not the movie
this is not the movie we all know this
is not the movie we all know these cases
that have been brought thus far by mr.
Muller are not the Russian collusion
cases but guess what the movies coming
and the movie will be when mr. Muller
makes that decision whether to issue a
report
ultimately will be released to Congress
about his findings or drop a great big
conspiracy indictment on everybody who
may have participated in a conspiracy
with Russia to undermine our
presidential elections and obstructed by
perhaps covering it up that will be the
movie all of these other things are just
the previews of things to come and and
let's consider rudy giuliani's most
insane comment of the night to the fox
news audience and i don't know how much
of this they actually take as real but
rudy guiliani says he's hanging his head
in shame because the justice department
has found crimes and decided to
prosecute those crimes let's listen to
this my head hangs in shame for the
department that I gave 16 years of my
life to the Department of Justice have
to start ranking official in the
Department of Justice when I could
proudly say it was a Department of
Justice and the only thing that could be
done now is as relentless and
investigation of all these people as
they did to president from Jill your
reaction to that my reaction is that we
have seen a march to the truth we have
seen cases build upon cases and each
person who has pled guilty has been from
the Trump team and has said I committed
crimes one of them said in court under
oath that he committed a crime at the
direction of the President himself you
can't get any better than that and the
fact that all of these people have pled
guilty shows how carefully Muller has
proceeded and how he has developed the
evidence all you have to do is read the
information that man afford pled guilty
to today it is a detailed layout of all
of the things that he did all the
conversations he had all the illegal
transfers of money he had Muller has
facts and just like Paula Duncan
concluded in the first Manafort trial
although she is a loyal trump supporter
and although she said the investigation
is a hoax and a witch-hunt she said but
the
against man afford was real those were
facts and I voted to convict him on 18
counts and I'm hoping that the American
people will start to see the facts one
smaller either issues an indictment that
names higher-ups or issues a report that
names them and spells out in detail what
they have done wrong that's when people
will start to see the truth and will
turn their opinion and vote in the way
that they should
against the Trump team who has committed
these crimes and Rudy Giuliani in the
Trump team always seem to forget that
Michael Flynn actually pleaded guilty to
committing crimes in the White House
while in the Trump administration Jill
wine banks Glenn Kirchner thank you both
for starting off our discussion tonight
thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
