you confirmed three times in a row and
this is your fourth time and you should
be confirmed here
never once will you attacked like this
by anybody and I know you and the people
who know you the best that involves
hundreds of people think the world of
you and Orrin Hatch thinks the world of
Brett Kavanaugh today Republican senator
Orrin Hatch issued this statement I do
not intend to allow Judge Cavanaugh's
confirmation to be stalled because of an
eleventh-hour accusation that Democrats
did not see fit to raise over for over a
month the claims are wholly unverifiable
and come at the tail end of a process
that was already marred by ugly innuendo
dishonesty and the nastiest form of our
politics the American people deserve
much better from the Senate as an
institution and that is essentially the
same defense that Orrin Hatch offered
for Clarence Thomas who faced
accusations from Anita Hill after after
his confirmation hearing was over but
because there are no time limits on how
long the confirmation process can take
the Senate Judiciary Committee then
reopened the Clarence Thomas hearings
and heard from Anita Hill after which
Clarence Thomas was then confirmed by
the Senate 52 to 48 and before Anita
Hill testified Clarence Thomas was
probably on his way to getting at least
80 votes in favor of his confirmation in
the Senate the Senate Judiciary
Committee has the same option now as it
did for Clarence Thomas the committee
can slow down the process and reopen the
confirmation hearing if judge Kavanagh
his accuser changes her mind and is
willing to reveal herself publicly and
testify about what she said in a
confidential letter to a member of
Congress about what Brett Kavanaugh did
to her when they were both in high
school in New York Times and The New
Yorker revealed more of the details
about that letter today writing in The
New Yorker running fair
and Jane mayor report in the letter the
woman alleged that during an encounter
at a party Cavanaugh held her down and
that he attempted to force himself on
her
she claimed in the letter that Cavanaugh
and a classmate of his both of whom had
been drinking turned up music that was
playing in the room to conceal the sound
of her protests and that Cavanaugh
covered her mouth with his hand she was
able to free herself in recent months
the woman had told friends that
Cavanaugh's nomination had revived the
pain of the memory and that she was
grappling with whether to go public with
her story she contacted her
congresswoman and a su a Democrat
sending her a letter describing her
allegation California congresswoman and
su then passed that letter along to
California's seniors Senator Dianne
Feinstein the senior Democrat on the
Senate Judiciary Committee The New
Yorker reports that the woman considered
speaking publicly about her experience
with Brett Kavanaugh but quote after the
interactions with issues and Feinstein's
offices the woman decided not to speak
about the matter publicly Republican
senator Susan Collins had a
pre-scheduled on her along a telephone
discussion with Brett Kavanaugh today
but Senator Collins made no comment no
public comment about that discussion or
about the new accusation against judge
Kavanaugh so what will the Judiciary
Committee do next after this break we
will be joined by Jill wine banks and
Lisa graves who is the former chief
counsel for nominations on the
Democratic staff of the Senate Judiciary
Committee
Cavanagh clamped a hand over her mouth
and held her down and attempted to force
himself on her she did escape but she
said in her communications and her
letter to these individuals on the hill
that this was a traumatic incident so
much so that she had to seek
psychological treatment for it during
our discussion now Lisa graves former
chief counsel for nominations for the
Democratic side of the Senate Judiciary
Committee she was a deputy assistant
attorney general and the Department of
Justice and Jill wine banks is back with
us and Lisa no one knows more about this
process than you do
what happens next in the Senate
Judiciary Committee well there's nothing
stopping senator grassley from reopening
the hearings from having additional
hearings or providing more time as you
point out there's no rule that requires
this process to go so fast and in fact I
know that with all these claims of this
is an eleventh-hour allegation the fact
is that Brett Kavanaugh was nominated
only on July 10th it's it was less than
60 days before his hearings began and
they've been quite rushed given the very
many controversies in the in his
background and so the Senate could have
a closed session with the Senate
Judiciary Committee to consider this
further there could be time for this
victim to come forward or other victims
to come forward and there should be
actually more time for the entire nation
to learn more about Brett Kavanaugh
certainly we know that numerous
documents that the Senate Democrats have
requested have not been provided and the
documents thus far show that he's been
untruthful even though he testified
under oath about several matters to the
Senate over the course of 2004 2006 and
now and so I think there's more than
enough reason to slow down and in fact
stop stop this process for moving
forward and Jill it is so extraordinary
I mean Lisa points out that you can find
things in Brett Kavanaugh testimony that
are simply not true and some people are
calling them lies I'm not sure what else
you called them but when you when when
you have a nominee whose credibility has
already been very successfully
challenged as a truth teller in that
hearing and today he issues a statement
denying these accusations he's issuing
that state
and after a confirmation hearing has
significantly weakened his credibility
yes I agree with everything Lisa said
and with what you said and I appreciate
your saying that there is no rule that
forces this to go forward we need to
have a full investigation we need to
hold off a vote in the Senate until
there is time for a full exploration of
this if he is innocent we need to see
that if he's guilty we need to see that
and the fact about the memos that were
stolen from the Democrats that he says
oh I didn't know that doesn't ring true
to me so there are a lot of issues
besides this one that have been sort of
shuffled under the rug and that need to
be explored I would urge this woman I
know how hard it must be to come forward
but I really hope you will I'm pleading
with you to come forward and speak out
on this because there is so much at
stake the times are different now the
me2 movement has made you able to be
heard and believed in a way that Anita
Hill didn't have a chance for so please
come forward
and let us hear the whole story of this
I also think it raises the issue of the
time that he clerked he Cavanaugh
clerked for Kaczynski who left the bench
because of sexual misconduct in his
chambers and we need to know more about
what Cavanaugh knew I know he's denied
that he knew anything but the knowledge
was everywhere people knew about it how
could he not have known and if he did
know why did he do nothing I think there
are a lot of questions that need
answering before the Senate votes on
this and Lisa there is criticism
developing on both the Democratic side
and on the Republican side about how
senator Feinstein has handled her end of
it given what we know about it what is
your view of how senator Feinstein has
handled this well I have to say that
this is almost the definition of being
between a rock and a hard place
you have a victim who has come forward
who has asked for information not to be
shared and of course it's necessary to
honor her request for confidentiality
yet you have this very significant
allegation that bears on the the ability
of this man the the appropriateness of
this man to be appointed to the United
States Supreme Court and we know through
history with Anita Hill that we that we
have someone who is on the Supreme Court
in which there were credible allegations
of his sexual misconduct of sexual
harassment and I think that Indian has
certainly been vindicated over the
course of time and yet we're still we
still have Justice Thomas on the court
and so these are very serious matters
which is exactly why as Jill said
there's no need to rush forward we need
to get to the bottom of this and the
other matters quite frankly you know it
was a digital Watergate what happened in
the Senate with the Senate's own files
being taken and stolen and then given in
many instances to Brett Kavanaugh and I
do believe that he lied about what he
knew and when he knew it and I believe
it's quite clear to me based on that
episode and many more in terms of his
answers in 2004 in 2006 that he lied
under oath and that's one of the most
serious things that can be alleged about
a judge because the most important thing
for a judge in this country in any
country is that they be honest about the
facts and the law and we have a man here
who I think has demonstrated over and
over again that he's not honest about
the facts of the law and the fact is is
that you can't just be someone who can
cite cases off the top of your head that
doesn't make you a good judge what makes
you a good judges that you're fair and
honest and you're honest not just about
the law but about the facts and I don't
think Brett Kavanaugh has been honest by
the facts and I think it's important to
believe a woman who comes forward under
these circumstances even if her identity
is confidential Lisa if you still had
your old job at the Judiciary Committee
I am sure at some point in the last few
weeks it would have fallen to you to
have a conversation somehow with this
woman what would you tell her I would
tell her what Jill told her which is
that it's so important to come forward
if you can possibly come forward
certainly she would be attacked senator
grassley was also there at the time and
he also attacked Anita Hill just like
Orrin Hatch but there's so many more
women who have come forward who would
stand beside her who would defend her
against the scurrilous attacks of
Republicans who've already been lining
up with it
tax on her her character is her you know
her own possession and I know that she
would be surrounded by millions of other
woman women who would stand by her
Lisa graves and Jill wine banks thank
you very much for joining us in this
important discussion I'd appreciate it
thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
