Moron Madoff works cooperation means and
where the molar probe goes next I'm
joined by Democratic congressman Eric's
wawel member of both the House
Intelligence and Judiciary Committees
your reaction to the president's
campaign chairman pleading guilty and
agreeing to cooperate
good evening Chris the jig is up you
know this nonsense that there's nothing
to see here this is a witch-hunt
well now the Trump team is Oh for Muller
and as Muller continues to zero in on
the president's family businesses
campaign I think the best thing the
president can do Chris is to just be
straight with the American people and
certainly be straight with the
investigation because he now has a
bankrupt credibility and so that
credibility affects not just the Russian
investigation but his ability to lead in
a storm his ability to address health
care issues in America his ability to
address the economy and so the more he
refuses to sit down with the Moller team
as they obtain more guilty pleas and
send more people to jail I think that
affects Donald Trump's ability to lead
our country did this development as
someone who has been on a committee
investigating this is this development
today surprised you know no but what I
hope we can obtain from this as well and
I hope the mother team is able to learn
is not just Paul manna for its
relationship with Donald Trump and what
he knows of Donald Trump's knowledge at
the time as to what the Russian
intentions were and what Donald Trump
gave as far as orders but also how the
Russian intelligence network works
because it's clear that Paul Manafort
was close to Russian intelligence
officers based on other people who have
been indicted and other press reporting
so we could really color in I think some
gaps in understanding of you know how
the Russians work if Paul Manafort is
able to cooperate you know it was
striking to me that the the Konstantin
column Nick who is the man afford sort
of deputy and associate in Ukraine the
one he famously emailed and said has
Oleg Deripaska seen this how do we use
to make hole he's suspected of being a
Russian intelligence asset he reportedly
fled to Russia earlier this year from
Ukraine he shows up a lot in the
information presented by Muller's team
in court today as a fairly central
figure and also a central figure in the
witness tampering
that Matta Ford actually pleaded to
today
that's right and he's an individual that
in our investigation we certainly would
like to explore further we also wanted
Paul Manafort to come in we wanted to at
least send the subpoena to him and let
him refuse because he did testify to the
Senate Intelligence Committee but the
Republicans in our investigation refused
to do that so again I I believe that
there really is an opportunity to learn
more about you know what the Russians
were doing and also one fact not to be
missed
Paul Manafort worked for free that's
pretty unusual at that high of a level
of a campaign and that suggests to me
that he had other intentions final
question does does this increase the
odds of the president doing something
potentially constitutionally damaging or
crisis inducing down the stretch here
particularly in the lame-duck session
well we have of course seven weeks until
the midterms and I think because of
these guilty pleas because the
Republicans have been unwilling to check
the president and the obstruction runs
rampant he's going to be checked at the
ballot box and so they may be able to do
that in the short term and he's able to
do that in the short term but he will
not be able to avoid all of the
investigations that the Republicans were
unwilling to conduct in the first two
years of his presidency
all right Congressman Eric's wall well
thanks your time my pleasure
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
