the news tonight is a true rarity in
politics and in law a man who ran the
current president's campaign marched
into court today pled guilty to two
federal counts and then made a deal to
cooperate with Special Counsel Bob
Muller this is the highest-ranking Trump
political aide to plead guilty in this
very much still active Pro in fact you
can't get higher on the campaign because
he was running it for a period of time
and this high-stakes legal and political
move comes after of course months of
resistance consider how mana forts world
shrunk to that cell that he was
inhabiting in pretrial detention based
on his illegal resistance in the form of
witness tampering well today that
resistance stopped that tampering
stopped those games stopped mana for
pleading guilty just days before he was
gonna face his second federal trial at
the hands of Bob Miller and his
aggressive prosecutors a note this deal
comes after weeks of hints from Trump
that he was thinking about some kind of
deal or pardoned on his side and even
publicly praising Paul Manafort for not
being a flipper that has been made
untrue today mana fort flippin
prosecutors can now ask him anything
they want so right now before we get to
some very talented experts on all of
this breaking news I want to go through
the facts with you tonight and the judge
asked Manta Ford in court today how do
you plead he answered as many a
defendant has very simply quote I plead
guilty his deal orders him in writing to
cooperate fully truthfully completely
and forthrightly with the government
that's Muller in any and all matters
that the government that's Muller deems
relevant which means he can be
interviewed about his participation his
knowledge of all criminal activities
those documents that we've seen them
fight over in many cases well that ends
now that fighting he has to turn over
all the documents he can even
potentially have to participate in
undercover activities we don't know if
he would according to Muller's orders
but he has to agree to and he has to and
this is a big one take a look testify at
any proceeding Bob Muller orders that
could include grand juries it could
include Oh
in court so while the White House is
rushing out to say that these crimes
that metaphor confesses to were not
related to Trump that's their argument
that may not mean anything it may not be
true and it's gonna be up to under the
law now Paul Manafort to tell Miller's
team anything they want to know which
can include of course his work for the
Trump campaign or anything that involves
Trump before and after so that of course
goes into the strike zone of this whole
probe what did happen inside that Trump
Tower meeting why did the RNC
mysteriously change language to help
Putin on Ukraine at that RNC convention
what other contacts were there with
Russians or their cutouts and anything
else about the ties between Donald
Trump's campaign and Russia are there
any ties between mr. Trump you or your
campaign and Putin and his regime know
if there are not that's absurd Manta for
tonight is back in jail before what will
ultimately be sentencing for all of this
now he faces a decade in prison for
those two crimes he confessed to today
plus separate time for the conviction in
Virginia
Mueller's team was in a celebratory mood
as they filed into the courtroom today
they were led by Andrew Weissman he is
the one you may have heard about on this
very show because Trump allies have
warned that he is ruthless with
defendants and that he virtually always
wins
well we're seeing that tonight now Manta
Ford has to forfeit several of his very
luxurious properties that includes homes
in Brooklyn Manhattan and the Hamptons
but perhaps most importantly to many
people it will include his infamous
apartment in Trump Tower itself that of
course that residence was part of Paul
mana Ford's pitch to Trump that he
should be hired as a volunteer
quote/unquote on the campaign tonight
Paul Manafort joins a new group a group
of people who have been Trump aids
who've gone on to plead guilty at the
hands of the federal government let's
get right to a very important panel we
put together for this very important
news night former council the mayor of
New York City Maya Wiley who's also
served as a civil prosecutor in the
Southern District which is so relevant
to these issues David corn Washington
bureau chief for Mother Jones as well as
two former federal prosecutors Seth
Waxman and Patrick Carter who prosecuted
mob boss Joe
gadi my thanks to all of you this is one
of those days Maya when you look at what
Bob Miller got here is there anything he
wanted that he didn't get out of mana
Ford or is this a complete fold this is
a complete fold you can't read it any
other way and I keep I thought about you
tonight Ari and I thought about Vince
staples
it's about hot as 6500 degrees in the
White House right now as a result of
this
so all if you look at what happened if
he Paul Manafort had said before that he
didn't want to cooperate where Donald
Trump was concerned and now here he is
fully cooperating wherever
Muller's questions take him and into any
venue that Muller wants to take him that
is huge and remember it's both the Trump
Tower meeting it's also the fact that he
Muller said in the Virginia filings that
he thought that there were reasons to
want to know about creating a back
channel to Russia that was explicit and
that's something we know he's got to be
talking to man afford about and another
thing to just remember he didn't agree
to give mana for a cooperation agreement
unless he had heard sufficiently enough
from Manafort to make it worth his while
well that's that's very important what
you say there and Patrick you were
analyzing this earlier today and saying
there is just a tremendous amount of
valuable information that changes today
that yesterday that information may have
been under Paul mana Forte's right as a
defendant to withhold and try to use
strategically as he prepares for trial
and today that all ultimately all
becomes basically Robert Moeller's
intellectual property explain Paul
Manafort was in the inner circle with
Trump during all the time period that
Muller is most interested in
so now Muller has that Paul Manafort was
chairman of the committee sorry the
campaign so he knows where the money
moved so Muller has all that and that
includes the money to Cohen that
includes the money to
mistress's etc mana fort was at the
famous Trump Tower meeting he knows who
knew about that meeting he knows who
talked about that meeting and he knew
knows who got reports about that meeting
Muller has all that man afford I also
think a huge contribution he makes to
Muller is that he is going to
corroborate a lot of what Flynn and
gates and Papadopoulos and other people
are going to say and have said that is
HUGE he has made every single witness
that Muller has stronger david korn well
you know I look at it but Paul Manafort
had a choice he had two guys he had to
decide who to trust
one was Donald Trump who couldn't be
more explicit in saying I will give you
a pardon if you don't rat me out I will
give you a pardon he sent that message
over and over again or Bob Muller who
said cooperate with me you'll probably
self you do time you have to give up
millions of dollars in your assets and
you'll have to cooperate and tell me
everything and he had to decide which
way to go and he ended up trusting Bob
Muller more than he trusts Donald Trump
so that's where he is today and in
addition to talking out the Trump Tower
meeting and campaign money issues he
knew that George papadopolis is trying
to set up a back channel between Putin's
office and the Trump campaign and we
know he was also good friends with Roger
stone and would have been Roger stones
point of contact if stone was involved
and I say if he was involved in any shoe
counter e to try to help the campaign
with or without the Russians so here's a
guy at the center of so much and I mean
we're all sitting here waiting for the
Trump tweets because this puts Trump
into even a what is it a deeper corner
how how far back can he be pushed well
Seth what message does this send to
anyone else who thinks they could stare
down Bob Muller and defy him and win and
they are thinking about giving up
they're thinking about where they're
gonna go and where they can get their
bread buttered and that's
Bob Muller you know for everyone else
that's sitting out there you know Roger
stone for example this is a bad day
obviously a very bad day for the
president you know my biggest takeaway
from this on in the broad spectrum of
what's going on from a prosecutor's
perspective is that Muller has been
climbing this ladder and he is reaching
the highest rungs of this ladder and I
think the next step for mr. Muller is to
target those very the closest to the
president that's Donald Trump jr. and
Jared Kushner who are participants in
that infamous Trump Tower meeting and
where maybe a part of this quid pro quo
this idea of accepting dirt on Clinton
in exchange for a future promise to
reduce or eliminate sanctions against
Russian oligarchs and Russian senior
officials if that illegal quid pro quo
took place you could have incredibly
serious federal charges that are brought
against Don jr. and Kushner if you get
those two under indictment you were on
the doorstep to the presidency so if I'm
the president I'm sitting very
uncomfortably tonight right and you're
zeroing in on on whether there was a
crime that was conspired or committed
through the Trump Tower meeting Seth and
so Maya that of course is an issue both
as an investigative side did that happen
and then as all fair prosecutors have to
do on a probative side which is do you
have enough to win the case in other
words you wouldn't necessarily as a
responsible prosecutor want to hang that
entire case against a senior person or a
presidential family member on only
George papadopolis are our proverbial
barista in this story but if he's a
barista Paul Manafort is Howard Schultz
no offense to our Schultz but he's
running all of Starbucks nationally I
mean he's in charge and so I put that to
you my and I'm reading here from the
agreement that says the defendant that's
mana for quote agrees to testify at any
proceeding requested by Muller where
does that fit into any case they might
ever want to prove regarding what
happened in the meeting yeah I am if
it's indirectly either the point being
that Manafort is a person who must have
salient information and in and he is now
obligated to provide it and he's also
someone who by the way has demonstrated
that he's going to obstruct justice so
you know the question becomes what did
he know about
also how they were obstructing justice
in terms of the conversations about that
meeting because as we know they lied
about why they were having that meeting
in the first place you know there's this
there is I completely agree with that
there's nowhere else for this to go but
to the next rung of that ladder and it
can't look good for anybody
plus I just think there's so much we
can't know about what else Robert Muller
knows about who else I'm not sure that
we know yet all the folks were going to
be implicated in this and now that mana
4 has to share that information well you
you just put your finger on something
that goes to the difference between
politics we're lying can be commonplace
and court where certain types of lies to
obstruct justice are themselves separate
felonies and David again reading we have
these rich new documents so I'm going to
keep reading from them it's the only
time the special counsels office ever
speaks is it's through these formal
documents they made a point here to get
him to plead David to a conspiracy
against the u.s. to quote to obstruct
justice by tampering with witnesses
while on pretrial release what do you
think of Bob Miller's repeated message
here that regardless of what Alan
Dershowitz or Rudy Giuliani says on TV
conspiracy to obstruct justice is a
felony
you know Robert Miller plays it hard he
you know he didn't blink in this case
he's willing to bring the second trial
to trial and he as Maya said he got
Manafort to completely fold so if you're
involved in this case and you haven't
come to that conclusion yet you're gonna
I think end up in a world of hurt and
one line of inquiry that we haven't seen
a lot of yet but which could be of could
be a threat to many of the participants
here including people who Seth was
referring to a moment ago is lying to
Congress a lot of these guys have come
up and given private testimony to the
congressional committees and if you have
manna far out there talking about what
really happened and if he can show as
other witnesses have tended to show that
some of these testimonies were not
accurate
and it opens up a whole nother realm
exposure for some of these very senior
people in the Trump Russian scandal
Patrick you have prosecuted the Mafia do
you see any parallels to how Muller has
slowly but surely made this progress
culminating in this conviction tonight
absolutely
this is classic climbing up the ladder
as Seth said at the top to get to the
top of the organization I think the fact
that he gets Muller is very analogous to
what happened with I'm sorry what he
gets mana for it is that it's very
analogous to what happened when we got
Gravano it led directly to bringing down
the boss and everybody else in the
family then realized that if Gravano can
be taken down if gaudi can be taken down
then what chance do we have and I think
that's what everybody else who was
involved in the Trump campaign and the
Russia connections has to be thinking to
themselves tonight
Patrick was money couldn't do it what
could we do my last question before I
lose you because you are a mafia
prosecutor you have seen tough people
and you could be tough in a good way or
a bad way in this world but you've seen
tough people who've had their minds
changed we know Paul Manafort saw
himself as very tough I mean he was out
in other countries where he knew he was
in physical danger he was dealing with
some very unsavory characters he came
back here and was still witness
tampering as a last bit do you have any
insight for our viewers who are trying
to understand this just as we all are
when and how was it that he went from
all of that to to this change that
culminates to tonight's news sure
there's tough and then there's stupid
you could be tough but you don't
necessarily have to be stupid he did the
math he saw what the government did to
him in Virginia he saw what was coming
and as tough as he was he figured it out
and as it was pointed out earlier he
decided he couldn't trust President
Trump so he decided to trust
Robert Muller right which is it's so
interesting you say that from your
experience dealing with some of these
hardened folks david korn saying and I
think from a journalistic perspective
but that is what hangs over all of this
especially with a White House that is as
shall we say inconsistent
this one about about whether Donald
Trump was gonna do what he intimated he
might do
hey I'm already Melvin from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
