when Hurricane Katrina struck the u.s.
in 2005 it was ranked as the costliest
natural disaster in US history in the
wake of the storm Katrina claimed more
than 1,800 lives and destroyed more than
800,000 housing units
David Mariela and his family lost their
home and everything they owned 20
kotrina
hit the gulf coast and David joins us
now he's Democratic candidate for one of
Mississippi's Senate seats trying to
unseat incumbent senator Roger wicker
thank you very much for joining us how
is the campaign going so it's going very
well everywhere we go we get a crowd
like this I mean it's it's wonderful
there is an enthusiasm gap that we have
on our side on the Democratic side of
the aisle for the first time in my adult
life and and I get this kind of
enthusiasm everywhere I go folks are
ready for change
in Mississippi for 30 years we've sent
the same group of people to Washington
and we get the same results and I think
Mississippians are finally ready to turn
the corner and make some changes so how
do you navigate President Trump in your
message well I heard secretary Mike SP
on your show a little bit earlier as he
said I'm not running against President
Trump I'm running against someone who
won't stand up to this president or his
leadership when they make bad decisions
that hurt Mississippians kept running
give us an example what's a bad decision
that he's made that hurts Mississippi
well the tariffs are bad for
Mississippians they're bad for soybean
farmers they're bad for our automobile
industry they're bad for our
shipbuilding industry down in Pascagoula
Jackson County where I came from and
professor glog came from as well it's
going to hurt us in Mississippi these
tariffs are already hurting us and
that's why they tried to bail out the
folks who are hurting from it do you
feel that you're getting much support
from the Democratic National Committee
well you know the Democratic National
Committee puts its money into the state
parties and so we're getting support
through the state parties they have
given money to our state party to hire
field personnel and to help help get
these folks energized and get them
registered and out
vote on November 6 that's the key we've
got to have a very big turnout amongst
Democrats in the state of Mississippi
and we feel like we're going to get that
because of this type of enthusiasm that
you see right here what are some of the
challenges that your campaign faces and
doesn't have anything to do with
President Trump like are there parts of
President Trump's message and the way he
leads that resonate with the people of
Mississippi well certainly there are I
mean you heard senator chris mcdaniel
talk about the wall which is a which is
a very 15th century idea i think next
will be i want to ask does that come
with a moat or does that cost extra we
have we have the ability to secure our
border without building a wall that cost
30 billion dollars we have a combination
of electronic security fences some some
walls and then of course armed security
on the border we don't need to do that
but a lot of people think that's a great
idea just because it sounds good
when you dig in a little bit when you
talk to people like these folks behind
us and you talk about what we would not
be able to fund if we put 30 billion
dollars into a wall then they start to
think about that decision and rethink it
professor Edward blog so first of all
let's give a shout out to Jackson County
all right I went to school with his
sisters is that white school together
great this is the South is changing at
least that's what we want that's what we
want hope demographically is changing
there are all these assumptions about
what we stand for what mrs. Alabama
Georgia Florida he's a Mississippi ready
or someone like you
I think Mississippi is ready for someone
like me and I can tell you you all know
my story
the hurricane prompted my entry into
politics a year I mean a month after
Hurricane Katrina and where we lost
everything we lost our oldest child and
when you have a double whammy like that
it knocks you to the ground and when we
my wife and I picked ourselves up we
decided we wanted to invest in our
community we want to turn outward and we
wanted to help our fellow Mississippians
so every day of the 11 years that I've
been in politics I have gotten up in the
morning and said being yourself be who
you are and don't try to sell out for
or for money or for anything else so
I've done that and people have responded
very well that's why I've been elected
three times in a district that votes 75%
Republican votes for our governor 75%
votes for Donald Trump 75% people
respond to authenticity and and the
issues that I talked about resonate with
most Mississippians not all I mean
there's a 30% 35% out there that's going
to stick with our president no matter
what he does but our issues and our
message is resonating with a lot of
Mississippians and and you we have an ad
an internet ad up right now I think we
have over 50,000 views and in something
like a week in which in Mississippi is
huge it might not be huge in New York
but a huge in Mississippi we've heard
David a bunch of people Democrats
today's look at Alabama in the race last
fall as an example of what a Democrat
could do in the south and doug jones but
wasn't that a case of doug jones running
against one of the worst candidates in
the history of politics and maybe
catching a break that way or do you
believe there's something transferable
and something happen in the south for
democrats right now well I think it's
both yeah you know judge Moore was an
awful candidate no question about that
but what happened in Alabama is
happening in Mississippi and that is and
I think that someone mentioned Latasha
brown earlier and and black the
organization of black women in Alabama
that's going on right now in Mississippi
but in addition to that the
n-double-a-cp is in our state working
very hard to register and energize the
African American voter base that there
are other groups that are working
including the DNC putting money into
Mississippi for the first time in a long
time so that we can hire a field
personnel and do that work and then my
campaign has done that work I've been
endorsed by the legislative black caucus
I serve in the Mississippi legislature I
have 42 endorsements of my colleagues
black and white I'm the elected minority
leader in the House of Representatives
all of my colleagues didn't just lend me
their names but they went back into
their districts and they worked to turn
out the vote for me in the primary and
in the runoff which I won by 18 points
so we built a network of folks who can
go out into their districts in their
areas that they represent and energize
people and get them to the polls in
November we feel it on the ground the
polls may not reflect
but you know speaking of poles my
opponent has gotten about 47% in any
poll in the last two years when you've
been in Washington for 24 years and you
can't break 50% there's a problem Roger
wicker is vulnerable are you all right
Roger wicker I've asked for a debate
several times but not only have I the
law school has asked for both law
schools have asked for debate the
Stennis press Institute the Mississippi
Bar Association crickets from Roger
wicker I asked him again today let's
debate Roger let's talk about the issues
of Florence's arrival the college
football world has also taken
precautions heading into this weekend
while also doing their part to pitch in
and help however they can well tell you
how next on Morning Joe thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
