Oxford Mississippi with a special
edition of Morning Joe ooh an Oxford
Mississippi why is Eddie cloud wearing a
Crimson Tide
he loves Alabama only the Lord knows we
got that on camera all right it's okay
I'm sorry
joining us now Republican candidate in
Mississippi special election the US
Senate State Senator Chris McDaniel
thank you very much thanks for being
with us so we just interviewed Haley
Barbour and I said the one thing is no
matter how disruptive Donald Trump spin
to the Republican Party there a couple
states yeah Mississippi and South
Carolina
where the GOP establishment still holds
firm yes and you would think normally
with your positions and your approach on
the campaign trail that Donald Trump
would endure shoot but he's not he's
endorsing your opponent and you got
Haley and everybody else lined up I'm
curious in 2018 right does that actually
help you at the end that the
establishments against you they've been
against me for some time that's the
thing you know we ran this race in 14
and everyone counted us out the
establishment spent a whole lot of money
to stop us and we were successful in so
many ways so we're accustomed to the
establishment standing against us we
don't see that as an issue our point is
this we are principled conservative so
we have been for some time our position
is we have to learn to fight our party
has not been the courageous party that I
grew up in look I cut my teeth with
Reagan before that I was a Goldwater guy
now granted I wasn't alive but goldang
was president but I thought his
philosophy especially as articulated in
the consciousness of the conservative is
one of the most beautiful things I'd
read and I went back to town so notice
his concept of what Republicans should
be my concern is my party has moved away
from those traditions and we're just
trying to reimpose those through
distance again we're trying to save the
platform the establishment does it seem
so inclined to save the platform they
seem to be inclined to work with a donor
class in a lobbying class anything for
the acquisition of power we're here to
stop the establishment of both fustian
passion so so this obviously give me a
really critical race just you can have a
split the Senate split right down the
middle
and then a runoff yes afterwards you
think you're gonna be in that runoff and
if so who do you think you're gonna be
running against that's a good question
there's no question I do believe I'll be
on the runoff you know if you look back
at 14 we're on the same path we were
thin and everybody counted us out a
month to go we're down 27 points I'm
told I'll get 15% tops but we knew the
mood of the people I'm not stuck in a
bubble like some in DC like some in
Jackson I'm out there among the counties
among the people we spent time in co-ops
and convenience stores we're talking to
people every day we know that what are
they telling him oh they're fired up
more angry now than they were in 14 they
feel like and I agree with this I think
Mitch McConnell is a big part of the
problem I think he's obstructing Trump's
agenda and he's utilizing that
obstruction to get his way with Trump
with endorsements and otherwise my
position is Mitch has to be replaced but
not not only Mitch I believe stronger
than me just a whole lot of new blood in
Washington DC so we found ourselves in
this very strange position we're trying
to implement change against a very
powerful system that's not really prone
to change it but I believe change is
necessary to save this country
so what issues are you we had a sort of
semi it wasn't a real focus group the
types of which Elyse runs but we had a
group get together and talk about the
issues of matter to them one that we
heard yesterday was Supreme Court
justices very important to the Trump
supporters in the puck is that one of
the top issues that you're here and what
are you hearing out there
there's a combination I think from
Mississippi we desperately want the wall
built in this other border we want no
amnesty and I can pretty much say most
Republicans would agree with that
it's a problem we've got once again is
Mitch McConnell trying to forego
spending on the wall until after the
midterms Joe you know what that means
that's Washington speak for he has no
intention of spending money on the wall
we have control of the apparatus we have
the Senate we have the house we have the
executive it's time to fund the wall or
Mississippi expects that and yes the
Supreme Court justices outstanding I
think originalist for the most part and
we're very pleased that Trump of the
Supreme Court says one thing that I have
a question
as though you were talking about
balancing the budget which clearly we
have to do it's just out of control
wouldn't trillion and it just keeps
getting bigger so how do you propose
pain for the wall a couple of ways first
of all we have about fifty 1 billion
dollars in foreign aid that we give to
countries who for the most part don't
like us very much there's money to be
saved there also we know there's about
110 million dollars in duplicative
services that is we have agencies in DC
that are duplicating services other
agencies are supposed to be doing
there's some there's money to be found
there the law is going to cost about
twenty five billion dollars that's more
than worth the investment to stem the
bleeding we see with public resources
because of illegal immigration law needs
to be built right now so senator I want
to ask you how disappointed you were
when Donald Trump President Trump a guy
who was joe said on paper lines up well
with you and when he endorsed your
opponent in this race he was supposed to
do an event today a big event in Jackson
he postponed that were you surprised and
disappointed when the president did not
endorse you well now in fairness we
still have the lead there you understand
I want to talk about this he endorsed me
three times in 2014 not though Thor he's
only endorsed for once I'm about $3
right three to one so but this is the
one you need today I agree here's the
thing I like president Trump I love what
he's doing for the country I love the
tax cuts I love the judges
I love the regulatory reform these
implemented the economy is improving as
the result what we have to do now is to
find people that can stand with him so
he doesn't have to beg from Mitch
McConnell now here's the thing people
say they kind of stop you right there
because the meet because when you say
the president's begging media channel
and you say he looks weak next to Mitch
McConnell and then isn't that what
you're suggesting I'm not he's getting
rolled by Mitch McConnell and the United
States I'm suggesting that there's no
other explanation as to why the
president would have endorsed the likes
of Mitt Romney
unless there's some game in play Mitt
Romney was hateful to the president John
McCain was god bless his bless his soul
and so was Paul Ryan but all three times
Trump endorsed in other words it appears
there's something in play it appears the
establishment has a game and played
there now Trump is strong but he also
needs 51 votes in the Senate and he's
trying to do the best he can to govern
with a slim majority in the Senate we
get that but I tell you this I think
ultimately he's going to be much more
pleased with conservatives that will
actually fight
as opposed to those that will just lay
down and take shots and I guess the
argument for Mitch McConnell then is we
need to endorse Cindy hyde-smith because
if you are the nominee then mike espy's
gonna win how does that make you feel
it's nonsense that maybe it's argument
but that maybe his argument Mitch
McConnell's always going to say things
that make no sense
that's the establishments way consider
this we're sitting in a state now that's
gone Republican for as long as we can
remember it's a very conservative very
red state mr. SP might be a nice guy but
he was a Clinton appointee strike one
let's just face it he was a Clinton
appointee just after Hillary was
defeated in this state
strike two is he had the misfortune of
being indicted while in office and he
had to step down I want to be clear
Mississippi is not going to send a
Democrat to the US Senate they're just
not Lucia Smith our straight party
director said that just a few days ago
the Democrats can think they can win
this state and we hope they do
we hope they pour millions into this
state because you're gonna go if you
thought put money here they should be
spending somewhere else and we're gonna
beat them either way now 38% of
Mississippi's black yes sir
I'm from Moss Point you were if you were
elected to the US Senate you supposed to
represent the whole state yes sir your
position around the Confederate flag
your position are only around hip hop as
the source of gun violence your position
around robert e lee i can go on and on
and on please do how do you convince
black folk in this state that you're not
a danger to them the story that you
talked about the hip hop connects with
the violence that was a study from
berkeley burglars not exactly a
conservative institution but it did leak
he'll pop violence he'll pop to violence
that's Berkeley not me and I was just
cited that on the radio show that's the
first thing number two our flag has been
here an awfully long time 2001 65
percent of Mississippians chose to keep
that flag now the thing about flags like
any symbol is they are subject to
different interpretations but if 65
percent of the people have voted to keep
that flag we should respect their wishes
the flag can be offensive to some I
recognize that but almost all symbols
are offensive to someone at some point
the majority has to control that
decision this exactly what we did so I'm
gonna stand with the majority of that
instance now if the people of
Mississippi want to start another
referendum and want to change it
that's the
democracy concept they like to push
sometimes okay but I'm gonna stand for
that flag because the people have stood
for how would you speak to that 38
percent those 38 38 percent of this
state how I'm going to ask them I'm
gonna ask them after a hundred years
after a hundred years of relying on big
government to save you where are you
today
after a hundred years of begging for
federal government scraps where are you
today we've been dead last I mean the
state of Mississippi I've talked about
said Mississippi we've been dead last
for a hundred years and what happens is
if we keep depended on that economic
model we're always going to stay last
our state depends heavily on federal
funds right because of that we aren't
able to create the prosperous
environment we need to grow so how do
you how do you do that how do you do how
do you move Mississippi up in categories
whether it's education or health care
how do you do that as a senator it's a
combination of several ways first of all
from a cultural standpoint we have to
enforce the importance of education we
don't talk about education enough as
people my father was a professor I
believe strongly in that and every
Mississippians should have a chance to
get a good education and a good job that
went back to my earlier point if we're
not depending on the federal government
so much for federal monies and we create
an environment for economic prosperity
every Mississippi and every one of us
can have jobs for the future and what I
would say to that 38 percent I would say
the candidate I am is a candidate that
wants to expand your Liberty who wants
to give you opportunity who wants to
break out of the old ways the state's
always done business if we break out of
those always there will be opportunity
but we can't keep doing it the same old
way and expect different results that's
what I would say so I would argue though
that getting rid of the Mississippi
State fly that it actually attracts
business because you've seen a lot of
states and how it's been harmful these
symbols that don't really matter for
much but it keeps us from getting a new
car plan so I personally would care more
about economic prosperity than symbolism
well here's the thing though
mothers in the audience she's leading
the cheering section
and here's the answer to that we hear
that argument from time to time I've
been served in the state Senate now 11
years we talk to industry in business
all the time not one that I've seen has
backed out because of the state flag if
you can name one I'll be happy to speak
with them but we've had this
conversation if we create the right
economic environment for this state for
everybody they will come and we can do
that and that was the point I was making
earlier just change the old economic
models look at different direction find
ways to create prosperity by government
reform one good way will be to reduce
income taxes in this state you notice
Tennessee has no state income tax Texas
no state income tax Florida no state
income tax businesses will rush to those
places because it's friendly for
business entrepreneurs the city should
experiment with that that's what I'm
referencing all right Senator Chris
McDaniel thank you very much for being
on next we'll talk to a Democrat running
in Mississippi's other Senate race where
he is trying to understand
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
