the democrat plan to destroy American
health care includes free health care
and education to illegal aliens they
want to be able to vote the illegals hey
by the way hate to tell you you go to
California go they vote anyway they vote
anyway and then that's a puzzle
president Trump laying the groundwork to
call into question the legitimacy of the
midterm election he's not even trying
yeah like Heidi's her usual strong men
are undocumented immigrants whom he
accuses without evidence of widespread
voter fraud even after his own
presidential commission found notice he
hit him so he had a presidential
commission that he put in force they
were going around with all their binders
and they ended up finding that it was
all just a lie
and yet he continues to lie that lie
however was just a drop in the bucket
amid false claims of California rioting
while an impending middle-class tax cuts
not coming now and the approach of
unknown Middle Easterners at the
southern border
good morning everyone and lay there
about 20 more of those by the way and
he's not even trying to hide his lies
anymore he's what putting them all out
there
welcome to Morning Joe it's Tuesday
October 23rd along with Joe Willie and
me we have MS n retreat MSNBC
contributor Mike Barnicle Red Sox the
author of the Washington Post's new
early morning newsletter power up
Jacqueline Alemany and Pulitzer
prize-winning columnist and associate
editor the Washington Post and MSNBC
political analysts Eugene Robinson and
Joe the word of the day is lie and
you've been doing a lot of reading
lately boy I have I mean if you talk to
Willie guys he will tell you I'm a very
important guy I I have many
leather-bound books in my apartment
smells mahogany yes it does it smells of
rich mahogany so as Willie and I are
want to do last night I you know he get
tired of going through all of my
leather-bound books and I started
reading old old government reports which
is what
we're just kind of bored with the
classics and Amica want to read this
this is and this is this referencing no
body okay so please please my beloved
viewers out there do not do not draw a
parallel between what is said here and
anybody living or dead past or present
that would hurt me hurt me very deeply
and you don't want to hurt me deeply I
don't want to weep on this show so this
this doesn't relate to anybody
whatsoever it's just it's going through
reams and reams and volumes I love World
War two and you know big Churchill fan
love what Rosa so I was reading this
this is it's from the United States
Office of Strategic Services in
describing Hitler's psychological
profile and this only pertains to Adolf
Hitler and pertains to nobody else I
can't I just can't state that enough but
this is what they had for Adolf Hitler's
psychological profile and for those of
you in the midst of reading World War
two government reports you'll find it
fascinating
his primary rules were never allow the
public to cool off
never admit a fault or wrong never
concede that there may be some good in
your enemy never leave room for
alternatives never accept blame
concentrate on one enemy at a time and
blame him for everything that goes wrong
people will believe a big lie sooner
than a little one and if you repeat it
frequently enough people will sooner or
later believe it that is of course the
US government during World War two Mieke
talking about Adolf Hitler that's all
we're talking about here Adolf Hitler
just a little light and nighttime
reading for me and tonight I'm gonna
move on and I'm gonna read game 6 which
is the story of how the Red Sox won Game
six and 1975 you'll want to read that
one too and I'll have the quote from
that book tomorrow morning well worth a
look President Trump is waking up in
Washington this morning after a trip to
Texas where he continued to push
unfounded
about immigration and much more ahead of
the midterms as the lead headline in
this morning's Washington Post describes
the strategy it is a bet on fear and
falsehoods lies White House political
director Bill stipend tells the Post
voter satisfaction Stepien voter
satisfaction is the enemy of voter
turnout and claims what changed is that
while voters are still happy in the
direction the president is leading the
country they are angry at the way
Democrats treated justice Cavanaugh
they're scared when they hear Democrat
after Democrat talking about socializing
medicine and Medicare for all and voters
are plugged in as the president spends
more and more time on the campaign trail
oh wait a second wait what Donald Trump
is doing on the campaign trail is he's
spreading a lot of lines about non-white
people to all-white crowds Mika well a
lot of what the president's saying is
just not true as the Toronto Star's
Daniel Dale writes quote Trump has been
a serial liar about just about
everything for his entire tenure in
office but he has rarely before deployed
so many complete fabrications about so
many important subjects at the same time
I think that's why it's important to
frame this let's just get into some of
them president Trump's claims about the
Honduran Caravan headed toward the u.s.
are steadily being debunked yesterday
the president tweeted quote sadly it
looks like Mexico's police and military
are unable to stop the caravan heading
to the southern border of the United
States criminals and unknown Middle
Easterners are mixed in I have wait wait
wait hold on is there a Saudi Crown
Prince and there is he coming up to kill
journalists and America to like series
Willy where does he go off Donald Trump
said said he's alerting the Border
Patrol and the military this is a
national emergency
let's change sell it right now as if as
if Willy must change laws as if
Republicans don't control the House and
the Senate and the White House and the
bureau
ah cracy and the Supreme Court they
control absolutely everything right and
didn't take control yesterday half for
two years yeah but tears and he's saying
Middle Easterners like saw what what are
you are we see telling us Saudi Arabian
crown princes that saw people the shreds
are coming over the border like the lies
are just unbelievable aren't they well
the words are so cheap and they always
have been for him that he puts them out
and he knows that he's not gonna be able
to defend them and he doesn't even try
to defend them what he's press we have a
list of things he said over the last few
days that are just straight-up
lies and when he's pushed on he has no
answers here's what he said about the
claim of quote unknown Middle Easterners
in that Caravan you know you should go
into the middle of the caravan take your
cameras and search okay thank you John
take your camera go into the middle and
search you're gonna find ms-13 you're
gonna find Middle Eastern you're gonna
find everything
do you know how the caravan started does
everybody to put this means I think the
Democrats had something to do with it
and now they're saying I think we made a
big mistake because people are seeing
how bad it is how pathetic it is how bad
our laws are if you're listening in the
car on the radio the president is making
a gesture of money being handed out as
the Democrats paved the Hondurans and
guatemalans to move north there is no
evidence that caravan is being led by
anyone other than Hondurans a former
senior intelligence official who
continues to be briefed on current
intelligence told NBC News there's no
evidence that any Middle Eastern
terrorists are hiding in the caravan the
president also tweeted every time you
see a caravan or people illegally coming
or attempting to come into our country
illegally think of and blame the
Democrats for not giving us the votes to
change our pathetic immigration laws
remember the midterms so unfair to those
who come in Legally wrote the president
here is Shep mitts Shep Smith of Fox
News fact-checking the president
yesterday President Trump is calling the
caravan a national emergency and he's
claiming criminals and unknown Middle
Easterners are mixed in with the crowd
an important note Fox News knows of no
evidence to suggest the president is
accurate on that matter and the
president has offered no evidence to
support what he has said that's and
there's the key Joe the president has no
evidence of that in there you have on
Fox News Shep Smith reiterating that
we'll go through the list as well
there's no evidence that there's going
to be a tax cut that's magically gonna
appear in the next two weeks for the
middle class there's no evidence there's
rioting in California against sanctuary
cities as the president has claimed over
the last couple of days no evidence for
any of this at all I mean and people
have been writing up lists no rioting in
California Democrats aren't giving away
cars till illegal aliens they're not
Oprah Democrats haven't organized the
caravan 50,000 people were not standing
outside of Texas Stadium last night
ended up might have been one or two
thousand selling weapons to Saudi Arabia
isn't creating 1 million jobs that's a
lie that's not
even close illegal immigrants aren't
voting in large numbers ago I mean you
could go down the list he talks about
getting an additional one point six
billion dollars for the wall that we've
talked about unknown Middle Easterners I
mean you just you could go there they're
there twenty things Gene Robinson that
Donald Trump has just created out of
thin air
you know Donald Trump could have said
just as easily yesterday hey listen
there are actually in that Honduras
group there are Martians with raised and
and and there are aliens in there and
they have sharks with lasers on going to
America and they're going to come into
your children's school and these are
land sharks as well and they're going to
shoot their lasers between your
children's eyes yeah that is just as
accurate as every lie he is told those
poor unsuspecting crowd members yeah and
and look there is a there's a frenzy and
frankly more than a whiff of desperation
about this flurry of lies to tell you
the truth Joe I mean I don't know if you
sense the same thing but even even for
Trump this is extraordinary this is just
you have to you have to sift very
carefully for any sort of grain of
potential truth in anything that he said
last night it's just it's it's
unbelievable
back away for a second though why is
does the president having to go to a
rally for Senate race in Texas of all
places and the Kumbha deceptive
Republican senator in Texas and they
have to deploy the president there to
help save Ted Cruz two weeks before an
election that's not that's not a good
look that's not a good sign and it tells
me that there's there's
there's more sort of conservation and
panic in the president circles then then
we might suspect so there been a lot of
people online that have been mocking
beta O Lord for the past month saying
how much he was going to get crushed
well if that were the case Donald Trump
wouldn't go to a guy Jaqueline campaign
for a guy that he called lying Ted Cruz
who he he made fun of his wife's look so
he accused his father of assassinating
JFK Trump wouldn't had gone down there
unless they were worried Tomika another
question why is Donald Trump so
frightened why is he so scared why is he
why is he being so so pathetic and
little right now so small so tiny that
he's having to create these lies when he
could say hey we got a great economy hey
we got Isis on the run Hey look consumer
confidence up the markets up he could he
could actually tell the truth and have a
pretty good argument to make in a
midterm election instead for some reason
he is so scared he is so desperate that
he's just spitting out one lie after
another well you just have to wonder
exactly what he's doing with these lies
because he's using everything that we as
a nation and the history of this nation
have built the trust we have in the
power of the presidency the trust we
have in American values he's using it
all to break it all down here's what he
said about the rioting in California
take a look I don't think we like
sanctuary cities up there by the way a
lot of people in California don't want
to mean that they're writing them they
want to get out of their sanctuary
cities you know there's a big turn being
made folks a lot of these sanctuary
cities you've been hearing about in
California and other places but
California they want to get out they're
demanding they be released from
sanctuary cities
okay so Mike Barnicle he's he's
obviously he's lying about the riots
there and of course Donald Trump lies
for a lot of different reasons one it's
just he's a lot more comfortable lying
than telling the truth we've all seen
that he also sometimes he's trying to
distract people from his own
inadequacies and I'm just wondering
whether he really get petrified a couple
of days ago when Mitch McConnell said
that he wanted to cut Social Security
and Medicare to pay for his tax cuts for
the rich I wonder if he's really worried
that if he's spread that if he doesn't
spread all of these lies the Democrats
are gonna start talking about how Mitch
McConnell wants to cut Social Security
and Medicare for middle-class Americans
because the tax cuts for the rich that
they passed that Donald Trump bragged
about passing to his billionaire friends
at mar-a-lago that night said I made all
of you a lot richer I wonder if that's
what he's trying to keep off of keep off
the new shows and keep out of the
newspapers I would bet not Joe I would
bet that he didn't even consider what
Mitch McConnell told him he's in his own
universe this is who Donald Trump is we
are witnessing it right now we talk here
nearly every day about various
congressional races and various Senate
races around the country who is going to
take control of the house who might take
control of the Senate I would submit to
you and to others that that is secondary
to the basic question that we are
confronted today with as a nation what
kind of a country do we want because we
have a president of the United States
who takes to the country four five times
a week with a litany of fear race
division duplicity and an epidemic of
lies a virtual epidemic of lies so we're
two weeks late from an election Mike
make no mistake we're two weeks out from
the election he goes straight to the
race baiting two weeks out from an
election he's talking about illegal
immigrants in sanctuary cities two weeks
out for the elope from the election he's
talking about an invasion of illegal
immigrants two weeks from the election
he's talking about Hispanic gang members
he talks about you know he called
Hispanics breeders before
two weeks before the election he's going
straight he's just tearing a page from
David dukes playbook in the Klan's
playbook and he's talking about race now
there's no conservative writer there is
no Republican that can deny that he is
not doing that that he is not playing
the race card they should be ashamed for
supporting this guy perhaps they will
but that's what he's doing Joe the
currency that Donald Trump trades in is
hate hate and division and that's what
he's spending right now coast-to-coast
that's what he did last night in Texas
that's what he does each time he's out
on the stump hate in my vision he's
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
