gets it our top story president Trump
facing criticism from Democrats and from
several Republicans this morning after
questioning the number of deaths
attributed to Hurricane Maria in Puerto
Rico last year in a pair of tweets
yesterday morning the president wrote
3000 people did not die in the two
hurricanes that hit Puerto Rico when I
left the island after the storm it hit
they had anywhere from 6 to 18 deaths
the president argued the report which
put the death toll at nearly 3,000 was
done by the Democrats in order to make
him look as bad as possible he says
Florida Governor Rick Scott who's been
endorsed by Trump in his bid for the
Senate tweeted yesterday I disagree with
POTUS an independent study said
thousands were lost in governor Sao
agree I've been to Puerto Rico seven
times and saw devastation firsthand the
loss of any life is tragic the extent of
lives lost as a result of Maria's
heart-wrenching I will continue to help
poor to revive by the way why obviously
a lot of huge races in Florida's Tim
Russert would have said this year while
we look at the governor's race and you
look at the Senate race it is Florida
Florida Florida
absolutely but Berto Rico's a huge issue
in the state of Florida whether you're a
Republican or whether you're a Democrat
especially in Central Florida Willie and
when you see rick scott who's been one
of the president's most loyal supporters
coming out when you see paul ryan coming
out when you when you see of course the
governor of Puerto Rico who has really
tried his best to be as positive toward
the president through this whole process
even while the president was having a
battle with other officials down there
then you know that it's causing
Republicans in the state of Florida a
lot of discomfort yeah no question about
it a lot of the Puerto Ricans forced to
flee the hurricane have ended up in
Florida of course so that is a central
issue with that governor's race coming
up on and they're Americans and they're
Americans they're gonna vote that's
exactly right
top Republicans yesterday on Capitol
Hill offering mixed reaction to the
president's tweets yesterday the
casualties don't make a person look bad
that's not so I have no reason to
dispute these numbers I was in Puerto
Rico after the hurricane it was
devastated this was a horrible storm I
have no reason to dispute those numbers
those are just the facts of what happens
when a horrible hurricane
it's an isolated place like an island
what's the tragedy there's no question
about it and it was a very difficult
problem for all of us here in the
country and we should do everything we
can to help people in those kind of
circumstances I would hope he's not
saying that Democrats are blamed for the
death toll if there hasn't been a it's
like a rush to try to make a Katrina
moment for the president to say that was
really toxic for President Bush that how
he handled the storm and so let's see if
we can do that to President Trump as
well I really don't know the number of
deaths but it was certainly more than 16
whatever the initial reports were
there's a big difference between 16 and
3,000 I don't know who picked the number
3000 I don't know how they arrived at
the information I'd like to know more
the White House press office put out a
statement following the president's
tweet it reads in part as the president
said every death from Hurricane Maria is
a horror President Trump was responding
to the liberal media in the San Juan
Mayor who sadly have tried to exploit
the devastation by pushing out a
constant stream of misinformation and
false accusation this was a study
actually George Washington for tw study
that actually Rick Scott and other
Florida officials agree with Rick Scott
sent thousands of deaths from the storm
yeah and that's that was an independent
study conducted by George Washington
University and unclear exactly at least
why the president wants to dredge up
which was a story that was horrible for
the people of Puerto Rico quite
obviously and not a good one for the
President himself I'd like goes back to
the central theme of this presidency it
is all about Donald Trump no matter how
many people have died no matter how many
people and families have been affected
by a horrific tragedy he brings it back
to how it makes him feel and that's very
sad it's a very sad moment for our
country
you know Mike Republicans have an uphill
battle for this fall I think yes I bet
the president's approval numbers are
back down into the 30s we've now got a
double-digit
national ballot test intensities up
there and everyday Republicans on
Capitol Hill at least the ones that I'm
talking to other people that are helping
in campaigns or Xena
we just wish he would stay out of the
way like this Florida races are tough
you get the president tweeting something
like this in the morning because he's
upset I know people say his tweets don't
matter I've stopped reading most of them
but if you're a Republican trying to get
elected especially in the state of
Florida the president's just Butchie
balmy the eight ball for the entire news
cycle well let's say you're a Republican
running in the state of Mississippi
you've got a pretty good economy
unemployment is down the future looks
even more brighter than today does and
all of a sudden the president the United
States proves once again that he's a
very small man yeah and a lot of people
Republican Democrat independent I don't
care you eventually you get tired of
being tired of the tweets you get tired
of being tired of his sense of
victimization that it is as Elyse said
it's always all about him well and I
also think what we learned in the
conversation we had yesterday with a
wonderful group of people here in Oxford
and a lot of Trump supporters yes and
you were right Pat patch he said bless
your heart and wait that's not a cop it
wasn't even like that it was one of
those bear leads the link is the knife
twisters dad loved Pat exactly Myka
you're a Yankee that's another cop no
but you know you get a real sense that
in the center of this presidency is what
maybe what you said but also on the
truth being so devalued that everything
is in question former Vice President Joe
Biden also weighed in on the president's
claim of the death toll in Puerto Rico
as a result of hurricanes during a
speech in Washington that was on a topic
of labor in the economy Biden who was
reportedly mulling a run for the
presidency in 2020 mocked Trump for his
comments
my dad had an expression for real he
used to say Joey
and he said told us my siblings don't
compare me they almighty compared me the
alternative I I guess that's the only
reason I'm looking okay these days to
the alternative but and by the way there
are no problems in America everybody's
doing well things are fair and decent
and no one died in Puerto Rico yeah so
so Eddie again we're talking about
Florida Rico this morning it mattered
obviously it's gonna be mapping in the
state of Florida right now though
there's a hurricane that scratching on
shore in North Carolina that's what a
lot of people are concerned about and we
think back to past hurricanes the
failure of George HW Bush with Andrew in
South Florida it costs him dearly and of
course we all know around here about
Katrina and what that costs George W
Bush and I will say I'm not I'm not
exactly sure where Puerto Rico fits in
there but you do have several studies
where thousands of people have died even
the Republicans are saying thousands of
people have died just seems to me
somebody can get to the President and
say if listen if if anything just do no
harm right let these Republicans run
their races without you making it harder
for them every day we're going to fight
for our life mr. president we and if
they lose Nancy Pelosi is going to have
the power of the subpoena
let's go golf right yeah you would think
that but you know I tend to hold a view
that Donald Trump struggles to be decent
that's about as generous as I could say
it and in this moment to lack empathy to
think about a disaster that's bearing
down on the carolinas and and to not
think about that and instead think about
whether or not you're to blame
for the disaster that happened in in
Puerto Rico suggests a kind of
narcissism that Belov's his capacity to
think about the suffering of others but
then there's this other part of the Joe
that's really interesting at least to me
there's all of this chaos from from the
Woodward book to the anonymous opt-in
and there's this view that the White
House is chaotic and when you read these
you read the book and you read the stuff
you think that the administration is
just simply dysfunctional and then you
combine that dysfunction with the
impending disaster then you worry
whether or not they're gonna be prepared
to deal with all right that you know and
the destruction and so he's talking
about who's 16:18
we know 3,000 close to 3,000 people died
I'm worried it's general Honore and
others whether or not they're going to
be prepared to deal with this designer
they gonna prepare for what's in front
or enou what this is a lot like Mika is
like for instance the entire question
over Russia and collusion I think
actually the president has finally
cracked the code after a year and a half
because he could never
if you ever talked about Russian
interference in the election he would
say no collusion and there was no such
thing now and and most of his top aides
were terribly frustrated and said you
know two things can be true at the same
time you could have legitimately won the
presidency but Russia could have tried
to interfere in the election right and
he's never been able to figure out same
thing with Puerto Rico you can't have
2,000 or 3,000 deaths without him taking
it as some personal failure on his front
so we'll see what happens there but it
does say at least on the Russia front
now he's finally starting to talk about
punishing countries that actually are
interfering in American democracy well
there is a lot more ahead this morning
new developments on former campaign
chair Paul Manafort is the angling for a
party plus Democrats launched a
last-ditch effort to stall the
nomination of the president's Supreme
Court pick Brett Kavanaugh and of course
we will continue to follow hurricane
Florence lashing the Carolina coast the
National Weather Service says landfall
is eminent we're going to get the latest
track go live to our reporters
the ground you're watching a special
edition of Morning Joe live in Oxford
Mississippi we'll be right back
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
