and we're back with more of our breaking
news coverage tonight of the new
controversy surrounding the Supreme
Court nomination of Brett Kavanaugh
we're joined by Jonathan Capehart
opinion writer for The Washington Post
and host of WNYC radios America on the
line
he's also an MSNBC contributor and david
jolly former republican congressman from
florida and Jonathan Capehart this story
is such an echo of Anita Hill the anita
hill of course emerged after Clarence
Thomas had we thought completed his
confirmation hearings and suddenly there
were rumblings that there were some
accusations and that there was a woman
and was I can remember 24 hours of
suspense in the Senate and suddenly
there was a Nita Hill doing a TV press
conference announcing what her
information was and I can tell you at
the time the Senate stopped and stared
at this woman and I knew senators who
were basically on their way to the
Senate floor to announce their support
for Clarence Thomas who turned right
around and it changed everything that
happened yeah that and in I remember
that time as well a completely different
time no internet right no it was you
know the three broadcast networks it's a
cable and everything stopped everything
stopped in Washington everything stopped
around the country as everyone sat at
home in front of radios if they had a
television to watch these hearings and
now the the parallels are just amazing
but now we are in a 24-hour news cycle
we have cable channels we have Twitter
we've got social media I'm not sure if
this woman who is insisting on her
anonymity will be able to hold it will
be able to stay anonymous and also it's
unclear whether this is going to have
any impact on judge Cavanaugh's
nomination it's sort of like a reversal
thing the guy could still get confirmed
despite this allegation that's out there
against him well David the allegation if
it becomes public and if she makes it
public is much more serious than
anything
was ever said about Clarence towns this
is an allegation of sexual assault and
and my understanding of the information
is at the time both the victim and judge
Cavanaugh if he did do this they were
both minors that there's been reports
saying that it was when he was in high
school we've certainly never seen a
confirmation hearing reached that far
back in someone's past but on this
particular kind of item there's no such
thing as a moral statute of limitations
and a confirmation hearing that's right
Lorenson thank you for saying that this
is an allegation that requires a direct
response from Judge Cavanaugh more than
what we saw from the White House today
when the White House suggested that
somehow judge Cavanaugh has been vetted
for twenty years and this is a
last-minute allegation the reality is
even if it is a last-minute allegation
it is one that suggests criminal
activity to which the judge must own up
and offer response Lawrence I I was in a
tight race at one point and and I'll lay
it all out on the table here I was
involved in a a vehicle accident that
took the life of a pedestrian when I was
a teenager it came up in my very first
race and though I was never charged
never at fault and I was exonerated it
was a legitimate question to which I had
to answer and I was a teenager and I had
to answer to that as an adult
judge Cavanaugh has to answer to this
allegation whatever that answer is let
the United States Senate let the
American people decide on his response
and a Jonathan your point about there's
a whole new level of pressure in the way
people can find out who an anonymous
source is today the the Box clearly that
the office holders both the
congresswoman and the senator found
themselves in was the person delivering
this information to them was saying I
absolutely do not want to be public and
and senator Feinstein knew that means
there's nothing she can do with it
you're either a witness or you're not in
in the Senate Judiciary Committee
proceedings yes which makes me I feel
for I feel for the person who has this
information who takes it to people of
accountability and responsibility
putting them in a box but I hope she
knows and is ready for the possibility
of her anonymity being completely
uncovered and being thrust into the
Maelstrom we're talking about something
here that is very very important it's a
Supreme Court nomination under normal
circumstances this would be big big news
but we're talking also about the
potential shift hard to the right of the
Supreme Court the majority that will far
outlive president Trump's administration
however long that lasts and so at some
point we're going to know who she is and
at some point to David's point more
importantly judge Kavanaugh has to come
forward and answer answer for this
whatever whatever this is talk to the
American people talk to the Senate is
say what happened and give his give his
side of the story so at least the
committee and then the full Senate can
make an informed vote and so far the
Republican reaction we've seen is
identical to the Republican reaction
when Anita Hills accusations first
emerged it's a late hit this is this is
late information this is some kind of
grudge match and so that they there
wasn't a single member of the Republican
Party who believed they were going to
reopen the Clarence Thomas hearings for
Anita Hill they believed they had this
thing completely under control even when
a neat Anita Hill went public and so
this is one of those stories where we
don't know where this story is tomorrow
and we don't know where it is the day
after this is a political mob ring
enshrined in the Constitution Mitch
McConnell we saw with Merrick garland
we're seeing it today with Kavanagh he
has the votes and he's going to make
this happen and he's going to do it for
nothing more than political power we
have seen this from Mitch McConnell on
down the line there is little conviction
within the Republican caucus today to
own up to the responsibility that
that the American people asked of the
United States Senate that we vet our
nominees we saw that before this
allegation we're seeing this since the
allegation the fix is in we know that
and Mitch McConnell for as quiet as he
is he is a quiet assassin he is going to
make sure the Cavanaugh gets confirmed
voters have an opportunity in about five
or six weeks to give voice to whether or
not they agree with with what the United
States Senate is doing right now and
Jonathan in Anita Hills day we had never
seen a powerful man brought down by
these kinds of accusations from a woman
in the last year we have seen it every
month and sometimes faster than that
we've seen Ronan Pharos reporting from
women it's not grown and it's the women
giving witness in his articles and near
Times articles bringing down most
recently Les Moonves a giant powerful
man in his field that no one believed
could be knocked down this way until he
was but here's a difference even though
Anita Hill came forward even those she
riveted the nation with her testimony
over those those days twenty something
years ago Clarence Thomas was still
confirmed to the Supreme Court and I
think III agree with with David that the
fix is the fix is in
Senator McConnell didn't even want judge
Kavanagh to be the nominee he had two
other people he was pushing the White
House to name because they didn't have
paper trails as wide as Judge
Cavanaugh's but this is something that
has nothing to do with this paper trail
and everything to do with his past but
to David's point the Senate Majority
Leader is all about getting a
conservative majority on the court and
if this is the vehicle it's not the
vehicle he wanted he's gonna push for it
any well I think if a credible woman
steps forward with credible accusations
against Brett Kavanaugh the kind that
are described in what we know about this
already that Lisa Murkowski and Susan
Collins are gone they are not going to
confirm a judge in this year at this
point in our history under those kinds
of classes not hold them accountable
vote them out and don't let them get
away with suggesting they're the
moderate conscience of the Republican
Party because they are not if they look
the other way on this thanks for
checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
