new reports cite the number of detained
migrant children in America has
skyrocketed to its highest point ever
this is of course under the Trump
administration nearly 13,000 minors are
currently being held in shelters across
the nation
now that is five times greater than a
number of children that were being
detained just a year ago the New York
Times reporting an essential detail as
we all make sense of this and reflect on
of course a whole season of border
crises these new numbers are not caused
by an increase in the actual raw number
of children who are crossing the border
into our country they are instead the
result of a range of Trump policies
which includes zero-tolerance and
scaring adult migrants from even being
able to do what any parent would want to
do pick up their own child because those
individuals fear immediate crackdown
deportation and the kids being held at
these more than 100 centers around the
country are in a range of conditions and
desperation some of the centers were
told are nearing capacity the Trump
administration however announced plans
this week that it will triple the size
of facility in Texas that is known as
one of the infamous quote ten cities
which of course suggest the White House
is not looking to lower these numbers
anytime soon you can see construction
crews are at the shelter as we speak
back in August though the shelter had
about 400 beds officials with the
Department of Health and Human Services
say the shelter will expand to have a
capacity of 3800 beds the Trump
administration also has a plan to pay
the Mexican government 20 million
dollars for deporting up to 17,000
Central American people who were in
Mexico in an undocumented manner so they
would be cut off from potentially ever
reach in the United States and in this
account which we credit the New York
Times reporting for the writers point
out that there is something of an irony
here in Donald Trump having run on a
pledge to have Mexico pay for a
crackdown in the name of a wall on this
particular policy beyond the
humanitarian questions it is Donald
Trump's administration with a new plan
to pay Mexico hey I'm already Melbourne
from MSNBC you can see more of our
videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our youtube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
