San Juan Governor Marcelo good to see
you sir again hello John thank you for
the opportunity let me ask you this did
the president has the president made
contact with you in the last few days as
this issue has percolated in the his
head no I haven't had the opportunity to
talk to the president in the past couple
of days we have been in communication
with several of the White House staff
members for a variety of the issues
concerning Puerto Rico but I know I have
not spoken to them recently I got to ask
you what was your initial reaction when
you saw those tweets this morning well
you know the victims and the people of
Puerto Rico should not have their pain
questioned this is certainly statements
that are that are wrong you know we went
on an effort to identify how many excess
deaths were occurred in Puerto Rico as a
product of Maria we wanted to do it
scientifically we wanted to have it done
independently and we feel that George
Washington did that effort very well
remember Chuck I used to be a scientist
that was my professional you know
formation and I saw how they went about
it so much so that we've taken their
estimate of 2975 and placed it as the
official official number let me ask you
this did the federal government ever
offer to try to do this as well to try
to help I mean look that GW came up with
this study it's very detailed the
Harvard did its own study and had an
even higher death toll number but I
understand the GW study is the one you
asked them to do explain why either your
government couldn't do it or why didn't
the federal government do this well you
know once the storm came about and we
have typical process he's - and you know
have accountability
of the death toll unfortunately and as
you may remember the Puerto Rico had
essentially lost all of its basic
functions after Maria we didn't have
electricity I didn't have communications
all the folks that were working on the
government you know there was about 40%
of them they couldn't even get to to the
workplace
so we we used a CDC protocol that that
ended up being insufficient as soon as
we identified that it wasn't a good
protocol no we decided to go with the
experts right we wanted to give full
visibility full transparency we wanted
to have not only a deathtome account but
also an evaluation of how the
communications went about and what we
can do towards the future so that we can
have a more robust response in in the
you know public health arena governor
you've been you have not nobody could
accuse you of playing politics you've
not gotten in any sort of back-and-forth
with any individual politician and and
and and and those that have that that's
their business and that's okay but you
have been very deferential this
president you praised him and the
administration at the time for what they
were doing do you do you feel as if you
have to take those comments back or do
you think the president is just totally
misinformed what do you make of this and
does it make you reassess whether you
think he cares about Puerto Rico well my
job as governor of Porto Rico talk is to
make sure that I can get as much
resources for our people and for our
recovery that is why I have chosen a
path of a dialogue of openness and of
collaboration of course that dialogue
includes pointing out what has been good
and there have been some good things in
these relationships there have been some
good efforts on like when with housing
our relationship with HUD the response
by the DoD was very good in the
emergency and there have been some
you know bad things that have occurred I
was very unsatisfied with the Corps of
Engineers response to lifting up our
energy grid I am very unsatisfied with
the bureaucratic stranglehold that
Puerto Rico has with FEMA so my position
is the following I instead of you know
having to kick in scream I hope that
with you know rational dialogue I can
convince people that when I am saying
something it's because I either see it
as something that's not right or
something that's done wrong and in this
instance it is my view that those
comments are you know are completely off
they're not based on anything I think we
should you know we should move forward I
think that we should move forward
towards the recovery using a lot of the
funds that you know the president helped
what the Ricoh get so that we can start
rebuilding Puerto Rico stronger but we
need to show empathy and again it's no
time to play politics it's it's time for
results it's like I have to show empathy
for those that lost their lives what can
the president do to restore his own
credibility with three million American
citizens that live on that island you
know I think having a dialogue and
showing empathy I think that's that's
critical
he's done so in the past I think it's a
it's an important step I think that
having you know demonstrating certain
things that are still outstanding for
example we've asked him the foreign
extension the permanent the emergency
work after Maria this extension was
given to Louisiana after Katrina we
expect the same treatment in Puerto Rico
now a FEMA denied
but we can appeal it to the president
and lastly you know we're we're about a
week away from the one-year anniversary
of Maria and I am you know we're
certainly gonna have some events
commemorating what happened and of
course remembering those little lost
their lives my hope would be that the
administration would would show what
what everybody in Puerto Rico and what
the vast majority of people around the
world feel which is a deep sense of loss
a moment of mourning and an opportunity
to to heal together so that we may build
stronger than ever before I look a last
question I do you believe you'd be
treated better if you were a state and
you had an electoral vote that maybe the
president might want to win in an
election know that and here's and this
is the root cause of the problem Chuck I
mean I am I'm very grateful that people
have shown interest in Puerto Rico I I
really hope that this interest spans
just the recovery we have to be mindful
that Puerto Ricans have been treated as
second-class citizens for over a hundred
years
Puerto Ricans are part of a colonial
territory this needs to end right now so
my challenge to all of the leaders that
are running in the midterm elections to
all presidents and aspiring presidents
is you need to have a clear position
here how can we as Americans say that
the United States is a standard bear for
democracy how can we go to Cuba and
Venezuela and preach that democracy when
we're not following suit in in our own
backyard
Puerto Ricans have chosen statehood
twice in the past six years it is the
right time the the American people in
the world has seen what a second-class
citizenship is and what the treatment
for that second-class citizenship is now
it's time to take action so I challenge
everybody
it has taken a position on Puerto Rico
to not only do it as a political
football but if you really want to do
what's right take a position on ending
colonialism it's time to put up or to
shop governor I'm gonna let you have the
last word there thank you for coming on
sharing your views passionate and all of
us extend our heartfelt sort of prayers
for the island as you continue to
recover thank you sir thank you thank
you for the opportunity hello youtubers
if you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more beat the press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
