Pope Francis he just met at the Vatican
with American Cardinals and bishops
about the sex abuse scandal that is
rocking the Catholic Church here in the
US the meeting comes a new outrage and
fury of the Pope's handling of sex abuse
cases it comes just one day after he
announced he will convene a global
meeting of bishops next February to
discuss the crisis I keep wondering why
wait until February are those bishops
walking there NBC News chief global
correspondent bill Neely has more from
the Vatican behind the closed doors of
the Vatican a u.s. delegation led by
Cardinal Daniel DiNardo of Texas want
answers and action from Pope Francis
over the Pennsylvania report detailing
decades of sex abuse by priests and over
this man Cardinal Theodore McCarrick who
rose as Archbishop of Washington despite
allegations of sexual misconduct the
Pope insisting again abuse is a
horrendous crime because of that Pope
Francis realizes that the very
credibility of the church depends on
rooting it out US bishops say
allegations that the Pope helped cover
up abuse deserve an answer I think many
Catholics many faithful in the US and
Beyond are looking for some answers it
doesn't necessarily have to come from
the Pope's mouth uncertain Cardinal
Donald Wuerl of Washington will meet the
Pope to discuss his resignation the Pope
not calling on bishops around the world
to meet in Rome in February for an
unprecedented summit on sexual abuse
it's a question of most importance not
only in countries where it's exploded
but all around the globe the crisis is
global and growing a church report from
Germany details decades of sexual abuse
by more than 1,600 priests of thousands
of children and a massive cover-up one
of the Pope's top aides said this week
it all amounts to the church's 9/11 the
church's 9/11 we need to
that bill neely people are saying new
criticism around the Catholic Church
it's a lot more than criticism can you
speak more about this report almost
4,000 children who were abused in
Germany by Catholic priests over the
last 70 years I'm sick even speaking
about it is stunning and it mirrors of
course Stephanie the allegations of the
Catholic Church's behavior and cover-up
in Ireland so yes this was not just any
old report this was a report by bishops
that has been leaked and they haven't
contested the findings which as you say
are extraordinary 3,600 cases over 70
years more than half of those cases of
children 13 and under and we are talking
about rape involving more than 1,600
priests and the authors of the report
say basically this is just the tip of
the iceberg these were the cases that
they could get to because a lot of the
files were destroyed and they were
impeded in their investigation so clear
evidence they say of a cover-up so just
like Ireland we have abuse we have rape
we have cover up we have priests being
moved from German diocese to German
diocese now just going back to today's
meeting other things that will make
people unhappy were this was a meeting
behind closed doors it lasted just over
an hour no statements from the batt
Vatican silence once again just as it
was starting however there was news that
another senior American cleric that's
Bishop Michael Bransfield
of West Virginia the Pope has accepted
his resignation and he has authorized an
investigation into Bishop Brownsville's
comments because there are serious
allegations of sexual misconduct against
him so you know if you if you ever think
that this crisis is stopping just look
at Germany just look at today in the
West Virginia issue the crisis is
deepening not just for the u.s. church
for the church globally
and for this Pope who let's be clear is
facing not just calls for his
resignation but clearly the greatest
challenge to his papacy so far Stephanie
greatest challenge think about the
challenge for the thousands of children
who are abused by their priests the
priests who are supposed to be their
moral and spiritual leaders
it is truly devastating the story is not
going to go away we're not going to stop
covering it so the church can spend all
the time and money they want on a PR
spin we're gonna stay on it
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
