an official delegation of top Cuban
doctors and scientists are in Washington
today meeting with US officials trying
to find answers to that mysterious
illness the illnesses reported by 26 US
diplomats and intelligence officials in
Havana over the last year and a half one
of the Cubans visiting dr. Mitchell
Valdes spoke to me exclusively about our
reporting that Russia was the most
likely suspect I think it's something
it's very unlikely
it's very far-fetched it's I've seen so
much speculation and ideas constructed
on analytic basis so first if we don't
know if everybody has the same symptoms
in other words if we're seeing something
that affected everybody in the same way
if we don't know if there's really
damage to the brain or damage to the
ears then why do we have to start
searching for mysterious weapons and and
far-fetched plots that even I'm not a
politician but from the political sense
don't make any sense and I think it's a
big construction of speculation that has
been growing over the last few months
and I'm sure if we sit down the
scientists the doctors from both sides
and try to collaborate and we share data
more openly we could get down to what's
really happened and because all the rest
I think is speculation we of course are
standing by our reporting and joining me
now with MSNBC Global Affairs
contributor ambassador Wendy Sherman who
helped pre establish diplomatic
relations in Cuba and author of the new
book on her life and career not for the
faint of heart
lessons encourage power and persistence
and I learned a lot from reading this I
thought I knew you
over the years covering you in in
various diplomatic posts but learned so
much about what all women experienced
but let's first talk about Cuba sure
because this is a mystery and one you
know complained that the Cuban doctors
and scientists have is that they could
not get information from the Americans
Americans were expelled by the Trump
administration brought back for their
own health but also it was some would
say
convenient excuse to break off these
emerging relationship indeed it's very
concerning that we've so broken
relationships this is a good thing that
these doctors and scientists are here
today though I must say watching dr.
Valdez he couldn't look you in the eye
as he was saying the things he did
because I think they probably know a
little bit more than they're willing to
put on the table I think it is gravely
concerning what has happened to these 26
some more damage than others there's
lots going on
you broke the story about this and the
possibility that this is microwave
technology and if it is that is very
concerning not only in Cuba but for all
embassies and as well in talking to him
about this they were frustrated because
he says that the scientists the doctors
the medical community don't want to
break relations they want to share a lot
of their discoveries there was recently
an FDA FDA trial and an important
immunization for you know vaccine and
this is part of that conversation
indeed Cuba has real and undoubtedly a
lot of people tried to use this
politically and you about everybody was
happy with the the closer relationships
the reestablishment of diplomatic
relationships our scientific community
was very very excited because there are
many things we can do together we
started reaching out to people to study
Alzheimer's disease this is a big
problem for the US and for Cuba to study
cancer to see how we can contain Sica
and dengue we have so many common
problems and all this situation that has
been created where the embassies have
been that the person has been
reduced where it's very difficult to get
visas has turned into a barrier and we
haven't been able to fulfill these are
these possibilities in these dreams we
have of closer collaboration but we'll
keep on insisting and our American
colleagues are very much in favor of
this hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
