sir I'd like to get your reaction to
what you heard from President Trump this
morning is it related to a different
storm hurricane Maria Maria and the
tweets that we've been talking about
where he diminished the death toll
number said he didn't believe them well
I've heard many of those comments from
the president last few days my advice to
the president is this and I'm giving my
best retired military advice you should
never blame two survivors on a victim of
a natural disaster for attributing to
anything that happened to them that's
just bad protocol every first responder
learn that when you go get someone who
should have evacuated you hug them you
try to praise the fact that they live
and you take him to safety but never
should we ever talk about those who
survived a natural disaster as after
they did something to cause this to
happen to themselves point two to the
president and if I was his boss or
standing next to him as his chief of
staff I would kick him on the ankle and
say look focus on the future day I'm
storm stop looking in the rearview
mirror focus on the future storm stop
looking at the last storm avoid any
conversations about the last storm focus
on this future storm that would be my
advice to my President of the United
States because he's our president a
couple questions to follow up on that
for you do you believe there is a danger
to the President as you put it looking
to the past rather than looking to the
future when it comes to people who right
now are at a critical moment deciding
whether to stay or go I think that's uh
that's just nervous energy probably
saying things like that on Twitter but
I'm confident and I do think FEMA is
fully focused I think the governors who
in these storms they're the principal
leaders in storm responses not the
president what happened inside those
states by our Constitution goes' see me
elected official and they're in charge
what happens in those states and from
what I've seen those governors are on it
the immobilizer National Guard
yeah executing agreements with other
states to bring additional Guard assets
the end and they've opened a way for
federal troops to start deploying to be
prepared to come in everything from
ships to search-and-rescue helicopters
all the way from Alaska so the the
quarterback of this show is not the
president it's the governor of the state
we've got to ask for what they need and
it's the job of the federal government
FEMA and all of government to respond
and provide what those governors need
and that being said I think the
president will do well to start that
message he talked about yesterday
warning people to evacuate and that the
governor's need something the federal
government would provide it I think
that's the message you need to be on and
he'll be on better ground and take a lot
of left's a flack from some of this and
looking back at the last storm general
Honore you've been very clear and
explicit in your advice to President
Trump why do you believe he is
struggling to take that advice or use
that I I can't imagine you know he
wasn't born a politician but he's
sharing the he'll act like one want to
MIT to nothing and deflects it and I
think that's something he needs to grow
out of you know he we have used Katrina
to measure presidents did they have a
Katrina moment mean he wasn't paying
attention to what was going on well he
had his Katrina moment is called Maria
and the pitch everybody will remember is
those paper towels going out and
throwing them and oh by the way giving
himself a E I think you need to move on
and let's see everybody can live and
learn and let's see if he can focus on
Florence stay off the damn golf course
and and cheer these troops on who out on
ships out on sea flying helicopters and
airplanes trying to get ready to come
while their families stay ashore and
have to evacuate separately we've got a
lot of young soldiers sailors airmen and
Marines out there that are getting ready
to respond along with our National Guard
and that's the people they ought to be
cheering on and
hope to see him in North Carolina or
South Carolina and not on a golf course
is weekend general before I let you go
one thing that has been striking when
you listen to the response from federal
officials including for example brock
long at FEMA is talking about the
lessons learned and particularly the
lessons learned from Katrina do you
believe that the federal government has
learned enough from the response to the
storm to Katrina which you know well
over the years are they at a better
place now are they where they need to be
well we went through the Obama years
with let's wait for the governors to ask
for the military to help and now after
Maria everybody said hey we've got to
start money
big storms we can't wait for the
governance to ask individually hey I'd
like a ship to come in or I want a
hospital ship the it's incumbent on a
national security council or giving
instructions to Brock Long how he get
those assets that maneuver on the storm
had we maneuvered on Maria like we
maneuvered on hurricane
Irma we could have done a better job in
trying to get there earlier and helping
people quicker that being said it's time
to focus on on this storm and I hope
that's what the National Security
Council is helping Brock along figure
out how all of government can help
respond because the guy on the button is
the governor real quick general Brock
long in this investigation into his car
use do you think it's a distraction for
him or do you believe he'll be able to
focus on the task at hand here I'm sure
he's focused on this storm I know I also
sure it's a it's a it's a distraction
but he's young enough he's hard enough
he'll get it done he's focused on he's
learned and he learned a lot of lessons
in Maria um armor and Harvey last year
so I think let's move forward and all
the American people need to know if your
total evacuate evacuate make sure you
state communications with somebody and
don't leave a neighbor behind if you're
leaving and they're elderly disabled or
poor put them in the car with you and
take it with you
it's good advice retired lieutenant
general Russel Honore it's a pleasure to
have you and your perspective on the
show thank you very much thank you for
checking out our youtube channel why
don't you subscribe it's really easy
just click on that button down there and
for more news from MSNBC click on any of
these videos here for the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more videos from MSNBC with our
newsletters head over to msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up
