54 days until the midterm elections
three new national polls give Democrats
a double-digit advantage in the vote for
Congress never mind I'm sorry Willie you
would think I would have figured this
one out the latest Quinnipiac University
poll shows Democrats 14 points ahead of
the Republicans on the generic ballot
that spread is 12 points geez in the new
NPR Marist Poll while the Politico
morning consult poll puts Democrats 10
points ahead inside the Quinnipiac poll
a startling data point for the GOP as
Democrats have a six-point edge among
men 48 percent to 42 percent according
to 2016 exit polls President Trump won
men by 12 points 53 percent to 41
percent so really while I don't usually
look at the generic ballot test you look
even more at the intensity that really
matters and the Democrats that have that
as well
but but I always look at trend lines and
my gosh the trend lines for the
Republicans and these generic ballot
tests have completely collapsed remember
they were crowing again in the spring
oh the generic those the gas it's been
closed and said you liberal about
whatever here we are those are massive
numbers yeah how about the women number
that's the one I look at Sousa
20-point spread for Democratic women
there I mean that's just that is a
devastating number and you look at the
kind of candidates the Democrats are
running this fall and what they hope and
expect will be a blue wave it's women
it's minority candidates the kind of
people they need to peel back and create
some distance from Republicans and
Donald Trump and what's even more
amazing is some of the Republican women
that are running they're still having a
lot of drag on them on their side from
Donald Trump I mean when you look at
those numbers I just looked at a poll
from Nevada 62% of people think that
their state is going in the right
direction economically and yet Heller is
in for the race of his award that's and
that is
absolutely stunning and when you talk
about the spread of people wanting to
come out against Donald Trump's policy
versus supporting right that's a
nine-point spread there and that just
says an awful lot well and again when
you start talking about intensity we
here and we're gonna hear it I'm sure
when we go to Mississippi but you hear a
lot of people I hear a lot of my friends
in the South I hear a lot of my family
friends saying I voted for him I don't
want to talk about it he should have
stopped tweeting should listen I'm not
voting for anybody I want to talk I'm
not going to vote for anybody that's
going to vote for Nancy Pelosi as
Speaker of the House they don't care
what he says
right those people who feel that way and
there are a lot of them and who were
disgusted by Donald Trump the person
even if they like some of the policies
those are the people who stay home
exactly and that's this problem that
that the Republicans are facing now
they're gonna stay home and when you
when you actually have Mick Mulvaney
saying that not only is Ted Cruz not a
likable guy but Donald Trump is not a
likable guy a lot of people don't like
Donald Trump those people stay home and
I do think it's a problem for Ted Cruz
in Texas I still think I know I
it's probably like Pennsylvania where I
said was fool's gold and it was for
until it stopped being fool's gold for
Republicans still find it hard to
believe that a Republican loses in Texas
yet but but we'll see but Mike
four-point lead that's pretty close in a
wave year much closer than it should be
so Mike I don't I don't like to talk
about baseball but you know I did look
at the calendar last night when when Red
Sox got over a hundred games and I
immediately said oh my gosh how are we
gonna collapse after winning a hundred
games and then I looked at the calendar
it's like the middle of September yeah
so you know what I'll even I will say it
may it may be over right yeah but you
have classic Red Sox disease you're at
that point now last night you know
texting me in
I find it's the middle of September
we're all set we have a ten-game Li but
we immediately jump to October but we're
screwed enough we don't have a rotation
this was fun while it lasted
yeah we may win a hundred and twelve
games but we're gonna lose it the A's
are gonna sweep us but you know the
calendar crowds out the possibility of
the Red Sox choking the same you can say
with these poll numbers because you look
at the we all look at these Palmer's a
poll numbers don't matter it's too early
it's too early we're now in the middle
of September not only that some people
in some states if they haven't already
started early voting they're gonna start
voting early very soon and suddenly
these numbers breaking at the worst
possible time for Donald Trump and the
Republicans start to get locked in and
we have to stop being so smug and
cynical to know these numbers don't
matter you're the
that the people though well some of the
people are gonna start you know there's
an amazing like that well II there's an
amazing theme a connective tissue
between what we were just talking about
the Red Sox ten game lead and the poll
numbers that we're looking at and the
the the the tissue connection is people
want to know two candidates and two a
baseball team can you do your job and I
think that's one of the underpinnings of
Trump's failure to really pick up more
energy in the polls but given the
economy as Susan just pointed out then
he has and the better will rock campaign
is really instructive I think nationally
what you get a sense of and I know all
of us here at this table get this sense
there's an exhaustion level in American
politics over the president right
there's increasing doubts whether or not
he is up to doing the job and if you
watch the better or rock campaign and
you listen to what he says out on the
stump and he's out on the stump twenty
hours a day throughout the biggest
largest state in the Union he is
basically while he talks about issues he
talks about health care he talks about
taxes he talks about schools but
basically what he's saying if you listen
to him really listen to him he is saying
don't you want this country to be better
don't you want people to be nicer to one
another don't you want to live in a
place where people smile more an
invective and anger in politics is kept
at a minimum don't you want all of these
things and I think if you ask people
list the answer is a resounding yes
Susan you know what else he does he does
what Barack Obama did in Iowa after
Hillary Clinton lost
President Obama said you know you can't
just go to the places where you think
they're gonna vote for you he said we
would go to counties in Iowa where I was
told we were gonna lose 70 percent of
the vote
I said no well why don't we show up and
see if we only lose 55 percent of the
vote and that made such a huge
difference for President Obama in Iowa
and in a lot of other places he went he
went to place with people that want to
sing and then they saw him said wait
he's
he's not this monster that we hear about
on talk radio
Beto Rourke is also doing that he's
going to places in Texas that Democrats
don't usually go and people are looking
at and going hmm nice guy well and
that's what's interesting when you look
deeper into some of these polls besides
the horse race pollsters you know we
look for information like how do we go
get votes and they're seeing a lot more
places that that they like a war can go
get votes then Republicans are
Republicans are going to only rely on
trying to turn out their base whereas a
walk and others like you said they're
showing up and they're finding little
ways to bring more and more people in it
may not go blue this year but I think
you're right Joe and down the road it
certainly could yeah and the other thing
that you just touched on is if you have
a consistent theme as a party all right
and every candidate in your party the
Republican Party am speaking of and your
consistent theme is rooted in fear
eventually that's going to turn people
off when they bump into a better or or
just as I said that's that's people are
smart they figure it out well still
ahead on Morning Joe we're gonna dig
deeper into new polling on a series of
tight races around the country from
Texas to Tennessee plus he's been in
Congress for three terms and just won a
months-long primary battle but Ron
DeSantis still needs some time to flesh
out his policy positions for Florida in
the words of George Bush interesting
it's hard okay how can you really how
can you serve in Congress for three
terms and then when the Republican
nomination and still don't know what you
believe in
it's a you're supposed to figure that
out before you knock on the first door
you gotta wait for the polling to come
in before you decide what you believe
resign right away he needed more time to
debate three elections and he doesn't
understand what recharged languages or
he got know what he believes in
a lot of waffling thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
