you may remember that last night at this
time we broke the news that just ahead
of hurricane season this year the Trump
administration appears to have
transferred ten million dollars out of
FEMA out of the Federal Emergency
Management Agency to instead give that
money to ice for jailing immigrants well
we got a lot of pickup on that story
last night again the reason we were able
to break that story is because Senator
Jeff Merkley provided us with a document
that showed us that Department of
Homeland Security had made those
transfers out of FEMA instead to
transfer that money to ice for immigrant
detention I have to tell you we have an
important advance on that story tonight
coming up here momentarily and our
advance on that story tonight comes as
all eyes are on the forecast as
hurricane Florence does continue to
barrel toward the Carolina coast
forecasters did shift their expectations
overnight in terms of the path of the
storm their models mostly now have it
hitting the North Carolina coast before
then making an unusual left turn after
hitting the coast forecasters and are
saying they expect it to turn left and
head Southwest creeping Inlet meaning
that it could sit there dumping epic
amounts of rain on the Carolinas for
days
hurricane Florence is now a category
three hurricane Scott maximum winds up
to 115 miles an hour because of how
slowly the storm is moving when I say
the Carolinas could get epic amounts of
rain I mean they're talking conceivably
about 40 inches of rain in some places
right that's that's more than three feet
of rain that's a lot different than
three feet of snow even right but this
is over the risk of this is in a
relatively wide area while the storm
just stalls the storm is expected to
make landfall tomorrow night or Friday
morning while we wait for the storm to
hit coastal areas of course are
expecting not just rain and high winds
coastal areas are also expecting a big
storm surge look at those storm surge
amounts that one in the middle says 9 to
13 feet
of the sea being that much higher than
it normally is and they're saying that
could persist for days as the storm
makes its way west so with the storm
this big with this kind of unexpected
impact we are as a country are bracing
for impact
this is what it looked like in the
Carolinas today businesses closed
business owners hoping and praying for
the best people boarding up the windows
of their homes sandbagging anything that
could be protected from expected
flooding and from again that expected
large storm surge this hotel in South
Carolina put all their patio furniture
right into the pool maybe that'll keep
it from blowing away in the storm people
who plan to stay in state to ride out
the hurricane lined up for ice today
because everybody's expecting all the
power will go out others caught some of
the last evacuation buses out of town to
take them somewhere safe before the
storm hits mandatory evacuations are in
effect along coastal areas and in what
is now a familiar sight but still
strange to see lanes on many highways
were reversed so cars could drive one
way on both sides of the highway today
the US Coast Guard held a briefing in
Charleston South Carolina this is Rear
Admiral Keith Smith he's the commander
of Coast Guard force readiness command
he talked today about the basic
mechanics of what the Coast Guard will
do not just during the hurricane but
after the hurricane hits you know and as
worrying as this impending storm is
admit it it's it's somewhat reassuring
for us as Americans to see the Coast
Guard out in front talking about their
readiness right because the Coast Guard
is great at what they do and we know
from past experience that the Coast
Guard has been a literal lifeline over
and over and over again whatever a big
bad hurricane hits the United States
Lester Holt has been covering the
southern end of hurricane sandy he's in
Elizabeth City tonight Lester good
evening
Brian good evening a dramatic rescue at
sea today a 16 crewmembers aboard a 180
foot tall ship had to go overboard
abandon ship when they took on water two
people were missing late word tonight
though one of those people has been
found a woman described as unresponsive
and flown to a hospital here in
Elizabeth City that boat was that ship
was on its way from Connecticut to
Florida trying to steer around the storm
when it ran into trouble the dramatic
video shows members of the ill-fated
ship's crew jumping into the heaving
ocean and into the grasp of a Coast
Guard rescue swimmer the distress call
came in last night the ship had lost
power and was taking on water some two
feet an hour the bounty and her crew
were 90 miles off Cape Hatteras
and then early this morning the 16
member crew was given an order to dawn
their survival suits and abandon ship
and actually life rafts spotted first by
a Coast Guard c-130 two choppers were
launched into the teeth of 58
mile-per-hour winds and low visibility
there was a lot of rain and a lot of
wind
fortunately going out there it was a
tailwind so we got out there pretty
quick even though was 180 miles we had
to go the first chopper crew spotted one
crew member floating in the water the
others in life rafts rescue swimmer
Daniel Todd was lowered into the
churning ocean being down there in those
waves is more like being in a washing
machine now you have these these waves
kind of hitting at hitting at you from
every single direction one by one the
Bounty's crew were hoisted up into the
helicopters one of the crew members
would later hospitalized with a broken
arm with storms like this you can easily
see how violent the ocean can become and
if you don't prepare yourself properly
and and handle it the way you should
then they can come back to have some
very drastic consequences being down
there in those ways is more like being
in a washing machine that's just one
that was October 2012 that was hurricane
sandy the US Coast Guard flying
helicopters in 58 mile an hour winds
spotting that tiny little raft and
terrible visibility jumping into those
violent waves to pluck those guys out of
the sea
you know waves strong enough to break
your bones that's what the Coast Guard
does they've got capability and skills
and a record of bravery and achievement
and disasters like this that's that's
just unmatched
I mean look 1995 hurricane Erin when a
234 foot long boat sank the Coast Guard
was there they pulled up members of the
crew one by one in these cage-like
harnesses 2005 Hurricane Katrina a
catastrophe a national disaster but of
the 60,000 people who were stranded all
over New Orleans 35,000 of those people
were rescued by the US Coast Guard
grabbed off roofs grabbed out of rolling
water and carried to safety 2008
Hurricane Ike the Coast Guard rescuing
people in helicopter baskets to save
people who tried to wait out the storm
20:17 hurricane maria three people
stranded on top of an overturned boat
off the coast of Puerto Rico here's the
Coast Guard plucking those guys out of
the water rescuing them from 115 mile an
hour winds and 20-foot waves same year
2017 hurricane Harvey this is the view
out of the Coast Guard helicopter as
they fly over Houston they spot these
guys stranded in the water they lower
down these metal cages we've seen them
used in hurricane after hurricane this
guy practically hanging out of the
helicopter as he watch it gets watch to
get lowered down
but then he Yanks them to safety and he
does it again and again and again this
is what the Coast Guard does they dangle
themselves out of helicopters with
hurricane victims strapped to their
chests
they wade through knee-deep floods to
search for survivors they scoop up
families and kids in these little red
canoes and tow them to safety Coast
Guard is the life ring of hurricane
response in this country right there the
mussel net Yanks people out of the jaws
of this kind of American natural
disaster without the Coast Guard we have
direct evidence from these pictures
right year after year after year
storm after storm after storm without
the Coast Guard as rescuers of last
resort
many more people would die in hurricanes
in this country so last night we brought
you the story that Donald Trump's
Department of Homeland Security the
Trump administration this summer at the
advent of hurricane season this summer
they took money out of the budget for
FEMA just as hurricane season was
getting underway they chose to divert
nearly ten million dollars out of FEMA
to instead fund detention and
deportation of immigrants by ice
specifically the last night we brought
you that story we brought you this
Department of Homeland Security document
which is obtained by Senator Jeff
Merkley --zz office and shared first
with us it's basically a list of all
sorts of places where DHS decided to
take money from one agency and move it
to another the vast majority of money
they were moving was going to upscale
their ability to lock up immigrants and
to fund beds and detention centers for
immigrant families now the practice of
moving money around between agencies is
not unusual we're told right but what
stood out to Senator Merkley and what we
were able to show you last night is this
nearly ten million dollars nine point
seven five million dollars being
transferred out of FEMA on the cusp of
hurricane season almost all of it going
to ice in order to fund more detention
beds and Isis transportation and removal
program for immigrants well that was our
report as of last night tonight we can
report that it's not just FEMA that's
being tapped for the Trump
administration's ice programs instead
they're not just taking money from FEMA
according to this document from the
Department of Homeland Security the
Department of Homeland Security is also
taking tens of millions of dollars from
the Coast Guard to instead give to ice
for immigrant detention just over 29
million dollars taken from the Coast
Guard targeted by the Trump
administration to be transferred instead
to ice for immigrant detention 29
million dollars from the Coast Guard
triple what they took from FEMA we asked
the Coast Guard for comment on this
tonight they would not comment we expect
they're busy given what's bearing down
in the Carolina coast right now we're
redoubling our efforts to get comment
from the Coast Guard we'll let you know
if we ever do but on the FEMA part of it
we asked homeland security about this
document last night they authenticated
it but they told us that the the money
being taken out of FEMA to instead go to
ice that money didn't come out of any
disaster response or recovery efforts
that's what they said even though there
are specific line items where you can
see what does it say their response and
recovery where money funneled out of
FEMA is labeled as coming out of
response and recovery programs
nevertheless that line of defense from
the Trump administration continued today
as the story spread and was reported out
and advanced by other news outlets
another homeland security spokesperson
arguing today that the money they took
out of FEMA to instead bolster their
program of locking up and deporting
immigrants that money couldn't have been
used by FEMA to prepare for this season
storms like hurricane Florence that's
bearing down now on the southeast coast
according to another homeland security
spokesman quote the money in question
transferred to ice from FEMA's routine
operating expenses could not have been
used for hurricane response so that
spokesperson is essentially saying hey
this ten million dollars they took away
from FEMA to instead gave to ice it was
like general money general FEMA money if
it's not like hurricane response money
wasn't that kind of FEMA money that
earned some pushback from people who
used to work at Homeland Security and
specifically for FEMA calling out that
response today as as bullpucky one
former FEMA official named Maura Weiland
told The Washington Post today quote
anyone who knows FEMA knows this is
parsing words the money being siphoned
out of FEMA she says this response money
night it pays for plans and logistics
and supply chain management
that's what response and recovery money
is joining us now is that very same
former FEMA official Maura Whalen she's
a former chief of staff in Homeland
Security's office of Gulf Coast URI
building which was established after
hurricanes
Treena and rita she also worked on the
first select committee overseeing
homeland security in congress she spent
time at the State Department as well
miss whelan thank you very much for
joining us I really appreciate you being
here thanks for having me Rachel
so you're quoted in the Washington Post
today saying essentially that the
Homeland Security the Trump
administration response to this saying
don't worry about this money taking ten
million dollars out of FEMA
won't hurt FEMA at all it certainly
won't affect anything about the way they
can respond to major hurricanes you were
quoted as being a skeptic basically to
that response from Homeland Security can
you elaborate on that
sure the the spokesperson when he
responded in his in his tweets last
night after your your your great
interview with Senator Merkley basically
talked about how FEMA couldn't use
disaster response money known as the
disaster relief fund for FEMA that money
is dedicated to for any disaster it's a
different bank account for every
disaster we have and is dedicated to
going to individuals and to communities
to recover in the wake of a hurricane or
in the wake of any other natural
disaster and it's it's pretty specific
that it has to go there and can only
finance additional things like phone
banks for you to be able to call in your
claim after a disaster so anyone who
knew FEMA at all knew that of course you
can't touch the disaster what is known
as the durf you can't touch the dur
funds but there are other operating
expenses at FEMA and general operating
money at FEMA goes to doing things like
training for all hazards preparing our
warehouses making sure we have things
ready to go so that we can pre deploy
like you see FEMA doing now so taking
money away from that operation doesn't
just harm hurricanes it harms us with
any disaster that we face and when we
talk about plans and logistics and
supply chain management pre positioning
of supplies as you were describing there
that seems like the sort of thing that
we saw go so disastrously wrong for
example in the hurricane Maria response
in in Puerto Rico was one thing to say
that Puerto Rico was in danger and in a
fragile place when it came to the
actual winds and rain of that storm what
fell apart in why Maria ended up being
such a fatal disaster in nearly 3,000
Americans killed was because the plans
supply chains
the logistics weren't managed CBS today
was broadcasting images of thousands of
pallets of bottled water that made their
way to Puerto Rico never got distributed
to people in Puerto Rico who didn't
otherwise have access to water and still
to this day a year after Hurricane Maria
hit those water bottles are sitting on a
runway disused in Puerto Rico it sort of
seems like plans logistics and supply
chain management it is that is the
difference between life and death in
terms of hurricane response it is the
difference between life and death people
who watch FEMA will tell you that last
year was an unprecedented year three
storms back-to-back the FEMA
administrator himself brought long said
that the agency was strapped and that
they needed additional support and they
didn't just say this in impress you know
briefings and they they put out an
after-action report where FEMA
criticized themselves and the FEMA
administrator called for the preparation
of a culture of preparedness and when we
talk about that what we're talking about
is better enabling communities to get
ready for things we're talking about the
exercises and the practices that FEMA
would do with agencies like the Coast
Guard to make sure that when they found
someone on a boat they could get that
helicopter out there and save those
people those are the things they
practice well in advance day to day that
this funding pays for and so you know
yes there's there's simply no way around
it we lost 3,000 American lives last
year we faced an unprecedented season
and and that's simply not acceptable and
FEMA will be the first people to tell
you that there's there addition in
addition facing an unprecedented season
this year
there as of Thursday there will be five
cyclones in the Atlantic that some of
which could hurt the United States so
we've really got to prioritize being
ready but instead what we're seeing is
an issue of priorities this didn't FEMA
didn't make this decision the Coast
Guard didn't make this decision this
decision was made by the White House it
was made by DHS to prioritize
programs that imprison people who are
performing their human rights human
right to seek asylum in the United
States they're ruining lives there their
incarcerated families who don't even
have a right to a hearing quite yet
instead of implementing programs that
are proven to save lives at a time when
we know more storms will be hitting this
hitting our country more Waylon former
official at Homeland Security and the
State Department appreciate your your
perspective on this thanks for helping
us with this tour thanks so much again
bottom line here advance on our story
from last night last night we were first
to report that the Trump administration
has taken ten million dollars out of
FEMA they did that this summer just
ahead of the hurricane season they moved
that money instead to pay for immigrant
detention at ice were furthering that
reporting tonight by noting that in
addition to that ten million dollars
taken out of FEMA at the same time the
Trump administration appears to have at
least targeted the Coast Guard for
twenty nine million dollars in transfer
of funds twenty-nine million dollars
taken away from the Coast Guard right in
advance of hurricane season and instead
given to ice to lock up immigrants we've
got much more ahead tonight stay with us
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
