few people in our history have been
entrusted with the power to investigate
a president and those around him it has
been over 20 years since President Bill
Clinton faced the Whitewater
investigation that eventually expanded
into the Monica Lewinsky scandal Ken
Starr was of course the Independent
Counsel during the investigation back in
the late 90s he was almost as ubiquitous
in news coverage in real time as one
robert muller is today ken starr lived
to tell about it he's here with us
tonight he's a former federal judge
former Solicitor General and independent
counsel as we said in the Whitewater and
Monica Lewinsky investigations during
the Clinton administration he also
happens to be the author of a new book
look who's on the cover called contempt
in a memoir of the Klint investigation
counselor thank you very much for making
us part of your tour thank you bro I'm
very curious talk about a guy you know
Robert Muller is probably the subject of
more of this broadcast for someone whose
voice we never hear and than anyone else
talk about him personally talk about how
he operates and your opinion of how he
has acquitted himself thus far well I
think the contrast of the Muller
investigation and the investigation I
was charged with as I described in the
book it's pretty clear he reports to the
Attorney General of the United States I
and my fellow independent counsels were
independent of the Attorney General what
a huge difference that makes and so the
assurance that the American people have
is that when he undertakes an
investigation into an area let's say
Paul Manafort he has secured the
authority the authorization of the
Attorney General here the acting
Attorney General rod Rosenstein who is a
man of integrity now i know bob muller
to be a man of integrity i've expressed
concerns about some other people around
him and some of the noise that we have
seen i think it's important for the
American people all of the American
people to have confidence in the
integrity of the investigation those
issues were raised when I was on the
duty station and they're being raised
now with Bob Muller but I known to be a
man of integrity so it's not a
witch-hunt it's definitely not a
witch-hunt
that is a term used by any and every
politician it was used by Bill Clinton
it was used by the entire Clinton White
House when we were doing our work from
really day one there's nothing there
well there was a lot there there were 14
criminal convictions including the
president's business partners and
Hillary of course provided legal
services for Madison guarantee Savings
and Loan there was a lot there and so
the independent counsel or the special
counsel has a tough job to do and he/she
needs to get the job done as quickly as
possible did you ever think in your
adult lifetime you'd have a President of
the United States that when you wake up
in the morning you read has attacked the
Justice Department and the FBI I think
that's a mistake
no did I did I think that and I think
the president is ill-advised to follow
his instincts in that in this case but I
must say I was the victim of an
unrelenting assault from the Clinton
White House it began virtually on day
one and I found myself transmogrified
and I described it in the book overnight
from being a former judge and a former
Solicitor General into something that I
was not and so it's easy for politicians
whether the president added States or a
member of Congress or a city
councilperson to say this is all
political let's get to the facts let's
get to the bottom of things forgetting
for the moment about how he talks should
the President of the United States sit
down with the special counsel
there are two perspectives on that the
criminal defense lawyer says absolutely
not and that's what we heard from David
Kendall as I described in the book
President Clinton's very able lawyers
was saying well no no and eventually we
issued a subpoena on behalf of the grand
jury so we will see what unfolds you
know it's perhaps the fourth inning
maybe the fifth inning of what's
unfolding but the other perspective is
that of the president of you know
it states and I think that there is an
obligation the part of the president to
assist and cooperate in a duly
authorized federal investigation god
forbid you're on your deathbed someday
and someone says judge did this did this
go too far did it do to get out of hand
what's the answer in addition to being
said that you'll be at the end of your
life what's the answer for the ages
the answer's no our investigate the
answer of the ages is that Congress
demanded that a report be given in the
impeachment context in the special
counsel statute in effect that is no
longer in effect that statute drove the
dynamic toward impeachment impeachment
is hell and we're seeing polls in terms
of impeachment and so I think we have
reformed that under the aegis of
Attorney General Janet Reno when this
statute under which I was appointed
expired we went to a essentially a
restoration of the tradition that began
with ulysses s grant and had been the
tradition for lo those many years we
depend on the executive branch to engage
in a certain amount of self policing
including saying let's go outside to
appoint this particular investigator to
investigate the president
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
