just 55 days left until the
congressional elections new polling
tonight indicates that the situation is
much much worse than anyone thought for
the President of the United States and
the Republican Party one Republican
strategist told The Washington Post that
the Republican Congressional Campaign is
now a shipwreck it's a shipwreck now and
Republicans are not only on their way to
losing the house representatives but
they are now panicking that they could
lose the United States Senate that means
it is all up for grabs now the whole
thing the whole Congress if the
Democrats get the house and they get the
Senate that means the Trump presidency
will effectively be ended not one
Republican piece of legislation would
make it to the President's desk again
and the Democrats in the Senate could
stop all Trump nominations for every
office from even coming to a vote
including a nomination for attorney
general to replace Jeff Sessions or
possibly another nomination to the
Supreme Court Donald Trump of course
could not care less about being able to
sign a Republican infrastructure bill
which they would never get past anyway
or any other piece of legislation but
Donald Trump does care desperately about
the possibility that he would be
impeached by a Democratic House of
Representatives and then face an
impeachment trial in a Democratic
controlled Senate new polling on
impeachment is turning against the
president at the beginning of the summer
in June 42% said President Trump should
be impeached and removed from office and
51 percent said that he should not and
now in that very same poll 47 percent
say that President Trump should be
impeached and removed from office and 48
percent think that he should not those
numbers are going in the wrong direction
for the president the latest impeachment
polls come after an anonymous op-ed
piece from inside the Trump
administration says that there is a
resistance to Donald Trump within the
Trump administration an anonymous team
of Trump administration officials who
are resistors who work against the
president's wishes to prevent his most
dangerous impulses from turning in
action the new impeachment polling comes
after the arrival of bod Woodward's
stunning new book on the trump
presidency called fear a title that
captures most Americans feeling about
the Trump presidency according to the
new polls 47% of the country is ready to
impeach and remove Donald Trump from
office right now right now and they have
not heard one word yet about Donald
Trump from special prosecutor Robert
Muller imagine what will happen to that
number when the country does know
everything that Robert Muller knows what
are the chances of that 47% going down
president Trump doesn't think it will go
down and new reporting indicates he is
in full panic over the prospect of being
impeached by a Democratic House and now
possibly tried by a Democratic Senate
Axios reports tonight a few months ago
he was scoffing at midterm consequences
for him but now Trump has heard the dire
warnings from enough advisors that he's
shifting into Salvation mode sharpening
his campaign rhetoric rhetoric and
privately contemplating life under
subpoena and the threat and reality of
impeachment here's Donald Trump back in
May talking about the upcoming
congressional election so your vote in
2018 is every bit as important as your
vote in 2016 although I'm not sure I
really believe that but you know
I don't know who the hell wrote that
line I'm not sure the line was written
of course by the people who fill his
teleprompter with words like that which
he is always discovering for the first
time when he reads the teleprompter and
here is the same person last week
they'll say we want to impeach them then
you'll pitch them it's so ridiculous but
worry about that if it ever happens but
if it does happen it's your fault
because you didn't go out there though
I'll be the only president in this
they'll say what a job he's done by the
way where it featured him sounds like he
gets it now now Donald Trump knows it's
real now the Republican strategists who
are saying that the Republican campaign
is a shipwreck have finally gotten
through to Donald Trump because the
polls are delivering a message that even
Donald Trump cannot ignore today's
Quinnipiac poll shows that if the
election were held today 52 percent
would vote for a Democratic
congressional candidate and 38 percent
would vote for a Republican a Marist
Poll today shows similar results 50
percent saying they would vote for a
Democrat 38 percent saying they would
vote for a Republican the biggest
polling reversal for Republicans is in
the Midwest where the Trump tariffs have
done more damage to the agricultural
sector of the economy than any other the
Marist Poll shows in July emma Kratz and
Republicans were statistically tied in
the Midwest and now the Midwest favors
Democratic candidates by 51 percent to
37 percent Republican Senate Leader
Mitch McConnell can no longer pretend
that he's confident Republicans will
hold on to the Senate here's what he
said yesterday about the suddenly closed
Senate races that Republicans were
supposed to win like Texas where Ted
Cruz is now running scared against
democrat beta or Roarke all of them
too close to call and every one of them
like a knife fight in an alley I mean
just a brawl in every one of those
places I open the smoke clears that will
so I have a majority in the Senate
there's a historical perspective that I
for one always go back to when I look at
congressional election polling and what
looks like a wave and it's the 1994
congressional election two years into
Bill Clinton's presidency I was working
in the United States Senate then on the
Democratic side and so I had a strong
professional interest in the outcome we
had 57 Democrats in the Senate going
into that election and we thought we
might lose a couple or maybe even pick
up a couple of Democratic seats no big
deal no big change the House of
Representatives had actually been under
Democratic control for my entire life at
that point there was no possibility of
losing the House of Representatives in
there wasn't a single pundit in
Washington who ever predicted that the
Democrats were ever going to lose the
House of Representatives and at 2:00
p.m. on that election day in 1994 I got
a call from Sheila Burke who was then
known as the hundred and first senator
because she was Bob Dole's very powerful
chief of staff and Sheila Burke told me
that Bob Dole was going to be the next
majority leader of the United States
Senate because their exit polling was
telling them that the Republicans were
going to win the Senate and and win the
House of Representatives for the first
time in 40 years and that right there on
Election Day was the very first clue
that I had that the Democrats were in
trouble when it was way way way too late
right in the middle of Election Day
there wasn't a single campaign
strategist in Washington being quoted in
the Washington Post in those days saying
that the Democrats were shipwrecked that
they were gonna lose everything no one
saw it coming and the Congressional
polling showed that the two parties the
two parties were basically tied with the
voters and so after watching the
Democrats get shipwrecked in 1994 by a
wave that no one saw coming when you
look at this polling that already looks
like a shipwreck for Republicans one
thing to keep in mind is that the
polling
could be wrong and it could be wrong
meaning the Republicans might not do so
badly but the other thing the other
thing to keep in mind is that the
polling could easily be wrong in another
way it could be under estimating just
how chipwrecked the Republicans are
going to be on election night thanks for
checking out our youtube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
