President Trump obviously knows by now
that he cannot trust anyone in the White
House and Bob Woodward reveals in his
new book that the people in the White
House do not trust Donald Trump one way
to connect the dots on this there's a
war on truth that the president launches
and he just will not accept it's not a
matter of alternative data but the
information in the data and the
conclusions of particularly national
security experts in his own government
and economic and financial experts so in
the course of this people closest to him
do not trust him and the impulse driven
presidency is something the more people
know the more they realized were at risk
another example of the impulse driven
pred presidency is Bob Woodward's
talking about was given by former NSA
director Mike Rogers this week Rogers
said that he gave Trump detailed
briefings on Russian hacking efforts
though Trump would tell him Mike you
know I'm in a different place
Rogers wouldn't expand on what he
thought Trump meant by that but added
that he would that he would reply sir
this isn't about politics it isn't about
party it's about a foreign state that is
attempting to subvert the very tenets of
our structure but Donald Trump did have
an alternative fact about the deficit
before he became president during the
transition when economic adviser Gary
Cohen raised concerns about the deficit
and the debt according to Bob Woodward's
book Donald Trump said what do you mean
Trump asked just run the presses print
money you can't just print money Cohn
said why not why not it was clear that
Trump did not understand the way the US
government debt cycle balance sheet
worked Bob Woodward wrote of course only
the Federal Reserve can instruct the
Bureau of Engraving in the US Mint to
print more money and printing more money
does not change how much money the
government is actually spending which
actually is how the government's deficit
and debt is created by governments
during the first weeks of the
administration Bob Woodward writes
several times Cohen just asked the
president why do you have these views I
just do
Trump replied I've had these views for
30 years that doesn't mean they're right
Cohn said I had the view for 15 years
that I could play professional football
it doesn't mean I was right up next
we'll find out how wrong Ron Klain
believed he could play professional
football Ron Klain will join us with
more on Donald Trump's war on the truth
what matters to people is the
performance is President and when you
dig into this and excavate it again you
find people are worried about the
performance the inability to grow the
inability to listen the inability to
change his mind and back with us is Ron
Klain and Ron what you see throughout
the book is the president's inability to
process fact to understand what a fact
is yeah you know Lawrence I think even
more than fooling himself about it being
a football player Gary Cohen fooled
himself and believing President Trump
could take advice but look Trump told us
during the campaign we forget some of
the old crazy things because of the new
crazy things but during the campaign he
said I'm my own top advisor because I
have quote a very good brain so that was
the premise under which Donald Trump
became president and that's I think the
reality that anyone who tries to advise
Donald Trump has to run into there's a
repeated scenes in the book where the
president is told that Iran was not in
violation of the Iran deal at any point
and then there's this woodward passage
there in violation Trump said in a
meeting before the July 17th deadline
and you need to figure out how the
argument is going to be made to declare
that one day Tillerson came to the
dining room next to the Oval Office to
see Trump and Priebus and explained to
the president again but there was no
violation they are in violation Trump
insisted and you should make the case
that this agreement is done
finished yeah obviously you know the
biggest non secret and Washington's the
president Trump has a very detached
relationship with the truth and look I
worked for two presidents and sometime
the facts don't fit your political
reality and you have to adjust your
position to fit the facts and this is a
president that absolutely refuses to do
that whether it's on climate change or
other kinds of scientific matters or if
not matters of national security he
simply goes with his constructs his
political crazy constructs and
disregards the facts that's why he can't
keep good advisors and that's why he
makes so many horrible decisions as
president according to the Woodward book
there was a worst day of the Trump
presidency and that of course was the
day that special prosecutor Robert
Muller was appointed in the Woodward
book it goes this way
Trump's mood deteriorated overnight in
the next day May 18th was the worst the
president erupted into uncontrollable
anger visibly agitated to a degree that
no one in his inner circle had witnessed
before it was a harrowing experience we
barely got by Rob Porter said to an
associate Porter had never seen Trump so
visibly disturbed so Ron it seems he had
something to be disturbed about when a
special prosecutor was named yeah worst
day for who Laurie it's definitely not
the worst day for the American people
when Robert Muller was appointed and I
fear that the worst day for the Trump
presidency is always the day after
tomorrow and the day after that the day
after that but you're right I mean an
innocent person I mean no one likes to
be investigated that's that's fair but
an innocent person wouldn't be thrown
into a tailspin by an inquiry into what
happened in the 2016 election the fact
that Tripp was so so distraught about
that is a big tell to what he knows and
what hopefully Robert Moeller's finding
out and at the outset of the special
prosecutors investigation it was not
specifically an investigation of Donald
Trump himself so what did he have to be
so upset about right you'd think again
if he were innocent if there was no
collusion no collusion no collusion he
would have been helping Muller to to run
that to ground to prove Bob mowers a
very fair man to prove that in fact
nothing bad happened in 2016 if
I was concerned about this investigation
from day one that's because he had
something to be concerned about and Ron
Klain before you go the America wants to
know when did you give up your dream of
being a professional football player
like yeah own did Gary Cohen says when
he was 15 years old yeah you know Lords
I grew up in Indianapolis we all wanted
to be basketball players when you're
five foot nine in Jewish you give up
that dream very very early I'm sure you
dreams die early right claim thank you
very much for joining us thanks for
checking out our youtube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
