the normal number is 3.5 and anything
over 3.5 is considered a high light
level six six five six five five six
seven ten six eight six six 14 not a
single number that says 3.5 or lower no
that means every child on this sheet of
paper has an elevated level of what yeah
and I said so let's just call the
parents and retest and they said no we
can't do that just put them in as a 3.5
then and so the parents aren't able to
start taking immediate action to help
the child that can lead poison they
think their child is fine and they mine
my child tested low if there was one
part of Michael Moore's new film
Fahrenheit 11 9 that most filled me with
wrath and rage it was the poisoning of
the people of this city in Flint
Michigan it makes me want to know who is
being held accountable and all in
reporter Tremaine Lee came here to try
to answer that question everybody that
had your hand in it that signed a permit
the signed application needs to go to
jail there are other people that was
involved that are not being charged if
they were a person on the street and
they poison a whole town of people or
even one person they will be put in jail
for me of course the governor is where
the buck stopped over Snyder governor
Snyder he has to be held accountable are
there people who you believe committed
crimes that have yet to be charged we
have charged 15 people
we've had several pleas people have
already been adjudicated we have had
people that have been bound over to
trial and to the circuit court
among those 15 people charged pretty
high-profile named Nick Lyon right
that's is this unprecedented in terms of
the head of the health department being
charged with manslaughter the simple
answer to your question is yes so I
don't know of any other government
agency director that has ever been
charged in our country at this level
here what's unprecedented in the United
States is when the government pays for
the defense the defense experts the
witnesses their lawyers I've never seen
this much money ever I'm going up
against Goliath clearly you believe
because Nick Lyon is charged with
manslaughter that he played a role in
the poisoning of this city I charged
Nick through a system where I had peer
review and we did that and a judge found
that our charges merited probable cause
that a crime was committed and he
committed it so the people of Flint have
been looking for justice for a very long
time are they finally getting it justice
is going to be 12 people sitting in a
box a jury box making a decision one way
or the other and justice will be what
those 12 people decide and all in
reporter Tremaine Lee joins me now along
with Michael Moore an area and a hawk
whose son was literally the poster child
for the poisoning of Flitz children on
the cover of Time magazine and April
cook Hawkins the Genesee County Health
Department whistleblower who you saw in
that movie Clevenger main let me start
with you this this is a high-profile
trial in which the head of the State
Health Department has been charged with
manslaughter two counts of manslaughter
people in this community can tell you
stories about family been affected
people who died and the state will say
that a dozen people died but there's
evidence to suggest many more died so
while people here know what happened
they also know there was a cover-up
there's an email trail they know exactly
who should be held responsible Nick Lyon
is a big name but perhaps just the tip
of the iceberg the idea that for more
than a dozen months people in the city
were poisoned and the frustration and
anger you hear people's voices because
not only how they've been affected their
children but that as of now no one has
really been held accountable
arianna your son sincere right as
someone who has lived this firsthand
seen it firsthand how do you feel about
the prosecutions about accountability
and whether anyone really has been held
to account I'm angry
it's taking away too long if this would
have been a normal person on the street
they would have been tried by now they
will be in jail by now they will have
justice
so for this to be going on for so long
it makes me angry that you know the
lawyers are you know sitting up sucking
up all this money that we are still
suffering our pipes are still not
replaced you know this is a problem
people are watching this there's some
people there are some people who are
watching us who kind of remember about
the Flint water thing and then maybe
it's drifted away from their mind like
you're living this everyday what can you
tell them about what the reality is here
now four years later four years later my
son for example we still can't safely
use our water we still can't he can't
take a bath without telling me it burns
his rashes are back you know things are
not better I'm still scared to use the
water I don't want to let my younger
kids use the water I have an eleven year
old who's facing memory loss he's 11 he
can't remember what happened yesterday
these are the reality of the things that
are happening to our babies right now
still still to this day people in here
you you had are people using their water
at home still you still don't have clean
water there are people in here who once
a week if they have a relative in
Detroit in our way take their children
for their once a week shower at our way
just to take a shower you you worked in
inside the state agency or they could I
guess the county agency right all right
you work for the county and you saw this
unfolding do you think there's
sufficient accountability I feel like
people need to be held accountable down
even to the health department do you
think crimes were committed
why were you do you feel like you were
told to lie yes and why do you think
they tried to cover it up on a Health
Department level I believe there was not
enough people they didn't have the
capacity there to handle such a case
so with two caseworkers that's all they
had and so they just said mark him down
3.5 and move on
correct I got to imagine Michael let's
say let's say something happened where
the resources were brought to Flint to
actually clean the water okay
they bring they clean the water they got
fresh water back using the Great Lakes
which is 84 percent of the world's fresh
water the most incredible freshwater
supply known to humans on the earth the
trust that has been disrupted here I
just can't imagine how anyone can trust
anything they are told no ever again
right like how like they lied and
poisoned you right and they covered it
up covered it up and they tried to get
even though even the lowest workers on
the chain like April 2 to lie for them
how they thought they were going to get
away with this is amazing and it's and
they're not going to and but it's are
they that's my questioning you say this
is not right I mean you say it's the
movie that this was the microcosm
there's some ways where this was the
this was the test run for what 10 what
can someone get away with and the
American city we were sitting in right
now was poisoned by its own government
yeah yeah I'll atone remember by the
state government was poison and there's
a few prosecutions but like I don't
everything go right off the side decline
is still running the State Health
Department for manslaughter that was the
governor of the Snyder is still in
office he still sits in the governor's
chair today and Snyder's Attorney
General his Republican Attorney General
is running for governor in this
November's election and let me just say
this let's say let's say when they
decided to take Flint off the pure
glacial waters of Lake Huron which they
did they think it was there and they
decided to stop doing
didn't have a mayor so the the manager
the dictator said this is the way it's
gonna be you're gonna drink from the
Flint River and and and that was that
and nobody had any say in it and and so
let's say but let's say they didn't know
that that that was going to poison the
people even though I could take you down
to the river right now and you're not a
scientist and you will figure out you're
not gonna drink from that River no
matter how many friggin filters I put on
that water for you all right
oh so listen so and so at a certain
point after a few days or weeks of
hearing complaints and then he's the
governor sent somebody quietly to Flint
and the he reports back oh you gotta
switch back to the Lake Huron water this
is good you got to get into damage
control this is all and he does nothing
from the moment that he and his staff
knew that the people of Flint were being
poisoned even if they didn't set out to
poison them if I saw somebody slipped
some arsenic into your tea a half hour
ago and I just said here and said
nothing and did nothing I am guilty and
I can be arrested because I knew you
were gonna die because you were gonna
drink that tea
people people vaguely know they know
what happened with the water in Flint or
vaguely know about it outside of Flint I
think something they don't know at all
is something that appears in the film
that I think a lot of people if they see
the movie are gonna walk out being like
what the hell was that so I want to play
this footage from the film its footage
of Flint this the city the word Flint
Michigan something being done to Flint
Michigan I want to play it and have you
wait for contest yeah this is 14 months
after the poisoning began right so the
people have already been poisoned now
for 14 months and then this happened
take a look
you
what the hell was that that was the
federal government now the Department of
Defense sadly under President Obama
deciding to use Flint as target practice
as training for the US Army and with no
notice to the people in Flint one night
they just start bombing Flint its Lowell
jun'er High School you all remember
Lowell that's they just fired a missile
in the hole they started they went into
the old Michigan National Detroit in
northern building firing guns and and
the the people and some of the people
are here that were took some of the home
video footage said to the police what's
going on here where are we under attack
it looked like a terrorist attack and it
was our all new US Army and and the army
guy said no there's just so many
abandoned abilities here we thought it'd
be great for target practice and so they
just started bombing these building you
were firing missiles do you remember
that night do I remember hearing those
loud bombs and you know not knowing what
the heck was going on or where it was
coming from and just like following my
friend who was just up here like her if
I wouldn't ever follow her feet I
wouldn't ever knew about it because we
were just like what is going on
something's happening like what is
happening to us do you guys that was
that just one night you started hearing
gunfire and yeah we can ten days not was
it covered in the national media you
couldn't get away with that stuff in the
old days here you could do that but you
can also do it because this is a
majority-black City
just a final thought here as folks here
in Flint for people that are watching
this like what do you want to tell
people about what you've learned over
the last four years and what what does
Flint need what does Flint need from us
in the rest of the country it needs for
people to be awoke it needs for people
to see that what happened in Flint could
happen to your neighborhood it could
happen to yo kids they cop it to your
family don't take stuff for granted
don't take the water for granted don't
you know some stuff you just have to
open your eyes and see you know you
can't look at media and think that
everything is OK in Flint like people
have for the last past four years we've
been suffering they always testing
things out here if we just closed down
all the factories would the people rise
up no if we destroyed their economy what
would happen nothing we could we poison
the water and actually kill people with
Legionnaires disease and what would
happen to us
governors are still sitting there in the
chair today and could we bomb but that
could we just bomb this city and nothing
would happen
it's an underreported story thank you
for reporting
we're talked about we're talking about
the sort of stakes for what happens next
in this coming election I want to thank
you guys so much for joining me
stick around don't go anywhere in the
film you make I think it extremely
provocative and it will be surely
controversial there's a whole portion
about the rise of the Nazis in Nazi
Germany you even have a section in which
you have literally Hitler with Donald
Trump boys it's funny hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
