the White House has been rocked by
reports of internal mutiny aides
literally stealing paper off Trump's
death to trick him out of mixing a trade
deal and one previous Trump employee say
well she's not surprised because that's
how Trump rolled in business where
employees say surviving required
ignoring his quote ridiculous orders
that longtime Trump executive barberis
writes today that she played along with
him and then didn't carry out some of
those orders just like current staff and
she joins us now she's the author of the
book all alone on the 68th floor and
another author joins us baratunde a
Thurston why are you sounding this alarm
now working for Trump as you have I met
the article on the anonymous article and
it bothered me a little bit because I
thought what are you saying here you you
do all these things I don't see any
evidence of it I want to see this crazy
scheme some crazy ideas that are coming
to fruition and why not say something
specific in the article here's what we
did it was more like it was almost self
congratulatory oh look what we're saving
the country behind the scenes that
bothered me a little bit that's stuck in
your craw yes it is sort of rankled you
yeah you know I had put up with a lot of
this now granted he may be much worse
than he was when I worked for him we
were able to control him we had a good
quote but I don't see much he's less
controllable today I think probably yeah
you know I believe it I am struck first
of all thank you for the piece that you
wrote Barbara because I think Barbara
reminded us so many of the things we've
known about Donald Trump The Lying the
cheating the narcissism and the bullying
but now as you pointed out it's in the
White House and so one of the thoughts
that I had is know people who are doing
the same job that you documented being
done decades ago now in a position of
maximum power in the world but not
coming forward right there there maybe
they want to preserve their own power
maybe they want to play the part of the
hero I would be happier if they didn't
go anonymous but didn't tell Bob
Woodward if it's all Paul Ryan we have
told the House Oversight Committee if
you take some of these documents or some
of these tails to the designated
governmental body that's supposed to be
the check on this power and and that
kind of resistance what do you think in
your experience motivates people to only
in certain cases stand up to Donald
or to report him to construction
authorities or building code authorities
like he's been breaking rules for a very
long time with real consequences for
real people for very long time
well let me say that I was not aware of
any rules that were broken I was break
rules but we didn't do that but people
are very very afraid of him I mean look
at all the Republicans what's they doing
why are they doing what they do they're
terrified remember that terrified of
losing their you know their support and
their the money base but why doesn't
anyone stand up to this guy it's amazing
to me I'm we did regularly there were a
bunch of us that did back in the day and
I think part of the big difference I've
seen him is who he hires he's got people
that are sick offense that tell him
you're great and they run off and do
what he says to do without question like
telling the world that he had a bigger
crowd at his inauguration and then Obama
day nobody has these are all cowardly
people and I see anonymous I hate to say
it is a count you you would think that
so that's one area where you and the
president actually overlap because he
also says this person's a coward yeah I
do I mean you know you don't do that you
don't say I know this and and but I'm
not telling you who I am so you can't
really check it out it's I'm sure it's
true I'm sure everything they said was
true where is the present service what
about what about the flip side I put
this to both to you that Donald Trump
does as you say try to punish people
they've forced a lot of people into
these hush agreements these
non-disclosure agreements that person
for all we know maybe a career civil
servant who got up to a political
appointee job who doesn't want to spend
years in litigation or like Andy McCabe
risked their pension I mean is it too
easy for us on the outside and I ask
this as a serious question to say they
should devote their life to standing up
and being ready to be punished as a
whistleblower maybe they feel they
didn't sign up for that when they went
to serve their country I didn't say that
I said this shouldn't be writing
articles and the times it's now kind of
do that yeah you know if yeah if you
don't want to stand up look a lots of
people don't look I don't think anyone
is gonna go to jail for Trump at the end
of the day I don't think anyone will and
I would no matter what so I don't think
that's would you visit him if he were in
it
I think one of the I had an observation
on election night it was a devastating
moment for a lot of people including
myself that one of the greatest threats
to our democracy is our blind faith in
it and I'd like a lot of the people in
these positions of attempting to
restrict the president may be fearing
consequences are also assuming someone
else is going to handle this and a
courts gonna handle this a member of
Congress is gonna handle this and we all
need to be handling this I think there's
just we're not we weren't prepared for
the storm that is Donald Trump he had a
public eye one everyone view and and I
tried all right alongside you in a
different position to do the same but
now we're here and he has nuclear codes
and he's trying to assassinate people
and babies are being kidnapped so the
consequences are real and we have to
remember that we are this democracy I
think which is a fitting a point to
pause and reflect on ferritin day
Thurston abar Burress thank you both hey
I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you can
see more of our videos right here or
better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
