jump by you Michel cinder White House
correspondent for PBS news hour Robert
Costa national political reporter for
The Washington Post and Tim O'Brien
executive editor of Bloomberg opinion
but Brooke Woodward says in this book
about this president or basically he is
incapable of expressing the truth
because just not actually worthy and
more scary to me that he's unattached to
reality now he's coming out and saying
he deserves a pluses for his handling of
hurricanes and basically is ignoring
what looks to be the storm warnings of
him losing both houses of Congress in
November well President Trump is someone
who wants to look like he's winning at
all times even if he's lost obviously
more than three thousand people are some
three thousand people were killed in
Hurricane Maria people had no
electricity in Puerto Rico which is part
of the United States for more than a
year so there's this idea that he
doesn't want to deal with any of that he
doesn't want to deal with the reality
that there were people suffer suffering
because of the things that the things
that his government failed to do so in
his response instead of doing instead of
kind of taking credit for that he's
saying well really it's this mayor of
San Juan who's been very critical and
open about how much I should have done
differently and as a result he's
attacking so he's picked a fight with a
minority woman yes that's not unusual is
it no let me go to robert Kosta you know
is he thinking about the optics or is he
thinking about the performance
I get the sense that bills shine the
optics guy is gonna be in charge of this
hurricane coming to the Carolinas
sometimes the optics are out of your
control a hurricane is not a TV studio
you look back at 2012 talking to
Republicans all day they say President
Obama handled sandy went to New Jersey
worked with a Republican and Governor
Chris Christie but this could also be
this come in hurricane hopefully for
that not the people on the ground but it
could be like Katrina was for the Bush
administration it's a test for an
administration you're right they're
facing two waves that blue wave too for
the Democrats
yeah well Tim O'Brien you're an expert
on Trump go back to this is he capable
of seeing what's coming as reality or is
he just you know I hear that he doesn't
like to prepare he likes to improvise
but part of improvising it seems he's
got any recognized truth does he fit
does he realize he could lose both
houses of Congress this November does he
recognize that this is a category four
hurricane which requires real executive
skill and dealing with it
whether or not he recognizes it Chris I
don't know how much he authentically
cares about it I think one of the
president's strengths historically is
that he is a survivor he cares a lot
about self aggrandizement and a lot
about survival and one of the keys to
him being a survivor is that he lives in
his own reality distortion field
he's almost impervious sometimes to
advice and he's certainly impervious of
the fact pattern when it comes to
November I think he's going to be
looking away from that and he will blame
it on the GOP he'll blame it on Paul
Ryan he'll blame it on the party he'll
blame it on Mitch McConnell he won't
take any responsibility for whatever
results in November when it comes you
know to hurricane relief this is
something that should reside right in
his wheelhouse he is a builder and a
developer he sees himself as a can-do
person what happened in Puerto Rico a
year ago despite what he's how he's
tried to spin this is the hurricane made
landfall in Puerto Rico on September
20th he didn't convene a national
security meeting on on the situation in
in a Situation Room meeting on the
situation in Puerto Rico until six days
later and yes they were they were
confronted with an island that was
distant from the from the states they
had two flies they can't vote they well
but you know those those foot Porto
Ricans can vote and a lot of them have
gone to Florida so he's going to have an
electoral reality around that but the
other thing is is the Obama
administration got relief to Haiti in
2010 even though it was an island in the
middle of the big ocean I think the test
on on on Florence is can he orchestrate
a mature sophisticated response to a
natural disaster and I think that's a
wait-and-see well as I mentioned before
author abroad Woodward issued a stark
warning this week that the Trump White
House isn't prepared for a crisis here's
Bob you look at the operation of this
White House and you have to say let's
hope to god we don't have a crisis
people who work for him are
worried that he will sign things or give
orders that threaten the national
security or the financial security of
the country or the world according to
Woodward's book the president does not
like to prepare himself for the
responsibilities of the office he holds
as one aide concluded Trump acted like
doing too much advance preparation would
diminish his skills and improvising as
if a plan would take away his power what
do you make of that Doug well here's
I'll say this the president Wong has got
he believes in his goodie blues on this
idea that he can captain his own ship
and as a result he knows what's best the
problem is that empathy is a big part of
the presidential job and it's something
that president Trump hasn't done well
every time the nation's looked at him
think of Charlottesville to try to bring
us together
he's really failed at that so as a
result now you're having this big
hurricane that's coming and instead of
saying oh my god we need to make sure
we've learned from our mistakes you want
to try to make sure that the people feel
safe he's saying some of that on Twitter
but he can't help but also say this is
really about me and I did such a great
job and I'm getting accolades he
literally said in the White House today
that he should get accolades and he's
getting accolades what Congress from all
the things that he's dealing let me let
me go to Robert do you have a sense that
this is true do you by the fact the
Woodward's article do you by the fact
that Trump doesn't like to prepare in
other words if he knows there's a
hurricane coming to the Carolinas you
get a bunch of people in the room with
charts and everything else okay what's
our plan when it hits what are you gonna
play who's gonna be discharged is it
gonna be FEMA is gonna do this and the
governor gonna do this what's the
governor has that relationship where's
the war room who's gonna do it and when
am I gonna get the call when I have to
release federal money that doesn't he
not do that he would do that wouldn't he
wouldn't he do that minimal planning for
a hurricane would words depiction of the
president straight is accurate look back
to the campaign the president had a
whole plan for the transition he ripped
it up he didn't want to even address
right he said I don't want to purse
dishes
yeah it'll spook me he would and he
wanted to run on his instincts but the
government is separate from the
president the buck stops with the
president every president you have to
answer for how your government handles
these kind of situations but the
government when you talk to people
inside of the administration they say
we're moving on with this hurricane in
preparation regards what the president
wants they do say he could face a
political challenge and
why didn't he do infrastructure first
why did he go after the tax cut health
care
did he really prepare this country
infrastructure wise for a hurricane the
optics optics is gonna be really
important here when I talked to sources
at the White House they say that the
president really cares about the country
people need to understand that well
remember the optics from Hurricane Maria
it was the president throwing paper
towels and he won the maybe he was he's
learned from that and the least will say
okay I'm gonna take their their advice
and not go and throw paper towels at
people
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
