joined by Delaware Democratic Senator
Chris Coons he's a member of the Senate
Judiciary Committee and we don't know
how he's gonna vote so senator Coons
welcome thanks Chuck it's always good to
be on with you
let me ask you this have you made a
decision yet on judge Cavanaugh well
Chuck as I hope you saw I did my job as
a senator in really pressing judge
Cavanaugh in the hearings last week
questioning him aggressively on
presidential power and on his views of
some rights and liberties that are very
important to the American people
he claimed that I miss quoted him quoted
him out of context didn't represent his
views accurately so I've sent him
another round of written questions and
I'm giving him an opportunity to set the
record straight but frankly I have grave
concerns about his judicial philosophy
and unless I hear something strikingly
different in the written responses than
I heard in the testimony I'm not
inclined to support it when you say is
there is there is there something
specific that he didn't answer your
question that if he if he answers it a
better way you'll be open to supporting
them well I questioned him on two
different topics Chuck there were many
others that other members of the
committee questioned him on that also
concerned me but I really went to school
on the issues around presidential power
and in particular whether or not it
really is his view that a president can
fire at will a special counsel
investigating him just because he
dislikes the special counsel or the job
he's doing not for cause and whether a
president can shield himself from
accountability by refusing to comply
with a subpoena for investigations for
evidence or for testimony I think it's
obvious to your viewers why this is
currently relevant sure the other line
of questions I pursued had to do with
his of his approach to something that's
called substantive due process it's been
at the foundation of recent opinions by
Justice Kennedy that recognized a right
to marriage or marriage equality and
that further advanced the right to
access to contraception to abortion and
that's been at the core of a number of
key decisions around reproductive rights
and LGBT rights in recent years I wasn't
satisfied with his answers on that line
either and I frankly would be stunned if
he reversed course based on what he has
said and written and decided over the
last few years
does sound like we got an idea where
you're leaning but you are gonna
officially wait for his answers on these
written questions I've got to ask you
about some of the tactics of some of the
special interest groups you've heard
report there's been coat hangers sent to
Senator Susan Collins as office some
really nasty voicemails that have been
played
you know the tactics it seems that the
extreme tactics being used I I'm sure
you get that there's a lot of passion
what do you make of them if there is a
huge amount of passion as I think the
whole country saw dozens of people were
arrested in the course of the hearings
all of our offices have gotten hundreds
if not thousands of calls many on a
daily basis and I think that's well
justified because of the level of fear
of concern of anxiety both about the
unpredictable behavior of our president
and the ways in which the Supreme Court
may very well shift to a conservative
majority for years or decades to come on
some vital issues about individual
liberty in this country I do I'll take
your point though Chuck I do think it
may end up backfiring in that it may
turn off several of the key centrist
votes both Republican and Democrat who
are willing to consider a vote against
Kavanagh as they're weighing their
decision here in the last days do you
think that when you look back at how you
guys handle the confirmation hearings
and I say this is the group of Senate
Democrats and the Judiciary Committee
let's be realistic I don't feel like you
guys were on the same page I think I
could tell I had senator Sheldon
Whitehouse on I think he was not happy
with the idea of walking out or trying
to Pro would you do you concede that you
guys didn't have a strategy or there
were too many people maybe you had a
strategy and Sheldon Whitehouse at a
strategy and kummel era said another one
in court book it didn't seem like you
guys were always on the same page well
I'll say this I was proud of my
colleagues on the Democratic side in the
committee who came well-prepared and
well grounded who asked a tough and
focused questions there's a lot of
different material to cover here with a
judge who has been a partisan engaged in
both the bush White House and the Ken
Starr the Judge Starr investigation of
the Clinton
Whitehouse and given his 300 opinions on
the DC Circuit so maybe to the general
public it seemed as if we were focusing
on different topics but what I thought
was important was we were focusing on
different topics you've got some very
skilled and experienced senators from
dick Blumenthal to Amy Klobuchar who are
career prosecutors who practiced law for
many years and then our seasoned members
folks like Senator Durbin Senator Leahy
and senator Feinstein who I thought
really pressed Cavanaugh our goal here
was to fold one was to make clear our
complaints our objections to the failure
to produce documents and then second was
to really question Cavanaugh
aggressively if Democrats went back the
Senate are you gonna are you gonna push
Chuck Schumer to bring back the
filibuster for judicial nominations I
think we should seriously discuss
whether or not restoring the filibuster
for all nominations wouldn't in the long
term strengthen our federal judiciary
strength in the Supreme Court by
requiring future presidents of both
parties to nominate confirmable judges
and justices Chuck I am concerned about
the ways in which we now talk about
judges as if they wear blue jerseys and
red jerseys and you can predict exactly
what they're going to do based on which
president nominated them I like to tell
people if you like the way Congress
functions as a polarized body just wait
till you see the judiciary in 20 years
Senator Chris Coons Democrat from
Delaware thanks for coming on sir sure
Thank You Chuck hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more beat the press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
