welcome back I'm Ali Velshi live in
Wilmington North Carolina the state's
governor issuing this dire warning the
time to prepare is almost over
Florence's damaging winds and rains are
expected to begin hitting the coast
early Friday morning maybe Thursday
night you'll certainly feel the effects
of it earlier than that depending on how
long Florence drifts some coastal areas
could see more than three feet of rain
at the same time residents could be
dealing with tropical storm wind gusts
for up to 60 straight hours and
hurricane wind gusts for 24 straight
hours this place that I'm in right now
might be under hurricane-force winds for
24 hours think about that new video this
is it just in from the international
space station shows you how massive this
storm is it's swirling at 130 miles per
hour across the Atlantic moving at about
17 miles per hour joining me live is Ken
Graham he's the director of the National
Hurricane Center can I've been watching
your updates regularly I want to ask you
one thing that people are asking me on
Twitter
there are different types of forecasts
there are different forecasting models
and they show slightly different things
why are there different forecasts and
why do we decide which ones we're using
and and not decide on others yeah we got
different models that we use here at the
hurricane center and you know we do get
those different tracks but what we do
here instead of using one or two we
actually use what's called an ensemble
so we get dozens of model runs within
there and you do get some different
tracks at times but for the most part we
use a combination we try to use that
ensemble and use an average of those and
it really helps us out make that
forecast but the thing is with this
system we need to be careful looking at
those models we need to be really
careful looking at that the track in
this case this storm is so big and the
impacts are so large even those impacts
of hurricane-force winds rain and storm
surge extend out of the cone so that's
what we need to be careful of let's
concentrate definitely on these impacts
what is your opinion is our the most
dangerous aspects of the storm and we
can't isolate because wind is dangerous
flooding dangerous storm surge is
dangerous what what are you worried
about here you know just every facet of
the impacts with this system becomes a
major player because once you start
slowing down a systems if you were
talking about look how slow each one of
these is
another forecast point the closer those
are together the slower the storm and
areas receiving prolonged winds over
saturated soil so we're looking at
prolonged power outages and winds look
at the rainfall forecast is just
absolutely staggering 20 to 40 inches
potentially and even stretching inland
so remember it's not just a coastal
event here those inland floods can be
extremely dangerous especially with
terrain we see six to ten inches over
portions of North Carolina and some of
the forecasts looking at some of that
heavy rain getting into South Carolina
very dangerous and of course the storm
surge causing half the fatalities
traditionally and looking back in
history of in these tropical systems and
the storm surge is just staggering in
some of these areas with values 4 to 9
feet 9 to 13 feet so so critical to pay
attention to where you are listen to
those local officials and if they tell
you to get out you got to get out
today's the last day we need to prepare
for those in terms of the magnitude of
this storm and the number of people
affected by it a few days ago places
like Charlotte we're still on the
periphery Columbia South Carolina was
going to get some bad weather and maybe
some flooding nothing serious Atlanta
was in the clear and now all three of
those cities might be getting the
effects of this storm fairly directly
and that's those how large this system
is I mean looking at this you know this
is 170 miles away from that Center we
have those tropical storm force winds
and look at anywhere in here this is
still our cone and that really means
two-thirds of the time the center could
be any one of these areas and as a
result those impacts are going to be
widespread so you look at it with time
it's really about being ready it's not
necessarily looking the the values of
where you are that could change with
time small shifts in that forecast right
adjust the rainfall values little
differences can make a big difference on
the ground right and and and again as I
was talking to the town manager from
Carolina Beach about 15 miles from here
there are still some people who think
that sticking around helps them save
their property when you are talking
about this type of wind that type of
rain the force in which it comes in and
the storm surge no person can save their
property in this case you have that kind
of we're talking like you know 10 foot
of storms there's 13 you talk about
prolonged winds that property gets
damaged and destroyed and with the storm
surge and the flooding so the bottom
line here is about saving lives that's
our mission here at the Weather Service
and throughout the hurricane center here
so the bottom line is saving your life
if
officials tell you to leave you've got
to get out to protect your life simple
as that all right based on what you've
seen in Prior stores particularly when
we look at things like Harvey the the
the lasting effect people might say I
can make it through a few days of a
storm the issue is here now we're having
people fairly honestly say it'll be a
matter of days if not longer before you
get your power back and you get fresh
water yeah because the slow speed here
so if you think about it you know this
is a hurricane so you got a hurricane
right off the coast and that right there
looking at Thursday night and then
Friday morning and this right here is is
Saturday look how long we're working
right on the coast so we're talking
about prolonged winds even outside this
cone so if you think about it all that
rain and you have the winds for so long
that's going to knock down trees you're
gonna have incredible power outages long
lasting effects so it's not necessarily
about just getting through its the
after-effects it's the indirect effects
and that can also be deadly
as we lose power you're hot and and all
the issues associated with the indirect
fatalities we got to keep an eye on that
too just because you get through it
doesn't mean you're out of danger hey
MSNBC fans thanks for checking out our
YouTube channel subscribe by clicking on
that button down there and click on any
of the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
