Kelly Oh what more can you tell us well
we were briefed by the Director of
National Intelligence dan coates and the
president's national security adviser
John Bolton and they told us that the
president has already signed this broad
executive order that would target the
potential for sanctions against
individuals countries entities if they
interfere with the election in terms of
the campaign infrastructure but also
going beyond that to look at things like
disinformation this of course is all in
the wake of the 2016 Russian
interference and officials today told us
that it is not just Russia they're also
looking at China North Korea as
potential suspects as well they also
told us dan coates said that at this
point we're not seeing the intensity of
interference that we saw in 2016 but he
said it's just a keyboard click away
from that possibility this also
according to these officials puts into
place a national emergency is declared
by the president but notably this is not
something he did on camera and we've
seen him many times make it a public
event with the big signature and holding
up the document he chose not to do that
in this case and we have not yet gotten
the specific paperwork about what this
will all include but it would set into
motion if there is evidence of
interference that either goes at
election infrastructure the parties the
results of the upcoming midterm election
or in this more of a information
campaign if they find evidence it would
allow the Department of State the
Department of Justice and others to
begin putting in place a punishment
sanctions in the form that we've seen at
other times so this is described as a
broad effort by the president who has
been criticized for not taking enough
steps against the Russian interference
john bolton says this is a proof in his
words that this is the president's a
high priority and that this is something
he wanted to do himself we expect to get
more and more specifics as the day
unfolds Craig Kelly O'Donnell therefore
from the White House force on the
breaking news Kelly oh thank you hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
