all these warnings of course bring us to
FEMA administrator Brock long joining me
now from the agency's headquarters in
Washington thank you very much for being
with us thank you and all of your teams
what are your warnings and which model
do you think is the most likely right
now you know I don't really pay
attention to models I focus on the
official forecast track from the
National Hurricane Center that it
compensates for all of them each one of
those models measures different elements
of the atmosphere and different things
so you know I have great confidence in
the National Hurricane Center's ability
to to forecast this and they're doing a
great job you know the citizens in North
and South Carolina have had many many
days noticed that this storm is coming
and it's going to make landfall as a
major hurricane and major hurricanes
calls the most amount of damage they
caused the most loss of life and this is
nothing to be played with today you know
the citizens along the coast of their
and the evacuation warning areas need to
get out they're running out of time to
do so the elements are going to start
impacting tonight and tomorrow and
anybody that stays behind is Al Roker
said you know you're putting your own
life in danger there is no expectation
that first responders will come in and
get you if you decide not to go and the
thing about storm surge with 13 feet of
water and that's the ocean rising above
mean sea level with wave action on top
of that 13 feet anybody that sticks
around that experiences that really
doesn't live to tell about it
so it's the unforgiving hazard that is
as dire a warning as you could have now
the issues that face FEMA are many
including a GAO report recent reports
saying that during last year's hurricane
related deployments 54 percent of FEMA
employees were not fully qualified for
the jobs that they were holding has that
changed in the last year well
unfortunately that's been taken way out
of context we have what's called the
National qualification system and the
term qualified we've never thrown
anybody unqualified at emergency
management these guys are dedicated
around them around the block but for
example in the national qualification
system there may be a qualification to
be a Pio
public information officer I am not
trained as a Pio I'm not qualified as a
Pio but yet I'm sitting in front of you
doing an interview so that that term is
being
okay now but here's what is important
about the GAO the GAO report lines up
very well with the the very open and
honest after-action report that we most
recently put forward but what's most
important in that GAO report as I
understand is look they discuss at the
bottom line this is a partnership there
is there has to be strong emergency
management government capability at all
levels of government for response and
recovery to go well and that's what
we're focused on this is a team effort
you know we've got strong leadership in
North Carolina South Carolina and
Virginia and you know the responsive
recovery will we'll be better served as
a result any time you're you have
diminished capacity any time you've let
your infrastructure rotten decay over
periods of time the the bottom line is
is that the response is not going to go
well so that's what America learned
that's what the GAO report says along
with our open and honest aar well well
you were in the Oval Office yesterday
when President Trump frankly shocked a
lot of people calling Puerto Rico
efforts last year an unsung success this
after this recent report the new study
saying that nearly 3,000 people were
killed American citizens not 64 people
as was originally estimated by the
government how can we call Puerto Rico
in an unsung success well bottom line is
anytime you have one death from a store
meant to death to many and we work
around the clock to prevent that every
day I you know I can't speak for the
president but I know that FEMA put a
hundred percent into Puerto Rico and
these people back here are incredibly
dedicated they work around the clock and
they get stepped on all the time bottom
line is is that I know and they know we
kept were Taco from total collapse as a
result of Maria and anytime that FEMA
goes into an event and we're the first
responder and only responder for many
months that's not a desirable situation
so what are we doing to fix that what
the nation needs to understand is that
we're building the backbone of Emergency
Management for the Commonwealth for the
78 municipalities FEMA is now one of the
largest employers in Puerto Rico we've
hired over an 1,800 people and we have
to build that capability along with the
Commonwealth but here's the conversation
that needs to occur needs to occur in
Congress it needs to occur across the
United States
if FEMA is gonna put 50 billion into
Puerto Rico and
and some of the estimates are that the
federal government's going to put in
addition 120 billion into Puerto Rico
what's the future of Puerto Rico what
should it look like how do we redesign
it to be more resilient economically
viable and how do we make sure that the
infrastructure such as the one of the
oldest power grids in the country is not
allowed to rot in decay which you know
when infrastructure is not working it
leads to more deaths and there's a big
discrepancy between direct deaths of how
people died from the wind or the water
or buildings collapse versus the long
term secondary or indirect deaths that
occurred over a six-month period and a
lot of that can be tied to a very weak
infrastructure that we work around the
clock in Puerto Rico to fix and the
governor knows that and many of the
municipalities understand that too and
if you want a true story go go talk to
some of the 1,800 Puerto Ricans that
we've hired to be part of this team to
build a new future for Puerto Rico well
we've had teams down there non-stop Gabe
Gutierrez and a lot of others but the
fact is just as after Katrina where
there was terrible infrastructure in
parts of New Orleans that is a federal
responsibility these are American
citizens no you're actually wrong on
that it's not a federal responsibility
to upkeep the infrastructure actually
mostly the infrastructure in this
company is owned by the private sector
FEMA doesn't control the maintenance of
the infrastructure and if you remember
when I went back for the third
supplemental after Congress I had to ask
for special authorities that's never
been done before to fix the deferred
maintenance or the infrastructure that
was allowed to rot the federal
responsibility the point I'm trying to
make let me ask you about red tape
because after all this tragedy people in
Puerto Rico we've now discovered only 75
as of July 30th only 75 of 20 341
request for emergency funeral assistance
for Puerto Ricans was approved because
of red tape because they needed
approvals from state officials when they
for months and months didn't have even
have electricity or communications is
there any way to clear up that kind of
red tape I'm sorry ma'am you know when
it came to the amount of food water and
commodities that we put on the island we
put over too many two billion dollars
worth of commodities into Puerto Rico
but but here again when it
back to who actually runs the food
chains it's the it's the major grocers
it's there's all kinds of things and
what we need to do is make sure like
what we did with hurricane lane in
Hawaii we're reaching out to grocery
stores we're reaching out to the major
retail providers to understand what they
have on island versus what we need to
backfill because again this is a
partnership if anybody is depending on
FEMA to be the sole responder and the
only responder that's not right and
that's what we're trying to correct and
and with Puerto Rico you know the amount
of money and the effort that's being put
into Puerto Rico it's going to be a
wonderful place and that's you know and
we're absolutely working every day to
make Puerto Rico resilient and
economically viable and the theme of
death benefits
the FEMA so so right yep so so we do we
do provide funeral benefits and you know
we've happy to offer up those numbers
you know when it comes to the exact
number I don't know the exact number but
it's quite it's quite a bit and but but
here's the thing too when it comes to
the indirect deaths in direct deaths not
not caused by the wind or the water or
building collapses or whatever it may be
the indirect deaths for any event are
typically greater in in many cases if
you look at the 2004 hurricanes in
Florida for example for storms in six
weeks you had people that died after the
storm passed because they fell off their
roof trying to make repairs they died in
car crashes because the stop lights were
off
you have changed soul accidents you have
accidents with people cleaning short you
couldn't get medical aid electricity
they didn't have dialysis machines no
all of those things take place yep so so
it's a question for HHS it's a question
of why the 67 hospitals inside Puerto
Rico had no plans they were not
mitigated they were not resilient and
now FEMA what we are as a granting
agency authority though it that the the
money that we're going to be putting
back in is to hopefully fix those
hospital systems to keep that from
happening but here again it's more than
FEMA FEMA is not all things to all
people are all parts of the
infrastructure and so that's what we
have to have an honest conversation
about even this is a partnership when
you deal with OMB with the budget folks
do you have any say
when they take ten million dollars I
I'll grant you let's stipulate you've
spent billions and billions you know
millions of dollars rather in Puerto
Rico and for the rest of the storm
recovery but when ten million dollars is
taken out of the FEMA budget and
reallocated to ice for detention
facilities right before the hurricane
season those questions are being asked
that right now in the appropriations
committees bye-bye yeah you know you
know right now that money has nothing to
do with what you see behind us it does
not pay for this response it is not
coming out of the disaster relief fund
it has no impact on our efforts to be
prepared for hurricane Florence it's
just unfortunately we have a congressman
that that is playing politics on the
back of Florence there's no story there
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
