we've been Criss crossing the country to
report on this Hali and we've seen this
increase in candidates identifying as
Democratic socialists this year but the
question is what does it really mean and
can it work in America's heartland take
a look a once atomic label socialism
Democratic socialists have become a
growing faction on the Left hoping for
big wins in this year's midterm
elections at all levels of government
I am a Democratic Socialist
they're demanding Medicare for all free
college tuition and a $15 minimum wage
do you consider yourself a socialist for
me what it means is that I think in a
modern society people should have access
to health care and education and access
to housing polls show nearly 2/3 of all
voters under the age of 30 say they
would vote for a socialist and 57% of
Democrats now view socialism positively
some even running themselves I consider
myself definitely anti-capitalist some
early and Sarah innamorato each defeated
incumbents to win their primary races
for the Pennsylvania State Legislature
capitalism doesn't work for my community
it's so funny because when people talk
about socialism they always say look at
Venezuela we talk about the failures of
capitalism no one ever says look at
Braddock look at the trees and so what
about critics who say you can fix the
existing system you don't have to create
a new socialist one when when will it
get fixed this experiment has been going
on for centuries now are we seeing more
and more people identifying a socialist
absolutely because people are realizing
how capitalism has left them let them
down but the movement has its critics
among conservative Republicans policy
positions are actually downright scary
in one country that socialism has ever
worked even some establishment Democrats
say socialism can't win in America's
heartland I don't think that you can go
too far to the left and still win the
Midwest here in Missouri groups like the
Democratic socialists of America are out
fixing cars and trying to win votes
first thing that stood out was for
education if your files under what I've
even then I guess I'm socialist /
Democratic and it's working I don't
think there's a huge different there are
certainly people here who need socialism
just the same as there are people in New
York with over 49,000 members across the
country their membership has grown six
hundred percent in the past two years
which is why socialist candidates say
this is their year to win this is what
our country needs this is what young
people need so we can see a brighter and
more diverse and inclusive future a
message they'll keep pushing all the way
through November the Democratic
socialists of America say they saw their
biggest increase in membership for a
single day in the hours after Alejandro
Castillo Cortes won her New York primary
and Democratic Socialist candidates say
that these midterms are really a chance
for voters to finally make sure that
everyday people have equal access to
American benefits and to the American
Dream Ally
NBC's Morgan Radford Morgan thank you
much for joining us on the show it's
always a pleasure to have you appreciate
it
thank you for checking out our YouTube
channel why don't you subscribe it's
really easy just click on that button
down there and for more news from MSNBC
click on any of these videos here for
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more videos from MSNBC with our
newsletters head over to msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up
