this week I remember well marks 10 years
since the fall of Lehman Brothers and
the beginning of the worst financial
crisis and the deepest economic
recession our country has seen in
decades it was September 2008 when Hank
Paulson then Secretary of Treasury and
Ben Bernanke chairman of the Federal
Reserve announced to congressional
leaders that a 700 billion dollar bank
bailout bailout was needed to save our
financial system from a complete
collapse the market of course rebounded
and unemployment is that historic lows
today but has anything fundamentally
changed are we still at risk of that
kind of massive massive system-wide
collapse joining me now my old friend
Felix Salmon chief financial
correspondent
Axios and the author of the upcoming
newsletter Axios edge and back with me
Eddie Glaude and PJ O'Rourke author of
none of my business a book about
business investment and the politics
behind it all right Felix to you markets
have recovered unemployment is down
there is this sense that everything is
great but everything is great for big
business and for the stock market those
who were truly punished in the financial
crisis those who are on the wrong side
of the subprime crisis and lost their
homes their lives aren't back there are
some of the people who led the push to
elect president wrong absolutely the
call it bottom 60% of America the vast
majority of people in America they might
have jobs now but they don't have money
they haven't recovered their assets a
lot of them owned homes and they lock
still have don't own homes want to own
homes and the recovery has been the
recovery of the 1% so it hasn't worked
for most Americans
PJ what does all this mean politically
because it was President Obama who in
his last State of the Union address
talked about the great financial
recovery and many people said what
recovery it left me out and those people
pushed against Obama they pushed against
Hillary Clinton and elected President
Trump who moved forward to Wall Street
deregulation massive tax cuts which have
only boosted the market and now the
president loves to talk about the
markets well you're gonna get the same
angry frustrated response from people no
matter who's
charge and I think we'll see it
beginning in the midterm elections we're
going to be trading one bag of snakes
for another that Trump's populism is
still not affecting people's bottom line
for most people and I think they're
going to trade it for Marxist nonsense
front front from the radical left of the
Democratic Party and that'll be a
disaster too and probably there's no way
to avoid disaster here no matter who we
elected because we're setting ourselves
up for another big crash it won't be in
the banking system we fixed the banking
system but now we have massive debt huge
doubt I mean just student loans alone
takes the banking system because just
like the subprime crisis the student
debt crisis is right around the corner
and now we've said let's get rid of
dodd-frank let's get rid of the Volcker
Rule and you could say you don't like
how they were implemented or the wording
was too long but the spirit of
regulation was to protect people and now
we're having a deregulation Jamboree
every single derivation doesn't really
protect me what protects people's
transparency what protects people is
honesty and there's a limit to how much
of that you can regulate we probably do
more right here in the news media when
we're behaving ourselves for the good of
the economy than any amount of federal
regulation I mean you got federal
regulation is conducted by some guys
just out of law school some some folks
just out of law school and arrayed
against them are million dollar loss
okay this is also the issue regulators
are little guys who show up in in
polyester suits and a clipboard trying
to set rules for people who make tens of
millions of dollars but right now we are
in this mindset that if you deregulate
everyone wins
you know I this is not my wheelhouse but
I do know one thing
folks are greedy folks have been greedy
always said you don't have to be a
Republican or a Democrat it's Youman
nature people are greedy but you know
good so greed
the overarching value since the economic
collapse and riving that economic
collapse greed and and and so whether I
don't actually believe think you
actually believe that people
self-regulating being honest for the you
know being honest and true and decent
will be a sufficient response to the
fact that you have rich people who have
been fleecing the country and everyday
ordinary people working their behinds
off and seeing just modest uptick in
their wages and can't make ends meet and
so unless we named it for what it is and
that is you have some rich folk who are
just like wanting to be unfettered in
the pursuit of profit and figuring out
that we need to actually have a
different set of values and we're going
to wind up here to need to come in right
now and we distribute some of that
wealth from the ridge to everyone else
and that's don't forget that day while
the rich are ripping off the poor if the
shoe were on the other foot as it would
be under Marxism the poor would be right
out there ripping off well mainly each
other because there aren't enough rich
people to go around as Margaret Thatcher
said sooner or later you run out of
other people's money alright feel it's
quickly the PJs point transparency would
fix everything
you only get transparency if you put
some rules in place you or not I mean I
was in the investment banking industry
the night before Lehman collapse I was
standing on the West Side Highway
begging for someone to babysit my child
because my husband and I both had to go
to work to figure out every line item in
our bank's exposures to Lehman banks are
not going to innately be transparent
unless you force them to why would they
correct and bank regulation as you said
it's actually much stronger now than it
used to be at both the national level
and the international level and that's
helpful and we are not you got guys like
Gary Cohn saying we need to deregulate
you know banks have never been in such
good shape they're in such good shape
because we forced them to hold more
money in reserves so they don't go to
the Fed to say bail me out and that and
that international level of like money
that they have to hold equity that they
have to hold that's not going anywhere
whatever
ericone once that's we don't need to
worry about another banking crisis we do
need to worry about the markets crashing
we do need to worry about student loans
we do need to worry about the emerging
markets it's a no shortage of things to
worry about we need to worry about a
hurricane but we don't need to worry
about thanks not right now
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
