let's take you now to Myrtle Beach South
Carolina where Timmy Lightner is
standing by Tammy what's it like there
hey Steph people are concerned and
that's because Myrtle Beach is now in
the path but take a look at this this is
something we have not seen since raleigh
and we drove all the way down cases of
water this store told us they got a
shipment in overnight cases of water and
bread people have been coming in since
7:00 a.m. they tell us they're gonna
stay open until 6:00 p.m. unless the
city government shuts them down and
that's because this area is under a
mandatory evacuation we've been speaking
with people all morning and this
gentleman Norberto thanks for sticking
around I know you have a basket full of
supplies and you told me that you just
moved here from New Jersey and now
you're trying to decide whether to
evacuate what's going through your head
right now just the decision because I
have my parents we have bought them a
house up what I live in maybe like seven
blocks down but close to the water
pretty far away it's all family meeting
and decide what to do and you have
enough supplies to ride out the storm
what's going to be the deciding factor
for you if it's if it's meeting us near
but now it looks like it just keeps
going north it's going south as you can
hear my phone my daughter is in white
and friends in her family are calling
that's right we went through Sandy and
I'm on the beach in Sandia block and a
half away some people got hit some day
right now I'm sure we'll get rain we'll
get wind probably anybody near the
beaches should really leave like ASAP
you know you don't have much time to
make that decision okay I caution to the
wind sometimes and it's worked out so
that's good luck with that good luck
you know one thing that the mayor says
she said that people have a false sense
of security in this town and that's
because some of the storms have not been
as bad as projected but they are warning
people to to get out of town that this
one will be very dangerous stuff hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
