don't trump facing renewed calls to try
to tone down his rhetoric against
Democrats in the press tonight amping up
the anti-immigrant messaging as well
with the midterms approaching well my
next guest is actually a trump
administration official and something of
a whistleblower Roberta Jacobson served
as the US ambassador to Mexico for a
year under Trump she's been a diplomat
for three decades with five different
administrations the context on her
resignation comes in a new piece where
she speaks out in the New York Times
about the disorder and chaos of the
administration including a roading trust
with key allies like Mexico she tried
she cites Trump's rhetoric on the border
wall he went there last night wait did
you see what we're doing with our border
over the next few weeks as you know we
started the wall but where do you see
what happens over the next couple of
weeks you're gonna see a very secure
border the military is ready they're all
set
ambassador did the way the president
conducts himself make your job harder as
a diplomat Oh infinitely airy I mean it
was it was much more difficult when you
have an issue in which surprisingly or
not all Mexicans agreed on that issue no
matter what their political stripe that
they were not paying for a wall and the
rhetoric is not the first time we've had
divisive foreign policy messaging
American presidents are criticized a lot
throughout the world but you've served
in other administration's what was
different in your view about this one
well I think you know what was different
was it felt personal and indeed it was
when the president began a campaign by
calling Mexicans rapists and criminals
that obviously hurts one of your guests
earlier talked today talked about words
matter I think it was congressman
Jeffrey's in the context of the domestic
situation in the u.s. words matter
overseas to and people may be told
president didn't mean everybody he
didn't mean you he didn't mean leaders
but the populations of those countries
hear that and and they take it to heart
obviously the old saying is that
politics is supposed to stop at our
water's edge did you ever see or
personally view anything coming from the
White House of the Trump administration
that seemed to politicize the security
or diplomatic work you had to do towards
Mexico well you know I don't know that I
would call it politicizing certainly
there were things that because of the
political muscle memory of the president
it made the job harder you know whether
it was NAFTA negotiations which had so
many additional American demands that
really had never been part of
conversations over modernizing NAFTA
and clearly some of those were were
politically inspired by various interest
groups and not necessarily good for the
country as a whole and so you know it
was it was very difficult to try and sit
down and have the kinds of reasonable
conversations that we needed to have
which is not to say that we didn't have
them obviously we worked we worked
pretty well with Mexico on a lot of
issues but but it became so much more
difficult for the politicians in Mexico
to defend that work and when you
constrain your partners that way you
don't get the best results on issues
that are critical to the u.s. like the
opioid epidemic and security does it
work to tell other countries oh just
don't take the president literally well
you know area I was at a conference in
Mexico just a couple of days ago and
someone who considers himself a trump
surrogate said just that or don't listen
to what the president says just watch
what he and the government do and I'm
sorry it doesn't work that way as I
noted the the u.s. s approval rate has
dropped 30 percent I noted this in my
op-ed 30 percent in just a a year and a
half that's really hard to tell
everybody in these countries don't
listen to what the president says about
about you about Mexicans are about
Central Americans or or others
ambassador Roberta Jacobson appreciate
your service and you telling us a little
bit about your decision to leave
government service thank you so much hey
I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you can
see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our youtube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
