day 600 of this administration and as
Bob Woodward's book fear hit bookstores
today a new development in the muller
russia investigation is looming over the
White House Washington Post reporting
tonight that former Trump campaign
Chairman Paul Manafort is in talks with
the special counsels office about a
possible plea deal according to two
people with knowledge of the discussions
Post reports it this way quote the
people who spoke on the condition of
anonymity to describe the conversations
cautioned that the negotiations may not
result in a deal with robert muller who
is prosecuting men afford for alleged
money laundering and lobbying violations
but the discussions indicate a possible
shift in strategy for mana fort who
earlier this year chose to go to trial
in Virginia only to be convicted last
month in Alexandria federal court on
eight counts of bank and tax fraud the
specifics of Manta Ford's current
negotiations with prosecutors were
unclear including whether he would
provide any information about the
president even before this news broke
the Russia investigation was clearly on
the president's
but in Trump attacked the investigation
on Twitter notably before commemorating
the 17th anniversary of 9/11 also
tonight Bob Woodward is out talking
about his new book as the White House
continues to push back hard on his
reporting and sourcing earlier this
evening Woodward sat down with Rachel
Maddow in the studio and talked about
the remaining mystery about what went on
during Mike Flynn's short tenure in this
White House was it clear to you from
your reporting for the book why they
waited 18 days after getting that
warning about Flynn from the Justice
permit I think some things could
sometimes decisions are not made but
they did firing ultimate yeah and he did
plead guilty and is a witness no one
that I've been able to find can explain
exactly what happened there's what's
called the Mike Flynn mystery mm-hmm in
the investigative reporting world and
you know so we presumably at some point
will see more on that point in just a
moment as the Trump administration
continues to deal with the fallout from
the Woodward book this morning Donald
Trump jr. offered up this assessment on
who his father should trust inside this
White House I think there are people in
there that he can trust it's just it's a
much smaller group than I would like it
to be who do you trust
well I you know I'll keep that to myself
and they're not family well obviously
yeah I'm talking outside a family I
think that one goes without saying turn
let's turn to our leadoff panel for a
Tuesday night Phillip Rucker Pulitzer
Prize winning White House bureau chief
for the Washington Post and Jeremy bash
former chief of staff at the CIA and
Pentagon gentlemen welcome to you both
Phil on the on a ten scale of
preoccupation with events on the outside
where's this president where's his West
Wing these days I'd hate to put a number
on it Brian but you're looking at eight
nine ten territory the president is very
preoccupied with the Woodward book with
that anonymous op-ed with the media
coverage surrounding it
and of course with the Russia probe a
lot of distractions this morning he woke
up on September 11th the solemn day in
this country the 17th anniversary and
and the topics he tweeted about were not
September 11th but about his
preoccupations and Jeremy bash flush out
what this Flynn mystery might entail in
mr. would words telling I actually don't
think it's mysterious at all Bryan I
think when the White House was warned by
Sally Yates that Mike Flynn might be
vulnerable to blackmail they took that
to the President of the United States
and he said don't worry I've told Mike
what to do how to handle the Russians
and I've got his back and it was only
after it had become somewhat in tenable
untenable internally because Flint had
lied to the vice president and it was
clear he was under a significant FBI
investigation for lying to those
investigators and it was revealed by the
Washington Post that all this was going
down did the president have to relieve
Mike Flynn I actually don't think it's
mysterious at all and Jeremy are you
surprised by these stories about manna
fort do you do you believe them I do
believe them I think man affords overall
goal is to secure pardon and that
basically means he does not want to
appear publicly to be providing
information about the president he wants
to limit his exposure to potential
prison time in case the president
doesn't come through for him he took a
huge gamble by having two trials
normally defendants don't do that
because it gives the government two
shots at you he lost in the first gamble
convicted of eight felony financial
fraud counts and now in the second case
there's no real upside for him he's
going to prison through the 20 teens and
the only question is how much into the
2020s will he serve hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click Subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
