today on the 17th anniversary of the
9/11 terrorist attacks the President did
something that is very difficult for him
he talked about 9/11 without lying the
president read a speech in teleprompters
that was written for him by White House
speech writers and so it did not include
any of the president's lies about 9/11
in the past the president has lied about
what he saw on 9/11 he said he saw
thousands of people in New Jersey
celebrating the attack on the World
Trade Center on the day that had
happened that was a lie he didn't see
any people doing that none the president
lied about what he did after 9/11 he
lied about having contributed to
charitable funds for the victims of 9/11
that was a lie
he had not contributed anything until he
became a presidential candidate and
Donald Trump's worst lie about 9/11 is
the lie that got the least attention
most of the news media completely
ignored Donald Trump's worst lie about
9/11 it is the lie that he told about
what he personally lost on 9/11 how did
he keep us safe when the World Trade
Center
I lost hundreds of friends as soon as
Donald Trump said that in the campaign
debate in South Carolina that he lost
hundreds of friends on 9/11 I said that
he was lying I didn't know how many
friends he'd lost on 9/11 but I knew it
wasn't hundreds and the next day on Meet
the Press Donald Trump changed that
answer to many many friends he said he
lost many many friends on 9/11 and once
again I immediately tweeted that that
was a lie and I still didn't know
exactly how many friends Donald Trump
might have lost on 9/11 but knowing the
way Donald Trump lies as I do I
suspected then that the real number was
zero and then I checked and the real
number was zero Donald Trump did not
attend a single 9/11 funeral not one
there has been much debate in the news
media about how do you know when a trump
lie is a lie and not just a falsehood
that he believes one way of knowing that
a trump lie is a lie is that he stops
saying it and when I held that lie up to
Donald Trump's face even he could see
how evil that lie was an even Donald
Trump knew he could never try to tell
that lie again and so he never did in a
political debate on a Saturday night he
said he lost hundreds of friends and the
next morning on Meet the Press he said
he lost many many friends on 9/11 and
then he never ever said it again never
in a political debate to score points
Donald Trump tried to steal the grief of
9/11 families and then used that grief
as his own use it as a weapon in a
political debate and the one thing we
know Donald Trump has never felt about
9/11 is grief in his lifelong quest for
attention Donald Trump managed to get
himself on local television in New York
City on 9/11 after both of the World
Trade Center towers fell and he had no
idea how to even begin to express grief
because of course he couldn't feel any
instead the feeling that he had that day
on 9/11 the thing he found within
himself was pride pride that he believed
he now had the tallest building in lower
Manhattan now that the World Trade
Center had collapsed 40 Wall Street
actually was the second tallest building
in downtown Manhattan and it was
actually before the World Trade Center
was the tallest and then when they built
the World Trade Center it became known
as the second tallest and now it's the
tallest did you hear any grief there
that was on 9/11 and it wasn't grief
that the president felt today when he
got off Air Force One in Pennsylvania to
attend the 9/11 commemoration of flight
93 that takes place there every year
there is only one president in our
history who could arrive at such a
solemn and tragic commemoration and
behave as if he was arriving at a rally
Donald Trump has attended the 9/11
commemoration services in his hometown
of New York City only once in 2016 when
he was running for president every year
family members who lost lost loved ones
on 9/11 shared the difficult duty of
reading the names of everyone who was
killed at Ground Zero it takes hours and
local television still covers every
minute of it as they did today and
that's when you see the real pain of
9/11 the real grief and on this day none
of that grief seems diminished by the
passage of time on this day you see the
faces and you hear the voices of the
living victims of 9/11 the people who
lost husbands and wives sons and
daughters fathers and mothers
grandmothers and grandfathers Richard
Michael caproni Jose Manuel Cardona
Dennis and Kerry senior Edward Carlino
Michael Scott Carlo and my father and
guardian angel
- well we miss you and love you always
and my grandfather just misses sky the
sky low even though I've never met you
I'll never forget you I love you thanks
for checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
