here's more of Bob Woodward's interview
with Rachel Maddow tonight where Bob
Rubert quotes defense secretary Matt is
telling the president we're trying to
prevent World War 3
Trump is concerned about all the expense
of deploying troops in South Korea or in
Europe and Jen the Secretary of Defense
mantas is saying - and you know this is
the best bargain we have these troops
are here to protect us not South Koreans
or Europeans and and then Trump persists
and finally mattis said I think one of
the most bracing lines in the book if he
says we're doing this to prevent World
War 3 Bob Woodward's new book is among
other things a warning about how
President Trump as Woodward puts it
jeopardizes real national security and
tonight the Trump doctrine of never
offending Vladimir Putin faces a new
test today NBC News reported exclusively
that American intelligence agencies now
consider Russia to be the main suspect
in a series of mysterious attacks on our
diplomatic missions in Cuba and in China
that have led to brain injuries among US
personnel working there though they
currently do not have enough evidence to
formally accuse Russia their suspicions
are reportedly backed up by intercepted
communications collected as part of an
ongoing investigation and joining our
discussion now is Ned price former
senior director and spokesperson for the
National Security Council in the Obama
administration he's also a former CIA
analyst and there's an MSNBC national
security contributor and David corn is
back with us and then I want to get to
things your reaction to Bob Woodward's
description of the national security
tensions within this administration in
there trying to prevent World War three
and Donald Trump doesn't seem to
understand it and then also this NBC
news report about what we're discovering
about the possibility that the Russians
were behind what's happened to the
diplomatic personnel in Cuba well
Lawrence the tensions that we see in
this administration to my mind at least
are
unlike any tensions we've seen in
previous administrations in previous
administrations you have natural and
sometimes logical cleavages between
different factions and administrations a
State Department versus the Defense
Department the intelligence community
versus another element in this case you
have President Trump versus the world
you have President Trump versus his
entire national security establishment
in some cases we learn this both from
the Woodward book and of course we saw a
very vivid depiction of this in the
anonymous op-ed that the New York Times
wrote it is one man standing in many
cases against the people who are most
knowledgeable and experienced about our
national security and unfortunately that
one man is Donald Trump when it comes to
what we learned today from NBC News
about current suspicions of Russian
involvement in these attacks in Cuba
what has struck me is the
administration's silence on this we have
heard absolutely nothing from the
administration about culpability for
these attacks and we have every reason
to believe that if the Cuban government
were in any way responsible for these
the Trump administration would go out of
its way to point the finger at Havana
the Trump administration of course has
done everything it can to try and roll
back some of the rapprochement that the
Obama administration pursued with Cuba
and Russia of course being responsible
for this would make perfect sense it
would make perfect sense that the
administration once again is trying to
protect its ally in Moscow flat American
its ally and Moscow that has a an
intelligence presence in Cuba that has
this technology that has agents and that
has reason to do this the Russians of
course have reason to divide us from the
Cubans our neighbor in the Western
Hemisphere and it's my strong suspicion
that the Trump administration knows a
lot more than what they've told the
American people and David corn the
scenes of frustration in Bob Woodward's
book about national security issues are
some of the most extreme and there is a
confirmation in this book about one word
that was in disputes many months ago
when Stephanie ruhle here at MSNBC was
the first to report that Rex Tillerson
called the president a moron at the end
of a meeting in the Pentagon about
national security issues that meeting is
described in great detail in Bob
Woodward's book and the way Stephanie
originally reported the quote Tillerson
ended the meeting by calling Donald
Trump and effing moron blahblah Berg
confirms it was effing moron
not just moron and Rex Tillerson said it
in a way deliberately so that everyone
in the room could hear him and this was
after the president was saying things
like why don't we just pull all of our
troops out of South Korea and rambled
around the map of the world of where the
US defense assets were in a way that
frightened everyone in that room I think
this scene is the most chilling scene in
the entire book it takes place in the
tank the sort of highly secure
conference room in the Pentagon and
basically this was kind of a bit of an
intervention you can call it mattis and
Tillison and other bigwigs wanted to get
Trump out of the White House sit him
down in front of that map and say here
we have troops here we have trade deals
here we have listening posts here we
have an interest in this country in that
country and basically show Trump that
we're interconnected with allies around
the world and we have to keep that in
mind and if you start a trade war with
an ally it might have a national
security implication and Trump is just
highly resistant to this he keeps saying
these guys aren't allies they don't care
about us well I want nothing to do with
them but they're gonna back me when I
rip up the Iran deal if not they're not
allies they're not friends of mine and
they keep trying trying in many
different directions to show them that
the america has a place in a global
structure that's to the advantage of
america and all you can do is stick to
this basic idea that he america and him
are getting screwed by everybody else in
the world and it's time to shove it to
everybody
and that's when he walks out and that's
when you know Tolson says the man's in
death and moron yeah and and that price
I think you could confirm for us that
that's not the length
these meetings normally especially the
part in that same meeting where the most
ridiculous person never allowed in such
a meeting Steve Bannon is the one who
the president turns to to argue with the
defense secretary and the generals and
others in Gary Cohen and others in that
room
Steve Bannon throwing around a lot of
profanity on his part in his direct
address with those generals Lawrence I
think one of the many absurdities that
we've long forgotten about this
administration is that Steve Danon was
actually placed on the National Security
Council in January of 2017 and one of
the first orders that President Trump
promulgated as president of the United
States I can confirm that you are in
fact correct I did not routinely hear
that language in the Situation Room it
is not the language you expect to hear
when you are debating and sometimes
speaking about matters of life and death
everything from the Iran deal to Cuba to
matters of nuclear contingencies so it
is not certainly par for the course in
those settings now you're just one quick
thing you know it's time for Rex
Tillerson Gary Cohn and Rob party to say
these things out in the open this is how
the president behaves the public has a
right to know particularly before the
midterms and they're cowards if they're
you're sitting on these experiences and
not sharing them with us that price
david korn thank you both for joining
our discussion tonight thanks for
checking out our youtube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
