we are here tonight in Flint Michigan
where people are still still struggling
more than four years sweet the onset of
a water crisis where lead poisoned their
children and their families reporter
Tremaine Lee spent some time talking
residents about what it's like living
under the shadow of that disaster they
have to sit in the line for hours I have
people that come at nighttime it used to
be four o'clock in the morning some
people come at 12:00 at night so they
could be in the beginning so they can be
on time for work
why is this happening right I'm just
talking about two years later people are
still happened to come up and drink
bottled water two years later they say
it's fixed you see all of these people
do you think it affects a lot of people
water is still color so that's the
answer right there the crowd is the
answer people don't trust it and I don't
trust it
and I don't think it's safe and the same
people who told us it was safe when we
was in this predicament are the same
people telling us now that is safe
because that's what it's about right
it's trust all the trust has been lost
to clear it's gone the trust the water I
mean the night turns about a war okay
not to not to still come that's right no
no I don't
do you feel you've been let down by
politicians and the governor and like
wow how high does it go most definitely
most definitely oh it's like at every
aspect of my life my kids are like mom
we need water mom we need water we have
we need water for the dog mom we need we
need drinking water I mean it's not just
for us is for the animals as well so
yeah it impacts at every every aspect of
our lives I've been here for 60 years
we've always had clean water this is
it's supposed to be the state with all
of the nice lakes that stuff like that
and everything is determinated we're
here today to deliver some water to
Flint residents the residents who are
medically critical or people with
disabilities households that can no
longer get serviced because the state
ended the funding and today we met a
gentleman who is legally blind
we got your water and so he needs
assistance with bottled water as well as
the filter the faucet filter that Flint
residents are using so our program
currently is servicing about 170
households each and every month these
folks who cannot get out of their homes
I really the Forgotten people of Flint
all in a reporter Tremaine Lee joins me
now Germaine it's just shocking to see a
line of cars lined up in an American
city in 2018 to get clean water because
we haven't seen the news there's a sense
that maybe things are back to normal
but there's nothing normal about what I
saw that day nothing normal about cars
streaming out of the parking lot down
the highway nothing normal about parents
saying I won't give anything my children
I can't cook in it we can't brush our
teeth with it you think about the
disabled the most vulnerable among us
who before the city and state given
thousands of families free water now
they have to rely on as charity of
churches nothing normal about this so
they they cut off the funding right to
give it to folks with disabilities and
and that is because the what the state
says is and I'm reading from a Detroit
News editorial which sort of sums it up
it says for months now
that that the Flint water is safe but
trust lacking for months now the water
has registered normal lead levels and
families can drink their water without
fear that is the line from various state
and local officials it's just really
hard for anyone to believe that after
what they went through the same people
who lied for months and we saw that in
email the email trail that leads back up
through the State Department of Health
and even higher those are the same
people that said you can trust us and
people were poisoned and children were
poisoned one of the the biggest costs in
all of this is the trust
obviously there was death obviously it
was great pain people with rashes hair
fall now it was terrible the way the
city is poisoned but the lack of trust
even if the water is fine no one's
wanted that's that strikes me as a
problem I mean they could they could fix
your pipes here right and they could
actually if they did fix the water would
it how would anyone know that's right
right I mean how would how would anyone
know who would believe them if it was
the most perfect drinkable water in the
entire car so we focused on led because
we understand there's no coming back
from any exposure to lead but there are
other pathogens paid for us there are so
many other concerns beyond the lid and
the people know that you talk to anyone
in Flint everyone's a little mini
scientists they know how many part per
million and billion they understand
what's in the water and they still
haven't gotten a recourse and no
accountability we've also seen studies
about about fertility about miscarriages
we've seen Legionnaires disease the
official death toll official death toll
I think in the state is what 15 people
but there a lot of people think it's
much higher oh that's right but even
when you think about what's happening to
the school children where school
children in schools still aren't able to
drink the weather the principal's won't
allow it when you think about the extent
of the pipe repairs they're still
exchanging pipes here so it's it's much
broader than we could ever imagine now
they are they have done a bunch of pipe
repair on the sort of main lines right
the problem as I understand it is you
still got people's houses and all those
pipes are basically mostly been
untouched that's right there's still a
number that needs to be exchanged and
then some of the testing one concern
that many people told but they said you
know what they keep testing the same
houses over and over again now testing
ones that they haven't been exchanged
the pipes yet and so it's it's still
ongoing and for so many people they feel
that they've been abandoned and left out
not just by local politicians by the
state and certainly the federal
government yeah so we talked about this
you if people are sort of paying
attention to this now there's this
it's outrageous and there's a real
question about accountability and you
did some reporting on this prosecution
which we're gonna bring folks tomorrow
night as part of the townhall Nick Lyon
who leaves the State Health Department
is charged with two counts of
manslaughter he's one of 15 officials
other people charged in this and so many
people believe is just a sham that until
we get a conviction there's no justice
right and also that the state is paying
for his defense and so you have the
special prosecutor which some people
trust some people don't but he's they're
trying to bring some semblance of
justice he told me said listen we're
gonna get 12 people to decide and I
believe that there are people have
committed crimes here and I say to a
point bling are there people who you
believe committed crimes who have yet to
be charged and he and something where it
says yes the investigation is ongoing
all right Tremaine Lee thanks man thanks
for all your work as always
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
