Washington feels more chaotic than ever
it's my job to ask the tough questions
left and right and help you make sense
of it all the Rachel Maddow Show only
honor
midterm elections lodge room
you may see this viral moment from the
Miss America pageant the other night
when the contestant from Michigan
introduced herself and her state to the
world a lot of attention
we're a blacklivesmatter t-shirts and
socials and so she wanted to use her ten
seconds on camera for something more
than herself and while she didn't come
in first you know it was a fitting
candidate as Miss America tries to
overhaul its image this year dropping
swimsuits in favor of business suits and
judging the contestants they say on
their words and actions including a
social impact initiative of their choice
see oma a survivor of sexual assault
adopted a platform called I believe you
supporting other survivors of sexual
violence and Miss Michigan Emily Salma
joins me here now really nice at you
thank you thank you for having me that
moment got a lot of a lot of attention
because I think the context people are
not expecting something that sort of
intense and acute to cut through yeah I
think people have a stereotype that you
know women in the Miss America
Organization are the ones sitting in the
cars in the parade and just waving but
really this is an opportunity for me to
bring what we do the other 364 days that
we're not on television competing for
the title of Miss America that were
servant leaders in our communities
raising the voices of others and you
know just using the opportunity that we
have to represent not just the great
things and also the hardships that you
know the communities we represent are
facing you know this was an interesting
year gretchen carlson who was a former
pageant winner and then went on to work
in Fox News and then very famously blew
the whistle on Roger Ailes sued him sort
of began the process that brought him
down she was kind of brought back into
the pageant to consult and sort of think
about how to do this thing in the era of
me too
in this sort of era of sort of calling
the patriarchy for what it is like do
you do you think it worked well I think
that the women in this organization are
the same now as they've been for years
they're brilliant leaders they're
determined they're some of the most well
educated women that you'll meet and
regardless of if we're in a swimsuit or
a business suit we're deserving of
respect and we're doing the hard work
that we see need needed to be done in
our community talking about and
championing our social impact
initiatives which we used to call them
platforms we've been doing that as long
as this organization has allowed us to
as they've added these new portions
and so of course I would have loved to
compete in swimsuit but I think now that
people are just willing to have the
conversation since we're in the media so
much they're seeing that these women
they're not the leaders of the future
there were leaders of today you you
talked about a social impact initiative
around surviving sexual violence sexual
assault I believe you which seems really
really sort of crucially important in
this particular moment why did you want
to do that well it's very timely but
this has been something I've been
passionate about I am a survivor myself
of sexual violence and I realized you
know being a student at the University
of Michigan's campus there weren't
enough resources for survivors and our
communities weren't doing enough and
being able to rename and create a
platform called I believe you just that
statement alone knowing that you have
someone that believes you it makes those
lonely moments feel a little bit easier
and as we know you know in the state of
Michigan tellurian a sex scandal we have
so many women who have been affected by
sexual violence and if someone would
have believed them when they first came
forward this could have been prevented
yeah I mean Michigan State is sort of
the epicenter of this right now whether
you have hundreds and hundreds of people
coming and saying this happened to me
and it kept it kept going and it's much
bigger than that this one just happened
to break news because it was all one
perpetrator but this happens to one in
five women and one in ten men and
especially on college campuses and so we
need to be having these conversations
all the time about how you know we don't
have the immediate ability to change
laws and policies but we do have the
obligation and the immediate ability to
change the way that we talk to survivors
the way we believe them and the way that
we guide them on there either journey to
recovery or their journey to prosecution
because it's truly up to the survivor
how they want to integrate this
survivorship into their identity because
once you're a survivor you're never not
and we have to be thinking that's a
really interesting point because I think
there is so much focused on
accountability rightly and the criminal
justice system is how people think about
it here you talk about taking it from
the perspective a survivor about whether
that's a choice that you want to
continue to pursue yeah and I mean I was
faced with a situation where I have a
great support system but I knew that I
wasn't going to have that much support
from the legal side if I decided to come
forward so I never reported my abusers
and
I don't regret that but I do know that
now going forward I want to make sure
that any woman or any man who finds
himself in this situation has the
support and knows that they will have a
community of people they even they don't
know I'm supporting them on whatever
path they take and only CEO to Mitch
Michigan thank you very much I want to
come here and including a sneak preview
of a special episode of all in we
recorded with Michael Moore stay with us
you're watching MSNBC International we
will not be quiet
this guy's behavior doesn't make any
sense we will not back down this doesn't
look good general we will remain
resolute there is something new and big
that has just arisen asking what others
aren't asking why would the president
want Congress to investigate for
information purity house and wake up
ready to do it again
I love it when America works it's never
the purists imposters the critics and
complainers are getting things done
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
