thing one tonight president Trump's Golf
Resort at mar-a-lago has become a key
talent pool for his government
I guess he figures anyone who would pay
him $200,000 in membership fees 14,000
dollars in annual dues in two thousand
dollars from minimum dining requirements
past the loyalty test
you may remember reports earlier this
year that three mar-a-lago members a
doctor a lawyer and the head of Marvel
Entertainment were secretly running the
VA from the palm beach resort last year
the president tapped three mar-a-lago
members for ambassadorships though two
of them politely declined but it appears
he's ready to try again this time he has
a mar-a-lago member he wants to be his
ambassador to South Africa and boy does
she fit the bill this collection it is
inspired by nature starting with the
beautiful oceans the blue oceans and the
waves of the oceans lapping up against
the shoreline the sky during daytime
midnight and the evening that's thing
too in 60 seconds
meet lana marks she's an exotic handbag
designer she's a Mara Lago member and
according to the Palm Beach Daily News
she's president Trump's choice for the
next ambassador to South Africa and her
resume feels strangely familiar as the
Daily News puts it Lana Marx is a
relentless self-promoter protector of
her brand and teller of fantastic tales
of wealth privilege as the Senate
Foreign Relations Committee may soon
find out Lana Marx has also repeatedly
been accused of sniffing her attorneys
accountants landlords and employees in
more than a dozen past lawsuits she
talks of the extraordinary magic of her
friendship with Princess Diana and
claims they were supposed to be on a
trip to Milan the night she died
although her timeline doesn't quite add
up
Marsh claimed to have played tennis at
Wimbledon in the French and South
African Open which South African
business day wasn't able to find any
evidence of and perhaps feeling the
scrutiny the president's looming
appointment is bringing MS marks took to
Twitter yesterday to brandish her South
African credentials also noting that she
has been a mom for 37 years wife for 42
years and a ninja forever I have
literally no idea what that means but I
think I see why President Trump has
taken a shine to her the beautiful
oceans the blue oceans and the waves of
the oceans lapping up against the
shoreline the sky during daytime
midnight and the evening
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
