Hurricane Florence is now charging
toward the East Coast as an extremely
dangerous category 4 hurricane and we
know what that means ahead of landfall
President Trump held a briefing to
assure Americans that the government was
quote totally prepared to handle the
storm well the president was then asked
what lesson he had learned from last
year's hurricane Maria which ravaged
Puerto Rico and here's what he said
I think chloro Rico was incredibly
successful I actually think it was one
of the best jobs that's ever been done
with respect to what this is all about
I think the Puerto Rico was an
incredible unsung success well two weeks
ago Puerto Rico had to raise the
official death toll from hurricane Maria
from 64 people to nearly 3,000 dead the
figure was 46 times larger than was
initially expected almost 3,000 people
dead as opposed to 64 well that's a
mistake
the mayor of San Juan quickly responded
to the president's comments today by
tweeting success federal response
according to trump and Puerto Rico a
success if he thinks the death of 3,000
people to success god help us all
well joining us right now on the phone
is the mayor of San Juan Carmen Cruz
thank you so much madam mayor thank you
what do you make of the president's
assessment of the quality of work done
by the federal government well I think
the president statement is despicable it
just goes to the lack of understanding
of reality that he has if he thinks that
the death of 3,000 people is assessed he
really doesn't know what this was all
about this was never about politics he's
talking about on song praise well you
know nobody's singing his praises
because going yeah I think we just lost
the call here Oh Susan you had some
experience which is a mercy oh yeah I
was in down in Puerto Rico six weeks
after the hurricane hit on humanitarian
mission up in the mountains where they
had not seen anybody they had not seen
doctors and I was with a group of
doctors they had no commerce they
couldn't even buy medicine they had no
changing of
money but more importantly these people
were sick their water supplies were gone
they had we're drinking dirty water I
would say was staying at some kind of
lodging with with FEMA workers and and
military people on site and they were
having trouble reaching the people up
there it was devastating Chris and I'm
actually given what I saw I be surprised
that those numbers get readjusted again
because there were so many people who
had no access to dialysis and other
medications that it was so tragic let's
go back to Carmen Cruz we've reconnected
with her madam mayor tell us about the
situation today because my understanding
is that this crisis is not over in
Puerto Rico even from last year the
crisis isn't over our infrastructure is
very weak actually I'm right here with a
group of employees from the municipality
of San Juan we have flooding last week
in San Juan we have flooding this two
days yesterday and there's about 60,000
people with blue tarps or blue roofs
suicide rate has gone up between 20 and
30 percent no one sided sense of cutoff
between 55 and 60 percent so I really
don't know where the president gets the
nerve to call this the success story he
thinks this is about him about his
political positioning well you know I I
my heart goes out to the people of South
Carolina and North Carolina if he thinks
when he did in Puerto Rico it's a
success and I sure hope for the sake of
life-saving situation that he learns
from his mistake he doesn't have to say
it because apparently he's incapable of
getting what went wrong in Puerto Rico
if Puerto Rico had a vote electoral
votes in the electoral college and
picking a president how would President
Trump do there well you know answering
that question really is making this
about whether for the record should be a
state or not and Katrina is an example
of how when governments don't respond
properly people die definitely the
relationship between Puerto Rico and the
Josette's needs to change we need to sit
down and talk about the process not
about the end result
some people believe in Stata some people
believe in free association like I do
and from believe in independence but
this was never about politics you know
that Carly Simon's song that says you're
so vain you probably sing that song is
about you
president chocolates so vain he thinks
this humanitarian crises was about him
it was not about him it was about saving
life yeah we're watching now mayor we're
watching him doing this doofus thing of
throwing bounty picker-uppers to the
crowd of people out there during the you
know paper towels it's the strangest
thing to do for people facing a crisis
throwing paper pal house at them and we
thank you for joining us in this
critical time
San Juan mayor Carmen Cruz good luck
with what's going on good fortune with
you hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
