I said John Kerry whose new book in his
own life about his own life and public
services every day is extra this isn't a
powerful book and you know the great
thing about your book senator I mean
secretary or all those things is all
that the history of your political
career and the power of it and the
substance of it what is just what's your
reaction and I want to get to the book
in a minute but what's your reaction to
this mishegoss going off this craziness
is going where present night States is
accused by the top reporter in the
country basically out to lunch well I
think as you said earlier and as
everybody in Washington knows this has
been circulating in Washington for a
year and a half so this is not new what
what bob has done is he has confirmed in
a remarkably well put together
conglomeration of all of these events
that we've touched on one time or
another a reality to it that does make
this of enormous concern well beyond the
attention that it is getting from people
in positions of responsibility in
Washington and I think that I think Bob
makes the point mean look he's a careful
reporter everybody knows this the the
fact is that he does extraordinary a
number of interviews they're all taped
and you know they're all taped I mean
Trump should be careful what he wishes
for because those tapes tell the full
story now obviously there are agreements
with certain people though that's not
going to happen unless there was cause
to call into question the veracity of
the book in a hole I just think that I
mean look today's the anniversary of
9/11 we wake up today you and I are in
New York right now some of it unfolded
in Washington I remember watching that
plume of smoke around the Pentagon and
and and the two of the planes came from
Boston we all think about this today
Donald Trump woke up this morning
president it√≠d States on 9/11 and his
tweets were attacking the Attorney
General of the United States his
Attorney General it's so outside of the
norms that it is unbalanced it is deeply
troubling let's get back to your book
and let's talk about it because
some positive aspects of American life
and politics we've forgotten so recently
I mean not too many years ago you
actually wanted to put together a
bipartisan ticket it was gonna be you
and John McCain the two guys who came
out of Vietnam in different perspectives
bringing the country together it was
like a a national healing process you
were proposing talk about that a bit the
fact that you were willing to stick your
neck out and do that well I wanted to
have the conversation with John and he
wanted to have the conversation with me
in fact some of his people had reached
out to us about it I was intrigued by
the idea I mean I thought exactly what
you just said the idea of showing people
we could do something in a non-partisan
way bring people together and try to
unite the country around the major items
of the agenda of our nation because
we're falling behind Chris on a on a you
know we're a great country don't get me
right I believe in America but I believe
in the America that I described in the
book where we work together we worked
across party lines John McCain and I
spent 10 years together coming out of
being a Pio w and a protester and we
found this common ground to try to find
answers for American families about what
happened to their loved ones
I just think that it's not that the
Senate rules have changed it's that the
people have change the attitude has
changed and the absence of leadership
that wants to look beyond the next
election and start thinking about the
next generation and and the next decade
for our country that's the key it's got
to begin to happen because China Russia
other countries are moving in lightning
speed to make some of those decisions
and and president Trump pulling out of
the Paris agreement that is going to
cost lives that's not a simple political
move people are gonna die because of the
decision he made and billions of dollars
of property may wind up being destroyed
and damaged because we're not doing
enough to deal with the problem of
climate so you know this is a very
perilous moment for our country these
people quit around the president they
stick in there Mike Pompeo he's a sound
person should he stick around should
matter stick
the defense I think there was a
rationale in the last weeks leading up
to this moment where you could say to
yourself it's important to be here to
stop things from happening yeah I think
now the issue has suddenly been forced
in a way by virtue of the anonymous memo
and Bob's book and everybody's awareness
of what's happening and I think that I
think that adults in Washington need to
deal with this in a very serious way you
know I loved about the book your book
because I think your books can have a
longer impact than Bob's book because I
think it's about American it's about
warfare you were really in it I mean the
nonsense of the campaign when you ran
for president 2004 about whether you had
done the right thing or not was not this
has so much material about facing the
enemy of up and down those rivers and
having being under fire and having seen
the cruelty a lot of American service
people toward the Vietnam allies we had
and how they Britain
they seemed to be cold about it and then
you also point out you talk about what
what's it like that watch people die in
front of you fellows soldiers just watch
the blood come out of them I don't you
think presidents ought to have that
experience if they're going to be
commander-in-chief isn't it valuable to
have been there and seen what war is
what we've learned that it's not a
prerequisite we've had good presidents
who haven't had that experience is it
helpful sure I learned an enormous
amount in service by the way as I write
in the book you know it was an alternate
it's sort of a graduate school of a
different kind
going into the military learning
leadership having people you know
working together as a team like that you
learn an enormous about it that I mean
to me you know I've say to young people
whenever I have a chance to talk to them
you know go into the military or if you
don't like the military
go do something yeah in in a non
government in a governmental
organization or extra governmental and
make a difference in people's lives and
forever you will you will value that
it's one of the reasons why I've always
been in favor of some kind of service
you gene McCarthy one of my heroes once
said it's easier to run for president
than to stop
how about y'all right I run by John
Kerry but I stopped wanting to run for
president
yes I've stopped running for president
have I stopped but I keep hearing
there's that you might be in the race
I've heard that a lot obviously since
I've been out on the trail etc but what
I have said again and again and again
everybody needs to focus on the greatest
remedy we have in our hands right now
which is the midterm elections and we
have a chance for an enormous course
correction in the next two months Chris
and then after that things will take
care of that it just once more tough
question better you than Trump better
you than Mike Pence that are you running
the country you're really pushing this
president just wondering how you can
handle yourself and say not better you
than Trump well they're gonna be
obviously a lot of people running Chris
I don't think we're gonna be wanting for
candidates for 30 or 40 of them I just
wonder if we're gonna have this guy
running you certainly be qualified
senator John I still call him Senator
John Kerry because he was elected to
that it's a great position tereus State
John Kerry thank you good a great book
you want to hear about the military in
real life and the best part of the book
is also the politics how this guy fought
his way through Massachusetts politics
which is not fun
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
