the organ tonight Donald Trump finds
himself surrounded in a tightening
circle the number of those he can trust
according to a member of his own family
is drastically shrinking angry and
isolated the president's fix it on those
around him who might have let the truth
slip out about his presidencies in
capacity and today the president sold
his son Donald Trump jr. told ABC News
that his father's circle of trust is
shrinking I think there are people in
there that he can trust it's just it's a
much smaller group than I would like it
to be who do you trust
well I you know I'll keep that to myself
and they're not family well obviously if
I'm talking outside a family I think
that one goes without saying well today
is Bob Woodward's book goes on sale
across the country it's becoming more
difficult for the president to escape
the emerging image that he's an
incompetent chief executive who poses a
danger to national security and those
revelations along with that anonymously
published op-ed by a senior official
have already filled an atmosphere of
suspicion in the White House according
to the latest from The Associated Press
quote Donald Trump continues to insist
privately that he wants leakers punished
a source familiar with the president's
thinking says that when it comes to the
anonymous op-ed Trump has continued to
focus on identifying and firing the
author even as some advisors have urged
him to let the matter go meanwhile with
the publication of his book America's
most trusted reporter Bob Woodward is
warning the American people that they
can no longer be dismissive of the
president's behaviors he told NPR I'm
convinced that people need to wake up
and not kind of pretend this is just
politics or this is partisan well
similarly Woodward said in a New York
Times podcast that his reporting backs
up the notion that this administration
is teetering on the brink of collapse
you basically say that the
administration is teetering on a
catastrophe or a collapse
well I've provide the evidence of it and
it's just supported by fact I believe
it's not a partisan position this isn't
about Democrats or Republicans or
left-right
it's about the stability of the country
and it's not something you can read and
feel comforted by I'm John my Jonathon
Lemire White House reporter for The
Associated Press Elise Jordan is a
contributor at Time magazine and MSNBC
political analyst as well and Zerlina
Maxwell of course director progressive
programming for Sirius XM Thank You I
wouldn't start with Jonathan on your
reporting inside the White who does he
still trust besides blood relatives the
people help pardon eventually sure it's
a very it's a very shrinking circle as
Don Jr said in that interview gee you
just played this is a president who all
along has been somewhat suspicious of
what he calls the deep state right these
career bureaucrats he feels like we've
never supported him during the campaign
and who have tried to undermine him
since taking office but in recent months
and particularly the last couple weeks
in the light of the op-ed and the
Woodward book he is now looking at
people around him some of his advisers
in the West Wing he gave an interview
the other day to a TV station out in
Montana I believe when he was out there
for a campaign rally in which he
candidly said that he sometimes goes in
the meetings and looks around the room
to see who's there before he starts
talking and it's a sense of paranoia
that has really is annoying or is it
reasonable suspicion you know after 9/11
a lot of people got on airplanes and
looked around to see who else was on the
plane because they didn't want to have
any you know anybody hijackers on that
plane anybody there might be one there's
the presence and you think covering him
as you do every day is he right to
suspect the people around him are
ratting him out and saying behind it
camera with nobody watching this guy's
not competent to run the country I'd
worry about those people because they're
probably telling the truth as they see
it sure I think it's a little bit of
both I think there is a degree of
paranoia but of course this is
administration that has been beset by
leaks more than than most of his
predecessors and we know that he is
obsessed with finding him and as you
just read from our reporting over the
last couple of days he's remained really
fixated on this he wants to figure out
who the op-ed author is he wants that
person fired
he's even suggested going the Department
of Justice to sort of activate the
mechanics of the federal government to
try to figure this out people around him
are trying to talk him off that suggests
a mid look there's no crime committed
here certainly this is a this
a personnel issue your right to want
this person fired but there's no
suggestion that state secrets or
classified information was disclosed
Susie trusted he trust Kellyanne I think
if you trust Kelly I think it varies by
the day I think largely those people yes
he still does but every day there's new
the only people in the building who have
his or in his orbit who have his full
100% trust are his relatives are his
family and people around him are trying
to get him off this to focus on
something else focus on the midterm what
was the economy and now focus on the
storm at least how do you run a country
when you don't trust anybody to do it
you're telling to do and you think
you're going around your back and the
only people you trust or your family
members who are is wrong I'd be saying
that's the Romanovs four years merged
out he's running it like a royal family
he only trusts blood relatives and the
other ones he'll end up on his way out
the door pardoning well christen look at
already the trouble that his blood
relatives have gotten him into the worst
decision of the campaign arguably was
Don junior meeting with a Kremlin
associated lawyer in the Charter and
then you look at the decision to make
Mike Flynn national security adviser was
pushed by Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump
and then Jared Kushner pushed Donald
Trump to fire Jim Comey and said that it
would be politically palpable palatable
to Democrats these are the most
destructive political decisions and they
were pushed by the Trump family okay so
here's your chance
he only trusts people that he shouldn't
trust he puts Jared as his Viceroy for
the Middle East and what is his
knowledge of the Middle East at a
private world he puts his daughter who
everybody sort of likes Ivanka in charge
of the son in terms of what the climate
we're having I mean it's insane she's
gonna protect us we were told the
beginning against climate change against
global warming these are insane decision
well essentially what it demonstrates is
that he doesn't really care about the
underlying policy he doesn't know
anything about the policy and he doesn't
care about the outcomes and how that
impacts people because if you put Ivanka
Trump in charge of climate change you're
basically saying I don't take climate
change seriously and I don't actually
care because you haven't put an expert
in place and I think in terms of when it
goes to the family yes he's setting this
up so those are the folks that he's
going to pardon
but the reason why the circle of people
he trusts is so small is because the
loyalty goes in one direction you're not
gonna have a lot of friends if you can't
be trusted to be loyal he's thrown a few
to former trump officials who figure
prominently in Woodward's book spoke out
today trying to protect their connection
with him in this statement former staff
secretary rob porter said i am struck by
the selective and often misleading
portrait of paints of the president and
his administration he continues the
suggested materials were stolen for the
president's desk to prevent his
signature misunderstands how the White
House document review process works well
that was war me former economic adviser
Gary Cohen said in a statement this book
does not accurate portray my experience
of the White House but he declined to
cite any specific inaccuracies in the
book
Axios reported yesterday that President
was quote privately furious that both
former officials however here's what he
had to say about them when asked today
well you shouldn't be talking about that
right now because it doesn't matter but
I really appreciate this tape that this
statement was excellent and they both
set out beautiful which shows that the
book is just a piece of fiction thank
you very much
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
