received a briefing from secretary
Nilson have been straight along and my
senior staff regarding hurricane
Florence and other tropical systems that
will soon impact the United States and
its territories the safety of American
people is my absolute highest priority
we are sparing no expense
we are totally prepared we're ready
we're as ready as anybody's ever been
and it looks to me and it looks to all
of a lot of very talented people that do
this for a living like this is going to
be a storm that's going to be a very
large one far larger than we've seen and
perhaps decades things can change but we
doubt they will at this stage is pretty
late stage we doubt they're going to be
very very far off course the places that
are in the way and then the most
jeopardy would be Virginia North
Carolina South Carolina that area and
again they haven't seen anything like oh
it's coming at us in 25 30 years maybe
ever it's tremendously big and
tremendously went tremendous amounts of
water so I've spoken with the governors
of South Carolina North Carolina and
Virginia they're prepared we're prepared
we're working very well in conjunction
with the governor's I'd like to ask
Brock long our administrators done so
well for us in Texas and Florida we have
something it could very well be very
similar to Texas in the sense that it's
tremendous amounts of water Texas was
the one that had I would say to this
point brought probably more water that
we've ever seen in a storm or a
hurricane and it went out for seconds
and thirds we've never seen anything
like it but FEMA as you know did a
fantastic job and a fantastic job also
in Florida and I'd like to ask croc if
you would to just say a few words
the media as to where it is now what's
going to be happening and how
well-prepared we are
Thank You mr. president unfortunately
our herky Florence is setting up to be a
devastating event to the Carolinas and
potentially Virginia as well so as you
can see they're forecast they're
forecasting in major landfalling storm
category three or four storm at landfall
the biggest hazard that we're worried
about is storm surge that's the primary
driver of the evacuations that are
underway by the states of North Carolina
South Carolina Virginia right now but as
this system comes in and makes landfall
during the weekend it's forecast to
stall out lose this drinkin its steering
currents and drop copious amounts of
rainfall
unfortunately the remnants of Borden
passed through the men Atlantic over the
weekend and dropped a lot of rain
saturating rivers so hurricane Florence
as it comes in and puts anywhere between
20 and 30 inches more in isolated areas
to create a lot of inland flooding so
right now sir we're supporting the
governor's with achieving their life
safety evacuation movements we're
focused on mass care and sheltering and
then we'll be focused on helping them to
execute their response and recovery
goals what are the chances that it veers
off cost and you know the the the hit
won't be so direct what are the chances
of that unfortunately I believe there's
quite a bit of certainty in the track
forecast because the the forward speed
is picking up it's getting faster and
when the systems do that the track
forecast becomes a lot more accurate and
I think the expectation needs to be set
with the citizens in this area if you've
been asked to leave get out of the areas
that are going to flood and get into a
facility that can withstand the winds
let's set the expectations as well this
has an opportunity of being a very
devastating storm the power is going to
be off for weeks you're going to be
displaced from your home in the coastal
areas and there will be flooding in
in the inland areas as well so these are
going to be statewide events the hazards
will be statewide okay what did you show
us this one then this is a this is a
seven day rainfall graphic as you can
see the pink areas and and the purple
areas indicate twenty inches that's mean
area rainfall that's an average rainfall
amount but you may see isolated amounts
of greater into the 30 inch range over
Virginia the central portions of
Virginia and West Virginia and these
impacts are they're going to be through
the mid-atlantic so we're coordinating
not only with South Carolina North
Carolina Virginia but other mid-atlantic
states all the way to Delaware good yes
sir and it has been great coordination I
have to tell you the states have been
terrific everybody's working together
the governors and all of their
representatives have been absolutely
fantastic and FEMA there's nobody like
you people I mean they they what they're
doing is incredible do you have any
questions for secretary Nielsen or for
Brock law offices I think Puerto Rico
was incredibly successful Puerto Rico
was actually our toughest one of all
because it's an island so you did you
can't truck things onto it everything's
by boat we moved the hospital into
Puerto Rico a tremendous military
hospital in the form of a ship you know
that and I actually think and the
governor's been very nice in to be asked
the governor he'll tell you what a great
job I think probably the hardest one we
had by far was Puerto Rico because of
the island nature and I actually think
it was one of the best jobs that's ever
been done with respect to what this is
all about Puerto Rico got hit not with
one hurricane but with two and the
problem with Puerto Rico is their
electric grid and their electric
generating plant was dead before the
storms ever hit it was in very bad shape
that was in bankruptcy had no money it
was largely you know was largely closed
and when the storm hit they had no
electricity
before the storm and when the storm hit
that took it out entirely the job that
FEMA and law enforcement and everybody
did working along with the governor in
Puerto Rico I think was tremendous I
think the Puerto Rico was an incredible
unsung success Texas we have been given
a pluses for Florida we've been given a
pluses for I think in a certain way the
best job we did was Puerto Rico but
nobody would understand that I mean
that's it's harder to understand who was
a very hard very hard thing to do
because of the fact they had no electric
before the storms hit it was dead as you
probably know so we've gotten a lot of
receptivity a lot of thanks for the job
we've done in Puerto Rico Puerto Rico is
very important and by the way speaking
of Puerto Rico and they are gonna be
affected pretty much pretty soon by
something else that's on its way is that
right potentially hurricane Isaac right
now is tracking south of the island but
we are we have several thousand people
inside Puerto Rico right now working on
long-term recovery that has shifted to
the response mode to monitor as Isaac
passes to the sleep not want to see
hurricane Isaac hit where do we go
that's all we need but we have a big
hurricane out there and it's sort of
skirting along Puerto Rico and the edge
of Puerto Rico that would not be good
well we haven't currently we're going to
obviously these are all anticipated so
we'll go to Congress Congress will be
very generous because we have no choice
this is the United States and it's
whether it's texas or Florida or frankly
if it's Virginia because Virginia looks
like it's very much in the path Maryland
by the way could be affected very
seriously affected just to add it's a
little bit outside of the pan and then
of course South Carolina and North
Carolina I think that any amounts of
money whatever it takes we're going to
do but we're already set up we have
tremendous trucking systems we have food
systems we have a lot of a lot of
contractors waiting but for the most
part it's been handled by FEMA and also
we've coordinated locally we have food
for days we have emergency equipment and
generators for many days we should be in
great shape now I've also heard it could
be 21 and 22 inches if you can imagine
what that is 22 inches of rain it is not
something that we've had certainly we've
never had this on the East Coast so but
I think we're very well prepared very
well setup when you say yeah I think
this storm right here is very similar to
Hurricane Hugo and almost like a
combination of Hurricane Hugo and 89 and
Hurricane Floyd in 1999 but look
successful disaster response and
recovery is one that's locally executed
state managed and federally supported so
what FEMA is doing is pre positioning
the federal government's assets to
support each one of those governors that
are about to be impacted with achieving
their response and recovery goals and
that's the way emergency management and
disaster response works best I also
think I'd like I'd like to point out
that what we learned last year is that
we have got to build a true culture of
preparedness within our citizens here in
America this is a partnership and it
takes anything from neighbor helping
neighbor all the way to the federal
government when it comes to correctly
responding and recovery
now sure great that's a great question
so FEMA doesn't own the power the power
grids in any one of these states a lot
of them are owned by the private
industry so what we have are business
Emergency Operations Center calls we're
we're concentrating with the private
vendors to make sure that they have
strong mutual aid programs in place and
we set up incident support break basis
to help stage power crews coming in from
other states and largely it's FEMA's job
to get out of the way to make sure that
the private power companies can get into
these areas to set up their grid we
don't own it
we don't own but unlike Puerto Rico
you're very strong power companies
they're very powerful very well-managed
in the sense that they have they have
tremendous over capacity they are going
to do a great job they also have made
contracts with other power companies
that won't be affected and they're going
to be coming in just answer your
question they'll be coming in to the
various states that will be effective
they're going to be coming in very
strongly and they're already lining up
they'll be here probably for the most
part tomorrow or shortly before the
storm hits
so they're going to be in great shape
these are really states that have very
very strong power authorities
well that's very risky I mean again
we've never seen anything quite like
this on the East Coast at least and if
it turns out to be as bad you know we we
go out there you if you have people that
actually go fly through these storms and
these are very brave people but they fly
through and from what I'm hearing the
sites that they're seeing have not been
seen on the East Coast
before so I would say everybody should
get at every you have to listen to your
local authorities and whether you're up
land or down land but depending on where
you are you have to listen and you have
to get out if they want you to get out
because it's going to be impossible to
have people get in there whether it's
law enforcement or FEMA or anybody else
once this thing hits it's going to be
really really bad along the coast okay
anything else
well you shouldn't be talking about that
right now because it doesn't matter but
I really appreciate this thing that this
state was excellent and they both sent
out beautiful which shows that the book
is just a piece of fiction thank you
very much I think we're very well
prepared and thank you all very much
appreciate it thank you appreciate it
my trig jokes are coming along very well
we're dealing with China as you know
which we've taken a very tough stand on
China I would say to put it mildly and
with Canada they want to make a deal
very much me if we make it that's good
if we don't make it that's okay too
Canada wants to make a deal we'll see if
we can get them into the deal we already
have with Mexico I think the deal with
Canada is coming along very well we've
all been dealing in good faith
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
