you were in the Situation Room on
September 11th does it feel like it's
been 17 years since that moment can you
share some of what it's been like since
then and in that day well it's a long
time since at that time 17 years but one
of the things I think is important is
that we continue to mark this event and
not forget the fact that we were caught
off guard lost a lot of our citizens and
we have a continuing obligation to make
sure that that never happens again
I want to pull up a photo I think we
just showed of the Situation Room on
that day what was that like well I was
initially in the Situation Room and then
was called down to what's called the
peoc the President's Emergency
Operations Center where the Vice
President others were really managing
this con this this crisis on behalf of
the president while he was out of
Washington and you know people forget
that we did not know whether this was a
one-off attack or the first of a series
of tax so there were three things we
needed to do we needed to one reduce the
risk that we would be vulnerable to a
second tech attack we had to get all
those thousands of airplanes out of the
air
secondly we needed to get the Defense
Department to deploy its assets to
defend the country if there were further
attacks and third the intelligence
community had to figure out what
happened to why who was behind it and is
this the first of what may be a wave of
attacks you talked about now 17 years
later making sure we are never caught
off guard again Chris Ray the FBI
director was out this morning talking
about what the current threat is and and
where the danger might come from today
and won't you listen so I think the
threat today's terrorism threat still
includes sleeper cells al Qaeda all the
kind of major terrorist organizations
that you would think of but we're also
very focused now
homegrown violent extremists which are
people who are largely here already in
the United States big cities small towns
coast-to-coast and these are people who
are largely radicalized online do you
think the US government has a handle now
on how to combat some of that online
radicalization that we're seeing I think
we're doing better and that certainly
has to be a focus but one of the things
that we've been doing on this u.s.
Institute of Peace led task force on
preventing extremism is to deal with the
problem that extremism since 9/11 has
actually spread there were 2000
terrorist incidents worldwide and in
2001 there were 10,000 in 2017 and one
of the reasons is that we have not been
effective in preventing the spread of
the extremist ideology that is used in
some sense as a cover or a pretext for
extremist violence and terrorism and
that's one of the things we've focused
on the task force we want to develop a a
bipartisan consensus about how to
prevent the spread of extremism so how
do you get there and I think back to
that speech that that President Bush at
the time gave remember week after 9/11
he came here to DC came to the Islamic
Center in Washington and he said the
face of terror is not the true faith of
Islam that is not what Islam is all
about Islam is peace that was a striking
moment I think for a lot of people in
this country right to hear from the
president he and he was right what we
were beginning to see was American
citizens upset and enraged by what
happened on 9/11 understandably making
life uncomfortable for believers of the
Islamic faith in the United States and
he really wanted to to call the country
to pull together and focus on the real
problem which is those terrorist
extremists who really are perverting
Islam in the name of what is essentially
a political agenda is that a message
that you think is being declared loudly
enough from the current administration
or is there work to be done on that
front I think there is work to be done
on the issue of prevention but the
administration is doing some things they
have have got a stabilization
effort going on that is trying to
increase the coordination between the
various departments of governments to
deal with stabilization of conflict
states they're talking about the issue
of fragile states the states of bad
governance that are vulnerable to being
taken over by extremists and terrorists
I think they're they are making an
effort we want to see whether we can
build on what the administration is
doing what the Congress is doing to get
a bipartisan national effort on this
problem thank you for checking out our
YouTube channel why don't you subscribe
it's really easy just click on that
button down there and for more news from
MSNBC click on any of these videos here
for the latest interviews and highlights
you can get more videos from MSNBC with
our newsletters head over to msnbc.com
slash newsletters to sign up
