so shrinking circle of trust so you
think that's the right move for the
president does he have any other choice
that's usually not a good thing
in a White House or any organization
it's a bubble in the White House anyway
and when you get that circle smaller
smaller it becomes more insular that
does not lend itself to the right kind
of of atmosphere or the right kind of
decision-making Haley in the White House
what is the other alternative for the
president well he set the tone so he's
going to have to live with it I think we
prided ourselves Richard knew staff this
story and said he felt that President
Clinton had the most loyal cabinet it
was not because of fear it wasn't
because of respect and communication so
I don't know whether the president can
reset here in terms of his relationships
or not howling let's talk strategy more
broadly here and I want to put backup
that that graphic that you appreciated
it was showed a moment ago all the
places where Bob Woodward is out talking
about his book it's a campaign it's his
own campaign to sell it to sell this
thing I was at the press briefing
yesterday with Sarah Sanders and she was
asked there are they going to compile a
list of inaccuracies in that book
because Bob Woodward is talking about
the anecdotes that he has reported and
stands by the White House has big waste
of time for us to do that sure
well Bob Woodward takes the position
he's got the situation's right and he
kind of fills in he's a respected
journalists so I think this back and
forth with Bob Woodward that does not
send a message to people this country
that the president this administration
is focused on their concerns I don't
think that's winning battle for the
White House thank you for checking out
our YouTube channel why don't you
subscribe it's really easy just click on
that button down there and for more news
from MSNBC click on any of these videos
here for the latest interviews and
highlights you can get more videos from
MSNBC with our newsletters head over to
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
