you know Miko we last hour we were
talking about September 11th and talking
about it from policy implications but
also obviously there are so many
personal stories so many tragedies that
happened on that day but you actually
that was one of your first days at CBS
and tell us what happened that morning
for you well we we were covering it like
any other story I went running down
there ended up having to run down there
in my bare feet because there was
gridlock on the streets and I was
actually standing right next to Byron
Pitts for CBS News and as the towers
began to fall but what we saw before
that was unspeakable and that was people
making that horrific decision of whether
to to jump and you said in real time it
really you just your mind mind around
grasp exactly what was happening and you
didn't even though you saw it you just
your mind didn't process that these were
people that had chosen to jump from the
top of the towers also you've told me
before that when the tower the second
the first tower was falling you just
stood transfixed staring at it and that
it was Byron who actually hold you away
yep and threw you under a truck as it
just seemed so impossible that structure
that was so big and so magnificent and
so obviously strong and had so many
people in it it seemed so impossible
what was happening right before our eyes
literally we were so close we were
craning our necks to see the top and
then the top began to crumble down
towards us and like so many others we we
ran we were covered with soot and we
stayed down there for weeks and tried to
get our arms around the story that was
so close to us that in some ways it was
very hard to connect with the reality
for me my brain saved me from actually
terrible depression because I was so
busy covering the story that I wasn't
necessarily able to grasp it but it was
also able to tell it in real time and
then in the months after I think we all
began to really suffer the ramifications
of what had happened to our country and
to so many people that were right here
in New York City with us really it's so
hard Willy for people that weren't in
New York at the time or didn't have the
relationship of the New York the way
that you and your family always have to
understand what that area was like after
September 11th I always tell people that
whenever you would go anywhere below
Houston it was like you were entering a
Cathedral for months just just complete
silence complete reverence people going
to work doing whatever they could to try
to rebuild the area and start the
rebuilding of this country spirit yeah
it was I share Micah's impression I
actually wasn't in New York I was
working for CNN in Atlanta so I didn't
see it with my own eyes but it seemed
impossible and Jay Johnson actually just
said the same thing for the first time
in my life he said I couldn't believe
what I was seeing I couldn't process
that what was happening in front of my
eyes actually was happening I grew up in
a commuter town in New Jersey just
across the river we lost 12 people that
day including my next-door neighbor
including a good family friend my
sister-in-law was pregnant she ran down
70 flights of stairs and got out mmm
thank God so we think about her always
on this day and her no junior in high
school son who was in her belly that day
I also think about the aftermath well of
course the firefighters and the police
officers and the first responder who
died that day but the men and women of
the military who were sent to
Afghanistan 2,400 of them dying the men
and women who were sent to Iraq because
of this 4,500 more than 4,500 dying that
day I also think about the first
responders who worked on the pile and
now more than 2,000 of them
have died because of respiratory
illnesses and they're expected perhaps
by the end of the year this year to have
more deaths from that than from people
who died on that day so the ripples from
this day continue to go out and will for
as far as we'll be able to see and Heidi
you were in the White House that day on
September 11th 2001 what was it like
from the inside well I was actually
swimming upstream to make it to the
White House I got a call after the
Pentagon was hit two calls one from my
editor saying you need to get down there
right away
another from my family saying don't you
dare go down there so of course I was on
the Metro swimming upstream I got there
and we were getting briefings on the
corner of Lafayette Square and I just
remember thinking how crazy this was
that there was another plane missing and
we knew that it was either headed for us
or it was headed for the Capitol and
sitting there with my colleagues
positioning ourselves such that if there
was projectile whatever it was that we
would be far enough back from it and of
course the the regular press pool was
with George Bush on the plane and then
they assembled a separate type pool to
go with the rest of the White House
staff we were taken to a secure location
and I remember standing behind Karen
Hughes somewhere in a bunker in
Washington just watching on replay the
towers falling over and over again and
knowing that the lifestyle that we had
the freedom the the innocence in a way
was never going to be the same the
second more personal hit for me was that
a day later my mother called and my
brother had just gotten through boot
camp and she said Heidi do you have a
map and I said yes and she said your
brother's in the Indian Ocean do you
know what that means and of course we
didn't hear from him for a while and
later found out that he was in the first
battle group to be deployed he was on an
amphibious assault ship the USS Peleliu
he's a photographer and to this day I
think suffers with some
the trauma of taking pictures of a lot
of dead bodies dead Taliban US soldiers
and so just just the ramifications the
the widespread effects this that this
has had on a lot of families I think
that demonstrates and and of course
Heidi was talking david ignatius about
about the Capitol and the White House
being one of those two being targets we
of course from umber also this morning
those on flight 93 that saved those lost
their own lives but saved those who were
working in the Capitol or in the White
House and there is a fitting memorial to
them in Pennsylvania you know Thomas
Rick's I remember my god six seven eight
years ago
it was listening to him an NPR he was
talking about how a child born on
September 11th or a child who was at a
bus stop going in a second grade on
September 11th was now fighting in
Afghanistan well we continued fighting
in Afghanistan and now you can say that
a baby not even one
maybe one year old at the time of 9/11
chances are good there are quite a few
of those who are now eighteen year old
men and women who were fighting this war
still in Afghanistan the events of 9/11
had such a long tail you know we're
still dealing with the the wars the
anger in the world I have a memory not
of that day but of a few years later in
Iraq covering that war and going to the
gym in the Green Zone where the American
now group was was was based and seeing
on the wall a picture of the Twin Towers
and
the similar mural in the dining room and
the message was we're avenging what Iraq
did to us on 9/11 well that that was
false that what that was an idea that
people allowed to people deliberately
spread but Iraq was not responsible for
9/11 and it's just one of the awful
tragedies that we went into that war
with so many Americans thinking they
were taking revenge for what had been
done on 9/11 and entering a war that's
had just such disastrous consequences
for us for Iraq for the region it's a
special regret for me and Gina we were
talking about all the mistakes made by
US policymakers across the Bush and
Obama administrations and of course now
the Trump administration but you know
the original sin actually in the
response to September 11th was Iraq and
there it is documented that members of
the Bush administration knowing that
Saddam Hussein had nothing to do with
September 11 still were planning an
attack on Iraq immediately following
September 11th even though they had
nothing to do with it I you know the
Secretary of Defense current Secretary
of Defense James Madison Iraq in early
2002 his response was are you out of
your mind and the fact is yes there were
some policy people in the Bush
administration who strategically were
out of their mind
yeah and and and think of the
implications think of all that has
changed in the world because of the
decision and it was it was a decision to
to use 9/11 which had nothing to do with
Iraq as as as an excuse as an occasion
to take out Saddam Hussein's regime and
to change the Middle East and change the
world think of all this happened since
you know after four days after 9/11 I
dropped my oldest son Offutt at college
at the University of Chicago and which
was just this wrenching thing I remember
that day and they have a they have a
ceremony there it's sort of an
invocation students and parents of
course gather in the in the Rockefeller
Chapel and that was on the Saturday
after and they you know have a it's a
program
I remember the Dean saying the parents
always remember the the week they they
they drop their their child off at
college but that no one would ever
forget the week that that new students
started your college careers and a
nathie at the at the end of the ceremony
you you walk up the street and there are
student monitors and they send students
one way and parents the other way and
that's the last you see of your kid
and I just remember tears rolling down
my cheek as I drove 12 hours home
listening to the coverage radio coverage
of the aftermath just never forget it
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more for morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
