well Joe you have a column in The
Washington Post this morning that really
looks at the gravity of the situation
from 20,000 feet it echos some things my
father was telling me before he passed
away
you write in part this Trump is harming
the dream of America more than any
foreign adversary ever could in which he
charts the course from Bush to Obama to
Trump this is your writing Joe this is
describing your column and a country
that went from a huge surplus to racking
up unparalleled deficits while
squandering moral leadership and here's
the column 16 years of strategic
missteps have been followed by the
maniacal moves of a man who has savaged
America's vital alliances provided
comfort to hostile foreign powers
attacked our intelligence and military
communities and lent a sympathetic ear
to neo-nazis and white supremacists
across the globe for those of us still
believing that Islamic extremists hate
America
because of the freedoms we guarantee to
all people the gravest threat Trump
poses to our national security is the
damage done daily to America's image as
the New York Times Roger Cohen wrote the
month after Trump's election America is
an idea stripped freedom human rights
democracy in the rule of law from what
the United States represents the world
and America itself is gutted Osama bin
Laden was killed by SEAL Team 6 before
he accomplished that goal other tyrants
who tried to do the same were consigned
to the ash heap of history the question
for voters this fall is whether their
country will move beyond this troubled
chapter in history or whether they will
continue supporting a politician who has
done more damage and listen to this more
damage to the dream of America than any
foreign adversary ever could couldn't
agree more Jo so Willie I love that line
that Roger Cohen line America is an idea
and if you strip America of its ideas
forget about knocking down buildings in
the financial district forget about
running planes into the Pentagon those
are tragedies but though
tragedies bring us closer together
America is an idea
you got America of that idea mm-hmm
that's when you do the most harm to
America Roger Cohen wrote that right
after Donald Trump was elected and
unfortunately 18 months later across the
world you have people looking at a
country that is saying they want to ban
people from coming to America because of
their religion you have just this week
Brett Kavanaugh who wants to be on the
Supreme Court refusing to answer whether
people should be banned from coming to
the United States because of their race
in his reading of the Constitution and
the accumulation of that the retweeting
of neo-nazi videos Charlottesville I
mean I could go on and on what he said
about majority black countries that is
tearing more at the fabric of America
then attacks on the Twin Towers did we
we built from that we became stronger
because of that but this is seems to me
a far graver graver threat to the idea
of America well bin Laden's
miscalculation always that he was going
to divide us with those attacks that day
17 years ago and as you point out he
made us closer than ever almost closer
than ever and David Ignatius you know
Donald Trump's election was not an
incident it was an election it was a
free election and 63 million Americans
went out and voted for Donald Trump he
has capitalized on something that
perhaps was beneath the surface for a
long time and brought it up to the
surface
and sought aggressively in many ways to
divide us and he succeeded to some
effect but I would also argue that he's
brought out the best of America that
he's brought out people who are who are
more vigilant now people who know that
they need to go out and vote people who
are aware that there's a divide in this
country so it's certainly not a lost
cause I don't think Joe or anyone else
is suggesting it is but he's definitely
changed the country in just 18 or 20
months it is a different country on this
9/11 anniversary we think about the
qualities that pull the country together
this sense of Brazilian
unity of commitment I think people
understood in a special way on this day
in 2001 what America was and and Trump
as joe said has has gone at some of
those qualities that that bind us
together make us a generous country you
make us confident about about the future
I Jose Pete I don't want to suck up to
the boss here but I thought Joe you just
hit it exactly right in saying remember
what America was like on September 10
2001 before this happened remember the
way in which we confidently were such a
dominant force in the world and we'd
have to say that we're not just because
of Donald Trump because of other bad
decisions because of the decision to
invade Iraq most most obviously we're a
country that that got disoriented and
lost our way and now find ourselves and
in this place but but I thought you know
going back to the central event and most
of our lives was really helpful well
David I'm glad you brought that up what
we make of course we're at the punchline
but the the the column is about actually
not just what's happened over the past
18 months but unfortunately 16 years of
missteps you did have george bush's
tragic overreach in iraq which put the
elected Barack Obama and then you had
many people believe including myself
Barack Obama putting us too much into a
defensive crouch whether it was the red
line that was crossed or the rise of
Isis in a vacuum or the failure to get
involved in a Syrian civil war where
500,000 people died it seems that one
mistake led to another mistake and then
led to the election of Donald Trump and
people forget on this morning 17 years
ago we had a hundred and thirty-five
billion dollar surplus
our GDP was ten times that of China's
our GDP was 40 times that of Russia's
and while we've been fighting wars and
occupying countries for 16 years the
Chinese have been making strategic
economic inroads
in Asia in Europe in Latin America in
Africa this has not been if you look
where we were 16 years ago and where we
are today for a lot of reasons some of
which have absolutely nothing to do with
Donald Trump we have some some catching
up to do
it's it's a baseline for us the this
anniversary every year is something I
think that oughta make us ponder what is
American strength and how do we how do
we build and rebuild it you know I
wonder space sounds strange what people
are talking about today in the White
House I hope they're thinking you know
back to that day Donald Trump remembers
its powerful moment for him as a New
Yorker but that should be for all of us
all right we're gonna be covering that
throughout the morning thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
