mariya boo Tina is currently in jail in
Washington DC awaiting trial on charges
that she was the agent of a Russian
influence operation in the United States
she was in court today to try to
convince a federal judge to release her
on bond while she waits to be tried
turns out though that the judge had
something very specific that she wanted
to take up with betina's lawyer Robert
Driscoll at the start of the hearing
we've got the transcript the judge
started quote I want to say at the
outset that my chambers received contact
from defense counsel this morning that
they had videos that they wanted the
court to see prior to the hearing this
morning and mr. Driscoll I can tell you
that that is not how I proceed I don't
want to be getting material there was a
deadline in this case that in fact was
very generous and in the future I will
not be having a deadline of the night
before a hearing for submissions but
there was a deadline in this case I had
a full calendar this morning I do not
like and I will not in the future accept
submissions hours before a hearing where
there's a pending motion I had a meeting
I had to leave early after a very full
calendar this morning to look at those
videotapes I can tell you having viewed
them that I'm not sure what on earth
their relevance is to Misbah Tina's risk
of flight but I have reviewed them for
the record the first one of the
videotapes is a video of MS boo Tina and
her boyfriend lip-syncing I believe and
what appears to be a recording studio -
the theme song from Beauty and the Beast
is that correct mr. Driscoll is my
description correct betina's lawyer
Robert Driscoll says quote your
description is correct your honor
is that correct did you really make me
leave my very important judge meeting
this morning to make me watch a video of
your client lip-synching to Beauty and
the Beast this is the video that booty
knows lawyer apparently felt was so
urgent for the judge to watch
Martina's lawyer also showed it to ABC
News which is why we have it he says
this video showed that Maria boo Tina
has a very serious relationship with
that older American man and she is not
as prosecutors contend simply using him
for his Republican political context of
benefit the Russian government therefore
because she's so in love she is not a
flight risk if she's led out of jail she
wouldn't want to be apart from him this
is how the judge responded today quote
well the court does not find these
videos to be at all relevant on the
issue of MS boo Tina's risk of flight
and that is the courts primary concern
with regard to her bond status but I've
reviewed the tapes for the record the
judge then denied Maria boo Tina's
motion she ordered that Ms booty no must
remain locked up until her trial because
despite her love of disney tunes which
was conclusively proven by her lawyer
who made the judge watch that tape the
judge told her and her lawyer today that
she is indeed still considered to be a
flight risk both a little scared neither
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
