Donald Trump is surrendering after
months of fighting in the stormy Daniels
case this news is that Trump and his
lawyer Michael Cohen are throwing in the
towel they're trying to actually get out
of the now-infamous NDA that backfired
on them Trump's not only giving up his
new filing falsely claims their quote is
no NDA because it was never formed now
the filing from Trump reveals two things
he has now officially failed in trying
to silence or punish stormy Daniels and
he now admits his own team was wrong
when they spent months claiming they
would take her to court let alone their
erroneous claim that they had already
won this case this case has already been
won in arbitration and anything beyond
that I would refer you to the
president's outcome outside counsel they
also claimed Daniels violated a hush
agreement at least 20 times they're
gonna have to pay therefore 20 million
dollars at some point probably a little
foggy as to exactly one president found
out and Andrian reimbursed him but the
president did not promise in advance to
reimburse Cohen for that that I don't
know what whether there was an
understanding between them that I think
Cohen knew he'd be reimbursed Cohen has
now pled guilty for that reimbursement
this new filing also features a rarity
Donald Trump effectively admitting he
was wrong about something
and Michael avenatti is here with me
live to react and explain why he
actually opposes this new Trump motion
on the NDA but I want to say something
else tonight the impact here is much
wider than a single NDA that Donald
Trump tried to use to silence one
civilian Donald Trump's use and
potential abuse of these gag orders
hangs over his current governing
controversies he's pressured everyone
from volunteers to transition staff to
his most senior aides to sign them he's
retaliated against former aides like
Omarosa with costly NDA lawsuits which
could be even on the mind of the
anonymous administration official who
penned that op-ed and on other former
senior officials minds in fact I
recently pressed former White House aide
Steve Mann on the practice and he
admitted he is bound by a trump NDA and
said that is the norm did you sign an
NDA regarding your campaign experience
or your White House experience
I think everybody signed up into gang
did you yes I think everybody everybody
had to sign the idea if these NDA's are
enforced in court they can chill the
speech and the inside accounts of
everyone from top aides to volunteers
but if stormy Daniels and Michael
avenatti are showing how to stop Trump's
NDA attack in its tracks or even make it
backfire well that could have impact
well beyond this case as Trump is
backing down in the new finally joining
me now is stormy Daniels lawyer Michael
avenatti how did we get here
well I think we got here because of the
fortitude and the bravery of my client
and the staying power that we have
demonstrated in this case over the last
six months coupled with the approach
that we took in the case for which we we
caught a lot of criticism and I caught a
lot of criticism from time to time and
you know I'm all about results and we
got a look at the result sorry and you
can't argue with the results
Trump was using this NDA to threaten
your client in millions of dollars of
punishment now in the new filing Trump
admits or claims the NDA doesn't exist
if that is a victory for you why are you
still fighting well because of the
conditions of surrender re we want a
judicial finding or a stipulation or
agreement that in fact the agreement was
illegal from the get-go and that Michael
Cohen knew it was illegal that Donald
Trump knew it was illegal we also want
Donald Trump and Michael Cohen to agree
to pay my clients legal fees and cost
and all the other except a you you are
the legal well I've already been paid
but to reimburse her for the legal fees
and cost that she's expended in
connection with the case and also re
let's religion she's paid you well this
she's paid me in others but let's also
remember how this all started this
actually started by Donald Trump having
Michael Cohen file and a bogus
arbitration proceeding in California
using a Trump Organization employee and
attorney by the name of Jill Martin in
an effort to silence and intimidate my
client they use the agreement in order
to proceed with that bogus arbitration
in California they've now turned around
six months later and it
mitad the whole thing was a sham it was
all a ruse designed to shut my client up
and I find that to be outrageous do you
think this filing which is new has any
link to the reports from Bloomberg that
there is now an open criminal probe
beyond michael cohen into the Trump
Organization and campaign finance
violations oh I think it does I think
that this filing what we saw Friday and
then the filing on Saturday is all about
Michael Cohen and Donald Trump trying to
prevent Michael avenatti from deposing
Donald Trump and Michael Cohen under
oath they do not want to face
cross-examination by me under oath they
don't want to HAMP have to answer
questions about this NDA and other
payments to other women based on the way
that function do you think there are
other people affiliated with the Trump
Organization who broke campaign finance
law i I do because I'm aware of other
payments that occurred in 15 and 16 I'm
not at liberty getting to the details
I've explained that in the past until my
clients authorized me to but my client
was not alone miss Vick Duggal is not
alone there are other payments and I
have no question there's no question if
let's let's break out what you're saying
because people are following this going
Wow Donald Trump after fighting this
after taking your client to arbitration
and threatening millions of dollars it's
suddenly backing down and what you're
saying is it may be in their interest to
fold in this public manner because there
are other people with a similar
situation that would raise other
potential violations of the law that's
exactly what I'm saying and Donald Trump
does not want to face a deposition by me
where I ask him questions about the
payment to stormy Daniels miss mcdougal
and others as well as the use of his
NDA's or NDA's to shut people up in
silence people in order for him to be
elected that's not let me let me read
you from his side which claims and I'm
gonna read now this is from Donald
Trump's new filing through his attorney
Charles harder quote Trump has never in
fact taken the position that he is a
party to this NDA settlement agreement
what is your response to that claim well
that's ridiculous I mean the arbitration
proceeding that was filed back in in
February late February was filed at his
request that's why Michael Cohen
undertook to file it through the
use of Donald Trump's own employee Jill
Martin in California I mean this is a
never-ending bucket of Lies series of
Lies Ari you saw the clip from miss
Sanders standing at the White House when
she won it doesn't look like today she
was she's right she claims she won the
arbitration that we now know was bogus
to begin with because it was based on an
agreement according to Trump now that
never sprung into action was never vowed
to begin with they can't keep their
lives straight but I think it's
remarkable that you have Sarah Sanders
now openly lying to the American people
and it's been proven to be false do you
think that your success here will make
Donald Trump less likely to try to use
NDA's against other people or not I
don't think that he learns his lessons
very easily I think we've seen that time
and time are you calling him a slow
learner Michael oh I'm calling him a
pathetically slow learner just so we're
clear pathetically slow now you are here
in your capacity as an attorney
representing stormy Daniel oh yeah but
you have also been playing another role
which is moonlighting and flirting with
the possibility of becoming a Democratic
candidate let me play you here in Iowa
take a look
can the potential nominee beat Donald
Trump period and part of that analysis
has to be can the nominee go into
Pennsylvania Ohio Michigan Wisconsin
Iowa in similar Midwestern states and
really talked to some of the voters that
crossed over from Obama and voted for
Donald Trump do you play the run for
president I don't know yet I'm
continuing to travel around the country
I'm meeting with people I'm talking with
people I'm gauging the interest people
have been very enthusiastic when will
you make the decision I don't know yet
I'm gonna make it in the coming months
but let me say this there's an enormous
amount at stake in 2020 the Democrats
have to nominate a real fight or not I'm
not a paper tiger not a make-believe
fighter right a real fighter but it'll
take the fight for serious fighter and
you're really gonna run you know how
this works it's just like court the
deadlines matter Hillary Clinton had
publicly declared by April 2015 which
for us would be the equivalent of the
April after the midterms and she'd made
a lot of moves before
then will you decide by January by the
the start of the new year I promise you
I'll decide by April you'll decide by
April I promise you this so the headline
here Michael Evan Adi seriously
considering a presidential run and will
decide yes or no by April well before
April before April by by March yes sure
I'll give you March sounds like you've
been thinking about it by February don't
know yet okay but you're gonna decide by
March if you're for real that way people
will know whether this is a TV tease or
a real Wow I cannot look I want to be
really clear about something alright
this is not a TV tease I mean this is
for real I'm strongly looking at this
that's why I'm travelling around the
country I'm listening to people and look
people have been very enthusiastic
because they want a fighter the
Democrats need a fighter and they better
nominate somebody they can actually beat
this guy because we have an enormous
amount at stake in 2020 we cannot screw
this up
Michael avenatti exploring a run and we
will know by March if that run is to
commence thank you for coming on the
beat and I will say as I would say to
any side in a case congratulations on
the progress you made it was quite a
filing we saw hey I'm already Melbourne
from MSNBC you can see more of our
videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our youtube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
