tennis star Serena Williams is now at
the center of this major controversy
about gender and women's equality that
clearly transcends sports this weekend
she was playing the US Open final as the
match got more intense she and the
umpire got into heated exchanges
Serena was watching her coach give her
hands
because I'm a woman you could hear her
say there now she lost that match after
getting penalties for breaking her
racket and arguing with the umpire she
was also fined 17 grand Dan Williams
embraced the 20 year old who beat her
Naomi Osaka in a moment I'll be joined
by Maya Wiley and Toure to discuss this
but first let's take a listen to what
Williams herself said about this double
standard that she faces I've seen other
men call other umpires several things
and I'm here fighting for women's rights
and for women's equality and for all
kinds of stuff and for me to say thief
and for him to take a game it made me
feel like it was a sexist remark I mean
like how he's never took a game from a
man because I said feat I mean it blows
my mind the fact that I have to go
through this is just an example for the
next person that has emotions and that
want to express themselves and they want
to be a strong woman and they're gonna
be allowed to do that because of today
maybe didn't work out for me but it's
gonna work out for the next person I'm
joined by Maya Wiley a civil rights
attorney and MSNBC legal analyst and
today a journalist a former host for the
Tennis Channel who now hosts the two
ratio podcast and a former colleague and
current friend of mine indeed I'll begin
with you my the sexism here why does it
matter beyond the court it matters
beyond the court because literally 42
percent of women in the workplace say
that they've had this experience where
the rules didn't apply to them most of
those women actually report more than
half report that they're either told
that they're being too emotional or
they're told that they're not competent
to do the job they were hired to do and
that they had the qualifications to do
and you know I think we're seeing both
of that a little bit in this scenario
where one what we're seeing it's very
harsh penalties against losing a game
against Serena Williams for essentially
having a very emotional moment because
she felt like she was being called a
cheat and I have to say when I saw that
clip I also saw it as a black woman
because black women and their the the
intersection of
stereotypes about women but also
stereotypes about black people where
being an angry black woman is a problem
so it's both being emotional and being
angry and emotional being more
intimidating and then the penalties
being harsher and there's a lot of
conversation about Carlos Ramos being a
stickler for the rules clearly he is but
the issue here isn't whether he's a
stickler for the rules
it's whether he's a stickler in the same
way for women right it's all right let's
listen more to Serena Williams here
demanding an apology
that coming right there I have a
daughter right and it shows you how
quickly people change when you become a
parent your place in society your your
desire to show a moral face to your
child right I'm not a cheater and I
would never want my daughter to see this
or hear about this and think maybe mommy
cheated and as soon as you have children
you cross that threshold and wanting to
start being a better person and create a
better world for them and that moment
jumped out at me and she's loud Alexis
to be so much a part of her public
presentation in the years since she was
born she's in the commercial she's all
over Instagram so she's super proud of
being a mother
and so you Carlos are calling her a
cheater right and her integrity and her
character are on the line here and let's
be clear Serena Williams has been at the
top of the game for like a decade and a
half she understands the game better
than most of the coaches certainly all
of the other players because she's 37
coming off of a very difficult
childbirth a long year and she's still
about to win the US Open and to all the
people who tweeted at me saying well
this is about Serena getting mad because
she knew she was going to lose that
shows no understanding of Serena or
tennis at all because she got beat up in
the first set but in the second set she
was doing what she always does wipe away
the first set come hard in the second
set they were on equal footing there's
no reason why she couldn't have taken
that second set if Carlos is around the
game the umpire so much he should know
she less than anybody is taking coaching
I've been playing tennis for 40 years I
don't know what this means right and at
other levels of the game outside the
Grand Slams we're talking about allowing
the players to be coached
so why we're taking this ticky tack move
I mean like at that rate any time the
coach shows come on
that's coaching what are we talking
about it's also pretty clear from some
of the writings where folks have
complained about the fact that this rule
is not enforced very often right so
there are hardliners who think this rule
is important and they're those who think
it's got to go but either way they're
people were complaining about it not
being enforced and even all the examples
that people are pulling up about Carlos
Ramos being such a stickler for the
rules do
not seem to have this particular problem
except maybe he will give a warning one
search for 20 seconds we also see this
with the NFL and politicians wanting to
put those players sort of back in some
kind of box like you didn't you don't
get the actus well you know the umpire
has never been in a situation that's
arena and they only re in an incredibly
emotional situation the whole world is
watching you need to have more
selflessness and more humility to not
insert yourself into the game I'm
insulted because she called me a thief
she didn't curse at you she didn't
impede your ability to do this umpiring
job and continue going on you need to
let her have that moment and continue on
well it's important and I couldn't think
of two better people to talk us through
it and having gone through the
seriousness I do want to end on a
lighter note turay always says to me you
know love means nothing to a tennis
player 20 minutes ago
I know you like my bad jokes thank you
both
hey I'm REI Melbourne from MSNBC you can
see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
