turning right now is in Alinsky chief
national correspondent for the Boston
Globe
Jonathan Swan himself national political
reporter at Axios and Ron Reagan is an
author and a political analyst thank you
all what a great trail let me start with
Jonathan do you expect Trump and his
usual fashion to strike out against the
sources in this book including Porter
and attack him personally it's very
possible this week so Trump hasn't read
the book the a the White House got a pdf
version of the book last Tuesday night
and aides have been reading through the
book and feeding to Trump what they're
reading and one of the things that
really struck them was that Gary Cohen
and Rob Porter plays starring roles in
the book the book opens with Gary Cohn
taking a piece of paper of the Korean
trade deal off trumps desk so Trump
can't sign the termination Rob Porter is
seemingly on almost every page so the
White House is furious at them and Trump
is furious at them privately so what are
you going after Rob Porter's personal
witness he has talked about that
privately you spected there publicly
it's I wouldn't rule it out let me go to
any Lenski on this because a couple of
questions I'm gonna go just straight
reporting what's the mood like in the
White House right now there's a
president Hughes I'm not just
incompetence but accused of being
dangerous to the Republic this is new
yeah it is new I mean I I mean the moon
is sort of characterized by this sort of
frantic passing around of this PDF this
book which you know it's it's gotten to
the point where you'll even have sources
I'm sending it around you know I've
gotten a copy from White House sources
saying oh my gosh have you looked at
this portion have you looked at this
portion and I think this is one of the
sort of most emailed pieces of
information in the White House they were
all doing like they're all doing the
search of that filing it
that's rattling around here that's
strange anyway let me go let me go back
to Ron Reagan on this thing up
Ron I've never seen a presidency
accomplished Alan's been told that the
people around him are protecting the
country from him that he can is not able
able to tell the truth he doesn't know
reality enough to do it on one under
oath and this is bizarre stuff and it's
all in the book yes and one of the
stunning things about this
that of course this is backed up by the
op-ed piece that was written and also by
everybody like this wonderful reporters
like Jonathan and all who for the last
what is it 20 months now have been
hearing from people in the White House
just this sort of thing from the moment
Donald Trump entered the Oval Office
this nation was in crisis we went into
crisis the takeaway from all of this is
not who wrote the op-ed or you know this
thing or that thing about Woodward's
book it's that this president is unfit
for office and this presents us with a
national crisis on our hands Bob
Woodward is correct we're not taking
this seriously enough this is this could
not be more serious I think the most
striking thing the book of course is the
president's inability to understand our
role in the world as every third or
fourth grader came to understand it when
I was growing up that we had to protect
the world from another world war and the
way to do that was with good alliances
with good intelligence and and common
sense here's what press secretary
Sarah Huckabee Sanders said when asked
whether the president can go toe to toe
with Bob Woodward over the issue of
credibility is the president think he
can actually win a credibility battle
with Bob Woodward how can you win that
credibility about once again I think I
would certainly rather take the actual
on record account from people who are
here who have been working in this
building who have interacted with the
president day-in day-out like general
mattis like general Kelly like myself
not disgruntled former employees that
refuse to put their name on things when
they come out to attack the president
however Woodward has stood by his
reporting despite the recent statements
from the White House officials who have
disputed accounts from his book here he
is these people these are political
statements to protect their jobs totally
understandable but this is as carefully
done as you can do an excavation of the
reality of what goes on look and my job
here is not to psychoanalyze it's to
describe what happened on specific dates
in specific
moments and the people of there look
that the people who were willing to talk
our people of conscience people of
courage people who said look the world
needs to know this if you don't think
it's risky for somebody to answer the
questions and give in the real details
it is and they're willing to take that
risk because as Gary Cohen said got to
protect the country Ron I wonder about
this president grasp of reality to this
point does he know that the public will
trust Bob Woodward a lot more than
they'll trust him would words got a
pretty good track record he brought down
Nixon on truth he didn't have any other
weapon to bring Nixon down with all we
had was the truth who was end up backed
up by the tape recordings that's all he
had was truth and this guy says I can
outmaneuver this guy on truth-telling
it's something it's not his weapon of
choice Trump isn't reliable in the truth
he's good at BS he's good at
salesmanship but truth that's Woodward's
game Bob Woodward has a long record for
meticulous reporting nobody none of us
none of us sitting here having this
conversation nobody in Washington is
going to take Donald Trump's word over
Bob Woodward's but Donald Trump is not
necessarily playing to that crowd and
his base will assume that Bob Woodward
is just part of the deep state and the
elitist you know what yes do trumps base
yes absolutely nobody else everybody
else will believe Woodward I don't even
know I've known Bob Woodward for 40
years I don't even know what parties in
sentiment come out of the guy one Sanny
I don't think he's a live lab in any way
Knight comes across as just a very sober
minded counterpoint to trump I thought
you know the the recording that was
released to the Washington Post of
Donald Trump talking to Bob Woodward was
just it was such a sober minded
individual talking to him very calmly
which is to your point it's the exact
opposite of trumps demeanor yeah which
is just to kind of go nuts on so let's
go to this other question you got Bob
Woodward and everybody got it I'm a
roses book and they got Bob wood his
thing
this article running in the New York
Times a couple days ago
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
