right the pressure is mounting for
President Trump Axios says his quote
fine-tuned machine is creaking under the
stress and lays out a list of problems
that Trump is facing while trying to run
the country first the midterms are
coming and according to the polls the
Democrats are poised to take control
back of the house number two
Trump associates two Trump associates
are facing prison sentences former
personal attorney Michael Cohen for
paying off women to keep them quiet
before the election and former campaign
manager Paul Manafort on unrelated tax
fraud charges another two men who know a
lot about Trump's financial secrets have
been granted immunity in the Kohen
investigation longtime friend David
pecker publisher of the National
Enquirer helped Cohen bury negative
Trump stories in 2016 and Trump
organizations CFO Alan weiselberger
who's been working for the company since
the 1970s also granted immunity then
there's Trump's growing distrust of one
of his longest-serving aides the White
House Counsel Dunn McGann he's
reportedly McGann has spent some 30
hours cooperating with Robert Muller's
russia' investigation and is leaving the
administration soon that leaves just one
deputy in the White House counsel's
office to deal with investigations
subpoenas and possible impeachment
proceedings starting next year Trump is
also dealing with the constant negative
media reports Bob Woodward's book fear
comes out tomorrow
apparently chock full of anecdotes from
Trump's trusted aides
Axios reports the Trump is privately
furious with his former economic adviser
Gary Cohn and former staff secretary Rob
Porter both featured in the book in
detail and it's possible Trump publicly
attacks those two this week and it comes
in the wake of that anonymous op-ed in
the New York Times purportedly from a
senior official in the Trump
administration now you combine this with
how thin the press and communications
staffs are at the White House and it's
all stoking Trump's paranoia about a
deep state and even his own party
members are criticizing him
it's pretty clear that this White House
is a reality-show soap-opera presidency
I mean the drama is the drama of Omarosa
and the drama of Cohen and the drama of
manna fort and the drama of the Woodward
quotes and the drama of these op eds
I hope that more will come out publicly
and I hope that the Congress will more
publicly condemn statements like the
president made on Twitter on Monday
about going after his enemies I just
think the president has no appreciation
of no real appreciation for the
democratic institutions and values that
have made this nation great I think that
the precedence continuing public
humiliation of the Attorney General is
deeply inappropriate
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
