when you hear how great the economy is
doing right now let's just remember when
this recovery started when you hear
about this economic miracle that's been
going on actually those job numbers are
the same as they were in 2015 in 2016 I
think he was time to take some credit he
was trying to take credit for this
incredible thing that's happening to our
country and you look at those bad
numbers that were there in the last
couple of years it was this way and
going in the wrong direction it wasn't
going in the wrong direction
it wasn't this way it was this way
you're right President Trump it wasn't
this way but it wasn't the wrong
direction it is time for my favorite
part of the show money power politics
you heard it over and over this weekend
President Trump and former President
Obama arguing over who should get credit
for the economy a critical issue for the
midterms
so let's look at the numbers in the 19
months since President Trump took over
the economy has added about 3.5 million
jobs in the last 19 months of the Obama
presidency the economy added nearly 4
million jobs another way to look at that
would be to compare the average job
gains per month it shows President Obama
averaging about two hundred and eight
thousand jobs added since July 2015
compared to an average of 188 thousand
jobs under President Trump the president
also likes to brag that the unemployment
rate is near its lowest point in decades
he's right but please look at this chart
the jobless rate has been dropping
steadily for more than nine years that's
Obama territory that said there have
been big milestones on Trump's watch the
markets are near record highs wages are
starting to rise and for the first time
in at least a generation there are more
open jobs than job seekers but how much
of that is because of the president's
policies the Center for Economic Policy
Research did a study back in July and
found that when comparing similar
economic models an economy without
does about the same as an economy with
Trump in other words there is no Trump
effect I want to bring in Austin
Goolsbee former chairman of the Council
of Economic Advisers under President
Obama he's currently a professor at the
University of Chicago's Booth School of
Business all right Austin
study says President Trump did not do
much to help the economy but he didn't
hurt it either what's your take that
sounds about right
look we've had I think 115 months of
private-sector job growth and 19 of
those were under Trump so what is that
like 15% I don't see how you come into
the game with 10 minutes left in the
fourth quarter your team is already
ahead if you're like I won this game
every yes he has it hasn't gotten worse
job growths a little bit slower but the
economy is going okay I think the shame
is on us for letting President Trump
Trump it only the news on the days when
it's good and then just changed the
subject if the if the numbers come in
not as good so one good corner of GDP
but that forgets that last quarter and
all of last year was mediocre do that if
the economy was so good if the jobs
picture was so rosy under President
Obama where did all of those forgotten
Americans come from that rose up and
said I want something different who
voted for Trump well that's your there's
an implicit theory in that statement and
your theory is that it was about
economics why Donald Trump won I don't
subscribe to that theory I think it was
a lot more complicated there was a lot
of racial resentment there were issues
about immigration and things like that
were more important than the jobs were
but I mean just look at the numbers the
as you should just showed the job
creation was actually stronger under
President Obama and at best you would
say it's been a continuation of a steady
trend after we avoided the depression
we've been chugging along and we're now
one of the longest booms in US economic
history okay well let's talk about
business confidence because Jeff Cox I'm
CNBC wrote this biz
his confidence is soaring in part thanks
to a softer regulatory environment
consumer sentiment by one measure is at
its highest level in 18 years corporate
profits owed in good part to last year's
tax cuts are coming close to setting
records each of those accomplishments
can be tied either directly to new
policies or at least indirectly through
a brimming sense of hope from businesses
that the white house is back on their
side now I speak to CEOs all the time
whether they like Trump or not they will
say it is a more business-friendly
administration when President Obama was
in office the threat the regulatory
overhang not knowing what regulation was
going to come down the pike prevented
them from reinvesting in hiring well I
mean Stephanie I guess my question is
why then was job creation faster under
President Obama
if this regulatory cloud was so
detrimental
why was GDP growth in 2017 only 2.2
percent I have no doubt that
corporations got a two trillion dollar
tax cut they're happy about that and you
see in their corporate profits they've
never had higher corporate profits than
they do now
that hasn't translated into faster job
growth that hasn't translated into
faster wage growth and so I'm glad that
they feel good about themselves but like
many things like the unemployment rate
the unemployment rate is getting down to
close to record levels it started
getting better many years ago and it's
continued at around the same rate and
now we're at a level that's very low ok
business confidence business confidence
in January of 2009 in the midst of the
financial crisis was rather low so we
had a pretty substantial improvement of
business confidence and it's continued
to get better often you make excellent
points congressman
take me to the blue-collar worker you're
a former electrician yourself you were
part of a union
I understand why big business is
super-bold up on the president those tax
cuts were out of this world but the
argument has been it's going to trickle
down to workers we're not seeing that
yet in the numbers tell me what your
voters are telling you well this is the
world according to Trump you know the
trucks guess what he's a great salesman
absolutely the truck was going 60 miles
an hour and he took over he jumped in
the driver's seat and still doing sexy
he hasn't crashed it yet but we wait to
see what happens you know I was just on
the job last week talking to the men and
women they're still waiting for that
great tax effect to hit them it hasn't
you know saying a job is the most
important thing is only half the story
a job that actually pays enough money
for you to take care of the family is
the true story so people have jobs but
it wasn't what they enjoyed even a
decade ago
you know if they lost their job in the
automobile plant making 30 bucks an hour
they're very employed today make it a
fraction of that and the biggest issue
it's coming on is corporate America in
general has moved the retirement issue
off their platter and back on to the
next generation we have a train coming
down the road that is absolutely going
to devastate our seniors who aren't
gonna have enough to live study last
week one in five have less than five
thousand dollars put away for the
retirement $5,000 but we're living in a
world of short-termism
where people aren't voting according to
that they're not saying we have a
long-term problem Brett you have all
these people who have voted for the
president who buy in to his I'm just
gonna call it extraordinary showmanship
and salesmanship but he's not actually
delivering the numbers when are they
gonna start to wake up and say oh my god
these tax cuts only held corporate
America they're never gonna get to me
I'm not so sure I agree with the premise
of your question I mean wage growth has
been slow but it's starting to pick up
business investment is stronger than
it's been in a very long time into
something that Austin was saying yeah
it's true that job growth has been
slower because we are getting very close
to full full employment it's easier to
bring unemployment down from its heights
in 2009 nine ten percent
six or seven percent then it is once
you're once once you're working full
employment look I think Democrats have a
real real problem here and they have to
be careful I remember right after the
election very prominent Democratic
leaning economist saying the stock
market is going to tank we're going to
go into the world economy is going to
collapse none of that happened of course
Trump is over selling the economy of
course he's taking credit for things
he's not responsible for but Democrats
run the risk of being sour about an
economy that's actually doing pretty
well all things considered and if wage
growth starts to grow up then that's
gonna be a problem on the Democratic
side when when Republicans say hey you
guys were saying that wage both was
never gonna happen and now it is it
reminds me a little bit of the way
people like bob dole dole and jack kemp
we're talking about the economy in the
1990s when bill clinton's steamroll 2 to
an election so I'm just cautioning
Democrats to be careful about being sort
of the bad news ninnies when it comes to
what is really a pretty robust economy
moving well past what should have been
its sell-by date for a new recession
he's going but it's leaving the little
guy behind and that's the difference
Austin do you want to comment on that
because as much as we say - issues
productive rights and immigration matter
to voters if voters have money in their
pocket even a little bit more and they
feel confident that's how they vote yes
no look I I think that there is a danger
I thought that was insightful there is a
danger if the Democrats are going to say
oh the economy's not good I think the
economy is going pretty well it my only
point is is not that much better than
than what it has been and I think the
danger for the Republicans if it's going
to be about the economy is they passed a
two trillion dollar tax cut for big
corporations and high-income people and
if you remember they sold that by saying
that the average worker was going to get
a $4,000 raise that's what they said so
the people are going around saying
ashtag where's my $4,000 so wages might
go up a little I hope they do but you
know if
this economy is mainly going to deliver
for big corporations that already had
record levels of profit and for
high-income people who already we're
doing really well I think there's a
danger for the Republican Party to kind
of get themselves out on an island that
everybody else is not on and remember
there's a very big difference between
workers getting a one-time bonus and a
raise a raise six with you a bonus
that's just a little kiss
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
