well you knew I was gonna cover this one
a double-standard and abuse of power
that's how tennis legend and a hero of
mine Billie Jean King describes the
controversial end to the Grand Slam over
the weekend in a Washington Post op-ed
the match between Serena Williams and
newly crowned a champion
Naomi Osaka descended into complete
chaos and it all began with this single
hand gesture from Serena's coach the
umpire called it coaching which is not
allowed and gave the 23 Grand Slam champ
her first code violation of the game and
warning that Williams called unwarranted
I didn't cheat to win I'd rather lose
the situation escalated from there to
other code violations followed for
Sarina one for slamming her racket and
another for calling the umpire a thief
the evening ultimately ended with an
apologetic osaka'
accepting a trophy amid crowd boos and a
warm embrace from her idol and opponent
mary carillo is an NBC sports reporter
and megan Greenwell is the editor in
chief of the sports site Deadspin all
right Mary I go I got to go to you first
what is your take on all of this Sarina
was dead wrong
Carlos Ramos is not a sexist he's not a
racist he's not a misogynist I've called
about two billion tennis matches in my
career he's been in the chair for a lot
of them he's been in the chair for
serena's before he is he is a very
strict taskmaster of a guy I've seen him
call out Rafa Nadal for illegal coaching
and for time violations I've seen him
call out Novak Djokovic Andy Murray this
guy you don't mess with this guy's
Serena was she just totally she lost the
plot she lost these arguments she ended
up losing the match and she ended up
poisoning the atmosphere for this great
kit this 20 year old Naomi Osaka
do you agree because Mary is kind of in
the minority on this one yeah I do think
there is a bit more of a double standard
than Mary sees I have called far fewer
tennis matches than Mary but you know
there have been videos surfacing this
weekend of Ramos not calling similar
penalties against Nadal against djokovic
against Andy Murray and so I thought
good you cherry pick could you cherry
pick examples where he didn't call and
and and not ones where he did yes
absolutely and I think part of the issue
here is Serena this is in a larger
context right Serena Williams has faced
racism and sexism her entire career does
that make her more likely to see it this
way many gifts was it you X you know
what this was it alone it absolutely
makes her more likely to see it but I
think that to see it in a vacuum without
talking about her being penalized for
other things you know she was one of the
major factors in them introducing video
replay
because there were so many egregious
calls going against her and you know she
can't wear the cat suit at the French
Open that she was wearing for health
reasons she has put up with a double
standard her entire career and I think
to see this one call in a vacuum without
considering that larger context is a
mistake because I think that's what she
is feeling but don't you have to look at
each call in a vacuum in real time in a
tennis match is it the chair umpires job
to think of that player in the broader
context of their career are they
supposed to call him as they see him at
that moment he calls them as he sees I'm
saying this guy is a very very respected
chair umpire Stephanie he has been doing
it for decades he has been doing big
matches for decades this is not Andy
Griffith and Mayberry letting you know
Otis the town drunk let himself in and
out of the prison so this is not me that
guy is Serena should have known that she
look at her very best and she is often
at her very best I respect and admire
Serena beyond measure
she is so powerful she's an important
voice she's a ferocious competitor but
at her very worst she because she was on
this night she acts like a bully and you
make a career covering bullies I mean
this is what you do for our living you
know what happens you cannot talk to
them you cannot reason with them you
know they and that to me is what
happened and and Serena got find Carlos
promised they were raining booze on him
here's Naomi Osaka who has done nothing
wrong but playing unbelievable match
Serena's biggest blow ups and she has a
history of them at the US Open they
always happen at the fourth major it's
the end of the year there's a lot of
milestone things going on with her she
was trying to tie Margaret Court with 24
majors she was I mean this is a big big
deal for her the tension got to her the
pressure got to her I'm sorry it ended
that way but people are pointing fingers
at carleton carlos ramos saying he took
it wrong she had wanted you know people
are saying oh she should have gotten he
should have did her a soft warning you
give sort soft warnings to yellow cards
if he will at the beginning of a match
you don't do it it's the thick of the
match I was calling a match for tennis
shot with Lindsay Davenport former US
Open champion former number one in the
world when the second violation happened
and she cracked her smithereen - racquet
Lindsay said the next time she'll lose a
game if you follow tennis at all
you know those rules they are in violent
and that's exactly what happened the
place went nuts the kid of Sakha I feel
nothing but sour for her those weren't
tears of joy was right I mean and I
loved Billie Jean she is my hero my
mentor my great friend a lot of these
people who are weighing in and saying
double standard that I'm thinking you
know what this is not the hill that you
die on okay but B - what about the
silver lining that extraordinary moment
in sport and sportsmanship after when
the two women were standing next to each
other and the crowd was booing - and
Sarina put her arm around Naomi and said
to the crowd please stop booing but she
hated that environment yes but she
created it in that moment to take a
moment and say at the end think about
what that was those two women in sport
extraordinary yeah I did think I take
issue with the word bully a little bit
particularly because Serena was the one
who got it back on track
afterward you know that that crowd was
pretty out of control ruining Osaka's
moment and Serena I don't think Serena
would deny that she had a role in
creating that situation and that she
said the important thing right now is
this is Naomi Osaka's moment and you
know I think that I wish we had a black
woman here because I think one of the
elements here is that the emotional
labor is always on the woman always on
the woman of color and that that scene
was not going to come back under control
unless Serena Williams did the work and
she stepped up and did there will be a
second a woman of color what about this
look at this kid
this is everything she ever dreamed of
it became a nightmare scenario instead
and and I cannot believe the grace the
elegant way that Naomi Osaka handled
this moment look at her mom
come on yeah for sure I again Serena is
a magnificent champion she is a great
athlete but people who are pointing the
finger at the dude in the chair to my
mind are really getting this wrong well
here we are two days later and we have
got a year to celebrate and congratulate
Naomi because it was an extraordinary
win hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
