let's bring it right now senator Chris
Coons he's on the Judiciary Committee
from Delaware senator helped me out here
you had somebody in front of the
Judiciary Committee saying that he was
not comfortable he was not comfortable
disagreeing with a congressional dictate
or a presidential dictate that would ban
people from entering the United States
because of what color they were because
of what race they were help me out here
I'm just a dumb country lawyer but that
certainly seems to be abnormal and
certainly against all American value
said that we've promoted for you know a
hundred 150 years at least that's right
Joe there were a number of ways in which
Cavanaugh's testimony before the
committee was deeply troubling this was
one exchange another was an exchange
that I had with him about presidential
power a judge Kavanagh in a speech to
the American Enterprise Institute just
two years ago volunteered when asked
that of all the cases in American
history was there anyone that he would
overturn he paused for a moment sort of
looked at the camera there was a
pregnant pause everyone chuckled and he
said no wait there is one and he didn't
say the Chinese Exclusion cases he
didn't say Korematsu he didn't say buck
V Bell these are three cases taught to
first-year law students that haven't
been overturned that are just despicable
cases that expressed previous attitudes
of discrimination he volunteered that he
would overturn Morrison V Olson and I
questioned him about that why do we care
because in Morris V Morrison V Olson the
Supreme Court in 1988 said that the
Independent Counsel statute was
constitutional and judge Cavanaugh has
written repeatedly that he thinks that
the president should be able to fire a
special counsel at will who is
investigating him this is directly
relevant and the the nominee judge
Kavanagh wouldn't disavow his statement
that out of all the cases in American
constitutional history the one that he'd
liked to as he said put the nail in the
coffin is Morrison V Olson
it was striking that he has been that
forceful before coming in front of us
about presidential power and then
clammed up and really would not answer
that question in front of our panel
I thought senator Harris did a great job
of getting him right in her sights
on the Chinese Exclusion cases I think
it was also telling that on presidential
power he wouldn't say why he previously
had offered it was the most important
case to overturn you know Nick confess
Oriya is here he's got a question for
you some new york times and if you want
to ask him who wrote the op-ed you can
do that but first Nick I want to talk
about another thing that happened over
the weekend really quickly gets your
take before you go to senator Coons and
that is this 17 year old kid it was
actually pulled off of stage and and
thrown back into a room with police
officers and the Secret Service simply
because he did not applaud loudly enough
are seem energetic enough for president
Trump well I can't think of any
precedent am I am I missing something
here you you now can be detained by the
Secret Service for not cheering loudly
enough for the president the United
States well Joe it's it's fine for the
president to want the people in the
batch op of his rallies to be big
supporters it is total crazy town to
drag a kid who's kind of raising an
eyebrow and throw them in the pen with
the Secret Service and make him think
he's in deep trouble just nicely take
him out of the rally and put him outside
it's it's just nutso to involve the
Secret Service unless you think he's
making some kind of a threat to the
president or or or as some other kind of
a threat senator Coons I just wanted to
ask you you know on one level it's it's
right for a judge at a hearing to say
you know III can't you know offer an
opinion from the bench so to speak on a
case but it struck me that Senator
Harris's question was the Supreme Court
hearing version of how do you feel about
Nazis and the answer should be pretty
obvious but tell me if I'm wrong here is
is it a complicated case on the
exclusion act
is it the kind of thing where you don't
want a guy to wing it from the hearing
chair correct this is exactly the sort
of case given how long ago it was given
how clearly wrongly decided it was where
I was struck the judge Cavanaugh didn't
take that opportunity to say you know
look Marbury vs. Madison was clearly
rightly decided and the Chinese
Exclusion cases were clearly wrongly
decided the fact that he wasn't willing
to offer that was was deeply puzzling to
me senator follow-ups too quick question
on this and so what does that answer
mean for the future for the Trump
administration what potential policy is
pursued by this White House could be at
stake or hinge on the answer to that
question from a suit from the future
Supreme Court justice well it may reveal
a willingness to allow presidential
power a scope and a reach that would be
chilling to many of us in terms of
decisions in the immigration space as I
referenced earlier in talking with Joe I
think his views on whether or not a
president has to respond to a subpoena
or can block an investigation by firing
a special counsel who's investigation he
resists or does not like is also
chilling there's a number of other areas
where other members of the committee
pressed him and similarly did not get a
satisfying answers so I think judge
Kavanaugh for all his excellent
credentials is someone who has legal
opinions and ideas that are well
established and have been shared
publicly recently that should give
everyone watching real pause all right
senator Chris Coons thanks so much for
being on the show I thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
