this week reminded us that we live in a
country of alternate realities in one
country the economy continues to do well
with markets job growth and wages all on
the rise in another a past president
called for an awakening amid political
darkness using the word dark four times
in his speech in one world Brett
Kavanaugh is a brilliant jurist ready to
fill the shoes of Anthony Kennedy but in
the other accusations of a rushed
confirmation to paper over his past and
charges that he might root out years of
established legal precedent in one
America there is a politically motivated
dragnet meant to hamstring a duly
elected president and in the other an
investigation that has already resulted
in felony guilty pleas and prison time
this is the country we live in and
tonight perhaps for the first time in
modern history two men stand at the
center of it in a historic collision
we've got the best employment numbers in
our history when you hear how great the
economy is doing right now let's just
remember when this recovery started so
we can't just put walls up all around
America you know what Abraham Lincoln
made the Gettysburg Address speech he
was excoriated by the fact is a
head-fake just I don't mean to pretend I
am channeling Abraham Lincoln now but
that's not what he had in mind I think
when he helped form the Republican Party
for many President Obama's words felt
like a return to sanity for others it
was a stark reminder of why President
Trump won the election meanwhile much of
the country is just sick of all of it I
conceived of myself as an independent
conservative who caucuses with the
Republicans but frankly neither of these
parties have a long-term vision for the
future of the country there's massive
stuff happening in America and these
parties are really pretty content to do
24-hour news cycles screaming at each
other
why stay a Republican and when's the
last time you thought
becoming an independent I probably think
about it every morning when I wake up
but I figure out why why am i flying
away from Nebraska to go to DC this week
are we gonna get real stuff done so I'm
committed to the party of Lincoln and
Reagan as long as there's a chance to
reform it stirred Stevens before I ask
you mean the rest of the panel about
President Obama I'm just curious
you personally have you thought about
switching your party Regents as you've
watched all of this unfold well I'm glad
you played the Ben Sasse clip because it
gives me the convenient way to say I
would consider myself a Ben Sasse
Republican I think that there really is
a battle here for what you have to call
the soul of the Republican Party a lot
of us were drawn to the Republican Party
because it was an optimistic vision it
was character counts personal
responsibility fiscal responsibility
with the debts drawn on Russia and all
of those have been sort of turned on its
head I mean I work for President Bush
and it's not like we were perfect but in
our best moments I think that we aspired
to be better than we were and I think
that aspiration that that idea of
compassionate conservatism 2016 I mean
didn't-didn't why did Republican voters
reject all that I mean is it because the
president Trump pushed racial buttons
that's a very complicated torturous
question it's difficult to talk about
race in this I don't think I mean I
think there are a lot of people that
argue it's pretty straightforward I
think that you can't look at the 2016
election and come to any conclusion
other than Donald Trump won and I think
it was a fairly weak field I think the
danger in it is looking at it and
drawing these conclusions that the party
has to be a predominantly white party
that the party shouldn't reach out that
the party should write off California
just because you won an election he got
less percentage of the overall vote than
Mitt Romney did this is not a future
party that in a changing America
where you're not going to have the
ability to win national elections just
by getting more white voters you have to
have a different vision that's just math
and you can get through one or two
elections but really I think there's a
moral imperative that you have to
represent more and I think there's a
political imperative that's looming out
there you mean she'll endure weighing on
that I'll say I think it's pretty
straightforward to talk about race in
the 2016 election there was a pred there
was a presidential candidate that called
Mexicans rapists and criminals and there
were millions of people who said that
was okay he won 53 percent of white
women's vote white people are
essentially in a large mass look at
Donald Trump and said this is what we
want
I thought to say that that out obviously
that all the people who voted for him
are racist but it's to say that race was
a very central part of the reason why
President Obama I think was talked about
in the way that he was and I think it's
a big part of why President Trump is now
in office that said when you look at the
two different Americas Obama was saying
one I'm done with vacation I'm back on
the trail a lot of people were very
happy to hear that I heard from a lot of
sources that were like finally Obama's
back from vacation E but one was really
talking about is also he's saying to
Democrats you need to come on and bring
it all you need to kind of step into the
ring' here and really bring them to
being somewhat of a fight but he's also
saying for the people who sit at home
for all those people that we don't talk
about which is the millions of people
who don't vote who don't take part in
the democratic institutions you need to
not wait for a stayer he literally said
that do not wait for a savior think that
things are gonna get better so I think
Obama's vote and no bomb was message I
should say is more that that people
really need to get more engaged do you
think there's any risk for him in
activating the voters that voted for
Trump partly because they were so
disdainful of him I don't in my mind I
don't think so
mainly because Fresno the data the
Republicans are really good at having
fill-ins I remember I just went to a
rally for President Trump there was a
woman there with a Hillary Clinton
button and I was like it's 2018 people
are still in running and motivated by
the idea of Hillary Clinton even though
she's not running for political office
so I think if you don't like Obama and
he's the reason why you voted for Trump
he's the reason why you're gonna go to
the ballot you're gonna do that whether
he's on the campaign trail or someone
just mentions his name in a speech
Joline can you
watching at the top where Obama sort of
took credit for the economy doing well
how much of that first of all do you
think is fair I mean who's right about
it you cover this every day and at the
end of the day do you think voters are
gonna give more be more willing to give
Trump a pass because they're feeling
well about themselves
well what President Obama said in that
speech is factually correct their huge
recovery did begun begin under his watch
there were many moments where you saw
actual job creation supersede what we
currently see right now under the Trump
White House but the numbers continue to
grow wage growth was really stagnant for
a long time labor force participation
which is issues of people actually going
out and seeking jobs and finding jobs
well that was really stagnant under
Obama as well so if you look at the
economy though it continues to be the
number one issue most people are gonna
be voting around when it comes to the
midterms and so if you want to look at
issues in a way that matters to most
regular Americans it definitely is how
much money you can make your prospect
for prosperity in the future and what
you can do to dig yourself out of
whatever hole you're in or perhaps buy a
house and that's where the Fed comes in
and that's where Jerome Powell comes and
so it's this big complicated picture
that it seems like you can really tug it
both ways okay
Obama wasn't factually wrong Trump isn't
wrong about the fact that they economy's
doing fine you know what else happened
under the Obama administration
inequality in this country continued to
increase no bank CEO was held
accountable for the financial crisis and
the voters that elected Trump in Ohio
Michigan and Pennsylvania didn't feel
like their lives were improving
yeah and now they didn't bargain for
this craziness that maybe they're
getting but they wanted somebody to try
to shake it up exactly yeah hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
