two questions about the Brett Kavanaugh
nomination for the Supreme Court number
one who will be in charge of rehydrating
all those old people on the Senate
Judiciary Committee after four
consecutive marathon days of testimony
who second question will Brett Kavanaugh
get confirmed to the Supreme Court I do
not know the answer to either question
but one of the unexpected things that
happen in the hearings this week for
Cavanaugh is that he was revealed to
have lied to the Senate on a host of
things a couple of them blatant enough
to potentially follow him home even if
he doesn't get confirmed at the Supreme
Court the first has to do with his
testimony in 2006 when he was a George W
Bush White House lawyer he was up for a
judgeship on the DC Circuit Court of
Appeals the Senators understandably
planned to and did grill him about
controversial issues that happened
during his tenure in the George W Bush
White House they particularly grilled
him about the process of nominating
judges by that White House and which of
those nominations Cavanaugh was involved
in the Senate's consideration of Judge
Charles Pickering's nomination to the
Fifth Circuit the Judiciary Committee
learned that he solicited and collected
letters of support from lawyers who had
appeared in his courtroom and practiced
in his district it later became apparent
that some of these lawyers had cases
pending before it when they wrote the
letters at Judge Pickering requested did
you know that Judge Pickering a plan to
solicit letters of support in this
manner before he did so and if not when
did you become aware of the judge
Pickering had solicited these letters of
support the answer to the first question
senator is no this was not a one of the
judicial nominees that I was primarily
handling right Kavanaugh telling the
Senate under oath in 2006 that this
nomination the nomination of Charles
Pickering not one that I was primarily
handling Brett Kavanaugh s
characterization of that work on the
nomination of that Judge has now been
contradicted by White House documents
that Republicans apparently intended to
keep confidential so they couldn't be
released to the public
those documents and not released to the
public this week and it turns out
according to the
documents and his own emails brat
Kavanagh was absolutely working in the
White House putting together binders of
information about that nominee Charles
Pickering drafting a letter to a senator
about Charles Pickering working on an
op-ed for the White House Council about
Charles Pickering getting questions
about whether they would need tables for
a support Charles Pickering event and we
know all that now because we can see it
in black and white but he denied having
played a significant role in that
nomination while he was before the
Senate the last time they had him under
oath in 2006 so just keep an eye on that
question about his role in the Charles
Pickering nomination that's a name that
is no definitely not a household name
but Charles Pickering back in the day
was a disastrous nomination for the
George W Bush White House Pickering
eventually got recess appointed because
it couldn't get him through the Senate
and then he had to step down off the
bench and it was a big embarrassment and
he did do stuff to try to get that seat
that was seriously controversial so you
might understand why at the time Calvin
I didn't want to be associated with that
very controversial nomination that bad
nomination and that guy was was such a
bad headline for the Bush White House do
you understand why he might have done
that but saying he wasn't involved there
well we now know in black and white that
he absolutely was understandable as it
may be trying to save his own skin and
stay away from controversial issues that
appears to have been a really blatant
lie that he told in sworn testimony
judges really aren't supposed to do that
also there's the time that Brett
Kavanaugh got emails that had been
stolen from Senate Democrats they were
stolen by a Republican staffer who then
handed the stolen documents over to
Cavanaugh in the Bush White House who
then used those stolen documents to plot
strategy to get Bush nominees through
the Senate they had the Democrats game
plan it made it much easier right it's
easier to get around opposition from the
opposite party if you've got all of the
opposite parties documents memos draft
questions research etc right that was a
big scandal at the time the computer
servers in the Judiciary Committee got
seized as evidence people got fired
people were referred for prosecution
and so Brett Kavanaugh as a Bush White
House lawyer nominated to become a judge
once they had him under oath yeah he was
definitely gonna get asked if he had had
any role in that scandal any knowledge
of it he appears to have lied in
response to those questions under oath
the mr. Miranda ever share share
reference or provide you with any
documents that appeared to you to have
been drafted or prepared by Democratic
staff members of the Senate Judiciary
Committee no I was not aware of that
matter ever until I learned of it in the
media I just want to clear up the
questions that Orrin asked you had said
that mr. Miranda never provided these
documents you know that were from this
had you seen them in any way did you
ever come across memos from internal
files of any Democratic members given to
you or provided to you in any way
no thank you no never saw it I had no
idea that was going on never saw that's
nothing that looked like that so in 2004
when he was first nominated for a
judgeship Brett Kavanaugh said nope
you'd say nothing he'd been given
nothing of the sort you learned about it
only from the media his nomination was
controversial and it languished for a
while so they first brought him up in
2004 he didn't get confirmed they ended
up coming back up to the Senate with him
in 2006 so we had to do a whole second
round of hearings there this is still a
controversial matter 2006 he gets asked
about it again and he appears to have
lied about it again I did not know about
any memos from the Democratic side I was
not I did not suspect that had I known
or suspected that I would have
immediately told Judge Gonzalez who I'm
sure would have immediately talked to
chairman hatch about it did not know
about it did not suspect it did not know
about it did not suspect it I would have
reported that had I had any inkling
Brett Kavanaugh on those leaked
Democratic memos the stolen Democratic
memos in 2004 and then again in 2006 now
we're all taped from this week now when
you work at the White House did anyone
ever tell you they had a mole that
provided them with
information related to nominations I
don't recall the reference to a mole
which sounds highly specific reference
to a mole you mean the tiny rodent
that's kind of blind looks like this
sounds highly specific it is highly
specific especially when a senator
unearths and releases an email to bread
Cavanaugh with the subject line spying
and the first line of the email says I
have a friend who's a mole for us on the
left and then the rest of the email is
democratic documents and research on
judicial nominees Democratic senators
posted a whole bunch of emails from that
Republican Senate staffer who stole this
stuff from the Democrats emails from
that staffer to Brett Kavanaugh in the
White House this guy was providing
Cavanaugh quote intel on Senate
Democrats he was providing quote my info
on what was happening among democratic
staffers when it came to Bush judicial
nominees he was describing a quote
confidential letter sent by a Senate
Democrat so Brett Kavanaugh has gone
from saying a 2004 that he didn't have
that insight information he never heard
about that to saying in 2006 no idea no
inkling I would have reported it if I
heard anything about that to now being
confronted with the fact that he did
have that information he was told there
was a spy it was a mole this is
information taken from the Democrats
confidential stuff do not circulate now
confronted about that his explanation
for it this week was that it's normal to
have that kind of stuff
there's nothing weird about it today the
former Senate lawyer who wrote those
democratic documents that were stolen
made a forceful case at Slate comm about
this part of Judge Cavanaugh's record
Lisa graves writing at Slate today quote
even if Cavanaugh could claim that he
didn't have any hint at the time he
received the emails that these documents
were of suspect provenance which I
personally find implausible there is no
reasonable way for him to assert
honestly that he had no idea what they
were after what they were after the
revelation of the theft any reasonable
person would have realized they had been
stolen and certainly someone as smart as
Cavanaugh
would have to but he lied under oath
grape says not only should Cavanaugh
quote not be confirmed she says quote he
should clearly be impeached he should
not be elevated to the high court he
should be hauled down from the federal
bench he serves on now
and so yes the hearings of Brett
Kavanaugh adjourned late this afternoon
senators have until Monday to rest up
and then they'll submit written
questions before the process moves on to
the next phase
confirmation fights play out all sorts
of ways how this one unrolls from here
we do not know he is a historically
unpopular nominee being put forward by
historically unpopular president by
Republicans in the Senate who enjoy a
historically small margin in terms of
their majority but among the other
things that Senate Democrats believe
they exposed to damage the Kavanagh
nomination this week Senate Democrats do
you think they got him on at least a
couple of points that look like perjury
now they'll try to make that stick hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
