many Americans are fond of actor Jeffrey
Owens for his iconic role as a doctor
who married into the Cosby family but he
just got some unwanted attention this
week from a photo circulating of him
working at Trader Joe's FoxNews ran a
headline that he was quote spotted
bagging groceries which was blasted as
classist job shaming Owens is on the
beat tonight to talk about this fake
controversy called an on travers√©e and
what it says about class in America 37
year old actor has been on many shows
since his Cosby days including recently
CBS's elementary he's wrong about the
damage is not being tangible I mean the
release of this videos cost my clients a
virtual king's ransom those articles
about Owens quickly backfired prominent
actors like Terry Crews and Tyler Perry
praising him and noting that most actors
work side jobs director Judd Apatow
calling Owens hilarious while reposting
a quote about the dignity of work
Jeffery thanks for coming on the beat
welcome how are you I'm great with Fox
News job shaming I guess so I mean I
can't see what it what else the
motivation would have been you know it's
just an attempt to you know make someone
feel small about doing what they have to
do to make a living it doesn't make any
sense to me but yeah that's that appears
to be the motive right there
so how did this feel to go from doing
your job to getting this onslaught of
attention and then getting a lot of
people defending you and defending what
it means to work this has been quite a
week re surreal is the word that best
describes it from relative anonymity at
Trader Joe's and not complete because I
was recognized there as the guy from The
Cosby Show almost every day I work there
yeah in a nice way a cool way you know
my customers yeah and then that awful
thing that came out that day you know
with the pictures and the demeaning
words and descriptions which just made
me feel humiliated basically
fortunately the humiliation only lasted
like and I believe it was an hour or two
before my wife and I started reading the
posts the reactions from literally all
over the world and so very quickly
something awful and then humiliating
became something wonderful karma
Lawrence is one of the people who took
one of these photos I want to read from
some of the reporting here as you say
it's been quite a week she says she
can't sleep that she feels she's
unintentionally hurt someone she said I
would tell him I'm extremely apologetic
about what's happened if I could take it
back I would what do you say to her I
say that's very cool and I say I accept
that and I'd like her to know that I I
had I had no no ill feeling towards her
you know even as this happened if I
could see her now I can totally tell her
that I forgive her this story is at its
root it's about snobbery and classes yes
and I want to put up on the screen here
something that President Trump has has
done he has said he prefers hiring
billionaires to anyone else and he
prefers Ivy League alums he doesn't like
Jeff Sessions well that helps doesn't
like session southern accent but first
people went to Ivy League colleges and
touts that he hired billionaires for his
cabinet and then take a listen to him
explaining that choice so somebody said
why did you appoint a rich person to be
in charge of the economy I said because
that's the kind of thinking we want I
mean you know really because they're
representing the country and I love all
people rich or poor but in those
particular positions I just don't want a
poor person does that make sense does
that make sense does that make sense and
is this important in that way you know
what I'm only gonna say one thing right
here because I don't want to get into
politics too much but this is the man
who said he preferred his war heroes
that weren't caught hmm do you know I
mean that's what do you mean I mean that
that's the kind of judgment we're
dealing with anybody who could say that
for instance about Senator McCain I I
don't respect his opinion about these
matters either is what I'm saying where
do we go from here when the Internet is
it well go ahead you look like you no no
no I'm taking in your question you know
you're so expressive have you ever work
yeah well I don't usually pause but you
in it
yeah man actually go actually go into
acting how do you feel about the way the
Internet has put you on blast wrongly
and then and then allow to space for a
bunch of positivity as well I think
what's really good about this is that
there is now this new sensitivity about
what it means to work and that we're
thinking we're rethinking we're really
waiting what it means to work and and
the relative you know this this idea
that certain jobs are better than other
certain jobs are superior to others when
I worked at Trader Joe's I had a
tremendous sense of satisfaction of
peace and innocence at the work I was
doing it was tremendously good for me
spiritually and emotionally you know
when they had the expression something
couldn't happen to a nicer guy this is a
really interesting and in some ways
difficult thing that happened and it
couldn't happen to a more thoughtful guy
because I think we could all benefit
from listening to the how you handle
this and what you're offering us today
so I really appreciate coming by
Jennifer so much for that I appreciate
it thank you hey I'm already Melbourne
from MSNBC you can see more of our
videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us
and we appreciate that
