I see President Obama delivered those
pointed remarks today about the current
president toughest remarks he's made of
course since leaving office nothing like
it before today Obama warned his
supporters that these are extraordinary
and dangerous times he not Trump of
course we're attacking the press for
pressuring his attorney Joe to push to
punish political opponents and for not
standing up clearly and unequivocally
did not see sympathizes while the
contracts couldn't be sharper between
these two guys The Closer that we get to
Election Day the more those invested in
the politics of fear and division will
work to we'll do anything to hang on to
their recent games their policies are
horrible they're for open borders
meaning let all the crime come in
they're against so many things that you
want it shouldn't be democratic or
republican to say that we don't threaten
the freedom of the press because the
latest act of resistance is the op-ed
published in the failing New York Times
it's really dangerous and it's really
sad for the media and the mainstream
media you need to vote because our
democracy depends on you like to use the
impeach word impeach Trump Maxine Waters
we will impeach him if it does happen
it's your fault because you didn't go
out to vote all right is former director
strategic communications for Hillary
prepare America and Michael Steele's
former RNC chair at MSNBC outlets you
know he's back in the fight again and I
think that he was careful today and I
think the former president is weary
because he's seen what happened anybody
gets into the arena with Trump you
started getting talking trash talk with
him he trash talks back to you you look
smaller it's very hard to stay fighting
with a guy I don't think that's the case
with Obama I think Obama is a different
type of player on that space we saw that
at the White House Correspondents Dinner
where he systematically deconstructed
Donald Trump in front of Donald Trump
and has a very biting way to do it it is
sort of a highbrow approach for sure but
no less biting and in
I think the president is planning to do
a couple things here one obviously to
engage the base and get that Democratic
vote out there but also to be that voice
that's a counter voice to what's out
here now because that doesn't exist in
the Democratic Party who is that
individual it's not Cory Booker it's not
Kamala Harris it's not there's no leader
the Democratic there's no leader who
can't stand in with with stature to your
point and make the case about a
different America oh wow America that we
thought we knew you know as the former
president fight but I have watched the
Trump method draw the other person into
the pit with you get the other guy or
woman to take shots at you make them at
your level and you then the other person
likes any morrow advantage yeah but I
don't think Obama cares I mean he sees
this is there's a much higher calling
right now which is to try to unite the
country and to your point I mean he does
not see himself as the face of the
opposition the face of the Democratic
Party you may recall Chris of course
when President Clinton after when he was
the tears after he was president he did
sort of take on that role he went he was
out there more rooms more visible
President Obama is not doing that but
when he does speak he draws a lot of
attention he's trying to unite the party
he's trying to unite the country and
that's what he sees he doesn't care of
president trying to tweets it well we'll
see president Trump wasted no time
responded to a Brock's remarks here's
what he had to say during a fundraiser
in North Dakota I'm sorry I watched it
but I fell asleep I found he's very good
very good for sleeping okay here's what
I think he's doing I think he's 20 Obama
he's saying go get nastier than that
come on come at me because then if you
get nasty against me instead of this
don't be too high level with me but give
me some purchase here but Chris that is
not Obama's style they call him no drama
Obama for a reason and but he does have
a way and we've seen it I mean it's not
something that is unknown to us we've
seen the president former president take
on adversaries in a way in which he
scores the points he needs to score
and and to like when he made fun of The
Apprentice yes exactly exactly so he has
a way of doing that now you know is that
entertainment for us possibly to a
certain degree but I think there's
something bigger and more important here
because I this last two weeks chris has
been a real exposing of some deep
fissures in the country and people are
beginning to realize just where we are
and so now there's a voice is starting
to emerge this op ed other things are
starting to happen that are setting a
different state now we'll see how it
plays out you be ultimately be right but
i give obama an equal footing on these I
think Obama's doing he basically gave a
political speech they covered in non
political language he said even if you
don't like the Democratic Party on
immigration if you don't like him on
what he called regulation you think
there's too much big government even if
you don't like him on abortion issues
like same-sex even if you don't like
getting these things here's a chance to
punch back you know the trunk in other
words this is an anti-trump opportunity
he was broadening that tent to include
everything but Trump's kids vote
Democrat but he gave an aspirational
speech the contrast that you just showed
was was incredible and I think what he's
also doing is reminding people if you
want to take back your country take back
democracy
you got a vote voter turnout in the
midterms is notoriously low you know
that your former RNC chair so we got to
see turnout if we're gonna actually win
back some of these House seats and
possibly take back the Senate and I
never get a run next time now because I
keep hearing these rumors that John
Kerry's running that Biden's running
that Hillary's run that everybody is run
I keep hearing this but I'm wrong right
she's made it very clear none of these
older people who are run I don't know if
I can't speak for John Kerry but what
are you here I keep hearing they're all
running no I don't hear that they're all
running on what I do here is that of the
list on the list of the list you just
missed mentioned Biden is the one that
everyone's got an eye on because and I
think of that list he is the strongest
one to move forward and I think the
country's January age age won't be an
issue in this next battle it no no I
denne prime eyes have a winner winning
minorities you're winning young rascal
always wouldn't the presidential race I
don't think age is going to be a factor
there necessarily it may play down
ballot and other things but not here
yeah no I agree and I think people are
gonna want somebody who is experienced
and somebody who can just come in and
take our country along with the Tony
Bennett model which is the older guy the
young people like the older guy the
young people like anyway with Adrian
Elrod thank you Michael Steele I think
this is too mature an audience
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
