it's pretty clear to me that John Kelly
doesn't have the full confidence of the
President
if you didn't have the full confidence
of the president would you walk yes so
it is partly yeah point I get I get the
story that you know he's there to save
America or whatever but come on let the
president have let's say that's the
president I have someone who flexes now
if John Kelly is agreeable with all this
craziness then he ought to embrace it
and and I'd love it and and defend it
and go further with it
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more meat to
press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
