welcome back tonight as we head into the
first weekend of the NFL season I'm
obsessed with the similarities between
sports and politics no not the usual
they're both about competition and
numbers and who wins and loses no this
is about two leaders their teams both
wear red white and blue they've done a
lot of winning recently and these guys
managed to communicate a lot by saying
very little this news organization
hasn't had consideration to the hostile
or honest and tonight
Cincinnati you're onto Cincinnati
right now since enough we're getting
ready for Cincinnati we're getting ready
for Cincinnati you got that right in
case you missed it Bill Belichick
Patriots we're getting ready to play the
Cincinnati Bengals sort of reminds me of
that other guy who has become kind of a
big deal in Kentucky I couldn't disagree
more with a statement like that is it a
racist statement I couldn't disagree
more with what he what do you had to say
okay but do why we do you think it's a
racist statement just I don't agree with
what he had decided I guess Mitch
McConnell did not agree with what Donald
Trump had to say let's face it both of
these guys have been leading their
league in wins for some time so maybe by
saying nothing they're on to something
when we come back we're on to since
Annette man oh wait a minute song I
couldn't disagree more with what I just
had to say hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me a
favor subscribe by clicking on that
button down there click on any of the
videos to watch the latest interviews
and highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC
you get more meat to press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
