it is the first Friday of the month
which means it's jobs dan we've got new
numbers for unemployment and jobs two
thousand and one job to two hundred and
one thousand jobs were added in August
the unemployment rate remained at three
point nine percent more good news
average hourly earnings saw an increase
of two point nine percent year-over-year
this is the annual the biggest annual
pay right at rise in more than nine
years there's plenty of room to grow
however as we've discussed before two
point nine percent inflation over the
past year erodes these gains that
workers are seeing in their paychecks
Stephanie and I are going to talk about
this in just a second what we are seeing
is an even bigger increase in for
workers we need an increase in for
workers to feel the difference after
years of strong economic growth and low
unemployment rates we'd expect that
employers would raise pay even more to
be able to attract more skilled workers
to open positions we're not seeing that
happen yet the two point nine percent
wage growth is good it's not great
Stephanie I know ed listen I've said
this for every administration because on
jobs day every administration touts how
good it actually is 2.9% looks good to
us because we haven't seen it for a long
time but to the average worker who does
pay more for gas who does pay more for
health care who does pay more for
childcare for university for their their
student it's a wash it's a wash but it's
better than where we were or not I think
that's better than being that's it it's
better than where we were a month ago so
at the very least we're going in the
right direction and that is certainly a
positive another way to go in the right
direction is to bring this fella in CNBC
editor at large and our dear friend John
Harwood all right John
White House Council of Economic Advisers
released a report this week that claims
inflation adjusted wages have risen by a
full 1% over the last year that flies in
the face of today's figures from the
Labor Department help us understand this
well what they're trying to do is look
for a metric that produces a more
favorable number and there's nothing
wrong with looking at benefits and a
broader measure of workers well-being
but of course if you do that then you've
got a
do it for economic periods in the past
and any economic period would look
better with when healthcare the value of
health care and the cost of healthcare
is rising when workers are getting their
health care at through their employer
that's going to reflect in their total
compensation so it is simply a way of
trying to spin slow wage growth and make
it look a little better but it doesn't
change the underlying picture which is
what you should have been discussing
which is that yes wages are rising but
inflation is also rising depending on
what measure we're either going a little
bit backwards because of inflation or
people are getting a little bit ahead
but the point is we need to be a lot
ahead there seems to be a dog interested
in this report of yours by the way
behind you there is a dog interested in
this deal interested who doesn't break
all the administration's do this every
time there is a job report they find the
best dogs got to bite them they find the
best way to spin it by the way any
corporation not any white house they're
gonna take a number and they're gonna
spin it to look better that's fine it's
not terrible as Stephanie says it's not
terrible however John the the there were
losses job losses in the auto sector and
in manufacturing which is not typical of
the last few years makes me think it's
got something to do with the trade war
no question about it and every economist
will tell you that the trade war is the
one thing on the horizon right now which
has the potential to really undercut
some of the short-term stimulus that
we've gotten from the tax bill and
higher government spending it is a drag
on the economy over time other things
will be a drag like rising deficits but
in the in the near term that is
certainly a risk and it's one of the
things that candidates are talking about
a lot here in California in Orange
County where there are many contested
races in the Republican who is touting
strong the strong economy says tariffs
are one thing she disagrees with the
President on and so does the Democratic
candidate it's interesting the president
touts the strong economy Republicans do
Republicans who are currently running in
this midterm cycle don't talk about it
because as far as trickle-down goes it
hasn't trickled down yet John quickly
before we go this is a good jobs number
does this push the Fed one step closer
to raising rates because that would make
logical sense or continue to raise rates
as they've been doing but we know the
president he doesn't like that though he
did when Obama was in office I do think
so Stephanie the fact that you both have
a labor force participation at the
levels where it is and wages beginning
to rise that is going to encourage the
Fed I think to be a little more cautious
about overheating in the economy and so
it could be a good news today but
potentially counterproductive if you're
Donald Trump and looking to not have the
Fed be as aggressive as it might want to
be yeah nobody likes that happening when
there's an election a lot of presidents
and others have blame fed in hindsight
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
