lyin Ted holds that Bible high puts it
down and then he lies Donald is a bully
the man is utterly amoral I think he's
crazy I honestly I think he's crazy this
man is a pathological liar a narcissist
at a level I don't think this country
has ever seen
he is joking like a dog because he's
losing so badly
we have to put him away tomorrow Donald
you're a sniveling coward and leave
Heidi the hell alone
his father was with Lee Harvey Oswald
prior to us walls being you know the
whole thing is ridiculous what what is
this right prior to his being shot and
nobody even brings it up I mean they
don't even talk about that politics
there's a word for a fight like that two
tarantulas in a bowl my how times change
what a difference two years makes after
their very public feud during the
presidential election one of the most
bizarre and hostile public spectacles in
modern political history who'd have
guessed Donald Trump and Ted Cruz are
now apparently best buds he's beautiful
head we fought it out the outcome was
obvious
and we have worked together very closely
I like him a lot okay jump is holding a
rally in Houston tonight to benefit Cruz
who's locked in a tight battle with
Democrat Beto O'Rourke
and some news on that front early voting
started today in Texas and look at this
from Houston Chronicle reporter Jeremy
Wallace long long lines
some people even apparently camped out
last night The Chronicle says nearly two
thousand people were outside one polling
place in Houston this morning hours
before early voting even began that
could be good news for Roark who was
greeted by rockstar sized crowds that
his stops at voting locations today
Houston Chronicle taking the rare staff
of step of endorsing a Democrat in the
statewide race joining us at the table
Brett Stevens New York Times op-ed
columnist and Kareem jean-pierre did I
say that right org and mike lupica who'd
be the first to notice and call me out
on my bad French better Thomas awesome
you know I mean I feel like if they were
so sure that Ted Cruz had this in the
bag I have to say Nicole if six months
six months ago if I was sitting at this
table and I was gonna and I was telling
you hey the last two weeks before this
midterm Donald Trump is gonna go to
ruby-red Texas and do and do a campaign
for Ted Cruz you guys would have laughed
me off of the same rate so I think that
what Donald Trump is doing clearly it's
all defense it's not offense he's going
to all of these were red states Dean
Heller's under water going to Arizona
trying to save that seat and so it's not
I can't imagine that is good for
Republicans and now we're hearing high
turnout in early voting we saw height
high register registration as well in
Texas Ohio too early voting in Georgia
and Tennessee that's actually good for
Democrats not Republicans the reason why
Republicans do so well in midterms is
because we don't come out Democrats
don't come out look look at Michael oh
because it feels like the what if the
Republicans have prevailed at anything
it's winning this pre midterm spin game
I call three Republican pollsters
because I'm disoriented myself by the
spin but
I didn't find a single pollster I've
known my entire career who thought there
was a chance in hell that Republicans
would hold the house
ergo Democrats are likely looking at
whether they win by one seat or 101
seats likely taking control of a chamber
that could launch investigations into
every corner of the Trump administration
why aren't they happier yeah well you
know what what's odd to me and what's
been odd all along Nicole is that they
actually thought the whole Cavanaugh
thing and and getting behind this aging
frat boy was a winning thing for them
and they do they keep moving the
goalposts and you hear the Trump says
hey you're voting for me on November 6
but that behind the scenes he's saying
hey don't pin this on me if we lose the
house we can see that in an interview
yeah I sometimes forget but when the
curtain gets pulled back and what and
when it gets pulled back I'm just
watching the curse stuff the crew stuff
is the Republican Party in full bloom I
mean think about all the words that were
spoken on this network and all networks
about NFL players taking a knee think of
all the time that was wasted on the
Internet and guess what Ted Cruz is
doing tonight
he is genuflecting in front of the
President of the United States because
they both think there's political hay to
be made by him doing that and they take
all the political spin on both sides out
of this you don't land Air Force One in
a state where a statewide election is in
the back
you just don't so going to Texas going
to deep-red Texas suggests that Donald
Trump ever the performer see something
in better than all the Democrats see I'm
not sure about that for one thing the
president enjoys a crowd so I think this
tour is partly for the president's needs
and partly for his party's look I I see
more and more profiles of a work and I
see his poll numbers dropping and
dropping so it doesn't seem like he's
closing in right now I will say that I
think the president's tour right now
isn't as a policy of insurance he's
trying to make sure that there is no
chance of a Democratic Senate as best he
can
the house goes it's one thing if the
Senate goes he's in real trouble so I
see this more as putting it in the bag
for Republicans and not playing defense
is absolutely right and I think
Democrats should explain to our viewers
are the importance of this Senate I mean
even ten months ago and the Muller probe
was generating headlines on a daily
basis the president's outside legal
advisors saw avoiding conviction in the
Senate as the the strategy for
protecting that that's why they sort of
blew up the whole prospect of a
presidential interview that's why they
ultimately didn't fire Miller their
whole goal to protect the president
became avoiding conviction in the Senate
well it would need two-thirds of the
Senate in order to do that so that
that's I don't think that's an issue for
them but it is an issue for instance
it's very important for a lot of
Republican voters that the Senate still
will be confirming judges not just
justices to the Supreme Court but a lot
of a lot of the lower courts look what
we learned in 2016 is that we don't
understand none of us understand the
American electorate as well as we should
pollsters certainly didn't understand
that so quite honestly from the point of
view of political tactics this is Trump
just not committing the kind of
malpractice that Hillary Clinton
committed when she wasn't going to
Wisconsin Michigan making sure that
those states she needed to win were were
rolled up I think I think he's I think
he's right the fact of the matter is for
all the enthusiasm for beto and you know
how I feel about his opponent for all
the enthusiasm for beto that the spread
has been widening this looks like
Republicans did in fact get a Cavanagh
bump and that it's going to guarantee
them control of the chamber so this is
sort of you know disparaging polls let
me put went up as far behind as Donald
Trump was at this point before the 2016
election I think we have those if not
Trump was down I think it's about one
point yeah so if pollsters are wrong
they could be almost as wrong again my
point is just to underscore yours which
is that point polls don't really we just
don't know the truth is we're in a new
world and I agree time will tell polls
are kind of the theories the model seems
to be different this time because the
electorate is different so we don't know
what may happen in this in this election
but I will have to say that Donald Trump
going in
to these red states in particular
tonight Texas it's it's yes it will gin
up his base but I think it will also gin
up the other side as well
because we have to remember more people
opposed Donald Trump then support him
and so I think there might be some
advantages on the other side to by him
trying to do the defense and and you
know bringing it home I guess for is the
way he's saying it's a sign of all of
our politics being so polarizing you go
into excite one side you you excite them
both
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
