and turning from politics now some sad
news out of the world of entertainment
one of Hollywood's most popular leading
men Burt Reynolds has died at the age of
82 the star of deliverance Smokey and
the Bandit and The Longest Yard and
Boogie Nights Reynolds dominated the 70s
and 80s film eras before returning to
television where he got to start
producing his own Emmy award-winning
sitcom evening shade he was a
sought-after actor and notably turned
down iconic roles that made the careers
of others including Han Solo James Bond
Michael Corleone Jack Nicholson's
McMurphy in One Flew Over the Cuckoo's
Nest and Richard Gere's Edward in Pretty
Woman he was expected to make his silver
screen return in Quentin Tarantino's
upcoming film Once Upon a Time in
Hollywood and is survived by his son
Quentin now Reynolds remained
charismatic despite the ups and downs of
his storied career here's what he had to
say to me when I interviewed him for
Access Hollywood back in 2016 I had a
great time and a wonderful career and
great friends wonderful friends
do I have any regrets yeah I probably
hurt some people along the way I was and
wish I could make it up to him I'm
crying now I have a fabulous son a
wonderful young man he's an editor so I
will get some close-ups he gets someone
of my picture well take him out of the
will what a remarkable career humor till
I can't every time I see Han Solo
Michael Corleone and pretty woman yeah
and try to imagine in there Burt
Reynolds Wow I heard yesterday that he
was at one point in 1978 in four
different films that were all released
at the same time so there was at one
point I mean that's how prolific of an
actor he was career yeah absolutely
indeed
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
