sauly good morning what are the numbers
look like all right well the numbers are
better than expected I guess you could
say the rain exploded with a mighty
crash as we fell into the Sun with the
job market guys the August payroll
numbers coming out up a little better
than expected 200 1000 jobs added in the
month of August a little higher although
June July revised down unemployment at
3.9 percent I'll give you the good note
news which is maybe a lodestar for an
improving economy which is an encourage
hourly earnings rose 0.4 percent that's
10 cents that is above 7 cents in July
and finally a little bit guys we know
the economy's strong because there's
more unemployed there's more open jobs
than unemployed people finally wages are
beginning slowly but surely to reflect
that I think that's what we want to see
is not just a tight labor market but a
tight labor market that turns into
people getting paid more for the job I
know that Joe Scarborough is wildly
underpaid and finally we're starting to
see some of this kick back up so a
better-than-expected caught an economy
on the run 200 1000 guys I think God is
the theme with that second job really
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
