Facebook has made itself so necessary to
the online experience that for many
people it is the Internet and that's
causing some major problems when it
comes to user data and security you can
trace a lot of these problems to a
phenomenon called the network effect I
think the first time I ever read about
this they were talking about fax machine
right the first fax machine is invented
it's totally useless but the more people
who have it the more useful it becomes
because you can communicate with other
people
Facebook is network effect on steroids
it's an event calendar a contact book a
photo album it's a texting video calling
money transferring social network that
makes millions of dollars a day million
dollars isn't cool you know it's cool
two billion people and at that size the
network effects push Facebook beyond
useful to pretty much being integral to
daily life it's actually you personally
would miss stuff if you went on Facebook
but it would almost be rude right it
could be an inconvenience to your peers
for you to not be on Facebook because
then they couldn't invite you to things
that way so you create a problem for
yourself and you create a problem for
other people by opting out of it this
FOMO is how Facebook turns the network
effect into profit even though no one
pays to use the core service but
advertisers marketers and other folks
will pay for access to that user data
and because users feel that the free
core service is so beneficial they agree
to pay in a sense by providing that data
yeah read those Terms of Service
what happened with Cambridge analytical
estates how our personal boundaries for
using that data in the real world are
being tested the consulting firm hired
by the Trump campaign for the 2016
election exploited access to the data of
millions of Facebook users
now Facebook allows academic researchers
more access to user data than commercial
companies and app developers so a
researcher built this personality quiz
app under those guidelines people used
it and in doing so allowed it to harvest
data from their Facebook profiles but no
one really read the Terms of Service
because it also gave the app access to
some data on the friends of the people B
took the quiz these are friends who did
not directly consent to the terms of the
app only 270 thousand people took the
quiz but by Facebook's latest estimate
the app was able to harvest the data of
at least 87 million users here's the
kicker this was all aboveboard
the data collection didn't violate any
rules but what wasn't allowed was
handing over that data collected for
research purposes to Cambridge
analytical and when it came out that
Cambridge used all this data to develop
techniques to target voters during the
2016 election people were not happy and
users wanted to know why Facebook was
allowed to do this when you have
executives saying it's our
responsibility to do X a good question
to ask is like in what sense is it your
responsibility is it your legal
responsibility are you just saying you
know you'll feel bad the situation with
Facebook is unique in that there are no
legal responsibilities at all which is
different from financial institutions
medical records other kinds of things
like that
even though angering its users might
seem bad for business Facebook isn't
doing anything unexpected here in
regards to your data because the ants
and high school friends and work
acquaintances on Facebook are just the
users of the platform they're also the
product and Facebook sells that product
access to all of that data to
advertisers who want information about
potential customers which is how
Facebook makes millions daily without
charging you to use it when you look at
it this way Facebook is very very
what it does you make the people
spending the most time on it don't
actually like it that much and that's
why I think it's important to see that
as far as we can tell from the research
that's available Facebook is not really
good for its customers it makes people
feel lonely and depressed
Matt's referring to this study by the
University of Copenhagen it compared how
participants self-reported various
emotions before and after quitting
Facebook for a week it's a good reminder
that while Facebook does exist to do
things like connect you with friends and
help you find events that's secondary to
the platform's business goal of mining
your data put another way Facebook only
cares that you're using Facebook not
whether you like to use Facebook which
is why the main selling point is that
everyone is on Facebook because at
roughly 2 billion users those network
effects likely aren't going anywhere and
whether you like them or not you
probably aren't going anywhere either
you
