the weekend of August 12th a white
nationalist rally in Charlottesville
Virginia descended into violence on
Friday night white nationalists attacked
counter protesters and on Saturday a
woman named Heather Haier was killed
when a man purposely drove his car into
a group of counter protesters in
response President Trump blamed both
sides we condemn in the strongest
possible terms this egregious display of
hatred bigotry and violence on many
sides he didn't call out the white
supremacist by name he didn't
acknowledge that they were the ones who
had initiated the violence or engaged in
the lethal violence that killed Heather
Haier instead of assuring people that
these groups are dangerous and wrong he
actively misled people about what
happened in Charlottesville he implied
that the white nationalists and the
counter protesters were equally to blame
that hate was a 50/50 split we must love
each other respect each other and
cherish our history and our future
together all of this stands in stark
contrast to the rhetoric he uses when he
talks about terrorists who are Muslim
radical Islamic terrorists are
determined to strike our homeland as
they did on 9/11 as they did from Boston
to Orlando to San Bernardino and Islamic
terrorists turned his truck into an
instrument of mass murder radical
Islamic terrorists and she won't even
mention the word we cannot let this evil
continue Trump doesn't have a problem
calling people out by name the family of
a dead US service member the cast of
Hamilton Meryl Streep Barack Obama John
McCain just to name a few
but Trump's vague and tepid response to
the white supremacist in Charlottesville
wasn't just annoying or misleading white
nationalists took it as a sign of tacit
approval a post on the white nationalist
site The Daily stormer praised Trump's
lack of condemnation writing accurately
that when asked to condemn he walked out
of the room Trump did the same thing
during the campaign like to punch him in
the face I'll tell you
yeah get him out try not to hurt him if
you do I'll defend you in court don't
worry about he refused to condemn
violence at his campaign rallies in fact
he'd offered to pay legal fees of people
who beat up protesters knock the crap
out of them would you seriously okay
just knock the hell I promise you I will
pay for the legal fees I promise do you
believe that you've done anything to
create a tone where this kind of
violence would be encouraged I hope not
I truly hope not
I will say this we have 25 thirty
thousand people you've seen it yourself
people come with tremendous passion and
love for the country you refuse to
condemn supporters who beat up a Mexican
band in Trump's name saying that his
followers were very passionate he
refused to condemn the self-described
alt-right an online movement that's delt
increasingly in white nationalist
rhetoric and throats Heil Trump Heil our
people hail victory while claiming to be
simply trolls and provocateurs the Trump
guys the OLT right that you know that
the Twitter kind of meme and troll
Brigade or white supremacists until
people start chasing you and then you
put the uniform on so are you gonna put
it back on in the streets it's
impossible to tell the difference
between someone who's giving a Nazi
salute ironically and someone who's
doing it in earnest and at a time when
the people doing it in earnest are
engaging in physical violence those who
claim they're doing it ironically don't
appear to have any problem with the
confusion or fear they might cause but
the president isn't condemning them the
way he condemns Islamist terrorists it
might seem as if he's not taking Assad
but by doing that he is taking a side he
is giving succor to the people who
engaged in hate in charlottesville over
the weekend and refusing comfort to
those who live in fear of what that hate
could me
you
