this is Washington DC's streetcar it
runs through about 2.2 miles of mixed
traffic in the United States capital and
it was once a part of an ambitious 37
mile streetcar network for the city but
those plans have changed drastically the
project was delivered seven years past
its deadline and tens of millions of
dollars over budget the idea was the
increased mobility for residents while
revitalizing an economically depressed
area of the city but it's had trouble
along the way similar problems growing
up in Atlanta in Salt Lake City
- still there's a massive resurgence of
streetcars underway since 2001
about a dozen streetcar systems that
cropped up across the country but why do
so many cities want streetcars the
general goal is based on the idea that
if we build more densely around our
transit station then we'll convince more
people to walk around bike around and
take transit to get to work to get to
school and other destinations streetcars
are also touted for the ability to add a
certain genetic wan to a neighborhood
you know every city in the country even
around the world wants to have some type
of train going through their city
because they see it as a positive modern
looking and modern feeling public
transportation system the case for
building streetcars has historical
precedent they've been around since the
19th century when they were first horse
driven and later in the 20th century the
electrical versions became really
popular in cities the popularity started
to fade when cities turned their focus
to building infrastructure for buses and
cars but in the last decade or so
streetcars that made a comeback there's
been a lot of excitement and enthusiasm
about urban living some of that comes
with excitement about mass transit mass
transportation but big sort of
traditional heavy rail subway projects
are very very expensive so cities look
for something cheaper that they can do
and a lot of them have come up with
streetcars the portland streetcar was
one
first in the new wave and has led the
way for other cities its success is
often cited in proposals they exemplify
the benefits of a modern transit system
but all shriek our proposals are not
created equal some have seen roaring
success while others like in Atlanta in
DC see a ton of criticism the problem is
is that having sort of gone for mass
transit on the cheap
you get transit that isn't very useful
for transportation it looks nice
you have this cool shiny new train but
if you're running in mixed traffic
you're going to go as for we're often
times slower than a traditional bus
aside from the slow pace limited
connectivity has kept commuters away in
DC I was living here for 37 years and I
like this free car I like it as
convenient
only thing I don't like about it is the
jumbotron I wouldn't you just shook all
over the bus because of lest take me
straight to my job right in front of my
job the streetcar don't even go over the
yield which I didn't think made sense
but so if they're not improving the
commute why is there a push for more
streetcars from my perspective they are
almost entirely designed to support
economic development and not increase
mobility in Portland for instance
planners actively sought development
adjacent to the streetcar our narrative
is pretty development focused early on
to the point where people were saying
the only the only reason you've built
the streetcar was for development
purposes now that we're carrying over to
16,000 passengers a day it's very much a
mix the system succeeded because
Portland Streetcar worked with
developers to support their plan you
have to really look at the development
side of things having the rail on the
ground is significantly important for
them to see the commitment from the city
for them to make catalytic investments
is important right we're asking these
developers to build something that they
may not build anyway but for the rail
investment so there's a little bit of a
quid pro quo there
that kind of focus on economic
development is at the heart of other
projects to the BQ X's be a
state-of-the-art streetcar that runs
from a story at a sunset park and has
the potential to generate over 25
billion dollars of economic activity for
our city over 30 years projections aside
the brooklyn-queens connector has
already proven to be a contentious issue
one clear reason why the project has
been advanced is is similar to these
recalled projects being discussed around
the country which is that there is an
economic development goal in the broken
and Kremes waterfront by some major
investors who want to improve
transportation for basically the new
towers that are being constructed along
the waterfront the motivation behind
development and its effects make for a
messy debate a year after its launch DC
is starting to see the development that
tends to follow transit a string of
luxury apartments restaurants and stores
have fueled a real-estate boom along
each Street I think there is evidence
that suggests that government
expenditures of any sorts that provide a
public benefit will provide sort of
stimulus for development whether they're
investments in neighborhood retail
improvement whether they're better
sidewalks but it doesn't have to be a
streetcar there are many ways to attract
new investment and the streetcar may not
be the ideal one or even the right one
you
