I've often wondered what it felt like to
live through Watergate what did the
president know and when did he know it
events have been rushing toward one
seemingly inevitable conclusion the
disorientation the confusion the feeling
that you don't know the truth but with
each and every day that goes by knowing
that you're just worse than you would
possibly imagined I think I know what it
feels like now we are filling in a
picture slowly that unfortunately makes
a lot of sense think back to May when
President Donald Trump fired FBI
director Jim Comey why did he do that
why did he put his whole administration
at risk well he had an answer wasn't his
White House's in his will answer but he
had an answer when I decided to just do
it I said to myself I said you know this
Russia thing with Trump and Russia is a
made-up story it's an excuse by the
Democrats for having lost an election
that they should have won but now it's
clear that story wasn't made up and and
what's worse and what might explain
Trump's decision to fire call me to
obstruct justice to risk his presidency
is it that investigation branded the
people he loves most in the world here's
what we learned this week on June 3rd
2016 Donald Trump jr. got an email is
from a British publicist named Rob
Goldstone who's writing on behalf of a
Russian businessman Aras Aguilera and
his son and mean both of these folks had
worked with Donald Trump senior on the
2013 Miss Universe pageant in Moscow and
they'd worked with him on other
endeavors everyone wake up come on
what's wrong with you in the email with
Donald Trump you know released on
Twitter in order to get in front of the
New York Times releasing it
Goldstone says a few interesting things
first he writes did our s the older
Aguilera met with somebody calls
Russia's Crown prosecutor that's a term
that in other countries describes a
lawyer who argues on behalf of the state
now Crown prosecutor it doesn't exist in
Russia but just to be clear the sources
later described as a Russian government
attorney and what this person has is a
pretty big deal they have put official
documents and information that would
incriminate her
and they want to meet with Trump jr. and
the company D'Acampo the most
interesting part of the email though the
one that leaves no shadow of doubt about
what was happening here's the last
segment this whole thing the meeting
with the lawyer by the incriminating
documents is quote part of Russia and
its government support for mr. Trump
right there Donald Jr is told of the
meeting it's part of the Russian
government's effort to sway the American
election to his debt and how does he
respond if you go to the FBI to the
ignore the email now minutes later he
replies if it's what you say I love it
any four words the whole email threat to
then campaign sure Paul Manafort and
Jared Kushner they all go to this
meeting with the Russian lawyer at Trump
Tower so what does it tell us what do we
learn here first we learned at Donald
Trump jr. and Jared Kushner and Paul
Manafort they all knew the Russian
government wanted to elect Trump next it
tells us all three of these men they
were just open to working with the
Russian government against Clinton's
campaign they were actively trying to do
it they were taking meetings at a busy
time in the campaign all three of them
they were taking meetings to try to work
with the Russian government that has not
been a story until now are there any
ties between mr. Trump you or your
campaign and Putin in his regime no
there are not it's absurd it is no base
to it and so no and whatsoever for
everybody involved went from and anybody
involved with Russia in the 2016
campaign no just to button up one
question did any adviser or anybody in
the Trump campaign have any contact with
the Russians who are trying to to meddle
in the election well of course not now
if Donald Trump says the Russian lawyer
ended up having quote no meaningful
information for them so his defense is
basically he tried to clued with the
Russian government to influence an
American election but ah the Russian
lawyer his didn't have the goods so
first that might not matter at a court
of law the law says soliciting accepting
tourists or receiving he solicited he
accepted he maybe never received he
violated the law but also remember
Russia did end up hacking Democratic
emails and releasing them in ways and
apt times would help the Trump campaign
we know about this meeting now which
doesn't seem to have been about
females but we don't have there are
other meanings if there's cooperation on
other questions all we really know now
is is the Trump campaign was open to
they were actively working towards
colluding with Russia to influence the
election we also know that when they
were told Russia was trying to help them
they didn't react to surprise or shock
or fear they said yeah let's take that
meeting it's always worth asking how
people involved in in clear wrongdoing
might have seemed like the hero of the
story to themselves Trump and his family
they bought in most fevered conspiracies
about Clinton peace arguably the most
corrupt politician that we've ever seen
in this country right I mean there's no
question about it if Hillary Clinton
were elected she'd be the first
president who couldn't pass a basic
background check she's a world-class
liar and they likely believe there's
information crucial to American
interests looking in her documents if
they had obtained the emails or anything
else and proven Clinton dangerously
unfit to lead or reveal that foreign
powers had more information or more
leverage over American policymaking than
we knew they would have done the country
a great service or at least it's easy to
believe how they would see it that way
what they were actually doing is working
with a foreign government to influence
an American election and that's crossing
a very serious line behind all this I
wonder sometimes how hard is flawed Amir
Putin laughing to us right now
one theory of Russia's involvement in
the election is they never expected to
elect Trump they just wanted to sow
doubt in large institutions and in its
years
look out easily look how wildly they
succeeded
