there are twice as many solar jobs as
coal jobs in the United States today
twice as many in 2016 more than 130,000
people worked as solar installers in the
US while 51,000 worked in coal mining so
what happened first solar panels got a
lot cheaper 10 years ago
rooftop solar systems for more than
twice as expensive as they are today the
price drop in earlier years was driven
by a huge manufacturing surplus mostly
from China later around 2013 the price
continued to drop but more slowly these
reductions were driven by other factors
like more efficient panels and by the
fact that adoption of solar power
spreads by word of mouth you can see it
in this map from Solar City the United
States largest solar installer it shows
residential solar panels in the Fort
Collins Colorado area and each dot
represents a customer the yellow dots
are ordinary customers and the green
dots our customers referred by friends
let's watch that again look at this area
just north of the city proper the yellow
dots are kind of all over the place
but the green dots they start in one
area and then radiate outwards cheaper
more efficient panels this contagion
effect plus tax credits and financing
options that make it possible to buy
panels without paying a lot of front are
all factors that have led to a massive
increase in solar installations on
average a new rooftop solar system is
installed in the US every four minutes
and all of those installations require a
lot of workers which is why the number
of solar employees has more than tripled
since 2010 meanwhile the number of coal
jobs in the US has fallen sharply but if
you look at the data you can see that
this trend has been in the works for
decades at its peak in the mid 1920s the
coal mining industry employed about
900,000 people but that number has been
falling ever since the Great Depression
decreased demand and technological
innovations drove the first wave of job
losses
more recently the numbers drops thanks
to a major competitor to coal energy
companies are increasingly scouring the
country for natural gas
I draw
fracturing behind the closed interval
cracking the shale rock thousands of
feet beneath the ground freeing the
pressure fossil fuel inside fracking is
is a remarkable innovation the
electricity that charges your phone and
powers your refrigerator gets there
through wires that are controlled by an
electric utility companies these
companies build and manage the power
plants that turn fuel like coal and
natural gas into electricity but not all
fuel is created equal
because advancements in fracking
technology have made natural gas cheap
and accessible utility companies are
buying way more of it and way less coal
in 2005 coal-fired power plants produced
about half the nation's electricity by
2016 that share had fallen to about 30%
natural gas has another big advantage
over coal it gives off significantly
less carbon dioxide when it's burned for
electricity power plants are responsible
for about a quarter of carbon dioxide
emission that's why the EPA under
President Obama issued 10 different
regulations targeting coal-fired power
plants which critics often blame for the
coal industry's decline
president Obama has hurt the heart and
soul of my state are proud coal miners
and the communities where they live an
onslaught of over regulations federal
regulations have made it harder to mine
coal and harder to burn coal we're going
to save the coal industry we're going to
save that coal industry believe me we're
going to save it but the truth is a lot
of this might be out of president
Trump's hands a group of researchers
from Columbia University studied the
factors that led to the 27 percent drop
in coal production between 2011 and 2016
and they found that Obama's new
regulations were responsible for about
three to five percent - that decline
natural gas decreased demand and
renewables like wind and solar played a
much bigger part the coal industry's
troubles started way before Obama but
his regulations continue to be the focus
of Trump's rescue plans the war on coal
is over we will put our miners back to
work and unless the president starts to
acknowledge some more important factors
behind coal decline there's not much he
can do to bring back those jobs
you
you
