there are Tesla's everywhere in this
city up until today I've seen a total of
about five Tesla's my entire life and
three of those five were behind glass
cases in luxury malls
I've been inaudible for like a couple of
hours and I've seen like it was there's
one right there they're beautiful
they're sleek they are efficient they're
fast and there's $70,000 there comes
another one up the road yeah 100%
electricity no gas and if you go from
like zero through 100 kilometers in like
five seconds I have no idea I'm not a
car person so I don't know if that's
right here in Norway in 2014
Tessa actually broke a record for number
of cars sold in a month for a single
model of any kind of car not just
electric cars and you look around for a
few minutes and you realize it's not
just ten plugs there are electric cars
everywhere like I see electric cars in
the United States but nothing like this
out there's a Tesla there's a test
letter goes turns out cut Oslo is
actually the epicenter of electric cars
generally
you can tell which cars are electric by
their license plate so this e at the
beginning determines if it's electric
the 2016 in the United States of all the
new cars that were purchased about one
percent were electric
more like 0.9% in Norway it was twenty
nine percent and that trend is only
speeding up in January this year the
share was like 37 percent or something
of all the cars purchased being electric
where on earth have I ended up we've
been kind of a wandering around and I
feel like I'm about to enter a secret
cave the real question is can I fly my
drone over this amazing waterfall never
flown a drone in Norway before so see
how this goes
99% of norway's electricity comes from
hydropower which is like dams so you
have really cheap clean energy that can
be used to power these electric cars the
real core explanation the reason why
there are so many Tesla's and so many
electric cars on the road comes down to
government policy the government
incentivizes very very strongly people
to buy electric cars
this happens in various forms you get
free parking if you drive an electric
car you get access to the HOV Lane which
has way less traffic you don't have to
pay registration fees you get tax
deductions on your income tax and
perhaps the biggest incentive of all is
on the business side companies like
Tesla don't have to pay sales tax for
selling here in Norway so all of this
combined makes it actually way way
cheaper for someone to buy a Tesla here
in Norway than to buy one in the United
States well it's been fun exploring this
random little area I think the big
takeaway from this whole entire journey
so far is even thugs cry so just
remember you even subscribe
all right this is perhaps my favorite
site so far there are 2000 of these
charging stations here in envelope
excuse me can I ask you a couple I'm so
curious about I record it yeah so it's
it's all free it's great yeah it's great
this is what you get from buying an
electric car I'm getting recharging and
we can go in and out of Oslo without
paying for the venue so back all of
these subsidies were talking about that
help fund it electric cars are funded by
what's called a sovereign wealth fund
it's this huge fund that Norway has it's
worth almost a trillion dollars the
government owns it it's basically their
rainy day fund and this is what they use
- under the subsidies the sovereign
wealth fund in Norway is comprised
almost entirely of oil money oil and gas
money fossil fuels Norway the huge
producer of oil and gas and they sell
that to other countries and reap the
benefits in terms of revenue and put
that into the sovereign wealth fund
which then gets funneled into subsidies
for electric cars so they're not burning
the oil here and releasing carbon into
the atmosphere but they're sending
enough to go be burned somewhere else I
asked my friend tor what he thinks about
this tour what do you feel about Norway
being this green sustainable society but
really depending at the end of the day
on fossil fuels in order to make that
happen
that attention was in the Norwegian
psyche
so I think the way we resolve it it is
basically that the world needs oil it
could mean you know there's a lot of
countries are developing China and yet I
will always need energy and we would
argue that we extract it more Greenlee
than other countries
yeah we're buying good conscience for
sure yeah but like it's better than not
doing anything we're fully aware that
there's like green shift we're talking
about it's funded by you know oil money
the irony is not lost on us in any way
so I think tor is right I think that the
fact that Norway is exporting its carbon
footprint to other countries it doesn't
cancel out all of the wonderful
progressive green things that they're
doing here this is a story about
incentives and green infrastructure and
a green society but it's also a story
about how fossil fuels continue to make
the world go round
I am tired and jet-lagged can have left
in like twenty three hours I'm going to
go to bed now the fun day chasing
Tesla's tomorrow we go to the North Pole
