there's a common question that people
might ask is the world better off if
Donald Trump stayed off Twitter
I actually think what I would just
rather see is Donald Trump not being
mean on Twitter I really worried when
Donald Trump's are using Twitter as a
way to be demeaning and degrading he
would call people out he would attack
people's character
and that to me was very frustrating when
I watched candidate Trump take his
rhetoric from the campaign trail use
Twitter to elevate that kind of toxin
into our American dialogue and now he's
president of United States and I do
worry about foreign policy done by
Twitter not because it couldn't be a
strategic use of larger scale messaging
Donald Trump seems to have followers all
over the globe I just worry about him
using that platform in a way that could
be shooting from the hip it could be
dangerous could undermine even his
aspirations for peace and communities
were for solving international conflicts
so the great thing about Twitter is it's
this platform that's neutral but it's a
powerful platform in the same way that
radio became powerful in politics on a
Sunday night or we have my inauguration
I use the radio the federal about the
banking psychic about the measures we
were taking to mediate in the same way
that TV suddenly in the Kennedy Nixon
debate became a powerful platform the
candidates need no introduction the
Republican candidate Vice President
Richard Nixon and the Democratic
candidate Senator John F Kennedy now
technology innovations brought to a new
level of social media you know since
I've been in Newark politics I've
noticed that a lot of people pick on
cities in America and so I get kind of
tired of that and a long time ago I
began to respond to people who had big
platforms who were attacking our city my
first person was Conan O'Brien who on
his show attacked us Arab Newark New
Jersey wants to set up a citywide
program to improve Newark residents
health but the health care program would
consist of a bus ticket out of Newark it
was even on social media but I responded
with social media
last week Conan O'Brien took a swing at
our city and before you knew it this
Corian Conan kerfuffle this fight we
kept going back and forth on social
media and on a show that it ended up
getting millions and millions of people
tuning in to a fight where I was getting
a chance to brag about in New York you
fail to understand our city is one of
the fastest growing cities in the
Northeast
I'm officially putting you on the newer
New Jersey Airport no-fly list try JFK
buddy eventually I went on The Tonight
Show with Conan O'Brien to bury the
hatchet and their tongue-in-cheek
standoff Brian called it the most
expensive joke ever told making $100,000
donation to Mayor Booker's Newark now
charity and so my point is is that I've
learned the social media can be a great
platform that when you encounter people
who are trolling cities that you can do
something about it whether it's Conan
O'Brien Mindy Kaling Cory Booker I can't
believe you can yes anything to get a
Newark I think that when you defend your
city but defend it with kindness and
defend it with humor or defendant with
generosity of spirit you actually could
turn people around or at least get them
to profess the truth that America is
great and America is great because we
have great communities everywhere
including in places like Newark look III
don't want to draw advice to the
president Donald Trump I mean clearly he
must stick to himself
I don't even Cory Booker's advice look
how well I'm doing I'm president
knighted States but I do think that look
Donald Trump would shock the world if he
shifted and just said you know what I'm
going to live kindness on the Internet
our president should always be calling
us to be a nation that we actually all
want to be a nation that is indivisible
nation that works for liberty and
justice for all and to do that we must
all evidence patriotism which is love of
country and to love your country you've
got to love your fellow countrymen and
countrywomen and so Donald Trump stay on
Twitter but just elevate the
conversation be a uniting force not a
dividing force be an elevating force not
a degrading force
you
