this is good otama it's an egg yolk with
a little but cracked goat otama looks
like a character someone gave up on it
has limbs but no fingers or toes it has
a mouth but no teeth and yet people it
can't get enough of it you can find it
on backpacks cups airplanes credit cards
and it even has its own themed cafe but
Goethe Thomas cute looks aren't the
driving force behind us insane
popularity its main attraction is a lazy
personality Wow cool gosh yes additional
but otama comes from a Japanese company
called Sanrio you might have heard of
them they're the creators behind Hello
Kitty in 2013 Sanrio held a company-wide
competition to come up with a food based
character and once people voted gudetama
didn't end up on top good image on the
salmon fillet came in first we actually
started to release product based on the
salmon filet and its friends
gudetama the lazy I came in second but
we also release products based on
gudetama and it really really took off
the appeal of Kota Thomas melancholy
stands in contrast to the American
concept of cuteness which is pretty
straightforward
the idea of cute represents goodness and
optimism while pessimism tends to define
evil this is evident in some of Disney's
early films as you can see there's a
clear divide between good and evil
villains are usually depicted as
unappealing scary and old drapes and
shadows and dark colors they're meant to
be identified a table which means that
they can never be cute but in Japan
there's more of a gray area to this the
word kawaii is widely used to describe
the quality of being like a child which
means that you can be cute and lazy at
the same time yeah a kawaii is a
fascinating idea to make it's a very
vulnerable kind of cute it's forcing
like if they're so cute that you make
people want to take care of you
the term emerged in the 1970s and became
a big part of Japanese culture it was
shown through fashion handwrite
and even behavior and many Japanese
artists and academics believe that this
popular culture on cuteness happened for
a reason in Japan the kawaii culture is
often linked to the country's post-world
War two years a message from the
Japanese government I deem this reply a
full acceptance of the Potsdam
Declaration the idea is that because of
its trauma and defeat the country leaned
into its vulnerability and since then
the concept of kawaii has grown and even
form smaller subgroups
this is chemo kawaii which is sometimes
called fro kawaii and there is your
kawaii gyro means relaxed and calm
according to cartooning expert Iook
Akita this particular group became
popular because of the stress in modern
society she points out that in the u.s.
people are drawn to spas and meditation
for relaxation but in Japan euros common
parents brings comfort to a lot of
people you can also see a shift in
scenarios characters throughout the year
they started giving them a personality
to make them more relatable
when Hello Kitty came out in 1974 she
was more traditionally cute than
gudetama but she remained somewhat
emotionless she doesn't even have a
mouth to smile or frown with and that
makes her more of a blank canvas she can
be whatever we wanted to be but many
people feel a connection with retama
because of its gloomy personality this
approach to cuteness extends beyond
appearances is evokes a reaction these
characters can make you laugh or feel
relaxed and you can relate to them by
observing their personality so at a time
of confusion and turmoil all around the
world maybe this is just what we need an
egg yolk with a little bump that's just
on dealing with life Who I am we know
Lola equal da Camille
