you know Futura with those knife sharp
keys and wide circle OHS it cornered the
market on that retro future cool thing
Futura defined Barbara Krugers art and
helped Street where companies supreme
ripoff
I mean create a loving homage to her
work it's such a Wes Anderson cliche
that complaining that it's a cliche is a
cliche it's on wedding invitations from
those friends of yours who put Urban
Outfitters on their wedding registry but
Futura overcame a lot to get this far
like Nazis yes those Nazis
Paul Renard designed Futura and he came
to it from book design where it was key
to communicate clearly it was the 1920s
in the Bauhaus School of Design was
becoming popular think cool looking
chairs that are really uncomfortable
Renner wasn't part of that school by
like Bauhaus designers he wanted
function and beauty at the time when
people thought of German typography they
thought of fraktur style typography and
render thought it didn't work
he said fraktur was like later hosen
outdated and quaint so after a couple of
years of development future went on the
market in 1927 it was sold as the
typeface of our time this thing was
modern some early designs were even
crazier with extremely geometric figures
like this G or this a that look was in
the air with other typefaces like
Johnston and accidents grotesque but
Renner thought Futura was unique he
called it an eminently German typeface
and the type foundry Bauer sold it as
the type of the future it gained broad
international distribution showing up on
charts or being overlaid on pictures it
became a symbol of the future and for
the Nazis that was the problem
that tractor the gothic-style Rena
rejected became the Nazi look in the
1930s and the Nazis started scrubbing
out modern fonts in favor of ornate
styles at the same time Renner became an
outcast after he wrote a famous
anti-nazi essay he was arrested in
briefly in exile from Germany
sans-serif' type was cast out too but
the Nazis were inconsistent Renner
returned to Germany and Nazis
occasionally even used future look at
these pages from a Nazi design manual
aside from the fraktur and little Nazi
paper cutout dolls which were uniformed
guides there are a couple of charts in
Futura in 1941 the Nazis reverse course
out of the blue they decided their
beloved fraktur was a Jewish style so
they banned it they'd really come around
a renters idea that the German typeface
of the future had to be more readable
but by that time future was established
as an international typeface that might
be what saved it
during World War two a lot of different
modern-looking sans-serif fonts were
kicking around NASA's predecessor NACA
and the rest of the American military at
the time people chose fonts based on the
availability of physical pieces of type
Futura was around and it was clear and
modern that made it an obvious choice
for a very important job when NASA
needed a plaque for Apollo 11 they chose
one font they pulled from a typeface
that would become beloved by Stanley
Kubrick and Wes Anderson alike they used
the uniquely German design that through
a talented and idealistic creator
traveled beyond the Nazis beyond the
1940s beyond Germany and beyond this
planet to will read the plaque that's on
the planning gear of the slam here men
from the planet Earth first effort upon
America allowed 1959 dichos future there
are a lot of reasons that Futura has
that extremely modern international feel
one of those reasons though is really
German a lot of people credit Volkswagen
with bringing Futura to a new generation
and also into the mainstream
