first two 15 moves on and there is
Muhammad duck yourself when I qualified
or the Olympic team the focus was about
me being the first Muslim woman in his
job to represent Team USA at the Olympic
Games she will become the first American
athlete to compete in the Olympics
wearing a hijab the traditional covering
worn by some Muslim women you know how
important that is and what is a hijab I
wanted to challenge the narrative that
Muslim women are meek and docile and
oppressed being unapologetically Muslim
black a woman and it's like either you
like it or you don't and I don't really
care either way
I've always been super active as a kid I
played softball
I tried tennis I ran track my teammates
wore tank tops and shorts but my mom
always had to just the uniform so it
would adhere to the tenets of my faith
when I was about 12 years old my mom and
I were driving past the local high
school and we saw athletes had on long
jackets long pants they had on these
maps that's when we discovered fencing
once I found fencing it was the first
time where I look like my teammates and
I was just this really gratifying
experience for me as a young athlete I
really looked up to Serena and Venus
they never conformed to what the tennis
community wanted them to eat and through
their prowess they for society to accept
them that as they were and that was
something that I wanted for myself
within fencing
when I qualified or the Olympic team my
life immediately changed great yes
so I thought you were not her - you know
that's ads look at how many thorns do
you have fun you want one
yes yes target area is from the waist up
anywhere you see silver valid target
waist up we stop good to hear ha ha ha
when Team USA marches into the next
Olympics one of the Americans waving the
red white and blue will be a fencing
champion wearing her hijab it wasn't
until Opening Ceremonies that I was
overcome with emotions like man this is
actually happening soldier burn hold the
door no one thought we wouldn't metal we
were underdogs and onto the battle for
bronze mountain us a meeting team in
Italy is something that you can only
dream about then you created all the
stars align everything happens right
that day the American subjective the
club when it happened I'm like oh my god
like I can't believe this is happening
from the time I walked onto the podium
for the time I put the medal around my
neck literally just like complete
disbelief
it was just like fighting back to your
isn't just like very very thankful you
can't ask for a better day I'm not
Serena and Venus in the Olympic Village
I was very fangirling when I first met
them I was just like you means so much
to me and have done so much for
african-american girls and how we view
ourselves and I was just rambling just
like that and I'm sure they thought I
was crazy but I felt like I had to tell
them in that moment how much they meant
to me growing up and now I give it a ton
of and mail and even personal encounters
with parents and their kids about what
it meant for them to see a Muslim woman
who has very good jobs not just be a
member of Team USA not just medal at the
Olympics but had that ability to do so
being a source of inspiration hopefully
being a source of light for our
community is the most rewarding
experience that I've had
