an inaugural address can be a defining
moment for a president in certain lines
can become iconic ask not what your
country can do for you ask what you can
do for your country
but why do some addresses echo through
history while others don't I asked a
lady called Jane listen I'm director of
the Annenberg Public Policy Center at
the University of Pennsylvania and what
she told me is that an inaugural address
should do three things
unified the country announced guiding
principles and affirmed the limits of
power so let's take those one by one
starting with the need to unify the
country one of the more important
characteristics of an inaugural is that
it establishes that this is the
president of all the people coming after
a campaign a president's first task is
to heal a divided electorate in 1801
Jefferson welcomed his opponents when he
said every difference of opinion is not
a difference of principle we have called
by different names brethren of the same
principle we are all Republicans we are
all Federalists and in 1953 Eisenhower
echo Jefferson's plea for unity
Eisenhower's and argue explicitly
suggest that we're coming together in
this moment regardless of the kind of
partisan divisions that we've had in the
past that's actually a common theme
across the inaugurals we remember it
more when it is phrased more memorably
as it is with Jefferson Eisenhower but
you'll actually find an element of it in
virtually all of the inaugural addresses
second an inaugural Sun announced
principles that will guide the
presidency science to its rightful place
and wield technology's wonders to raise
health care quality and lower its cost
but unlike the State of the Union the
inaugural should focus on principles not
policy when you get to policy proposals
you're back in campaign mode in this
present crisis government is not the
solution to our problem government is
the problem
notice that when Reagan said government
isn't the solution government's the
problem but he was essentially doing was
articulating a principle not saying and
as a result I recommend that we do X Y &
Z the philosophy of the president is in
BA
Inaugural and if it's maintained at a
level of principle it is not highly
problematic third and inaugural affirms
the limits of power stating that no one
is above the law one concern when you
lux on present particularly among those
who didn't vote for the candidate is
that person may overreach and may misuse
the power or use the power in ways that
will hurt the people who did not vote
for the president look at the passage in
Gerald Ford's inaugural address which
was an effect as inaugural address that
begins the long national nightmare is
over our Constitution works our great
Republic is a government of laws and not
of men that is the repudiation of the
Nixon presidency Ford is affirming it
explicitly that no president is above
the law that's the speech that tells us
that in language that we should always
remember besides indicating what the
address should be about past inaugurals
suggest how a president's too livery
first they should keep it short people
who assume that you have to speak at
length in order to be eloquent are wrong
leaders message should be clear and
concise the three shortest speeches were
delivered by some of the most respected
presidents albia during subsequent
inaugurals while the three longest came
from some less well-known presidents
including William Henry Harrison who
aggravated a cold during his epic
inaugural and died the next month from
pneumonia ii put the campaign behind you
do not be ulysses s grant who whines
about having a scandal-ridden campaign i
have been the subject of abuse and
slander scarcely ever equalled in
political history which today I feel
that I can afford to disregard in view
of your verdict which I gratefully
accept as my vindication if you come out
of an inaugural address feeling as if
candidate is still there and the
president isn't we're still in campaign
mode this isn't a president speaking
it's a failed address a third caution is
to avoid making it about yourself which
a president can do by using we instead
of I when you're trying to speak to a
nation that has been divided by a
campaign the unifying rhetoric
requires that the audience hear itself
in the red
and as a result the collective rhetoric
the rhetoric of we is the characterizing
rhetoric of the best inaugural addresses
lastly and most importantly we tend to
remember inaugurals because history
vindicated the observation and the
observation was made so you might say
that the deciding factor for successful
inaugural speech is the presidency that
follows there's a reason we remember FDR
and Kennedy both were speaking at a
point of crisis and their words inspired
a future that would follow but no
president did this better than Abraham
Lincoln who on the eve of Civil War
predicted a Union victory when he said
the mystic cords of memories stretching
from every battlefield and Patriot grave
to every living heart and hearthstone
all over this broad land will yet swell
the chorus of the Union when again
touched as surely they will be by the
better angels of our nature
