I'm sorry please stop shaking your head
again remember this guy that Sean Spicer
who served as the White House press
secretary until he resigned after some
testy encounters with the press
well how about hope Hicks White House
communications director she resigned
amid rising tensions in the
administration
then there's the mooch otherwise known
as Anthony Sierra Moochie White House
communications director for only 11 days
before getting fired staff secretary Rob
Porter quit after allegations of
domestic abuse NSC staffer rich Higgins
booted Omarosa resigned to take a
different position evan is under wears
on their 4:00 in the morning who don't
monitor that if it seems like there's
been a ton of turnover at the White
House well there has been in fact
Trump's White House has seen more
turnover in its first year than the past
five administrations so is this normal
high staff turnover at the White House
isn't necessarily unusual newly
inaugurated presidents often fill some
spots in their administration with
campaign staff and later replaced them
with more seasoned picks but the sheer
number of people leaving the Trump
administration is unusual I think the
turnover is high and it's not just high
it's off the charts
that's Katherine done tempest she
researched turnover among the
president's most influential staff going
back five administration's since Reagan
those five presidents the highest
turnover during that first year was
Ronald Reagan at 17% I calculated the
same data for President Trump and his
turnover rate during that first year was
34 percent so he doubled the previous
highest rate of turnover and just for
the sake of comparison the low turnover
for a year one turnover is President
George W Bush who had a low turnover of
6% so you can see that the 34 is clearly
an outlier
so there's two potential factors
contributing to this high turnover rate
first on the campaign trail Trump
promised to drain the swamp you're right
about the swamp say it again and put a
premium on loyalty so much of his
initial staff for campaign holdovers
without government experience another
factor was Trump's rocky first year in
office warmongering against the dictator
of North Korea
Rocketman is on a suicide mission for
himself a bitter rivalry with the press
quiet quiet quiet and of course the
massive ongoing investigation into
Russian meddling in American affairs
created a well let's say hostile work
environments get that son of a bitch off
the field right now he's fired
but putting aside the question of normal
at the end of the day does any of this
matter a very senior level of person
leaves there's often a domino effect
anyway to some of his junior staffers
will leave as well because the incoming
person wants to build their own staff
then of course all these new hires need
to be trained and brought up to speed
which puts pressure on other staffers
who need to step up in order to pick up
the slack and there's aspects of the job
that can't be learned the most senior
people are leaving but they tend to have
a little bit more expertise often times
they have close relations with the
president and a good rapport with the
president and those kinds of qualities
and skills are not easily replaceable
all this results in a White House that
is increasingly isolated and unable to
pursue its goals it is true that most of
trumps departures happen early in his
first year and these staff changes can
be a way for Trump to change course in
the face of low approval ratings and a
stagnant legislative agenda but with
senior aides losing their security
clearances and rumors swirling about
even more resignations there's no
indication that the Trump administration
is stabilizing I think when you get to
this high of a level of turnover then
that raises questions as to how well his
staff can perform and how well they can
advance his agenda if the door keeps
revolving and people are
and out in and out you don't have any
institutional memory you're losing the
expertise that you had and it just makes
your job more difficult hey guys thanks
for watching this video I just wanted to
share a quick story with you while I was
making this staffers we're leaving the
White House so frequently that I had a
hard time keeping the prop and the
scripts updated which is pretty wild so
if you want to keep up to date with the
comings and goings in the White House
make sure to check out box com we'll be
tracking that there so stay tuned
