in 2002 kanye west's known at the time
mostly for his contributions to hip-hop
as a producer recorded through the wire
he wrapped it just a few weeks after his
infamous car accident while his jaw was
completely wired shut it's not crisp and
clear not many artists would record
their debut single in that condition but
Kanye did and that decision illustrates
something very very unique about his
work on us almost considers the best
ideal most greatest instrument ever to
be the human voice now a traditional
hiphop track consists of an instrumental
beat and a vocal what makes Kanye such
an innovative producer is how he's never
really limited a vocal performance to
just singing or rapping he's filled
every single nook and cranny of his
music with the human voice and it's
always pushed hip-hop forward Kanye's
debut album the college dropout was
released in 2004
it's an hour in 16 minutes 21 tracks
it's literally jam-packed with music and
one of the standout tracks on that album
is Jesus walks it won him a Grammy and
it got him a bt nomination for best
gospel artists
his use of the gospel song walk with me
by the AARC choir fills the entire song
to the brim with vocal samples they
become the bassline the percussion and
the melody and it's even layered over
more vocal samples like this military
drill sergeant in that exotic flute
sound Raymond oh God show me the way
because the devil trying to break it's
actually John Legend voice Konya layers
vocals like choirs
a lot he does it throughout late
registration on songs like hey mama's
celebration and crack music on these
tracks he's not really manipulating the
vocals at all on the final track you're
hearing a recognizable human voice
but on his next album graduation a very
sent an electronic driven record Kanye
starts doing something different so he
chose synthesizers that sound like
vocals but it's important because the
orientation the orbit here is still
around the voice you can hear that very
clearly on Goodlife featuring t-pain
especially in the first couple of
seconds and even more so on 808s and
heartbreak kanye doesn't have a great
voice even he'll admit that but he sings
in nearly every song on 808 and
sometimes he sings the entire song of
course with the help of auto-tune he
does this especially well on the opening
track say you will wear that booming 808
drum alternates in your left and right
ear while synth evils fill the space
like a choir
now seven years after he released that
track he chose to re-release it but
instead of that sent the instrumentation
he enlisted Caroline Shaw to record
acapella Shaw is the youngest person to
win a Pulitzer Prize and music and she's
known especially for how she composes
vocals West was the single producer on
all 21 tracks of the college dropout but
by 808s he's starting to curate really
top talent to help him push hip hop
forward according to pitchfork it really
marked the birth and flowering of West's
creative CEO method of an album making
now My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy is
8 songs shorter than the college dropout
but it runs nearly as long and it really
stands out because it's the first time
where Kanye turned the conventional
structure of a rap song completely on
its head a great example of this is the
song runaway at 9 minutes it's far
longer than any normal hip-hop track and
5 minutes and 45 seconds in Kanye really
pushes into new territory with a really
interesting counter melody now the first
thing you hear is that solo piano melody
introduced at the very beginning of the
song it's super super memorable
and then you hear Kanye's voice but it's
processed through a vocoder to sound
like a distorted guitar
now he could have easily disguised that
vocal completely but instead he chose to
reveal that it was his voice by
seemingly testing it out before diving
into the countermelody according to
Rolling Stone there's no way it should
work but it keeps rolling for three more
minutes without breaking a spell that
altro is longer than most rap songs if
my Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy was
Kanye's maximal is perfect album than
yeezus is bare-bones minimalism its
kanye deconstructed everything that
kanye was known for up to that point
pitched up vocals auto-tune choir
samples layered voices they're all here
but they're spliced into songs without
much decoration or orchestration for
instance take a listen to this pivot on
new slaves
or the transition from a sample to a
vocal on bound to
aha she runs and
who are these blown out layer vocals
from Justin Vernon on hold my liquor
now ultralight beam from 2016's the life
of Pablo is a culmination of everything
Kanye has produced since the college
dropout it's a gospel song like Jesus
walks but instead of sampling an
existing choir he created his own like
run away it doesn't have a traditional
structure and it's sparse and minimal
like Jesus
the choir led by gospel artist Kirk
Franklin sounds like it's recorded in a
church even though it's probably in a
pretty small studio they sound close
they sound far they sound loud they
sound quiet at 4:20 they're right in
your ear by for 25 days sound distant
but right where you expect him to rap he
doesn't he passes the mic to chance the
rapper whose voice matches the emotion
of the song so perfectly it's instantly
clear why this is my part nobody else
speak this is my part nobody else speak
this little light of mine glory be to
God yes I make sure that they go where
they can't go if they don't wanna ride
them and still give them raincoats know
what guy said when he make the first
rainbow just notice at the head of folks
play for the intro Kanye West started
his career as a producer known basically
for one thing those pitched up vocals
almost nobody would put him at the top
of the list of best rapper alive but
ever since his decision to rap with his
jaw wired shut
he's used the human voice as his weapon
to bring hip hop into a completely new
space and he's still looking for the
edge of where he can push the human
voice
