welcome to the wide world of sexism
where we judge Olympic sexist coverage
as a sport the field is really looking
strong this year let's take a look at
some of our best competitors up first
here's Adam Creek from the CBC talking
about Canadian tennis player Virginie
Bashar and he describes her as not being
a competitor because she post selfies
with tube-based she's posting pictures
of herself she's holding up the
toothpaste and she's trying out
different hairstyles and maybe she wants
something different than to be a
competitor it's definitely impressive
to claim that a female athlete who's
dedicated her entire life to her sport
may not be interested in competing but
he could have made his sexism more
explicit by I don't know the asking her
to twirl after she achieved a huge feat
like winning a match at the Australian
Open or something can you give us a
twirl and tell us about your outfit next
watch this unnamed NBC commentator
talking about the u.s. female gymnastics
team they might as well be standing in
the middle of a ball a classic sexist a
jazz combo there he's suggesting that
these teenage girls belong in malls not
destroying the competition on an
international stage while we wait for
the next competitor I would be remiss if
I didn't mention a new emerging
discipline Olympic bro appropriating a
discipline where a female athlete
success is repackage and presented as a
male one like Dan Hicks representing NBC
after Hungary's katinka hossz√∫ shattered
the world record and won the 400-meter
individual medley there's the guy
responsible for turn
katika his wife coming up next is the
Chicago Tribune who've entered in tweet
form impressive this comet makes no
mention of this female athletes name or
the sport that she plays that is a ste
humanization and here comes John Denver
Dale representing the BBC he's somewhat
of a veteran of the sport attempted a
backhanded body shame in common in 2013
but let's see if you can take a sexist
commentary to the next level this time
you're the first person ever to win to
Olympic tennis gold medals that's an
extraordinary feat isn't it no
hesitation to defend the singles title I
think be necessary no one ever for each
the y bread and mustard grandma in his
grand salami sexism time I mean that
play deserves a standing ovation asking
a man to take credit for a record that
two women have already broken
I mean male privilege upscale inferred
Elvis inches away from being correct
honey qualified with singles but I also
think the erasure of women's
accomplishments should have come in a
little sooner before the ignorance
settled in the next contestant looks
like a headline scribing Katie ledecky
setting a new world record in the
women's 800 meter freestyle becoming the
first woman to win gold in the 200 400
and 800 meter freestyle races since 1968
but this article put that second to ass
over by Michael Phelps even when women
come in first the media puts them second
and here's Mercury News they're really
the Cinderella story of Olympic sexism
this week refers to gold medal champion
Simone Manuel like Donald Trump refers
to his black supporters but I look at my
african-american over here look at him
he just wanted it more but the last
contestant is really a collaboration
between many many news organizations
having just some flawlessly demeaning
debates like whether an Olympic athlete
got breast implants or racially charged
debates about an athlete's hair an
energetic yet slightly Islamophobic
segments exotic izing hijabs
but structural sexism takes
collaboration I mean it really takes a
village a recent study that looked at
over 100
sixty million words within the domain of
sport demonstrated higher levels of
infantilizing or traditionalist language
for women in sport but then again what
do we expect when 90% of sports editors
are white and the same proportion are
male but things are changing and
newsrooms are becoming more and more
diverse which would hopefully mean that
shows like the wide world of sexism
would become completely obsolete until
then join us tomorrow night for our
special edition of is it a burka or a
bikini let's just definitely not call it
what it is which is a ha job also who
cares
you
