in 1908 Olympics founder Pierre de
Coubertin spoke the phrase that would
become the Olympic Creed the important
thing in life is not the triumphs but
the fight the essential thing is not to
have won but to have fought well this is
the fight this is race water why are
they walking like this is an Olympic
event where men and women walk 20
kilometers 12.4 miles and men go as far
as 50 kilometers 31 miles and the best
go at less than seven minutes a mile
seven minutes it's hypnotic and and very
you know with all that hip action it's
very it's very dancing they look like
they're rushing to the bathroom tell me
do we know why they walk like that Phil
we're in luck we do know why they're
walking like that people study this
there are actually dozens of papers
about race walking I talked to one
researcher who wrote his PhD thesis on
the biomechanics of the race walk he has
stays with names like kinematic
characteristics of elite men's 50
kilometer race walking this is some
serious science here okay so they
actually study why race Walker's walk
like that
yeah they don't just study it they track
this little tron-like thing that is on
the screen with the race Walker this is
an actual top race Walker who they've
studied how she walks yeah this is a top
race Walker they are tracking her every
articulation of the joint they're there
they're seeing what makes her go so fast
while walking there's a good reason why
they walk like that they're pushing
their bodies to the extreme they have to
conform to one very important number 230
point two what is 230 point two you
don't know 230 point to know what is 232
it is
the rule of racewalking what researcher
Brian Hanley explains one rule through
230 point two judges use rules to make
sure people are walking not running
there's a big difference so one part
sites that you have can't have any
visible loss of contact with the ground
so if one foot is kind of in the air
like this then another has to be on the
ground or at least to the human eye
yeah walkers can trick the judges for
about forty milliseconds so you know
when you're running there's at this
point where you have no feet on the
ground it's kind of crazy when if you
watch that it's like a slow motion of
how people run there's we're kind of
like jumping from one foot to the other
judges are looking out for this they
call it flight time and it's illegal and
judges do boot people out so it's kind
of like traveling and basketball
sometimes these guys will take an extra
step and if the ref doesn't catch it or
call it it just means they're a good
player it means they know what they're
doing you figured it out yeah it's all
about that if the judges can't see
flight time flies near the rule is that
the knee must be straightened from when
you make first contact with the ground
until the passes on to your body okay so
it looks like they almost kind of lock
their knee that's what gives it's sort
of unusual look the speed of your walk
is your stride length times your stride
frequency so you can take long steps or
fast steps ideally you're gonna do both
but grace walkers have a limited stride
length they can't jump they can't bend
their knee they can't run so they have
to figure ways to step faster they
rotate their pelvis like this so that
helps them get longer steps okay and
they also drop their hips down lower it
will keep your center of mass low so you
don't end up with a bouncing motion you
kind of end up with a smooth motion it
does look really smooth if you just look
at their upper body it's just a straight
line
there is no bouncing they walk in a very
straight line race walkers put their
feet in a straight line
good analogy it's like a type of it
helps them do the rotation of the pelvis
it makes their steps longer so basically
these walkers figured out how to fit the
rules and make walking more efficient by
more efficient ends up looking kind of
weird that was
weird to you so this is strategy the
best athletes look for an edge
bicyclists drift to reduce one
resistance
wrestlers dehydrate to lower their
weight class and race walkers they
wiggle ok I got it
I have one more question fine
ok so is this actually from the watch
yeah it actually is because it's so
cutthroat I'm exhausting plus there's
this but it's really interesting as well
because you you never know who's gonna
win because they can always get
disqualified so makes it more exciting
you can see the real human struggle and
we can learn things from this struggle
face walks are walking differently
because they've got these brooms it
forces them to walk a different way and
I can teach us more about normal people
walking we're all walking based on rules
rules are body sets the way we're built
like the bounce in this guy's step or
how this woman swings your arm like
that's the excitement of sports you're
giving people these absurd sometimes
really absurd rules these confines to
work with them and we know what the
rules are
the drama is how people deal with them
getting disqualified from an elite race
walking race would be a brutal blow so
they try to keep it fair most rules
require that three different judges each
give you a red card before you can be
disqualified from a race
