most sports in the Olympics are really
pretty easy to watch you cross the
finish line you hit a target jump the
farthest or score a point but fencing is
really different it's so incredibly fast
and precise that even after watching
several matches for the average viewer
it's hard to understand exactly how a
point was scored this is footage from
three different belts at the 2015 World
Championships now on the surface they
look pretty similar but what you're
looking at is in fact three very
different events
there's the foil a pay and the Sabre the
each have their own weapon instead of
rules and the roots can be traced back
centuries now my only cultural reference
for fencing comes from the 1998 remake
of The Parent Trap so I decided to
travel two blocks from our New York City
office to a veritable fencing oasis in
the middle of Times Square
the Manhattan fencing Center it's
produced three Olympians just this year
that's me
struggling that's my very patient coach
for the day
Brando messin sa perfect very good job
retreat retreat
parry ripples but it all happens in a
half a second II that pins pretty fast
so where did fencing come from an early
form of fencing for sport can be traced
back to ancient Egypt the fencing as we
know it today derived from the European
duel the design of swords evolved from a
defense and hunting strategy of cutting
and slashing to thrusting because it was
far more deadly and effective the foil
is the lightest of the three fencing
weapons and it appeared around 17th
century Europe as a practice weapon for
the small sword a fashionable weapon
often used in a duel to settle disputes
around this time fencing schools were
established in Italy Spain and France
elevating the practice to a form of art
and exercise oil fencing rules are the
most limiting you can only hit the torso
and back and only
the tip of the foil blade this is where
the term Touche or touch comes from in
the 19th century a sturdier weapon
called the IPE was introduced I would
say for a first-time viewer of fencing
the easier one to see it's a epee that's
because it's the slowest of the three
events due to the whole body being a
target area fencers are more hesitant to
initiate an attack exposing their whole
body to their opponent it is also the
only of the three weapons where the
right-of-way rule is not enforced
what's the right-of-way well in a
classic duel the only way to win if
you're being attacked is to parry or
deflect your opponent's weapon and then
repost or attack your opponent with the
epee simultaneous hits can occur and
both fencers will receive a point and
now the fastest event the saber saber is
the second fastest sport in the Olympic
Games after the rifle shooter that means
the blade is moving almost as fast as a
bullet instead of just thrusting the
saber fences can score on any part of
the upper body with slashes and thrusts
and because the right-of-way is in force
Sabre fencers are more incentivized to
attack first
you'll immediately recognize the
difference between an epee and a saber
belt because of the shape of the
handguard and the speed of play fencing
holds a special place in Olympic history
because it's one of only five sports to
be featured since the first modern games
in 1896 it was a hugely popular sport in
until the thirties fencing boughs like
boxing will take place in theaters this
of course is where the salute comes from
in the mid 20th century electricity
replaced red chalk to make judging
easier in between the 1900s in the early
2000s many fencing maneuvers further
distance the sport from its dueling
roots
nothing did that more than the flick
people were used to be able to flick
their blades on the back of their
opponents but then they changed the
timings of the machines and then
wouldn't work anymore because the flick
was so quick it's less likely to
register as a hit
despite that
still attempt this maneuver today the
International Fencing Federation and the
IOC have done a lot to try and draw
Outsiders to the sport at London 2012
the lighting systems alone look like a
techno dance floor and the masks closely
resembled Daft Punk headgear but the
essence of the sport a fight between two
people remains if you can just train
your eye to watch split second bouts
it's really pretty exhilarating to watch
duels were formally banned by the 1920s
across the entire world but in 1967 two
French politicians gaston de faire and
rene Riviere decided to call a duel over
a dispute they had they used the FA and
the duel took place on a private estate
and the FA that they're using actually
still has a pointed edge it was a
Dueling sword
Rene suffered two wounds he lost and of
course because of that clearly the first
blood drawn rule was still in use
