today's republican party opposes big
government it's culturally conservative
its demographic support is strongest
among white voters and it usually
dominates elections in the south the
party's 2016 presidential nominee has
been heavily criticized for inciting
racial tensions but things weren't
always this way
over the past 160 years or so the party
has undergone a remarkable
transformation from the party of Abraham
Lincoln to the party of Donald Trump to
understand how the GOP got this way if
you have to go back to when it first
came into existence
in 1854 just seven years before the
Civil War there are two parties at this
point the Whigs and the Democrats
America is quickly expanding westward
and there's an intense debate over
whether or not new states should permit
slavery the Democratic Party with strong
support in the south has become
increasingly pro-slavery but the Whigs
are divided on the issue their northern
supporters are really afraid that the
growing number of slave states would
have too much political influence which
they feared could really hurt free white
workers economically so in 1854 the
country is debating whether or not the
territories of Kansas and Nebraska
should allow slavery the Whigs can't
agree and the party ends up collapsing
the former Whigs in the north form a new
party that will fight against letting
slavery expand any further they call it
the Republican Party
by 1860 the Republican Party has become
increasingly powerful in the north
enough so that a little-known Republican
named Abraham Lincoln wins the
presidency
even though Lincoln promises he won't
interfere with slavery in states that
already have it he and his party are
still too anti-slavery for the south to
tolerate so 11 southern states secede
from the union forming the Confederate
States of America the northern states
decide to fight to keep the Union
together and the Civil War ensues
the result is a northern victory and the
abolition of slavery nationwide after
the war Republicans begin fighting to
ensure that recently freed slaves in the
south have their rights a year after
Lincoln's assassination the party passes
the Civil Rights Act of 1866 they fight
to make sure that black men have the
same right to vote with new laws and
constitutional amendments but something
that happened during the Civil War that
began changing the young Republican
Party government spending during the war
made many northern businessmen really
rich gradually these wealthy financiers
and industrialists start taking more and
more of a leadership role in the
Republican Party they want to hold on to
power and they don't think that fighting
for black rights in a mostly white
country is the best way to do that
meanwhile the south is resisting these
new racial reforms often violently and
most white Republican voters and leaders
now feel that they've done enough for
black citizens in the south and it's
time to emphasize other issues so in
1870 the party basically gives up on
reforming the south deciding instead to
leave it to its own devices the region
becomes politically dominated by white
Democrats fast forward to the new
century by the 1920s the Republican
Party has become essentially the party
of big business this works out quite
well for them as the economy is booming
but not so well when the economy crashes
in 1929 and the Great Depression begins
Franklin D Roosevelt and other Democrats
are swept into power and begin
dramatically expanding the size and role
of the federal government in
attempt to fight the depression and
better provide for Americans Republicans
oppose this rapid expansion to finding
themselves as opposition to big
government an identity that the party
still holds today going into the 50s and
60s race and the South returned to the
forefront of national politics with the
civil rights movement attempting to end
segregation and ensure blacks truly have
the right to vote the civil rights
debate isn't a purely partisan issue
it's more of a regional issue with
northerners from both parties supporting
it and southerners from both parties
opposing it then in 1964 its Democratic
President Lyndon Johnson who signs the
Civil Rights Act into law in its
Republican presidential nominee Barry
Goldwater who opposes it arguing that it
expands government power too much a
massive switch up takes place black
voters some of whom had already been
shifting from the Republican Party
convert almost entirely to their new
advocates the Democrats the white voters
in the south who had been staunch
Democrats start to really resent the big
government interference here and in
other matters like abortion rights in
school prayer over the next three
decades whites in the South switched to
the GOP which makes the south an
overwhelmingly Republican region by the
1980's the party begins to resemble the
GOP we are familiar with today
Republicans elect Ronald Reagan who
promises to fight for business interests
lower taxes and traditional family
values as the 21st century begins
America is going through a major
demographic shift in the form of
Hispanic immigration both legal and
illegal Democrats and business elites
tend to support reforming immigration
laws so that the over 10 million
unauthorized immigrants in the US would
get legal status on the Republican side
tough on immigration policies and
rhetoric became popular but this ends up
costing the Republicans when in 2012
Mitt Romney loses his bid for the
presidency he gets blown out among
Hispanic voters exit polls showed that
71% of them voted for Barack Obama so
the Republican Party starts to look more
like a party for white voters in an
increasingly non-white country given
these demographic trends Republican
leaders worried that if they keep losing
Hispanic voters by that much to lose
their chances of ever winning the
presidency so in 2013 some key
Republicans in the Senate including the
rising star Marco Rubio collaborate with
Democrats on an immigration reform bill
that would give unauthorized immigrants
a path to legal status but there's a
huge backlash from the Republican
Party's predominantly white base which
views the bill as amnesty for immigrants
who broke the rules
this exacerbates the GOP voters mistrust
in their own party leaders a mistrust
that has already been growing for some
time and that makes the political
landscape of 2015 fertile ground for a
figure like Donald Trump an outsider
businessman who wants to build a wall on
the border of Mexico Trump isn't a
traditional conservative but he appealed
to the resentment and the mistrust of
party leaders that Republican primary
voters had as well as the strong
opposition to growing immigration trends
and even though he was loathed by party
leaders he won enough support in the
primaries to become the GOP nominee for
president so now the Republican Party is
once again at a major crossroads as it
tries to meet the political challenges
of the 21st century it's up to
Republican voters and leaders to decide
just what they want their party to be
