if you go into a grocery store and you
buy pretty much anything a bottle of
water a bag of chips that thing will
have a nutritional label on if you go
buy beer or wine or liquor it usually
doesn't that's crazy the reason why is
kind of complicated so it all dates back
to 1935
shortly after prohibition was repealed
Congress formed a new agency that would
regulate alcoholic beverages booze got
its own agency
it wasn't regulated by the Food and Drug
Administration which Metsa in 1990 when
the FDA told food companies they needed
to start labeling all of their packaged
foods that rule didn't apply to alcohol
in the year since there's been a weird
hodgepodge of complicated rules put into
place for nutrition tax on alcohol super
weird
for example most beers are made out of
something called malted barley but if
you're an alcohol company and you happen
to make a beer that doesn't have lots of
barley in it sorry you need to put a
label on that same goes if you're a
winemaker and say you have a particular
vintage that happens to contain less
than 7% alcohol by volume sorry
put a label on that one too but for most
of the alcohol that we drink labels are
optional so they can list calorie counts
if they want and if they do they also
have to list carbs protein and fat but
they can also just leave all that out
which means that those of us who are
super conscious of ingredients or trying
to count calories are pretty much out of
luck consumer groups have tried six
different times to get the regulations
changed to get labels put on alcoholic
beverages and they've even gotten close
a few times but the beverage industry as
you might've guessed has some powerful
lobbyists a few different industry
groups said that if they were required
to put nutrition facts on alcohol it
would mislead consumers into thinking
that alcohol was nutritious wine
producers also said it would be way too
hard to test every single vintage for
things like calorie content or grams of
sugar especially when these things vary
so much from
a year in the end the consumer groups
lost their fight basically regulators
just sided with manufacturers and made
labels optional the fact that alcoholic
beverages don't have nutrition labels on
them this has consequences for people's
health when people don't have
information about how many calories
they're consuming or how much sugar
they're not as good at making smart
decisions about how much to drink it's
certainly not a guarantee that people
would drink more responsibly if they
knew this information but putting it on
the label definitely can't hurt just
from a consumer standpoint it seems like
our right to know that if we know it for
bottled water if we know for our
packaged chips it's really desire that
we're not allowed to do it for beer
