the world war ii memorial in DC is
imposing and serious and it should be
but it would be a mistake to forget the
joke that helped keep gi's going it was
amazingly similar to a modern meme and
his name was Kilroy soldiers scrawled
this face and Kilroy Was here all around
the world the joke was that Kilroy
peeking out had been everywhere before
the gi's got there he greeted them in
Okinawa and Casablanca and in Sicily he
cheered them to Berlin everywhere
soldiers went seen unfamiliar landmarks
and reading signs and languages they
couldn't speak they'd graffitied the
same picture and signed the same name on
every available surface he was a joke
but he was also kind of assurance a hero
who'd been there before and still made
it out ok we don't really know where
Kilroy came from the pictures showed up
around the world in England he was mr.
Chad where he complained about skimpy
rations at some point that guy was
mashed up with the phrase Kilroy Was
Here
who was killed Roy the legends at a
shipyard inspector named James J Kilroy
wrote Kilroy Was here on all of his
inspected work soldiers saw it and then
turned it into a joke that showed up on
bomber wings and became latrine
literature James Kiehl won a contest for
being the real Kilroy white Kilroy was
bigger than him there were rumors Stalin
was spooked by killer graffiti at
Potsdam and after the war he popped up
in movies whiskey ads and really weird
novelty songs today Kilroy faded from
bathroom walls but if you go to the
World War Two memorial past a fountain
you can't make wishes in near an area
that's closed for construction and
compute through a fence and see that
even in this place Kilroy got here
before you
