we make a lot of charts at marks table
and of course charts of vaccines and
pretty much every time we run a chart
with a y-axis that starts anywhere other
than zero no someone winds up emailing
to complete you see there's a really
famous book on how to lie with
statistics and it contains a discussion
of how you can create a misleading chart
by messing with the y-axis and it's
definitely true you can do this here's a
chart from Fox News for example it's a
total disaster but the y-axis dogmatists
take it way too far
the big problem with the people who lie
with statistics is that they're lying to
you it's true that misleading charts are
one way to lie but the English language
is also a tool that can be used for
lying and that doesn't mean we should
never speak English sometimes you need
to fiddle with the y-axis to tell a
story properly so for example right now
the share of American adults who have a
job has fallen to a generation long love
this is a really big deal but if you
chart this data with the y-axis at zero
you can't see the change at all
narrowing the range to dramatize what
we're talking about isn't lying with
statistics
it's emphasizing what's relevant the way
Edward Tufte puts it is you need to use
a baseline that shows the data not the
zero point and after all zero is just a
number like any other sometimes to make
sense of the data you need to be able to
show numbers that go below zero halting
at zero in those cases doesn't make any
sense but extending every chart way
below zero will be crazy too
and of course we're zero even is depends
on the unit's you're using if you do a
chart of a person's temperature in
Fahrenheit you're likely to miss the
fever if you've zoomed all the way out
to zero if you redo it as a Celsius
chart it's not quite as bad but if you
switch to Kelvin and extend everything
to absolute zero then it charts become
useless when people are really lying
with charts the main thing they're
normally doing wrong is leaving up the
context not leaving out the zero go back
to that foxnews turn
you never know from this chart that the
top marginal rate was 39.6% back in the
clinton
raishin or than the Reagan
administration it was 50% or the fact
when Eisenhower was president was the 91
versa
the missing zero was really the last of
n charts problems what they left out was
the entire history of taxes in the
United States
so just remember y-axis don't lie to
people people
