recent history has brought incredible
progress for the LGBTQ community in the
form of this map total victory for the
advocates of same-sex marriage the
lesser-known is this map over here where
things get tricky so does becoming a
business owner mean you have to check
your convictions at the door right now
the state of Michigan does not include
sexual orientation and gender identity
in its law miss really nervous I
actually have something important to
document the fact is in most states it's
still currently legal to fire LGBTQ
people kicked them out of a store or
business that serves the public or you
can evict them from housing because of
their sexual orientation or gender
identity the eyes are 49 the noes are 50
the bill was not agreed to
often it's as subtle as a boss picking
another job application or a landlord
denying rent without explanation these
are the rights protected by the Civil
Rights Act of 1964 my fellow Americans
those who founded our country knew that
freedom would be secured only if each
generation thought to renew and enlarge
its mean following the passage of the
Civil Rights Act federal and state laws
prohibited this type of discrimination
on the basis of race color religion sex
and national origin this is called
enumeration if you list the
characteristics that are most often the
subject of discrimination it removes any
doubt that these people are protected
since these early days I have seen and I
have experienced many other types of
discrimination and all of them were
rooted in the fear of people
that were different than majority but
sexual orientation and gender identity
are not enumerated in most states and a
report by the Human Rights Campaign
found that lawmakers in 29 states have
actually proposed bills that would
actively discriminate against LGBTQ
people we have what's called a patchwork
of civil rights protections on this
issue in this country Sam Brownback the
governor of Kansas went so far as to
write an executive order to reverse a
measure that barred employment
discrimination against LGBTQ people on
top of all of this there's systemic
discrimination across many schools
throughout the country Ellen DeGeneres
has been speaking out voicing her
outrage about the cruelty that spiraled
out of control our schools and beyond
today's October 20th 2013
hopefully today it will be a big day of
my life in a positive way the space in
red here have no promo homo laws that
forbid teachers in public schools from
even mentioning homosexuality at all if
you are reading this it means that I
have committed suicide those words
written on a Warren County teenagers
Tumblr page and now sparking an outcry
from the LGBT community tonight
that's where coming out videos on
youtube like Drew's and Adams are so
helpful so I have something serious I
wanted to talk to you about yeah I like
guys I have to tell you that I'm gay
okay always have been always will be
and you know how like I drew that in
seventh grade and how its upgrade I
wanted to kill myself it's been
something that I've not liked for a
while especially when people call me
a lot there are too many kids out there
suffering from bullying rejection or
simply being mistreated because of who
they are and there's proof that
enumeration works Glisson an
organization that advocates for LGBTQ
students so students who go to schools
with enumerated LGBTQ policies
experience significantly lower severity
z' of bullying federal investigators are
looking into accusations that
Minnesota's largest school district
discriminates against gays to
following seven student suicides in
fewer than two years these are laws that
save lives 2012 was the first year in US
history where more people supported
same-sex marriage than people who didn't
I know I'm kind of destroying every hope
injury me over half me no no no 2015
will be remembered for marriage equality
public figures have been more open
discussing their own sexuality and
popular TV shows have begun to
incorporate more LGBTQ characters in the
stories they tell but if you look at
these two maps side-by-side it's clear
that the LGBTQ civil rights battles are
far from over
