over the past three weeks an
anti-abortion group has been releasing a
series of sting videos on Planned
Parenthood an undercover video alleges
that the organization sells body parts
from abortions Planned Parenthood is
under attack by a group called the
Center for medical progress a pro-life
group they pretended to be a company
that procures fetal tissue from abortion
clinics and gets it to researchers
they're essentially using little cameras
presumably pinned to their shirt and
they argue in the videos that Planned
Parenthood is profiting off of the sale
of fetal tissue I would say it's
probably anywhere depending on EMS and
if Planned Parenthood we're making
profits that would be illegal it is
illegal under federal law to make money
off of any sort of body parts fetal or
otherwise however those regulations do
make space for people who provide tissue
and organs to be compensated for
whatever work has to happen to preserve
those organs and I should mention these
are pretty heavily edited if you watch
the full unedited videos you do see
Planned Parenthood officials repeatedly
saying you know we're not going to make
profit this is to cover our costs our
goal
patience the answer without impacting
our bottom line if the messaging is
should not be seen as some new revenue
stream that is not there is a
congressional investigation of the issue
happening but at this point they don't
seem to prove that Planned Parenthood
makes profit plan paired it stands
behind our work to help women and
Families donate tissue for medical
research when they wish to they do show
some things that are uncomfortable for
even people who support abortion right
they do show the actual fetal body parts
and I think it was surprising to see
that sometimes Planned Parenthood is
willing to slightly alter the abortion
procedure to make sure that tissue comes
out more intact so it's able to be used
and researched you maintain a number of
dialogues the person is actually doing
the messages they understand what they
had
I think that raises some ethical issues
about you know is this a good practice
for women are their patients okay with
the procedure being changed in the
service of procuring better tissue now
many people feel this is Nazi stuff this
is this is what they did in the Third
Reich there's been a very swift
political reaction to these videos the
Senate will vote on defunding Planned
Parenthood before we go home in August
about 40% of Planned Parenthood's money
comes from the government from both
state and federal public funding and
most of it's moving through Medicaid
which is the health insurance program
that covers low-income Americans Planned
Parenthood is not allowed to use
government funds for abortions what they
mostly use it for are other reproductive
health services they offer things like
cancer screenings and contraceptives and
other sort of STD screenings when they
talk about cutting off your funding
let's be clear they're talking about
telling many of those women you're on
your own the defunding effort is pretty
much dead on arrival
President Obama is said he's not going
to defund Planned Parenthood but if you
were to see an administration let's say
after the Obama administration that did
want to defund a Planned Parenthood
it would probably make it very difficult
for the clinics operate
