baseball players aren't used to watching
clocks but that changes this season
major-league ballparks have installed
timers for the commercial breaks between
innings they require players to resume
the game as soon as those clocks hit
zero it's one of the small steps the
league is taking to speed up the pace to
play after average game times hit a
record high in 2014 three hours and
eight minutes it would be one thing if
those three our games were action-packed
but actually both hits and runs per game
are down in recent years so what's going
on
it's like watching Lord of the Rings
like 160 times in six months or
something every night you've got
Lawrence of Arabia this is grant
he watches baseball sometimes about 200
baseball games a year he says there's no
one thing slowing down the pace of play
but part of it is that some of the
players are just kind of dawdling the
time between pitches has gone up last
season pitchers took an average of 23
seconds between pitches there's actually
a rule on the books that the pitcher has
to throw the ball within 12 seconds if
the bases are unoccupied but it hasn't
been enforced just limiting pitchers to
20 seconds would cut around 15 minutes
of game time the offseason league
started testing a pitch clock last year
20 seconds without a pitch and the
umpire calls an automatic ball that's
something that may be coming to the
majors next if they already have the
clocks in place or between innings I
don't think they're going to be too
delicate with the idea of a pitch clock
it's not just pitchers that set the pace
though batters have their own bad habits
this year they can be fined $500 if they
don't keep one foot in the batter's box
between pitches but there's a pretty
long list of exceptions still some
players are not happy about this I call
that both batters are already at a
disadvantage in this era of hard
throwing pitchers and stricter drug
testing it can be a strategic move to be
able to slow things down when you force
a hitter to do that 70% you are out
because you don't have no time to think
but baseball purists say if you go back
and watch classic games before velcro
gloves before players came on the field
with a soundtrack there was a lot less
fiddling going on at the plate some
other factors are a bit harder to tackle
there's been a shift in how teams deploy
their pitchers and it has to do with
something called a loonie a lefty one
out guy
it's a pitcher brought in just to face a
left-handed batter and it's one of the
ways that the bullpen has become more
specialized which means more pitchers
are playing in each game than before
you've got the loogie maybe to loogies
seventh-inning guy Ethan a guy maybe a
couple of eighth-inning guys then
more relief pitchers mean more game
delays and more commercial breaks
but it's working for the teams so this
trend is probably here to stay the new
instant replay process may have also
helped slow down the games last year in
theory reviewing costs should eliminate
arguments on the field but it ended up
that managers were stalling while their
bench coach tried to decide whether to
use the challenge new rules this year
should keep the managers in the dugout
during challenges the league hopes that
by cutting out some of this dead time in
the game they'll make baseball more
palatable for young people whose
attention spans can't survive the 23
seconds between pitches baseball knows
and it has the oldest demographic of the
four major North American sports and
it's not particularly close here's a
thing football games are actually longer
than baseball games with more dead time
and more commercials and the kids love
football but it doesn't hurt to try and
there's one way that baseball could
become more relevant rather than less
in this era of constant digital noise I
think baseball can survive as something
of an oasis around that where people
come and say we need at least one
leisurely sport that we can go to and
just relax and if we miss it in and you
know we're not gonna feel bad we're
gonna go with the park incidence on the
whole expressed purpose of the leisurely
game with punctuated verse and
excitement
