what you're looking at is the world's
rarest cat this is a leopard subspecies
that lives in eastern Russia and a 2007
study counted only about 30 individuals
and total the footage comes to us from a
camera trap which is a camera that's
triggered by heat and motion in which
can be left in the wilderness for weeks
at a time using thousands of photos from
cameras like these scientists recently
found that the Amur leopards have
actually doubled in number in less than
a decade camera traps are especially
useful for monitoring rare and elusive
animals whose habitat is difficult to
survey such as the snow leopard which
lives at an altitude of 10,000 feet in
the mountains of Central Asia or the
rare Andean Mountain Cat which lives at
an even higher elevation in the Andes in
South America the endangered Bay cat had
never been filmed before 2009 that's
when a camera trap caught this short
clip scientists know next to nothing
about the biology of this animal which
lives only on the island of Borneo in
Southeast Asia and in 2011 a camera trap
captured the first known video footage
of the African golden cat this is the
species that few researchers have ever
seen in person and then earlier this
year a camera trap caught this
incredible clip of a golden cat in
action the idea of photographing animals
remotely has been around for a while the
first camera traps used tripwire and
loud powder flash guns which must have
terrified the animals but the images
were captivating when National
Geographic published these images in
1906 they were the first wildlife photos
ever to appear in the magazine but it
just wasn't practical for widespread use
until the technology caught up it was
actually demand from hunters that really
spurred the commercial market and with
the switch from film to digital the
number of scientific studies using
camera traps has increased year after
year most camera traps today have what's
called a passive infrared sensor which
detects sudden changes in temperature
when an animal walks into the frame for
nighttime they're equipped with either a
regular flash or
for red flash which provides less
clarity but it won't startle the animals
camera traps really showed their
scientific value starting in the 1990s
when scientist studying Bengal tigers in
India began combining camera trap images
with statistical software and this let
them produce measurements of things like
tiger abundance and tiger density which
are necessary for any conservation plan
tigers and many other cat species
essentially where their finger prints on
their side of their bodies with these
unique markings so if you want to
estimate the total population in the
area you set cameras out and get a
sample of cats that you can identify and
then you do it again and the number of
cats photograph twice gives you enough
information to approximate what the
total population is this is an
adaptation of an older method that
involved actually capturing and tagging
animals but instead of tagging them you
just photograph them the method used in
a recent study of Saharan cheetahs in
Algeria which found that this critically
endangered subspecies is living at
extremely low densities the camera traps
also have some law-enforcement
applications conservation groups are
starting to use them to catch poachers
and they can send the images instantly
over cellphone networks right now about
80% of wild cat species are believed to
be declining and several are critically
endangered like the tiger just a century
ago there were a hundred thousand Tigers
in the world and now there are around
3,200 the population of Sumatran tigers
in Indonesia is down to 450 and this
video from a camera trap in what was
supposed to be a protected area shows
part of the reason why
you
