how we got into a point where we can
have high corporate profits and
businesses can be doing so well but the
workers don't necessarily share in that
prosperity well this has been at least a
three decade long trend now there are a
whole bunch of reasons for that some of
it has to do with technology and entire
sectors being eliminated travel agents
bank tellers a lot of middle management
a lot of it has to do with globalization
and the rest of the world is catching up
post-world War two we had just some
enormous structural advantages because
our competitors had been devastated by
war and we had also made investments
that put us ahead of the curve whether
in education or infrastructure those
advantages went away at the same time as
workers increasingly had less leverage
because of changes in labor laws he
combined all that stuff and it's put
workers in a tougher position so some
people who just control enormous amounts
of wealth we don't resent their success
on the other end just as a practical
matter now you're going to have problems
making sure that we're investing enough
and the common good to be able to move
move forward does this put us in a place
long-term where redistribution becomes
in a sense of positive good in and of
itself but yeah that's that's always
been the case I don't think that's
entirely new I mean the fact of the
matter is is that relative to our
post-war history taxes now are not
particularly high or particularly
progressive compared to what they were
say in the late 50s or the 60s there's
always been this notion that for a
country to thrive there are some things
as Lincoln said that we do better
together than we can do for ourselves
whether that's building roads or setting
up effective power grids or making sure
that we've got high quality public
education and the teachers pay are paid
enough the market will not cover those
things and we've got to do them together
basic research falls in that category so
that's always been true I think that
part of what's changed is that a lot of
that burden for making sure that
the pie was broadly shared took place
before government even got involved if
you have stronger unions then you had
higher wages if you added a corporate
culture that felt a sense of place and
commitment so that the CEO they felt a
real affinity for the community to
reinvest in that community and to be
seen as a good corporate citizen today
what you have is quarterly earning
reports you have compensation levels for
CEOs that are tied directly to those
quarterly earnings you've got
international capital that is demanding
short-term profits and so what happens
is that a lot of the distributional
questions that used to be handled in the
marketplace through these wages or
healthcare or defined benefit pension
plans those things all are eliminated
and the average employee the average
worker doesn't feel any benefit
