when I was reporting on education in
Washington DC back in 2009 I went to an
event or Arne Duncan President Obama's
Secretary of Education was speaking and
he said the following a great teacher is
a miracle worker a great teacher can
walk on water
and that was just staggering to me the
idea that to be a great teacher you have
to be like Jesus Christ or you have to
essentially be better than human that's
not realistic Wendy Kopp the founder of
Teach for America
she wrote that a great teacher can trump
poverty the best research done by three
economists Raj Chetty
Jonah rokoff and John Friedman found
that teachers are responsible for
approximately seven percent of the
current achievement gap so that is seven
percent of the current gap between how
poor children perform and how
middle-class kids perform is due to
differences in teacher quality the rest
of the achievement gap is driven by
socioeconomic factors in the family and
in the neighborhood
the magical thinking has really been a
part of American history and our
education history from the beginning if
you looked at Katherine Beecher and
Horace Mann the founders of the common
schools movement back in the 1830s they
were very alarmed about inequality
between Protestants and Catholics and
they really were like Oh teachers
teachers are going to solve this problem
and then if you go to the Progressive
Era when there was really horrible
conditions in the streets of New York
and Chicago tuberculosis coming out of
water hydrants tenements Jacob Riis the
famous muckraker he wrote that the
teacher was the most important influence
on this entire social scene this is a
time when there was you know very few
labor rights children were working in
factories it wasn't even compulsory to
go to school past age 12 and again he
was putting all this hope in the teacher
we see the same thing during the silver
Serah the hope that brown v board and
the integration of schools was going to
lead to closing achievement gaps it
helped it didn't get us all the way
there and we see it today with the
standards and accountability movement
the idea now that socio-economic and
equality and differences between the
classes can be closed by teachers we
need to address making the job an
attractive job more than we need to
focus on things like telling teachers
that they can trump poverty it might be
inspiring at first but even the great
work you can do with an individual child
to open up opportunities for them which
can change their individual life there's
a big gap between that and
systematically on a national scale using
teachers as the means to address our
inequality crisis and if they're going
to help get us there is the way that
we're doing it now the best way
