President Trump is trying to make
Spygate
a thing but a lot of bad things have
happened we now call it spy gate they
had spies in my campaign during my
campaign for political purposes that
would be unprecedented in the history of
our country it would be unprecedented if
it were true the FBI and Special Counsel
Robert Muller are currently
investigating Trump's campaign ties with
Russia Trump created the spy gate
scandal to discredit them in the public
eye he's used this tactic before and it
works
Trump charges that an FBI representative
was implanted into his campaign early on
for political purposes by Democrats
here's what actually happened the FBI
began their investigation into Russian
interference in the election in July of
they asked Stefan Halper a Cambridge
University professor and longtime
Republican insider with ties to the
intelligence community to speak with two
of trumps campaign foreign policy
advisers Carter Page and George
papadopolis the FBI opened their
investigation after Papadopoulos
drunkenly bragged about Russia offering
him dirt on Clinton Paige was also on
the FBI's radar because they knew he had
taken a trip to Moscow earlier in July
Papadopoulos you'll remember has already
pled guilty to lying to federal agents
in molars probe the FBI was
investigating Russia's efforts to
infiltrate the Trump campaign not doing
any work on behalf of the Democratic
Party or President Obama there's no
evidence it was for political purposes
Spygate as Trump coined it is a complete
fabrication a conspiracy theory halper
was not implanted into the Trump
campaign he didn't start working with
the FBI very early on or long before
Russian interference stories this
started in July after Trump was already
the Republican nominee and Russia was
already in the news the investigation
actually started after this Russia if
you're listening I hope you're able to
find the thirty thousand emails that are
missing so if true it's a big political
scandal but it's not even top
Republicans dispute the president's
version of events the FBI did exactly
what my fellow citizens would want them
to do when they got the information they
got and that it has nothing to do with
Donald Trump I have seen no evidence to
the contrary of the initial assessment
that chairman Gowdy has made Trump's
Twitter obsession with Spygate has gone
from demanding the Department of Justice
investigate Obama to claiming the FBI
paid helper a lot of money to spy
there's zero evidence of that Trump also
completely misquoted the former Director
of National Intelligence
clapper actually said the opposite was
the FBI spying on Trump's campaign I
know what he they were not they were
spying on a term I don't particularly
like but on what the Russians were doing
Trump coincidentally does like the term
spy The Associated Press reported that
he told an ally that branding halper as
such would stick true or not Trump's
accusations might be believed by his
base we know this because he's done this
before
like when he tweeted that Obama wire
tapped his phones at Trump Tower he even
had the White House officially back him
up we talked about wiretapping he meant
surveillance despite it not being true
but a majority of Republicans still
believe it or when Trump tweeted that he
won the popular vote quote if you deduct
the millions of people who voted
illegally again the White House backed
him up 14% of of people who have voted
were non-citizens pew did no such study
because the claim isn't true but again
most Republicans still believe millions
of illegal immigrants voted almost half
think he won the popular vote so even
though spikey isn't true it doesn't
matter the thinking goes if Trump can D
legitimize the FBI then he might be able
to survive whatever molars investigation
finds and the American people's trust of
the FBI has already been eroded by
Trump's previous attacks FBI has been in
turmoil you know that I know that
everybody knows that this chart shows
exactly how much that trust has eroded
it's not insignificant and these attacks
resonate with Trump's base the vast
majority of Trump voters believe the FBI
is biased against him only 32% of all
Americans believe that which brings us
back to Spygate if history is any
evidence Trump's base is likely to side
with him again on this fabrication they
had people infiltrating our campaign
can you imagine can you imagine
whatever molars team finds at the end of
their investigation Trump may have
already won the public opinion it is for
public opinion because eventually the
decision here is going to be impeached
not impeach so our jury is the Amaze it
should be is the American people
