this is just some of the noise that I'm
exposed to and that doesn't even include
the progressive rock that my neighbors
listen to every single morning all this
noise is really annoying but it's also
killing my ears hearing loss is the
fourth highest cause of disability
across the world and it's expected to
get much worse in the US alone one in
four adults show signs of noise-induced
hearing loss one of the main reasons
behind that is all the noise that
surround us every single day according
to the Environmental Protection Agency
the best way to protect your hearing is
to limit noise levels to 70 decibels and
experts agree that continued exposure to
noise above 85 decibels will eventually
harm your hearing if you're curious
about the noise levels around you
decibel readers like this one tell you
exactly how much noise you're being
exposed to
this one's actually fine
I read the subway four hours every day
and it's really really loud but putting
in my headphones doesn't really help
smart phones cranked all the way up are
about a hundred decibels according to
the World Health Organization that could
damage your hearing in less than an hour
this chart shows that the louder the
noise the less exposure it takes to
potentially damage your hearing for
example a boiler room is about 95
decibels so if you hung out in one for
four hours you would not only be a
psycho but you would expose yourself to
hearing damage as well one of the worst
things about hearing loss is that ear
damage is irreversible most of us are
born with something like 16 thousand
little hair cells in our ears and these
hair cells act as sound detectors so
when sound waves pass into our ears they
send a signal up to our brain and then
our brain decodes that sound but the
brains interpretation is only as good as
the signal it receives from the year and
when the hair cells in the year have
been damaged the brain can't detect the
sound or the sound is distorted you can
think about the hair cells like grass
and when you're walking through a field
and you walk over blades of grass they
bounce back after a few minutes but when
you walk through that field enough times
you eventually create a path and the
same thing happens with the hair cells
in your ears when loud sounds pass into
the years that and at high enough
intensity they bend those hair cells and
they can bounce back during a recovery
period but with enough noise over enough
time those hair cells get permanently
damaged or destroyed when it comes to
help from the government I've got some
good news and some bad news the good
news is that in the early 1970s
President Richard Nixon past the noise
Control Act which recognized Americans
right to a quiet environment the bad
news is that in 1981 President Ronald
Reagan came along and essentially shut
down the effort and left local
governments to fend for themselves the
problem with that is local governments
relied on federal funds
to tackle noise problems so yeah you
might be on your own on this one but
there are ways you can prevent
noise-induced hearing loss you can wear
noise-cancelling headphones or foam
earplugs and loud environments like the
subway or on airplanes you can limit the
amount of time you're exposed to loud
sounds and move further away from the
source of the noise you can go into the
settings and set a maximum volume on
your phone to prevent playing your music
too loud so yeah the problem is bad but
you don't have to take it lying down one
of my favorite discoveries has been this
app called sound print which allows
users to submit their decibel readings
in bars restaurants and cafes and I've
been using it to avoid really loud
places
