there's a new highway in Pakistan and a
new rail terminal in Kazakhstan a
seaport in Sri Lanka recently opened as
well as this bridge in rural Laos what's
interesting is that they're all part of
one country's project that spans three
continents and touches over sixty
percent of the world's population if you
connect the dots it's not hard to see
which country that is this is China's
belton Road initiative the most
ambitious infrastructure project in
modern history that's designed to
reroute global trade and it's how China
plans to become the world's next
superpower
it's 2013 and Chinese President Xi
Jinping is giving a speech in Kazakhstan
where he mentions the ancient Silk Road
a network of trade routes that spread
goods ideas and culture across Europe
the Middle East in China as far back as
200 BC he then says we should take an
economic belt along the Silk Road she's
young a month later she is in Indonesia
then two sides should work together to
build up a new maritime Sproat in the
21st century these two phrases were the
first mentions of geez Legacy Project
the multitrillion-dollar belton Road
initiative or Bri they're also the two
components of the plan there's an
Overland economic belt of six corridors
that serve as new route state goods in
and out of China like this railroad
connecting China to London and these gas
pipelines from the Caspian Sea to China
and a high-speed train network in
Southeast Asia
then there's the maritime Silk Road a
chain of seaports stretching from the
South China Sea to Africa that also
directs trade to and from China the Bri
also includes oil refineries industrial
parks power plants mines and fiber optic
networks all designed to make it easier
for the world to trade with China so far
over 60 countries have reportedly signed
agreements for these projects and the
list is growing because China promotes
it as a win-win for everyone take for
example the BR I's flagship project
Pakistan like many countries in Central
and South Asia Pakistan has a stagnant
economy and a corruption problem it
wasn't a popular place for foreign
investment that is until China came
along in 2001 China offered to build a
brand new port in the small fishing town
of Gwadar by 2018 the port as well as a
highway and railway networks became a
sixty-two billion dollar corridor within
the Bri it's where the economic belt
meets the maritime Silk Road and it
seemed to benefit both countries
Pakistan saw its highest GDP growth in
eight years and forged a tight
relationship with a major world power
China on the other hand secured a new
alternative route for goods especially
oil and gas from the Middle East through
projects like these it also found a way
to boost its economy Chinese
construction companies that had fewer
opportunities within their own country
saw a huge boost from Bri contracts
seven of the ten biggest construction
firms in the world are now Chinese but
tips the balance in China's favor even
more is a requirement that it be
involved in building these projects in
Pakistan for example Chinese workers
have directly built projects like this
highway here and a Chinese firm has
worked with locals on a railway here in
Serbia China's involvement is one of its
very few demands and that set these
deals apart so far see typically to get
investment from the West countries have
to meet strict ethical standards but
China's offer billions of dollars mostly
in loans with far fewer conditions so
it's no surprise the Bri has been a big
hit with the less democratic countries
in the region
China has signed agreements with
authoritarian governments military
regimes and some of the most corrupt
countries in the world it's even
affiliated with Afghanistan Ukraine
Yemen and Iraq all currently splintered
by conflict because of China's
willingness to loan money to unreliable
countries many experts have called the
Bri a risky plan eventually these
countries will have to pay China back
but corruption and conflict make that
payback unlikely a recent report found
that many of the country's indebted to
China are very vulnerable including
eight that are at high risk of being
unable to pay so why does China keep
lending because there's more to the Bri
than just economics in Sri Lanka China
loaned about 1.5 billion dollars for a
new deepwater port it was a key stop in
the maritime Silk Road by 2017 it was
clear Sri Lanka couldn't pay back the
loan so instead they gave China control
of the port as part of a 99 year lease
China also controls the strategic port
in Pakistan where it has a 40 year lease
it's pushing for a similar agreement in
Myanmar and it just opened an actual
Chinese naval base in Djibouti these are
all signs of what's been called the
string of pearls theory it predicts that
China is trying to establish a string of
naval bases in the Indian Ocean that
allow it to station ships and guard
shipping routes that move through the
region
so while China's not getting its money
back it's still achieving some very
important strategic goals China's
growing influence challenges the status
of the US which has been the world's
lone superpower for the last several
decades but isolation is trending in the
u.s. meaning that they are investing
less and therefore losing influence
around the world the Bri is China's way
of leveraging power to become a global
leader by building relationships and
taking control of global trade
China's well on its way
