listen to how these reporters talk about
hurricanes Harvey and Irma hurricane
Harvey's unprecedented onslaught
onslaught of rain onslaught of waves
ripping apart the coastline they're
using language you typically expect to
hear about war South Beach right in the
line of fire to Bahamas and Turks and
Caicos also in the line of fire news
networks do this a lot they cover a
natural disaster is using the same
tricks they use while covering war it
basically looks like a war zone compared
to a war zone war zone looks like a war
zone like a war zone there's dramatic
graphics helicopter shots of widespread
destruction acts of heroism in the face
of danger they even send reporters into
hostile territory
stop putting Chris Cuomo in harm's way
is the national treasure this wartime
approach gives news networks a
compelling way to tell stories about
things like major hurricanes thankfully
reinforcements are beginning to arrive
problem is when you treat natural
disasters like war you need to find an
enemy some bad guy to fight against and
that's made us all really angry at the
wrong things the first and most obvious
bad guy in any natural disaster story
isn't actually a guy its mother nature's
fury trying to stop mother nature mother
nature has no boundaries paper freeze
the only people you should call mother
are your actual mom Andrew Paul news
networks use concepts like mother nature
because it gives audiences a clear
culprit to blame for what's happening
the struggle against mother nature
continues trolling mess of Mother
Nature's fury right now it's about
making nature like human and we are by
the way separate from it that's
Catherine Frey who wrote a book on media
coverage of the great Midwest flood of
1993 it's a nice storyline it is easy
because you can easily pick out the good
guys and the bad guys right it's like
good guys people bad guy bad guy nature
mother nature at her worst human nature
and it's best that we see the worst from
mother nature we sometimes see the best
from human nature like you have
mentioned before while we are seeing the
worst of mother nature we are seeing the
best of people human nature Rosa the
problem with this frame is well stuffs
not that simple
in a lot of cases human choices explain
why natural disasters end up being so
catastrophic take Houston for example
one of the worst flooding disasters in
American history
one of the reasons Harvey caused so much
damage is because developers have been
allowed to build over the area's natural
flood plains over the past few years
that's put tons of people and property
in harm's way and made it way harder for
the area to absorb storm water like the
kind that came from Harvey a similar
situation has happened in Tampa where
unrestricted development has put people
and property right on the city's
vulnerable coastline a lot of the
infrastructure here is very low-lying
there your islands like Miami Beach
which are supposed to shield the
mainland from storms like Emma are now
bustling hotspots increasing the chances
that any major hurricane will cause
massive damage the problem is made worse
by reckless federal policy the National
Flood Insurance Program heavily
subsidizes flood insurance
so people are incentivized to keep
rebuilding in the same spot the family
says that they will rebuild all of this
is happening at the same time that
climate change is raising sea levels and
making powerful hurricanes more likely
but last year the former head of the
Harris County Flood Control District
said he had no plans to study the
effects of climate change on flooding
and Florida Governor Rick Scott has
banned government officials from even
using terms like climate change and sea
level rise none of that is mother nature
but news coverage that frames these as
humans versus nature stories helps
politicians shirk responsibility by
depicting mother nature as some big
uncontrollable monster we can do nothing
about was the issue poor planning or is
the issue that this storm is just so
overwhelming reminds of
man is sometimes no match for the forces
of mother nature which might explain why
the Sunday after Irma hit only one of
the Sunday morning new shows even
mentioned climate change sometimes
that's the detriment of the bigger
context the larger discussions around
why are these natural disasters
occurring why is so much damage
happening this framing of disaster as
war gets worse after the storm is over
that's when news networks focus on a new
enemy dangerous survivors mass
devastation Houston has brought with it
a breakdown in law and order not on
camera man seen looting from a tanning
store in the middle of hurricane Harvey
fears now of looting many people say
they're carrying guns and they're now
afraid of looters reporters who up and
rely on law enforcement and government
sources for information tend to overhype
the threat of criminal activity after
natural disasters law enforcement says
this was needed to crack down on looting
police say they're also going to be out
here to prevent looting they want to
make sure no one's kind of looting any
of these stores it's an easy way for
news networks to keep that warzone frame
going after the storm has passed there
are good guys and bad guys innocent
victims and looters it's also a
the looting theme continues to come up
even though 60 years of empirical
research tells us that looting is quite
rare when disasters occur
that's Kathleen Tierney who studied the
impact of media coverage after Hurricane
Katrina
they don't loot in disasters unless
they're absolutely desperate experts
actually agree on this point reports of
looting tend to be greatly over
exaggerated but it's become a staple of
hurricane coverage and it can have
really dangerous consequences fear of
looting could convince people in harm's
way not to evacuate a lot of homeowners
have said they are hesitant to leave
because they're worried about loaders
the looting myth often reflects racist
stereotypes like in Katrina when news
reports identified black scavengers as
looters but white scavengers as just
looking for food media panic also gives
license to politicians and law
enforcement to overreact reporting about
looting carries a very strong message
about the need for authoritarian social
controls
but the idea that we need the cavalry to
guard against the Sun savory elements
that are in our communities that
overreaction can include aggressive
militaristic responses like behinds we
saw in the aftermath of Katrina
deploying military units to non-combat
situations enforcing strict curfews that
discourage civilian rescue efforts and
ramping up police presence in disaster
areas steps that Tierney argues could
actually make it harder for survivors to
get the help they need
sometimes the authorities miss allocate
resources to law enforcement that could
be better allocated to actually saving
people because of this myth that people
are dangerous the result is that
disaster areas end up looking like the
war zones the media compares them to
good news their troops are on the way
I'm really happy to hear that the
Marines are headed in because it does
look like a war zone
natural disasters are chaotic and
devastating and it's tempting in the
face of that destruction to look for an
easy scapegoat
whether it be looters or mother nature
but things are just more complex than
that and reducing natural disasters to
dramatic us-versus-them narratives makes
it harder to think critically about the
choices we make before the next big
storm hits
you
