Donald Trump has made roughly 500 ball
statements in his first 200 days in
office
that's about 2.5 falsehoods per day he's
turned to news outlets into a full-time
fact-checking organizations give us a
fat check here let's just do a quick
fact check quick fact check time to
facts check the problem is for a lot of
people those fact checks don't seem to
be working
two-thirds of Republican voters still
believe millions of people voted
illegally a majority of Trump supporters
think Obama spied on him and almost half
actually think Trump won the popular
vote how is that possible why is
bullshit so hard to debunk to understand
what makes misinformation so durable in
politics
I talked to Brendan Nyhan he's a
political scientist who's been studying
the science of fact-checking since
before Destiny's Child broke up I've
been working on this now for more than
15 years in different ways I was one of
the founders of website called spin
sanity it was a forerunner to existing
fact-checking websites I checked and you
can actually still find some insanity
online and all of its beautiful early
two-thousands internet glory look at
that fun sorry since then he spent a lot
of time researching what makes people
hold on to false beliefs I came back to
that in my research as a political
scientist and returned to the subject of
why do people believe these things that
are true and what can we do about it in
theory this should be a no-brainer if
someone has a false belief and you
present them with accurate information
they should change that false belief
right right
there's good evidence including from my
own research that people do respond in
the direction of facts in many
circumstances but they update less than
we often like and in the macro sense we
don't see public opinion converging
around a set of accurate beliefs pulse
unfortunately he's right in a recent
experiment for example people were asked
to read an article debunking Trump's
false claim that violent crime is on the
rise and though some people accepted the
fact checked most of those who initially
believed the myth continued to believe
it we can observe some responsiveness if
we give people information but it
doesn't seem to be enough to make these
misperceptions go away there are a
couple of big reasons why
one is there's a high cost to accepting
evidence that contradicts our beliefs it
might be psychologically threatening to
us to admit that we're wrong it's costly
just to say I was wrong that's hard for
me that's hard for anyone we'd all like
to think we're dispassionate but as
human beings were all skeptical of
information that seems to contradict
some existing value or belief or
attitude that we have and so we can be
unduly skeptical of that information
that is unwelcome that defensive Nassim
stronger when a false belief is linked
to a political party or president if you
identify as a republican and a fact
checker tells you a republican belief is
wrong you're more likely to reject the
fact check Fox and Friends starts right
now we've always had a misperception but
now they're becoming aligned with our
partisanship and and our partisan
identities and that's kind of
supercharging in terms of their
relevance to our political conversation
at the same time the cost of sustaining
a false belief is very low in politics
being wrong about stuff like voter fraud
or Obama's birth certificate has no real
impact on our day to day lives so
there's very low incentive to change our
false beliefs having a strictly accurate
belief on the one hand versus having
your own sense of yourself and your
world you called into question you can
see how sometimes people without
intending to might try to preserve that
sense of self or that worldview when
they're challenged by the way ix says
this is true of both liberals and
conservatives being a beta male kook
does not make you magically immune to
this a second reason it's so hard to
debug misinformation has more to do with
how we fact-check modern news media is
incentivized to be attention-grabbing
and immediate to report what trump says
and does the moment it happens new Trump
tweet coming out Trump just tweeted I
just want to interrupt because President
Trump just tweeted I sat down about 21
minutes ago and president Trump has
tweeted three times so this is hot off
the press back it's why News Network
started airing full unedited Trump
rallies during the campaign it's why
they started airing the White House
press briefing life every major website
has a tribe of content gnomes in the
basement furiously typing up articles
aggregating the news saying
Trump says this right I know content
Nome is my actual Dungeons and Dragons
character name the emphasis on immediacy
means that a lot of misinformation is
presented in a totally unfiltered
fashion last December for example Trump
claimed that he'd gotten sprint to stop
from outsourcing 5,000 jobs to other
countries because of what's happening in
the spirit and the hope I was just
cooled by the hit people at Sprint and
they're going to be bringing 5,000 jobs
back to the United States it was a big
decoration and newsrooms across the
country rushed to report it repeating
the claim over and over and headlines
and tweets and news cons Burns is
bringing 5,000 jobs back to America the
problem was
Trump's claim was false Sprint had
planned to bring those jobs to the US
even before Trump got elected it's only
later that day or the next day or the
day after that that we find out that
actually those were jobs that had
already been saved
those follow-up stories often get much
less of an audience and the damage may
already have been done that problem is
compounded when news networks invite
Trump surrogates and White House
spokespeople could have been Trump's
claims on air people like Kris Kobach or
Stephen Miller or Conan Conway I don't
want to say her name a popular
convention and journalism is that it's
important to interview White House
spokespeople but 9 says that norm breaks
down when those spokespeople
use interviews to repeat misinformation
the idea that we must interview
representatives of the administration
only works if there's a sheer commitment
however limited to an underlying basis
in fact but we don't have that shared
commitment so far Trump spokespeople
have used these interviews to repeat
falsehoods about things like voter fraud
even while being fact checked by the
hosts do you believe Hillary Clinton won
the popular vote by three to five
million votes you know we may answer
that voter fraud is a serious problem in
this country there are dead people
register they're illegal people
registered and continuing to invite
spokespeople like this on air
essentially defeats the purpose of
backchecking
we want the reputational consequences to
be really strong for being fraud and a
charlatan the problem is the incentives
are often exactly the opposite you make
wild and controversial claims on TV and
you get invited back you're an
interesting guest
your provocative your controversial
which explains why when Allison
I'm Rhoda asked this Trump supporter
where she heard that millions of people
voted illegally where are you getting
your information she says some of the
post CNN I believe none of this is to
say that better fact-checking will
suddenly fix our misinformation problem
even without Kellyanne Conway's help the
human brain is really good at holding on
to bullshit I convinced myself to wear
cargo shorts in public for 20 years
despite overwhelming evidence it was a
bad idea why are you mad at me and nine
admits there's not really a silver
bullet for debunking people's incorrect
political beliefs if I knew what it was
right I'd be out there doing it instead
of us doing this interview hurtful but
okay
but the bottom line is our brains are
uniquely vulnerable to a White House
that's so comfortable with lying news
networks need to be extra careful that
in their rush to cover Trump's
falsehoods they're not accidentally
amplifying them
you
