if you are to put sports and games on a
continuum where the outcomes reflect
pure skill on the right side and cure
luck on the left side where would the
big team sports go somewhere in the
middle right but in what order there's
actually a way to estimate that using
statistics and this is where they end up
what you find is the NBA's the sport
that's farthest away from random and
then you go down the line hockey is
actually to support those closest to
randomness Michael mobizen did these
calculations for his book the success
equation and his findings remind us what
we love so much about these sports
mobis ins continuum is based on the
regular season for each league and he
found that skill explains less than half
of the season standings for the NHL but
that's not to say hockey players are any
less skilled all these players all these
athletes are amazing amazing and almost
inconceivable how good they are the
continuum doesn't tell us how skilled
the players are it's more like how well
their sport measures their skills so a
big factor is the sample size or the
number of games in a season Major League
Baseball teams play 162 games compare
that to the NFL where teams play only 16
games the small sample size pushes
football towards the left side of the
continuum since it's harder for skill to
emerge from the noise with so few trials
but the number of games doesn't explain
everything
both the NHL and the NBA play 82 games
in a season so their placement has more
to do with the dynamics of the game
itself like the number of chances teams
have to score during the game that's
another type of sample size basketballs
are coming down and every shot clock and
they have to take lots of shots four to
shoot
DeLorean fires the Forsett a shot so
there's a lot of samples that go back
and forth ice hockey of course it's much
more fluid that the possessions are much
more discrete they don't even have a way
to measure possessions in hockey which
gives you a sense of how little
sustained control those players have the
number of players matters to tennis is a
sport where skill plays a much bigger
role in large part because there simply
aren't many people involved
that's why Serena Williams could hold
the number-one-ranked for a hundred
eighty six consecutive weeks from 2013
to 2016
when skilled dominates outcomes are more
predictable in a sport like swimming or
sprinting the activities are even more
individual essentially racing a clock so
there's nothing standing between the
athletes still and their ranking but in
team sports you have more players and
lots of interactions and what matters
isn't just how many are on the field at
a time but how possession is distributed
among the team's players over the course
of the game baseball requires nine
hitters on a team to take turns at that
ideal B wouldn't it be awesome if our
best hitter hit every single time right
and we have our weaker players never
play at all in basketball in the sense
you can do a little bit of that not
quite but you can have LeBron James
playing most of the game whereas the
very best hockey players Sidney Crosby
can be on the ice you know 20 to 23
minutes per game he's their superstar
hockey is inherently really fast and
erratic so even the best players need to
rest and that puts some limits on how
much their skill can influence the
result whereas in football you have the
quarterback involved in every offensive
play I think that football does boil
down to a few skill players typically
and I would really say probably the
quarterback head coach combination
becomes the most important determinant
or a predictor of success and then you
have the question of the talent team
basketball inherently rewards unusually
tall players this chart shows the height
and weight of different positions in
different leagues these are the NBA
players and here's the height of the
average American male
so what happens is you shrink your
sample size and anything your small
sample size you get a lot of variance
saying that differently there are seven
foot players who are really skillful and
there are seven foot players who are not
quite as skilful and they're both in the
NBA right just because they're by virtue
of their height so the consequence you
get more variance that means skill tends
to assert yourself more soccer and
hockey don't require such an outlier
body type so you'd expect less variance
in players skills and that leaves more
to look to understand what that means
you have to see how mobis in calculated
all of it
I learned this by the way from the
sports analytics guy so I wasn't clever
enough to come up with this myself but
there's a really interesting concept in
statistics it's actually calls for the
Pythagorean theorem statistics it says
that if you have two random independent
variables then you can add their
variances variance is just a measure of
how spread out a data set is for our
purposes the equation looks like this
the variance of the observed real-life
results equals the variance of skill
plus the variance of luck skill plus
luck equals everything that happens so
you think about how we apply this to
sports most people use basketball an
example so what do we know we know the
actual variance of win-loss records of
all the professional sports teams right
basketball teams so that's a known over
a season some teams win about half their
games some do a lot better than that
some a lot worse
so if the variance is a measure of how
spread out those win-loss records are
for the league you can see that you have
more variance in basketball than hockey
the other part of the equation estimates
what the results would be in an all luck
world so instead of playing every
basketball game that teams just went out
and flip the coin and whoever won the
coin toss take what back it took showers
at home
the variance of luck varies from sport
to sport depending on how many games
there are in a season more games means
lower variance of luck just like the
more times you flip a coin the closer
your data gets to 50/50 now we have two
out of the three pieces of the equation
and what that allows us to do that is
estimate the contribution of the other
distribution basically what this asks is
how different does the real world look
from a world in which the winners are
just chosen at random he averaged the
results of five seasons for each sport
and that's how he placed them on the
continuum if you were to look at just
the playoffs rather than the regular
season you might get a different results
according to one analysis baseball
playoffs are the worst and ensuring that
the best team wins which raises the
question of what we want our sports to
do do we want to measure skill as
precisely as possible or do we just want
to feel alive we're there to enjoy the
journey we're to have the high blows and
having both highs and lows what kind of
makes it engaging as a fan
I think that's part of the whole human
condition that makes it really hard for
us to watch
you
