president Trump fired his FBI director
James Comey on Tuesday afternoon when a
president fires an FBI director who
seems to be investigating his inner
circle the FBI as part of our
counterintelligence mission is
investigating in the nature of any links
between individuals associated with the
Trump campaign and the Russian
government questions will naturally
arise over whether he's trying to cover
something up the termination and removal
of James Comey raises the critical
question as to whether the FBI
investigation of Russian interference in
the last presidential campaign will
continue and whether the investigation
into any collusion or involvement by the
Trump campaign will also be investigated
by the FBI this is the kind of thing
that goes on in non-democracies a
presidential firing of an FBI director
is extremely unusual they're nonpartisan
officials who served ten year turns and
they're meant to go on from one
president to another and it's important
to note here that back in January during
President Trump's first week in office
he actually asked Comey to stay on in
his post you're stuck with me for about
another six and a half years in fact
it's hard to come up with a comparison
to a president firing a top law
enforcement official investigating his
own inner circle unless you think back
to Watergate the country tonight is in
the midst of what may be the most
serious constitutional crisis in its
history there are reports tonight the
president Nixon has ordered Attorney
General Elliot Richardson to fire the
social Watergate prosecutor Archibald
Cox because of the president's action
the Attorney General has resigned Elliot
Richardson does quit saying he cannot
carry out mr. Nixon's instruction the
fear that many Democrats and even some
Republicans have is that Trump will be
able to replace Comey
who was an independent actor we're not
on anybody's side ever with a more
compliant FBI director who could slow
walk the investigation or perhaps
barriers the political people are in
charge of the FBI not the street agents
the street agents do what they're told
the reason Trump's Justice Department
lays out for a commis dismissal is that
he mishandled the hillary clinton email
case by essentially being too tough on
her but this doesn't make a whole lot of
sense in the past president Trump has
criticized Comey for being too easy on
Clinton in the email case Hillary
Clinton is guilty she knows it the FBI
knows it the people knows new
information and just now the FBI may be
reopening an investigation into the
Hillary Clinton email server there was a
letter that apparently was just set out
and you do have a five or six point lead
two weeks before the election and then
magically becomes two to four points
right on the election eve something
happened and it lines up perfectly with
one call me released his letter looked a
terrible
it makes me mildly nauseous to think
that we might have had some impact on
the election but honestly it wouldn't
change the decision the Attorney General
Jeff Sessions is on record
praising Comey for some of the very
actions that his deputy now cites as a
justification for commis firing he
didn't think that there was enough
evidence to charge her previously and
now he's received new evidence he had an
absolute duty in my opinion eleven days
or not to come forward with the new
information that he has and let the
American people know that too the
president has made no secret of the fact
that he's very unhappy about the Russia
investigation Russia is fake news in a
recent tweet he said that it was a
taxpayer-funded charade it's unclear
where this move will lead when Richard
Nixon fired the special prosecutor
investigating Watergate there was a
bipartisan backlash more than fifty
thousand telegrams brought in on Capitol
Hill today so many Western Union was
wrong both of them demanded in thinking
that you Nixon my three district offices
in one Republican area my phone calls
were a hundred to one in favor of
pursuing the path of impeachment but
it's not clear that will happen again
there's much more partisan polarization
in the US political system today and
Republicans in Congress have seemed
eager to defend Trump from potentially
damaging investigations my messages suck
it up and move on
some Republicans have criticized in
question Trump smooth you don't buy the
Clinton email explanation I don't
believe that that is sufficient
rationale for removing the director of
the FBI but others have seemed to be
willing to give him the benefit of the
doubt I think we need a new face and a
new guy or new gal and move on obviously
the president's decision to make I don't
anticipate it would impede any of the
work of the FBI his administration has
already been plagued by leaks from
intelligence and law enforcement
agencies firing Comey could well make
this problem worse for him after all in
the Watergate scandal Woodward and
Bernstein's most famous source deep
throat was a high-ranking FBI official
