this story is about small cat that looks
like big cat and the people that made
that possible but before we get there
let's back up a bit we went to an event
at the Westminster Dog Show and this
year cats were invited so we went to
film them and we weren't the only one in
the middle of a crowd there was a man
holding his pet cat called a bangles
that's Anthony Hutcherson and his whole
life he's had one dream I always wanted
a pet leopard or one Geena pet Ocelot
might sound odd but until recently
owning an exotic cat was not unheard of
people had pet leopards and pet cheetah
and here's Salvador Dali with its pet
Ocelot named Babu
but exotic cats weren't just for
celebrities this family in Denver had a
pet leopard they named him Pasha growing
up Anthony found books about owning a
pet Ocelot and he was back fortunately
the library was a little outdated so
they were still books from the fifties
and sixties in my public school that
said things about having a pet hustle
and made it seem normal and I thought
that could be me too but in the 1970s
authorities began restricting ownership
in seizing exotic pets so instead of
owning an ocelot Anthony's dream became
breeding a pet cat that looked just like
one he began after seeing a magazine at
a grocery store at the checkout like a a
lien spotted and woman crease domestic
cats looked like leopards and so I
remembered it and followed up and found
her and called her the woman on the
phone was gene mail the first American
Bengal breeder at one point I remember
saying to her no I can't afford these
pants but I really want one this is my
dream I really want to do it
I described her detail what I wanted and
she said yes that cat doesn't exist I
want that too Jane told Anthony about
Asian Leopard Cat a wild species native
to Asia that was bred with a domestic
cat in order to create a
first-generation hybrid called an f1
which is 50% wild 50 percent domestic
gene owned an f1 which she received from
dr. Willard Center wall a scientist at
Loma Linda University dr. Center wall
was breeding hybrid cats in order to
study their leukemia heredity factors
which could help an understanding in
combating leukemia in human beings but
he only needed their genetic sample and
once he bred the cats they needed home
so that's how gene moe
received an f1 kitten in 1980
by breeding her f1 with the domestic cat
gene created second-generation hybrids
but the males were sterile so gene could
only continue breeding through the
female offspring and when they're four
generations away from the Asian Leopard
Cat fertility is much more regular and
in terms of being able to be shown and
be considered domestic cat they happy
for generations away from Asian Leopard
Cat sorry that's my cat running through
the road by reaching the fourth
generation gene had developed a new
breed the Bengal which was officially
recognized by the International cat
Association in 1986 after his phone call
with gene Anthony decided to start
breeding on his own so we bought an f1
bangle and began attending cat shows
this cat is off for the future the
Bengals I'd like to see the move
Warner directions towards looking wild
being instantly identified as who but I
want them to turn them over on their
side or pull on her tail or kisum over
the years
Anthony's goal hasn't changed he's
continued to pursue it by carefully
selecting cats for his breeding program
when I make that decision to breed them
I have an idea of what I think the
kittens will look like and when they're
born I try to pick the one that looked
the most like what I wanted it to look
like because like any good Shaq will
probably tell you it's not adding a
bunch of different stuff into a soup
that's what you choose to add and how
much and when you add it choosing
breeding partners to develop certain
traits is called selective breeding all
cats are beautiful but I'm not trying to
make all cat I'm trying to make a very
specific at a specific cat with
qualities like rosettes the naturally
occurring marks on leopards that he
describes as a pattern of that thing but
that's maybe black or brown and in the
center that spot is a color somewhere
between the yellow or orange you get the
picture Anthony knows what he wants his
cats to look like but selective breeding
can put animals at risk if breeders pair
close relatives
so to prevent inbreeding owners like
Vickie Jeffers come to catch shows where
they can exchange cats in order to
develop new traits like the shaggy coat
we saw on this long hair bangle if I fed
her to Jefferson I might get the
beautiful tail and the nice ears and the
kisses I get this wonderful pattern so
what you do is you look for traits and
tap singers don't have I had to look at
the pedigree you be sure that you're not
inbreeding tomorrow to avoid inbreeding
breeders need a large gene pool which
means breeding large numbers of cats
people are convinced that there are too
many cats in the world and they're an
awful lot of cats and residue and they
say well you know here you are breeding
superfluous cats when there are cats
that are going there wanting for a home
and then they have a point they have an
important point but you look at these
cats they justify the breathing there's
a wonderful wonderful animals animals
like animals cat open sure names obeys
the greatest cat world and while the
development of bangles has taken decades
other breeds are just getting started
this is a Savannah which were developed
by breeding domestic cats with a servo a
wild carnivore native to African
Savannah's unlike the Bengals we found
just a few cats at this booth and that's
because the Savannah is a newer breed
the first f1 Savannah was born in 1986
so there are fewer late generation
Savannah's compared to bangle a cat like
this can cost over a thousand dollars
but earlier generations of Savannah's
are even more expensive in f1 Savannah
can cost upwards of twenty thousand
dollars and owning one isn't only
expensive it can be illegal depending on
local laws in New York State it's legal
to own a hybrid as long as it's six
generations later but any generation of
savannah is illegal in New York City so
even though these cats had a special
exemption the cats we saw at this show
they're technically illegal and that's a
major reason why breeders come to the
show by showing their cat breeders hope
to demonstrate that hybrid species are
just as safe as any other cat but what
if you aren't into leopards
what if what you really want is a tiny
Tiger this is Tony one of the Tigers we
met that's tiger for toy and tiger this
newer breed was created by Judy Sugden
and before you make any assumptions no
she did not read a tiger with a house
cat as feline geneticist Stephen O'Brien
explained to me that wouldn't work as
the time has elapsed the further part
beeshees might be to another species are
less likely they'll produce fertile
offspring at all the reason is evolution
is a gradual process if you look at the
cat family tree you can see that
domestic cats and Asian Leopard cats
separated from a common ancestor about 6
million years ago which is about half
the time that has passed since they
separated from great cats like lions and
tigers
exactly happens on that order so it's
been twice as much time for gene
differences that that inhibit
compatibility which means that there's
twice as likely to have generated
reproductive isolation which is me just
not going to work Charlie it just not
going to work so it's not going to work
means you can't breed the tiger so Judy
said being created Tigers by selectively
breeding domestic cats and so when you
breathe that get them to another kitchen
that might as a result there's nothing
wild about these guys make it
reminiscent LS a cat and so on a tiger
the chin big kind of pain out there and
while breathing a tiny Tiger might seem
ambitious Judy had help along the way I
started reading in the mid 80s
my mother developed a bingo and that one
who looked like a little leopard so I
sanded we were watching that progressed
well maybe we need a reminder Judy's
mother is Jeanne mill the first american
bangle breeder in anthony Hutchison's
mentor it turns out the world of cap
readers is pretty small like Anthony
Judi has spent her entire life
developing a new breed to resemble its
wild counterpart and also like Anthony
she still pursuing medical care
because although you might think these
cats already looks like tiny Tigers and
little leopards
they see something we don't something to
improve something that will keep pushing
them closer to that goal the cat that
they always dreamed of my motivation
hasn't changed and I was back public
libraries bookstores and I bought those
books because they inspired me then and
in moments when I think my fellow
breeders have no idea what they're doing
or I question how many litter boxes back
including today I still put through
those books and think well
you
