this map shows the black belt of the
United States its name comes from the
fertile soil associated with the region
and for most of America's history more
than 90% of the country's largest
minority group lived here starting in
the early 20th century nearly half of
the african-american population left
this region to resettle in emerging
northern in Midwestern cities it was one
of the largest internal migrations in US
history
and now data indicates that a new
movement is taking shape to understand
why let's go back to 1865 the
Emancipation Proclamation ended slavery
and started a new era for colored people
in the States shortly after the 13th
14th and 15th amendments enfranchised
people of color at large for the first
time the majority of black Americans
controlled their own destinies in the
years immediately following the
emancipation most freed slaves chose to
stay in their communities after all the
only America they had known was the
south it was common for their
descendants to work as sharecroppers on
plantations sometimes their only payment
was permission to live on the property
but that wasn't the worst aspect of the
south for blacks the Jim Crow caste
system determined where you could eat
what platform you stood on when you were
catching a train this was a rigid caste
system in which any breach of the caste
system could literally mean your life
that's author and journalist Isabel
Wilkerson she spent 15 years compiling
the stories of black Exodus the cities
in the North Midwest and West the
movement would come be known as the
great migration the great migration was
really seeking a political asylum within
the borders of our own country many of
them were fleeing for their lives they
were fleeing a caste system of rigid
caste system known as Jim Crow in which
everything that you could and could not
do was based on what you look like in
1915 African Americans began to leave
the black belt for these new industrial
centers a 1929 1.5 million African
Americans have resettled in new northern
metro areas
at the time America's participation in
World War one drove demand for
manufacturing labor but strict
immigration laws left northern factories
with a shortage of workers factories in
the north started recruiting low-skilled
workers from the south the workers faced
discrimination in their new homes which
culminated in the red summer of 1919
migrant blacks whites and European
immigrants were all competing for
limited housing and resources which
exacerbated relationships in city
centers the most prominent of these
settlements for migrating blacks was New
York City and the art music and theater
that emerged from this community became
known as the Harlem Renaissance these
artistic achievements redefined the
cultural image of blacks in America of
the stock market crash of 1929 and
ensuing Great Depression slowed the
influx from the south and effectively
ended the first migration the second
wave began in the 40s when World War two
kick-started manufacturing again
agricultural employment in the south
plummeted once again people living in
the rural South began to migrate to
cities manufacturing hubs in the West
were far more prominent in the second
movement but only a fraction of skilled
labor positions went to African
Americans that kind of discrimination
was a common experience for participants
in the great migration throughout
history the segregated neighborhoods
that Sutton blacks flocked to often
became the ground centers of masses
racially motivated rioting in most cases
the protesting began in response to
Proceed unfair treatment of the black
community this is a trend that continues
today as seen in modern violent protests
in Baltimore Ferguson and Milwaukee at
the end of the second migration an
estimated five to eight million blacks
had resettled outside of the south
moving ahead to the 1960s the civil
rights movement had introduced a new
vision of racial identity in America
this movements leaders argued for the
Equality of all people
meanwhile the definition of all people
with changing changes in immigration
policy starting in 1952 started a new
era of skills based multicultural
immigration
this includes African migrants adding a
new black perspective to the American
story a 1990s a new multicultural
American identity had emerged during his
period the rise of the black middle
class was evident you know we're used to
thinking about white flight to the
suburbs and black segregation black
concentration and cities that's the
voice of William Frey he's been tracking
the shifting demographics of America
over the past five decades some degree
that still exists but there's also been
a noticeable movement of blacks to the
suburbs and it's fairly pervasive it's
not just in two or three cities but it's
in a lot of cities across a country
northern cities southern cities western
cities african-americans started to make
this move especially in the last 20 or
25 years really large numbers of blacks
moved to the south
I attribute some of it to younger
generations several generations since
the civil rights laws were enacted in
the 1960s who now do have an opportunity
to get advanced education at least some
college and you know getting that
foothold into the middle class I think
is an important part of what's going on
today
the geography established by the great
migration is beginning to fade away
southern states have been leaders in
black population growth since the 1970s
still these states have only captured a
four percent increase in the share of
the black population over the last four
decades so while we are seeing a
reversal of the trend of African
American migration to cities it's
unlikely the movement will be as
far-reaching at the great migrations of
the past and it's because this migration
is about a search for agency and
opportunity not about fleeing from
violence the stakes are not the same now
as they would have been during the Great
Migration you know they are quite
different in character and in magnitude
many of them were fleeing like refugees
with no certainty as to what was going
to happen to them or how I would make a
goal that in this new alien land that
was a watershed moment in American
history and like watershed moment it's
not something that is easily duplicated
