I have a terrible memory I can't
remember birthdays I notoriously butcher
movie lines and I forget somebody's name
five seconds after I meet them but by
the end of this video I'm gonna be
reciting an entire chapter from Moby
Dick by heart because as it turns out
there is a way for anybody to hack their
memory the way that we normally try to
memorize stuff is inefficient and pretty
bad flashcards rote repetition anxiously
putting your hand on your forehead just
don't work that's because as much as
we'd like to our brains don't respond
well to brute force well we are good at
is remembering things when we have a
context to be it visual emotional or
spatial we're good at remembering faces
we instinctively remember what song was
playing during our first kiss and we can
effortlessly walk a few blocks to the
store and get back to our house without
even having to think about it why is
that
well it turns out that the same part of
our brain that's thought to be involved
in emotion and spatial navigation the
hippocampus also happens to control
short and long term memory processing
now I know what you're thinking if only
there were a way to combine the two
enter the memory palace a memory palace
is a memorization technique that makes
it easier to remember things by giving
it a visual and spatial hook it combines
something that humans are innately
pretty bad at with something that we've
been doing for ages basically you assign
images to the content you want to
memorize then place them on a path in a
real-life location then when you retrace
the path in your mind you see the images
are able to recall the content and all
of a sudden you look like a memory
genius so does this actually work step
one choose a location that you know
really well to serve as your memory
palace
it seems pretty generous to deem it a
palace but for this example I chose to
use my apartment I went around and
mentally mapped out the space making
sure that I had a clear image of the
layout where the furniture was and
whether or not I needed to change my
cat's litter box
which it turns out I did step to choose
what you want to memorize you can choose
anything that you want a poem the state
capitals the first 25 digits of pi
whatever I chose a chapter from one of
my favorite books
dick granted it's one of the shorter
chapters but it's really good and you
got to start somewhere so how about
everybody just play it cool all right
I've read this chapter a number of times
but I don't remember more than a few
words off the top of my head
so I know that the first line is I leave
a white wake there's a line where he
talks about a heavy crown and his
destiny is on Rails at some point step 3
create a really compelling visual image
for each line or item what I did was
take the chapter and break it up into
individual sentences 38 and all each one
getting their own image so for the first
line I leave a white and turbid wake
pale water is paler cheeks wherever I
sail I created in my mind an image of
John Waters pale and dressed in white
crying uncontrollably at somebody's wake
pretty memorable image right you want to
make all of your images as distinctive
and interesting as possible the weirder
and more emotional that they are the
easier it'll be for you to remember feel
free to make them vulgar or outrageous
nobody needs to know it's inside your
memory palace step 4 place your images
along a path through your memory palace
I took the John Waters image and placed
it on the first stop of my path the
landing on the stoop of my apartment I
did this for the rest of the chapter
line by line until each line had a
unique weird image step 5 memorize the
thing about memory palaces is that
they're not gonna help you memorize
anything instantly you still have to go
through and do the work and it is work
but studies have shown that students who
use memory palaces or other mnemonic
techniques to study consistently and
significantly outperform students that
don't it's also proven to be a powerful
learning tool for students with
disabilities so does this actually work
I got up in front of all my co-workers
to find out I leave a white and turbid
wake pale waters paler cheeks wherever I
sail the envious billows sidelong swell
to whelm my track let them but first I
pass yonder by ever brimming goblets rim
the warm waves blush like wine the gold
brow plums the blue the diverse Sun slow
dive from noon goes
my soul mounts up spending three or four
hours every day practicing it only took
me about four days to memorize the whole
thing the path to my fixed purpose is
laid with iron rails where on my soul is
grooved to run over unsounded gorges
through the rifled hearts of mountains
under torrents beds unerringly I rush
knots and obstacle knots an angle to the
iron way so now that I know some of the
secrets to memorization does that mean
that I'm gonna enter next year's US
memory championship um we'll see
