should I say anything I'm not on that
take one boo I played a terrorist in the
movie executive decision I played a
terrorist on the sitcom Roseanne film
called steel sharks I played this evil
Persian submarine commander all my lines
are like I'll kill any other name of
Allah you know we're like off with their
head your time has come a meddigan you
always see the same guys at every
audition you can hear the actor in the
audition room with the door shut you
know and the door opens up and the guys
like thank you very much for having him
hope to get the part see you on set you
know there was never the Arab friend
never the Arab doctor and ER they never
had like the guy like me I'm about as
American is accom I called my agent one
day and I said don't call me for these
terrorist parts anymore and the phone
stopped ringing
I started waiting tables at a restaurant
the restaurant I worked at didn't serve
great food so I had to make people laugh
in order to get the tips that I was
trying to get that's when I made the
decision but I can be a stand-up
comedian my parents are practicing
Muslims so they pray five times a day my
American friends always walk into my
house where my parents are in may prefer
Arabic mr. mrs. okay what do you lose
what's going on
we'll be looking for slowly but surely
you start picking up tricks of the trade
I spent a lot of time in the comedy club
sitting in the back of the room till
2:00 in the morning just watching and
studying comics I became friends with
Mitzi shore who owns the world-famous
Comedy Store
she became almost like a mentor
grandmother and then September 11th
happened right after September 11th a
lot of hate crimes were happening Mitzi
said I'm going to open the club this
Friday you have to go on and talk about
being Arab my opening joke was my name
really is a madam ed I had nothing to do
with it just telling you don't follow me
out to my car after the show I check my
bags and the guy said oh these are bags
I said yes he says did you pack him
yourself
I said yes and they arrested me I worked
with it a couple other comedians Arab
and middle-eastern guys we started
touring around we went all over America
we ended up going to the Middle East
selling out 20,000 tickets in five
countries in 30 days we were the first
ever middle-eastern comedy show on
Comedy Central
you think about it but Jews and Muslims
have more in common than any other
religion ever both Jews and Muslims
don't eat pork we don't celebrate
Christmas we both yell on the phone when
there's no emergency stand-up comedy
allowed me to have a voice to talk about
being Muslim in a funny way without
having it be imposing or threatening I
had a woman come up to me on that after
a show and said are you really a Muslim
I said yeah she said you're wearing a
nice suit and you have a smile on your
face
the impressions that America is getting
the negative impressions of Muslims it's
not good
I get profiled all the time if you
google my name Ahmed Ahmed there's a guy
from Egypt who pops up there's a
terrorist who kind of looks like me
he's blushed shorter with the mustache
looks like a porn star actually but he
has all these aliases he goes by the
first two are a Mehta med and I met the
Egyptian I'm like I got to find this guy
cuz he's ruining my life they all think
that I'm him and then it dawned to me
maybe he's in the Middle East googling
me like hey but look there is this
comedian in America he's using my name
like random Arabs walk up to him bro it
is so funny I saw you on YouTube tell me
a joke he's like I'm not I've been made
in
