if someone was looking to rig a major
election they probably would not want to
start in the United States that's
because the system we have forecasting
and counting ballots is extraordinarily
difficult to tamper with because the
Constitution gives the states the
primary authority to set their own
election rules so the presidential
election is really 51 separate elections
one for each state and the District of
Columbia and those 51 elections they're
actually thousands of elections that are
administered in the county or town level
this decentralized system makes it
nearly impossible to rig an election in
favor of one presidential candidate in
order to really influence the outcome
you'd have to rig a whole lot of
elections that's very difficult to do
anybody you tried you got the safeguards
start before you even set foot in the
voting booth because before you can vote
you need to register you fill out a form
with your name signature and identifying
information which is added to a giant
list of all registered voters in your
state those voter rolls are periodically
checked for accuracy you know all the
states are doing all sorts of different
types of audit and procedures will try
to check and make sure that there aren't
implicit so that there aren't deceased
people on the rolls that there aren't
people who shouldn't be in the voter
registry in the first place on Election
Day you show up to your polling place
depending on what state you live in you
might show the poll worker is your ID or
sign a book or just state your name and
address now if someone wanted to try to
vote more than once or pretend to be
somebody else they'd have to convince
the poll workers which is a risky
strategy because if they get caught
they're looking at jail time and big
fines this kind of voter impersonation
fraud the empirical evidence indicates
that it really is very very rare
depending on where you live you'll
either vote using a paper ballot with an
optical scanner or what's called a
direct recording electronic machine or
d-r-e for short
dr e's are more vulnerable to hacking
but each machine is tested ahead of time
by local election officials
who are supervised by local
representatives from both political
parties then the machines are locked and
sealed until Election Day these machines
aren't connected to the internet so if
someone wanted to hack them they'd have
to break them open in person think of
the time required or the coordinated
effort by many many people that would be
required to tamper with enough machines
to sort of have any works they'll
attract over 70% of Americans will vote
with a paper ballot and an optical
scanner which reads and adds your vote
to its internal count the scanner keeps
your ballot and lets you know your vote
has been counted after the polls close
on election night both the D re s and
the optical scanners print out multiple
copies of their internal tallies the
poll workers again working in pairs and
overseen by poll watchers from both
parties count up the totals from each
machine the poll workers send the
results to the County Board of Elections
who sends them on to the State Board of
Elections who reports them to the media
even if someone did manage to mess up
the reported totals either on purpose or
by accident the printouts from the
machines would prove them wrong and many
states conduct audits of random
precincts where they hand count ballots
or d-r-e receipts to verify that the
machines counted them properly to rig a
presidential election you would need to
conspire with lots of people from both
political parties who are willing to
risk federal prison or you would need
the ability to break in and physically
alter a ton of voting machines which
might sound like a good movie plot but
is extremely unlikely in real life
