if you want praise of Leonardo da
Vinci's Mona Lisa as art you can find it
but what if you think it's just fine
what's the cynics explanation for the
Mona Lisa why is the Mona Lisa so so
famous is it really that much better
than da Vinci's lady with Ernie that
seems better there's one more
ermine but it's Mona who is so famous
that the director of the Louvre where
Mona Lisa lives said 80% of their
visitors are only there to see that one
painting if you don't think Mona Lisa is
famous just because she's somehow 10
times better than every other painting
her story reveals something more
interesting
something about how art breaks in the
wider culture and it might never have
happened if the Mona Lisa hadn't
disappeared
before Mona Lisa became a mass culture
star before she vanished one critic made
her a work of art worth taking and he
was so over-the-top insanely in love
with the painting that he
single-handedly made it a masterpiece
walter pater z-- 1873 book the
renaissance was key it came out more
than 350 years after Leonardo painted
Mona Lisa but it defined the painting
for Victorians that was key in an age
when it was hard to actually see the art
so the words did the work here is the
epic semicolon stuffed paragraph at the
center of his ode to Mona Lisa
highlights the animalism of Greece she
is older than the rocks among which she
sits like the vampire she has been dead
many times this was the purple espresso
all time but people love the stuff
Oscar Wilde thought the essays writing
was great he praised the musical of the
mystical prose and every general
interest profile of the Louvre from
academic guidebooks
to discussion clubs in Paducah used
Peters words to talk about Mona other
critics jumped on Mona was a popular
secular painting that they could analyze
unlike da Vinci's Last Supper they could
supply all the meaning but even at her
peak Mona Lisa was just art world famous
not the most famous painting of all time
in 1907 a vain tulip the Louvre targeted
a picture by Inge not da Vinci and in
1910 amidst rumors of theft papers
called Mona just the second most famous
painting in the Louvre after Raphael's
Sistina Madonna it took a real theft to
take Mona from art syllabus highlight to
mass culture icon these are Vincenzo
Peruggia fingerprints this is Vincenzo
Peruggia smug shot he has won because on
August 21st 1911 the former Louvre
worker lifted the Mona Lisa off the wall
and took it home it took the Louvre a
day to even notice but the media didn't
have as subdued of a reaction
the painting went missing for two years
in every time the press often quoting
Pater called it the greatest portrait
there ever was they speculated that
Mona's smile had driven the thief mad
they wrote art thief fanfiction and they
constantly day dreamed about Mona Lisa's
whereabouts thousands went to the Louvre
just to see empty hooks hanging on the
wall the robbery in manhunt were like a
two-year ad campaign for the painting
and because he couldn't just google Mona
Lisa before it was stolen it was hard
for people to see the actual painting
and say what's the big deal
when Perugia was caught he said his goal
was to bring Mona back to her native
Italy by then she was the most famous
painting in the world due in part to her
absence
just as critics could smear prose on her
blank face the press could hane a
reputation on those empty hooks in the
wall when Mona Lisa was stolen she left
a masterpiece after her recovery and a
two-week tour in Florence she returned
to the Louvre bigger than just art she
was a story and a legend and prominently
shown in every paper that reported her
recovery it was the big reveal after two
years of suspense now with the story
that merited Walter Pater hyperbole from
that point on she attracted presidential
speeches and parodies the momentum never
stopped in the end the cynics
interpretation in the gobsmacked critics
interpretation have something in common
Mona Lisa isn't a portrait but a blank
face a place for critics to paint
meaning and people to find mystery
that's why she was so famous not because
of how she's painted but what we see in
her
if that's not art than what is I found
one 1909 description of the Mona Lisa
that seem particularly pression the
writer said even those whose first
expressions is ha and proclaimed frankly
that they cannot see her beauty or her
interest find themselves disputing hotly
over both that's probably still the case
today
