in 2007 a science advocacy group called
sense about science reached out to the
manufacturers of 15 detox health
products and they wanted to figure out
one thing what exactly was the toxin
that those products were targeting after
talking to the makers of everything from
smoothies to supplements to shampoos the
researchers came back with absolutely
nothing not a single company could
identify what toxic substance their
detox product eliminated
long story short detoxing for weight
loss for beauty treatments for fitness
is bullshit but it's been kept alive
thanks to some really archaic
misconceptions about how our bodies work
and a whole lot of celebrity
endorsements in fact I've created a
great 48 hour detox plan on dr. oz calm
so how did we get here now when we talk
about detox we're thinking about getting
rid of things we've over consumed too
much food too much alcohol or dangerous
chemicals that have entered our bodies
from the environment but if you go back
to about 3000 BC in ancient Egypt
physicians thought that toxic substances
were actually produced within people's
bodies and that these toxins were the
cause of disease and that they needed to
be expelled remember how we used to use
leeches to get out the bad blood when
people were sick that's kind of the same
idea people thought that the body would
poison itself when toxins from feces
were absorbed back into the blood they
called this idea Auto intoxication and
it lasted for a long time and even
microbiologist believed in it through
the last century by the early 1900's our
understanding of physiology evolved and
we stopped taking the idea of auto
intoxication seriously but in the realm
of Health pseudoscience detoxing still
stuck around and a lot of that detox
culture has been shaped by celebrity
culture movie stars and other performers
will use detox products and their
stories will get written up in magazines
Gwyneth Paltrow is a fantastic example
of that her website is just like a
panorama pseudoscience
she's famously endorsed different types
of cleanses that she allegedly uses
herself what you don't see is that those
products are just one part of a
multi-million dollar business promoting
easy exercise and diet solutions it's
very appealing to just believe you can
buy something on the store shelf take it
for a few weeks and somehow have this
quick transformation into
something that will look as wonderful as
she does here's the thing our bodies are
already fantastic detox machines we have
the skin the lymphatic and
gastrointestinal systems the kidneys the
liver they're all working together to
convert toxic substances that unto the
body into harmless things that your body
can either store or eliminate but the
best things you can do to boost your
well-being and maybe even improve your
long-term health outcomes are just sleep
don't drink too much don't smoke
exercise eat a balanced diet and these
don't come in magical pill form they
don't come in tea form you can't put
them on your face in a special cream at
the same time detoxing is a real process
for people suffering from substance
addiction the detox that you see on the
side of a shampoo bottle or vitamin
bottle that's marketing hype but there's
actual real legitimate medical detox
procedures for people who have levels of
alcohol or drugs or poisons in their
body that are too high and they need to
go through some kind of treatment to get
them back to levels that basically won't
kill them or overwhelm their organ
systems again it's not something you can
buy on the shelf at the grocery store or
pharmacy the bottom line is
over-the-counter detox products just
aren't supported by science and they can
actually be dangerous
more extreme detox as like colon
cleanses can deplete electrolytes to
dangerously low levels there have been
reports of perforations of the gut and
even death when people use these kinds
of products and the things that these
detox and cleanse products claim to
accomplish your body does those things
on its own so anytime you see words like
detox or cleanse on a product label
remember it's just marketing hype and
it's time we started treating it
accordingly one of the things we didn't
get into in this story is at Amazon one
of the world's largest retailers is
selling hundreds of detox products on
its site so everything from colon
cleansers to help you lose weight to
detox footpads teas so it's not just
when it pops you're selling this stuff
it's everywhere and it's a reminder of
how critical we need to be of health
claims it seemed too good to be true
