check out that giant calendar over there
this city was home to the tota con
people which archaeologists really don't
know a lot about don't really knows
where they went and how they were
destroyed it left this place totally
abandoned but they did leave us their
city and if you poke around the city and
look at the configuration of this huge
goes for 20 kilometers city you start to
see that they really prioritized keeping
track of time throughout the year and
the technology they used to do that was
there huge pyramids that they
constructed and the Sun the Stars the
mountains their entire city was built in
order to track the movement of the
celestial bodies
it's tough to that they just remodeled
from the womb to little credenza no I'm
not really principalmente they'll orient
in a special mustn't identify the
civilization was able to track time by
keeping track of whenever the Sun would
rise at the peak of one of these
mountains they aligned it so that the
Sun and the mountains would be a
perfectly aligned clock for them to see
what time of year was but today people
come here to this ruin to celebrate the
spring equinox which is important to
time for planting seeds and preparing
for the fertility of the land we don't
know how important is spring a box was
for this ancient civilization but they
did leave a few clues
suggests that it could have actually
been a really important day yes I'm a
lenient imperfecta then Sol con lucky
Ramirez answer was a las casas de
l√≠neas perfect romantic in the pyramid
and so not ENSO Menino Costa
tracking the celestial bodies wasn't
just about agriculture was also about
religious practices and ceremonies every
year at the same time they would perform
certain rituals that they would offer up
to their gods sometimes that was
terrible things like human sacrifices
animal sacrifices and the celestial
bodies helped them know when it was time
to do that this section is the top of
the city the highest point in this whole
valley you see all of these wide-open
closets and some people theorized that
these were meant to be filled with water
when it rain so that people could sit up
on the surrounding buildings and look
down and see the reflection of the stars
and they would do this so that they
could track the Stars and study the
constellations some people theorize that
this is how they were able to understand
the Stars and construct their city based
on constellations they don't know a lot
about these people like where they came
from what language they spoke where they
went in 600 AD when they kind of just
disappeared off the archaeological map
but we do know that they cared about
tracking the Sun and tracking the Stars
and their entire city was constructed
and configured in order to be able to do
that the borders documentaries are
finally launching up until now I've been
making these dispatches just little
videos while I've been traveling but all
of this has been to build six
documentaries I'm going to be publishing
the first borders documentary on October
17th and then publishing weekly
thereafter on Tuesdays the videos are
going to be publishing on Facebook and
YouTube and if you don't want to miss
the updates on when they publish you can
send it for the newsletter which I'm
putting the link down the description
really excited to share these with you
you should tune back October 17th to
watch the first one
