Celtic Cross finger-pointing stars David
as the wingdings font exists how many
people are sending crucial interoffice
memos that chronicled the saga of the
mailbox but it turns out that wingdings
has a purpose and a history that ties
back to the very beginning of printing
printing wasn't always typing it
involved manually setting every letter
and every word in every line on every
page just printing text was a tedious
process pretty text was a whole
different matter
so printers invented a shortcut enter
the dingbat dingbats were ornamental
pieces that could transform any page
from plain to ornate instead of making a
new piece of type slotting in a dingbat
decorated text efficiently we don't know
where the name came from it might be
from the Dutch word for thing or maybe
it's just what a piece of type sounds
like when it hits the floor but we do
know the purpose saving time beautifully
and those same limitations brought
dingbats to the modern era
you might recognize topographer Hermann
Zapf from Zaffino the gorgeous
calligraphic typeface that's showed up
on a lot of computers he was a bridge
between the old and new he embraced
computers but was such a talented
calligrapher that hallmark made an
entire movie about him in 1967 just to
watch him write that sense of history
and embrace of change led him to make
Zapf dingbats a classic dingbat font
designed in the late 70s just as
printers wanted to save time using
dingbats a generation of computer
typographers save time with dingbat Fonz
his protege Charles Bigelow and Chris
Holmes were inspired by him when they
created their own digital Dean bat font
lucida icons Stars and arrows Microsoft
bought the rights and called them
wingdings combining Windows dingbats and
the party-like feel of a wingding but
people missed the point from the
beginning in 1992 the New York Post
freaked out because typing NYC in
wingdings spelled what looked like an
anti-semitic message they changed it to
I heart New York in webdings
conspiracy theorists suddenly
had a new toy but when Dean's was never
intended to be type just like dingbats
it was meant to save time in an age when
pictures were hard to make wingdings was
in a way before its time it was the
offline predecessor of the emoji a way
to send messages quickly using pictures
and in that way it endures and that is
capital C capital C capital C I wanted
to know what Charles Bigelow's favorite
wingdings were so I asked it and he said
he was partial to these florins they're
the flowery dingbats that you see here
and he said that these were inspired at
least in part by some real flowers that
were growing in his and Chris Holmes's
garden the summer they designed what
would become wind beans
