every four years the Democrats and
Republicans they have these elaborate
presidential nominating conventions
these events are basically political
theater voters have already chosen the
nominee but until 1968 regular voters
had no say in who their party nominated
for president in 1952 1944 an ordinary
voter would just tune in at the
convention and say oh look who's being
nominated a few states had primaries but
they were basically meaningless people
called them beauty contests since they
had no effect on the nomination the
state Republican and Democratic parties
would send a group of voting
representatives called delegates to the
National Convention back then the party
bosses would basically tell the
delegates under their control which
candidate to nominate and everybody else
found out later and the papers are on TV
and they thought that this was
legitimate by the way there were no
cries of illegitimate see that is in the
1968 Democratic convention got so crazy
so chaotic that it paved the way for
massive changes and how both parties
pick their nominees behind the tumult
was a growing divide between the
Democratic Party and its voters liberals
were furious with the incumbent
President Lyndon Johnson over his
support for the Vietnam War so two
anti-war senators Eugene McCarthy and
Robert F Kennedy challenged Johnson for
the nomination I think the basic fact
and the basic lesson if we learned
anything from Vietnam is that we can't
go in and straighten out all of the
world with our own military force and
picked up primary votes throughout the
spring Johnson dropped out I shall not
see the nomination of my party for
another term as your president but then
his vice president Hubert Humphrey threw
his hat in the ring but Humphrey didn't
enter any primaries then around midnight
on June 5th 1968 left the party
from which he made his victory statement
over his win here in the California
frame when the party gathered in August
for its convention in Chicago the
delegates nominated Humphrey instead of
McCarthy I proudly accept the nomination
of our party
they picked the pro-war candidate who
hadn't even entered a single primary the
ordinary Democrats were stunned they
felt overruled by party bosses and
backroom deals one group calling itself
the youth international party held its
own convention where they nominated a
145-pound Pig
they named Pegasus the protest violence
and confusion all made the party look
pretty bad Humphrey ended up losing the
general election to the Republican
nominee Richard Nixon and afterwards the
Democrats realized that they needed to
change the way they picked their nominee
so they made new rules to make the
Democratic Party more well democratic
voters in each state would vote in
primaries or caucuses then at the
convention the delegates from that state
would have to cast their ballots based
on the results of those contests the
Republican Party made similar changes
and by 1980 primaries had replaced party
bosses so voters got a much bigger say
that is this system perfect um not at
all
come back for our episode next week
where we explain why so I want to
introduce you to one of the stars of our
primary series this is a political boss
who we based off of a real life machine
politician from the late 1800s named
boss tweed he was a democratic machine
politician out of New York City and he's
known for a quote he said I don't care
who does the electing so long as I get
to do the nominating it's boss tweed
thanks for watching and stay tuned for
the rest of our series box explains the
primary
