when Jimmy Carter left office one of his
big goals was eradicating this terrible
disease guinea worm anywhere up to tide
before I do and it looks like we're
really close to making that happen
his foundation in 1986 started a
campaign to kill off this really
horrific parasitic disease over the span
of 30 years we've gone from an estimated
3.5 million cases to 22 reported cases
in 2015 we hope and expect that within a
year or two there will be no more guinea
worm anywhere that's happened without a
vaccine it's happened without a new drug
it was an incredible public health
success the guinea worm is a really
devastating parasite that is contracted
when people consume bad drinking water
the worm can grow to about a meter or so
about three feet long they don't know
that this more room is growing inside of
them the real obvious I've done is when
the worm breaks through the skin and
starts coming out the only treatment is
wrapping the worm around a stick and
pulling it out inch by inch every day
for weeks there's no drugs there's no
vaccines you can't work you can't go to
school it's quite painful and when
people are in pain with this worm coming
out of their body though sometimes go to
like a local lake or water source put
their foot in it that releases more
larvae into the water people drink the
water they consume the larva the larva
mate with each other and the whole
psychologist starts again without drugs
or vaccines that Carter Foundation was
tasked with coming up with affordable
ways of preventing the disease one
strategy was keeping infected people
away from the water source they employed
elderly African men in the villages
where they were having these outbreaks
to kind of be water source guards
another one was encouraging people to
filter their water so providing filter
materials that are necessary to get the
larvae out of the water the other thing
they would do is very closely monitor
where outbreaks are happening and really
control an outbreak before it gets too
seeing an incredibly pervasive disease
shrink from 3.5 million cases to only 22
in a lifetime is incredibly remarkable
the list of eradicated diseases is very
short it's basically like smallpox
we've never eradicated a parasitic
disease before so we've we do that this
is really unprecedented and it leaves
them with this remarkable Public Health
legacy
