every few months this debate flares up
it's about women who work which is to
say most women about how tough it can be
to succeed at work and still feel like a
good mom and we often ask what can
government's of corporations do to
promote work family balance but what if
we started thinking smaller what if one
part of the solution was men doing more
at home between 1950 and 2000 the share
of women in the u.s. workforce jumped
from 34% to 60% but women were still
expected to do most of the work when it
came to raising kids and running a house
the second shift of women working and
taking care of the home was very
stressful for the family that stress is
partially what led to the trope of the
frazzled working mom I don't know how
she does it people started to blame
working women for the high divorce rates
in the 1970s and 80s and now with fewer
people getting married and having kids
it's still popular to pit working women
against family do you all think working
moms still get treated unfairly
but while the stress of the second shift
may have contributed to divorce at first
things are changing
new research is showing that men and
women who share responsibilities at home
are happier than those in more
traditional marriages where men become
more involved in the family they're more
attractive as a partner they are less
likely to divorce they're more likely to
have children heterosexual couples in
which men do more household chores are
less likely to divorce and the more time
men spend with their children the more
satisfied both partners say they are
with the relationship take couples who
have kids but aren't married in those
relationships men who are more involved
with caring for the kids were more
likely to make the transition to
marriage compared with those who were
less involved so maybe some day that
iconic frazzled working mom trope will
go the way of the 50s housewife a symbol
of a time when women and men
we're trapped inside a narrow definition
of what it meant to be a partner and a
parent
