On January 2nd an armed group of men
seized unoccupied buildings on a federal
wildlife refuge in Oregon we're out here
because the people have been abused long
enough saying they want to use the
refuge as a base and to live in it
indefinitely with their guns we need to
bring their arms and we need you to come
to the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge
we're prepared to be out here for a long
tube and donated snacks basically they
want the government to turn over
federally owned land to local ranchers
loggers and miners but these aren't
locals in fact that guy Ammon Bundy his
father cliven had a similar armed
standoff with the government in 2014
over cattle grazing rights I want to
tell you one more thing I know about the
mega evolve and wanted know whether they
better off as slaves picking cotton I
have a family life and dude think are
they better off under government subsidy
now Bundy sons are trying to promote the
cause of to Oregon ranchers Dwight and
Steven Hammond they were convicted for
arson in 2012 for setting fire to public
land they were sentenced for federal
arson under a terrorism statute which
carries a mandatory minimum of five
years but the judge didn't impose that
minimum so the Hammonds have already
been to prison and now are headed back
after a federal judge intervened
so this mob is trying to stand for them
we've highly not this tyranny you are
going to leave it alone it will not
change of course it's exceedingly
unlikely their demands will be met
politicians on both sides of the aisle
have denounced their actions we don't
have a constitutional right to use force
and violence and to threaten force and
violence on
the government's response has been so
far cool-headed
the FBI has indicated they're working
with local law enforcement officials to
resolve the situation of course
non-white unarmed protesters have had a
very different experience with police
over the past couple years but there's a
reason the government hasn't rushed in
guns blazing and the reason is in the
history of other standoffs at previous
standoffs like Ruby Ridge in 1992 and
Waco in 1993 scores of people were
killed after the FBI and US Marshals
used force in the Oklahoma City bombing
which killed 168 innocent people was
according to the bomber Timothy McVeigh
a response to the federal government's
violent reaction during these standoffs
after that bombing public support for
the government's action at Waco dropped
from 70 percent to 42 percent the
government decided to take a different
approach in future armed standoffs in
1996 the government besieged a Montana
group called the Fremen after 81 days
not a single shot was fired the
government also backed down during that
cliven Bundy Nevada standoff in 2014 in
2015 1137 people were killed in the US
by law enforcement
let's hope it's fewer in 2016
you
Oh
