this is the Operation Ivy nuclear test
in 1952 and this is using a level for a
really nice masonry on your fallout
shelter
it's from 1960s Walt builds a family
fallout shelter the idea was that you
deck out your basement so you'd be safe
when the bomb went off and this happened
well this finishes my fallout shelter
yes Walt is smoking a pipe the federal
agency that made this film in the
agencies that preceded it helped craft
the domestic response to nuclear
Armageddon in the 1950s and 60s fallout
shelters like these were in inescapable
part of Cold War culture in America
promising a place to hide from the
radioactive fallout federal agencies
promoted them presidents advocated them
and the effects are still around today
this is the garage in my urban
Washington DC apartment building and
it's a designated fallout shelter that's
the sign right here on my pointing
that's the sign yes got it there were
almost a thousand designated fallout
shelters in Washington DC and they're a
reminder of the fallout shelter boom
both in public fallout shelters like
this one and in private ones where
people gave a lot of Tours like this one
all out culture isn't just awkward
though it is that it brings up some
questions today like where did this
stuff come from
and were duck-and-cover drills and des
crouching in canned water and fallout
shelters worth the Cold War paranoia
they helped fuel how did this happen
fortunately there are means of
protecting ourselves
amudha any of it have actually worked
folks here is a message from the
Honorable vo a director of the Office of
civil and defense mobilizing you've just
seen how Walsh has built a family
fallout shelter in his own home no
Hallman amuck is modern without a family
fallout shelter this is the new puree to
understand how we reached that vision of
bunkered down modernity you have to
understand the timeline of civil defense
the 1950s and early 60s weren't just one
period they were a few different eras
that we mushed together because of Cold
War Kitsch timing matters in 1933
Franklin Roosevelt created a pre nuclear
Council that coordinated some emergency
programs as World War two heated up
civil defense grew turning into the
office of civil defense planning in 1949
civil defense became more urgent when
the Soviet Union tested a nuclear bomb
the stakes became higher so after more
bureaucratic ships Congress created the
federal civil defense administration
which was meant to help guide the states
in defense at home and that's the name
you see at the beginning of 1951 Duck
and Cover as stupid as that seems a
movie about a nuclear paranoiac turtle
named Burt wasn't that foolish ducking
and covering would help provide some
protection at the time the Soviet
nuclear threat was terrifying but their
bomb was relatively limited in range and
would be dropped by a plane which meant
we'd see them coming you may be in your
schoolyard playing when a signal comes
running inside might make a difference
or even ducking and covering but that
explosion in the beginning of this video
that actually came after Duck and Cover
it's from the United States 1952 test of
the hydrogen bomb which was more
powerful than any weapon that came
before it
remember those final last seconds
three two one t0
this is the largest fireball of a
produced at its maximum it measures
about 3 and 1/4 miles in diameter
the fireball alone would engulf about
1/4 of the island of Manhattan later
figures put the might yield at around 10
megatons or 10,000 kilotons this means
there was more energy released in this
one shot roughly ten times more than in
all previous atomic blasts combined
including probably those of Russian
origin
or to put it another way four times more
power in this one shot than from all the
high explosives dropped by the entire
anglo-american air force on Germany in
the occupied countries during the last
war then the Soviets claimed to tested
their own hydrogen bomb in 1953 and
duck-and-cover became outdated the FC da
questioned its own relevance coupled
with the Eisenhower administration's
preference for evacuation and military
deterrence the organization's head
briefly considered its elimination but
another hydrogen bomb test in 1954
revealed a greater threat the width of
the fireball at this time about three
seconds after detonation was four miles
but it was the fallout that Americans
noticed it is now known that fallout
from the larger castle shops blanketed
areas of more than five thousand square
miles with radioactive material that
would have been lethal to unprotected
personnel
in America this new awareness of fallout
force civil defense to pivot you need to
know about fallout what is this fallout
anyhow just bits of radioactive the
mushroom cloud of the nuclear explosion
and the FC DA and subsequent offices of
civil defense recommended finding refuge
the goal is the adequate fallout
shelters face for every man woman and
child they started with recommendations
to evacuate to public fallout shelters
but the 1957 Soviet development of an
intercontinental ballistic missile made
even evacuation outdated unlike in the
era of planes there'd be little warning
of a strike there were big fallout
shelter proposals but the Eisenhower
administration balked at charts like
this one from 1957 s Gaither report the
sweet spot for fallout Protection seen
here would cost an untenable twenty five
billion dollars the government didn't
want to pay that for fallout shelters
but they also couldn't kill civil
defense in 1958 Eisenhower's national
shelter policy was simple do it yourself
because we don't want to bother the
result telling people to build their own
fallout shelters like in this 1960 film
we all have a responsibility to help
every member of the family should
understand radioactive fallout and how
to protect himself from it that paired
with those aw shucks nuclear devastation
of everything we know and love
preparation videos like Walt's if we
should ever have a nuclear war we could
get a heavy fallout even though we were
not anywheres near the target area but
took one last push to get us here
I was in Washington DC we bring you now
an address by the President of the
United States John F Kennedy an attack
upon that city will be regarded john f
kennedy's 1961 speech about the Soviet
blockade of West Berlin intensified the
Cold War military growth was a goal but
the speech was also a platform to
announce a shift in civil defense policy
tomorrow following media objective to
identify and mark space in existing
structures public and private it could
be used for fallout shelters in case of
attack Kennedy requested the civil
defense budget increased to about two
hundred and seven million dollars which
was much less than the twenty five
billion dollars recommended in the gala
report but it did mark a change in
emphasis it was part preparation part
message to the Soviet Union that the US
could survive an attack he reorganized
the agency yet again the government had
stalked a number of public fallout
shelters though the effort was
scattershot some people made their own
home versions then you can rest assured
that no matter what the fallout threat
in the future you and your family will
be ready for it so would any of this
have actually worked let's go upstairs
in 1961 the Soviets tested Tsar Bomba
largest bomb ever was more than 50
megatons historian Alex wellerstein
created a tool called nuke map that lets
you simulate what historical bombs would
look like had they detonated over
various cities put in tsar bomba and
washington d.c and you get
this the entire city would be gone
destroyed the initial blast the
subsequent firestorm forget about
radioactive fallout that fallout shelter
in my basement would not exist all those
urban fallout shelters would probably
collapse in a massive nuclear exchange
in beyond those cities more than 100
million people living well beyond the
destructive range of blast and heat
could be subjected to dangerous or
deadly amounts of radiation from fallout
Walt out in the suburbs might survive in
his fallout shelter but he'd emerge in a
country where all the major metropolitan
areas were husks this chart shows the
decline in civil defense spending during
the Johnson administration due both to
JFK's assassination and the buildup in
Vietnam civil defense agencies limped
along with enough money to survive and
run programs publish pamphlets and make
some videos but they didn't make a
meaningful commitment to a fallout
shelter nation the fallout shelter was a
place to hide from the bomb and
radioactivity but it was also a place to
hide from the truth that there was no
good plan there were only different ways
to wait this is the new current
so if Haney now with Burt the turtle
didn't depress you too much we've made
another video where I watched the
entirety of duck and cover provides some
additional research and an opportunity
to laugh at those kids diving into the
floor
you
