this is the first Apple computer mouse
it came with apples $10,000 Lisa
computer and it was designed by a
product design consulting firm that
would eventually become known as I do
the assignment was straightforward they
had to take the computer mouse a $400
device at the time and bring it down to
under 35 bucks and make it
mass-producible and reliable and above
all it needed to be simple we controlled
Lisa by pointing to these images on the
screen with this unique item called a
mouse fast-forward about 30 years an
idea doesn't really create products
anymore they transition to designing
networks and experiences things like Los
Angeles's voting system and the Red
Cross's method for finding donors even
entire schools so what is making a
computer mouse have to do with creating
a school system from scratch it turns
out quite a lot
the world we live in is one where really
the complex things are the things that
are mostly broken not the simple things
we have lots of great products lots of
beautiful products lots of products we
can use every day of everything from you
know furniture to tableware to consumer
electronics they're mostly pretty good
right now and yes there's opportunity to
do better and do more but I'm interested
in the things that don't work very well
and the things that you can impact
society with and they're mostly the more
complex things back in 1971 a designer
named victor papinek wrote a book called
design for the real world the premise
was pretty simple creators could take
some of the same design strategies from
the creation of industrial products and
use them to tackle problems like
pollution and overcrowding and food
shortages by 2001 IDO had done just that
pivoting from products to real world
experiences but the design steps Tim
Brown says they say just about the same
the first piece is observing the world
in order to ask an interesting question
right I mean and you can observe the
world in lots of different ways when we
talk about human centered design we're
really talking about is observing the
way humans live their lives and asking
interesting questions about hey why does
somebody do this and not that or why
somebody's struggling with this problem
why why is it hard for somebody to open
that struggle why are they struggling to
open that jam jar lid well so maybe I
could redesign the jam jar lid alright
or maybe I could give them a tool to
help them right so so why is this
happening so the first step is that
looking at the world and coming up with
good question for making a mouse that
means watching how people use computers
and observing what they want and what
they don't for designing a school that
meant spending a month in Peru meeting
with students and parents teachers
investors government and business
leaders to address needs like academic
planning modular classroom space
accessible technology and affordable
tuition the next step is taking all the
insights you have about those questions
and starting to imagine ideas like
here's what I could do is what I might
imagine doing better or differently so
that's what we often call ideation or
idea making
then come to the fun part you test it
out right at the beginning of the
process that might be a really simple
cardboard model or a quick sketch or if
it's digital it might be a quick digital
simulation or something did you try it
out with people sometimes those drafts
can be pretty rough
the first prototype for the mouse was a
roll-on deodorant stick and a butter
dish from a Palo Alto Walgreens and you
test it and seize it and it doesn't work
okay so I needed week to rethink my idea
and I'd do it again right and this is
where the iteration comes in right you
you learn from the prototype you realize
what's not working or maybe it's a
crummy idea you have to go back and find
a new idea again and you go through that
loop over and over again asking the
question having ideas prototyping
learning and until you get to something
that truly meets some of these needs or
a set of people's needs now the only
that the last bit of the process which
which arguably happens in that iteration
or so is the storytelling piece right
because always you're trying to explain
to people why your why your idea is
interesting I think what you need to
design a complex system is not one brain
you need lots of reins you need lots of
brains with different perspectives
different creative contributions that
you make working together to get to an
outcome that is that is literally rich
enough and sophisticated enough to be
able to behave like a system instead of
being like an object
