Barack Obama recently became the first
sitting president to ever visit one of
these an American prison and the
president used the occasion to call out
a particularly poorly designed policy at
the heart of our criminal justice system
a primary driver of this mass
incarceration phenomenon is our drug
laws our mandatory minimum sentencing
around drug laws mandatory minimums
require judges to hand out specific
sentences for certain crimes deemed
uniquely harmful to society so under
federal law using say a chemical weapon
to kill someone automatically gets you
life in prison or and this is true
tampering with the telegraph line will
get to 5 years federal minimums are
supplemented by state laws Louisiana for
instance requires a four-year prison
sentence for LSD possession but the
species of minimums now being singled
out for reform were birthed at the
height of the drug war in the mid 80s a
drug so pure and so strong my justice
will be called crack of doom take the
package we brought forward dresses a
quote drug problem in 1986 Congress
passed a sprawling criminal justice bill
a central feature of which was a
mandatory sentencing disparity punishing
crack violations much more harshly than
those for powder cocaine you have 500
grams powder and still get probation 5
grams crack you get 5 years mandatory
minimum
that difference has had catastrophic be
racially disparate effects 80% of the
crack defendants were african-american
these effects it prompted critics to
decry excessive crack minimums is purely
the products of Reagan era or white
supremacy but that narrative is ever so
slightly complicated by this should not
allow people to be able to distribute
this poison without fear congressman
Rangel along with much of the black
political leadership was a key advocate
for erecting these laws in the first
place they should be caged like wild
animals because that's what they are we
are not going to be put back into
slavery by own people this minimum
sentencing regime has proven to be a
grotesque case study and unintended
consequences there are thousands of
stories just like this Weldon Angelo's
was a 22 year old aspiring music
producer and father of two young boys
someone gets snapped up on a low-level
nonviolent drug offense his crime
carrying a gun in selling 24 ounces of
pot the presiding judge is forced to
apply a devastating arithmetic in which
minor violations exponentially add up to
a gigantic prison term Weldon Angela's a
sent to prison for 55 years I think well
that wasn't the right thing to do and
the system forced me to do it at a 55
you sentence is not going to do anything
more than a 5 or 10-year sentence would
have done except swear life
fortunately the notion that harsh
minimums could seriously dampen the drug
trade has collapsed in light of the
manifest failures of the drug war and
that's opened up real political space
for serious bipartisan reform we've got
a lot of people in prison frankly that
really in my view I really don't need to
be there and the few remaining defenders
of the status quo have been left to
regurgitate magnificently unpersuasive
talking points like this mandatory
minimums ensure that the right sentences
are going to the r equate the level of
violator that we are we are going after
you
