when you talk about foreign policy it's
important and issue as any is the issue
of climate change if you talk to the CIA
and if you talk to the Department of
Defense that I have what they will tell
you is that one of the great security
issues facing this planet is the fact
that as we see more and more droughts as
poor people around the world are unable
to grow the food they need to survive
you're gonna see migrations of people
and international climate and I happen
to believe that when you talk about
foreign policy at the very top of the
list is the needs of the United States
to lead the world to work with China
work with Russia work with India in
transforming our energy system away from
fossil fuels and into energy efficiency
and sustainable energy this is not just
a quote unquote
environmental issue this is also in a
global national security issue as well
it is an international crisis and I have
to tell you without being overtly
political yeah it is an embarrassment to
me that we have a major political party
called the Republican Party which with
few exceptions refuses to even recognize
the reality of climate change let alone
is prepared to do anything about it that
is an embarrassment that you have a
major party refusing to listen to
science do you believe we need to price
carbon yes will you do it through a
carbon tax or captain's rank carbon tax
it's the simple and direct way to do it
and I've introduced legislation with
Senator box of the de Geste I look we
have got to come up and answer a simple
question on the scientists right or are
they wrong if they are right they are
telling us that the planet Earth will be
five to ten degrees warmer by the end of
this century Fahrenheit that will cause
cataclysmic changes there's a drought
extreme weather disturbances rising sea
levels acidification of the ocean
international conflict if they are right
I believe they are right we have got to
move in a very very bold way we have to
do it yesterday
you
