serena williams is good at tennis really
good she's won the French Open the US
Open WTA Tour Championship and Olympic
golds and a lot of people say she's the
best female player of all time but for
her entire career she's been followed by
a dark cloud of racism and sexism the
first instance a lot of fans will
remember was the 2001 tournament in
Indian Wells California Serena and her
sister Venus were booed by fans who
accuse them of match-fixing keep in mind
that tennis fans are typically well
behaved then according to the Williams
family things got worse Serena said she
heard people shouting the n-word and
then she heard someone tell her to go
back to Compton what's crazy is that
even after that first incident these
comments didn't stop and it's not just
racial slurs a lot of the language used
to praise Williams skill is also based
in racial stereotypes example Peter
Larkins a sports doctor in Australia try
to explain Williams win by saying it's
the African American race they just have
this huge gluteal strength with Serena
that's her physique and genetics she's
had to deal with a ton of bizarre
scrutiny of her body that taps into the
politics of racism and sexism for some
commentators that has meant stripping
her of her femininity the President of
the Russian tennis federation infamously
called the Williams sisters brothers
others have sexualized her body one
writer decided he should comment on the
size of her breasts another said that
her butt was bigger than he preferred
there was even this incident in 2012 or
Danish tennis player Caroline Wozniacki
mocks Williams body by stuffing her top
and tennis skirt with towels at an
exhibition match people have also linked
her sexual ization to that of a woman
who was called the Hottentot Venus her
name Sarah Baartman and she was an
African woman who was put on display
basically as a freak show exhibit for
Europeans
unlike most other tennis stars
Williams's incredible career has been
surrounded by racism and sexism and
that's why her wins often feel like
victories over these things as much as
over her opponents
you
