I've had to make statements like this
too many times we don't have all the
facts but we do know that once again
innocent people were killed in part
because someone who wanted to inflict
harm had no trouble getting their hands
on a gun it may be hard to comprehend
the twisted logic that led to this
tragedy but this much we do know no
faith justifies these murderous and
Craven acts no just and loving God looks
upon them with favor already we've seen
a national conversation commence not
only about the motivations behind these
killings but about everything from the
merits of gun safety laws to the
adequacy of our mental health system
then all across this land of ours we
have wept with you whatever measure of
comfort we can provide we will provide
there gonna be other days for politics
this I think is a day for prayer and
reflection as president I have now
grieved with five American communities
ripped apart by mass violence and these
mass shootings occur against a backdrop
of daily tragedies as an epidemic of gun
violence tears apart communities across
America any shooting is troubling
obviously this reopens the pain of what
happened in for 35 years ago at some
point we as a country will have to
reckon with the fact that this type of
mass violence does not happen in other
advanced countries and at some point
it's going to be important for the
American people to come to grips with it
and for us to be able to shift how we
think about the issue of gun violence
collectively
