in 1927 Time magazine took a survey of
all the major department stores across
the country they wanted to know which
colors they associated with girls in
their clothing lines the answers came
back pretty mixed there's also a catalog
in 1918 that suggests that little girls
should all wear blue because it's a
delicate and dainty color that's
Jennifer right she's an author and often
writes about history and fashion for
racks it was only after the war that
pink got the symbolic association that
we have today in 1953 Dwight Eisenhower
the general who won World War two
becomes president and this actually
turns out to be a pretty important
moment in the history of pink
it was Ike's inauguration and Mamie
Eisenhower came out in this enormous
rhinestone studded pink ballgown the
likes of which you never would have seen
during the war when women were wearing
much simpler styles Mamie Eisenhower
loved the color pink and she was known
for it she thought that the pink really
brought out her complexion she'd really
pretty blue eyes with a nice contrast in
fact a quick search of newspaper
headlines mentioning Mamie Eisenhower
also referenced the color pink pretty
frequently and it wasn't just called
pink it was called Mamie pink and she
went around giving quotes like I grunts
a country I turned the pork chops but
yeah it was a very arbitrary decision
that she just loved pink and everybody
else decided okay this is the color that
ladylike women wear there's a great song
being funny-face called pink pink hey
where the lady editor of a magazine who
is very much based off of Diana Vreeland
sings about how women in America today
have got to think pink there's a great
line in it where she says which are two
colors that women would have been seeing
a lot of during the warriors around this
time pink became a popular color not
only
in just women's clothing but also in the
home pink as a bridal blush new cam a
loving pink cam a with an exciting new
fragrance sealed in pink pearl foil new
loving pink cami this was something a
lot of women liked by the way it wasn't
seen as a terribly oppressive thing but
there were definitely women like Diana
Vreeland who didn't really want to
revert to those traditional rules I
haven't said anything but P it was at
this point where you start to see the
color pink representing women real and
fictional who were anything but
traditional the champion racecar driver
Donna Mae Mims is a really good example
of this she had a pink uniform and a
pink helmet and a pink racecar
there's the Pink Ladies in grease and
the plastics and Mean Girls the girls
who are incredibly canny and kind of
terrifying rightly explained on
Wednesdays we wear pink there's a great
cover of Hillary Clinton on the cover of
People magazine wearing a bright pink
jacket and the caption next to it is how
we need to break the highest hardest
glass ceiling as women so she's pretty
much doing the opposite of what Mamie
Eisenhower wanted to do this isn't just
about the color pink it's about how it's
used to define a person's personality
and what we think they're capable of she
still wants to show people that really
I'm just just a girl just like you
you
