we are 15 years into this new century 15
years that dawned with terror touching
our shores that unfolded with a new
generation fighting two long and costly
Wars that saw a vicious recession spread
across our nation and the world it has
been and still is a hard time for many
but tonight we turn the page tonight
the shadow of crisis has passed and the
State of the Union is strong middle
class economics works expanding
opportunity works and these policies
will continue to work as long as
politics don't get in the way
that's why my plan will make quality
child care more available and more
affordable for every middle-class and
low-income family with young children in
America by creating more slots and a new
tax cut of up to $3,000 per child per
year and everyone in this Congress who
still refuses to raise the minimum wage
I say this if you truly believe you
could work full-time and support a
family on less than $15,000 a year try
it and that's why I'm sending this
Congress a bold new plan to lower the
cost of Community College to zero let's
close loopholes so we stop rewarding
companies that keep profits abroad and
reward those that invest here in America
let's use those savings to rebuild our
infrastructure we can use that money to
help more families pay for child care
and send their kids to college of course
if there's one thing this new century
has taught us is that we cannot separate
our work here at home from challenges
beyond our shores instead of sending
large ground forces overseas we're
partnering with nations from South Asia
to North Africa to deny safe haven to
terrorists who threaten America last
year mr. Putin's aggression it was
suggested was a masterful display of
strategy and strength that's what I
heard from some folks
well today it is America that stands
strong and United with our allies while
Russia is isolated with its economy in
tatters and on Cuba we are ending a
policy that was long past its expiration
date when what you're doing doesn't work
for 50 years it's time to try something
new the Pentagon says that climate
change poses immediate risks to our
national security we should act like it
just over a decade ago I gave a speech
in Boston where I said there wasn't a
liberal America or a conservative
America
a black America or white America but a
United States of America over the past
six years the pundits have pointed out
more than once that my presidency hasn't
delivered on this vision but I still
think the cynics are wrong I've seen
something like gay marriage go from a
wedge issue used to drive us apart to a
story of freedom across our country a
civil right now legal in states that
seven in ten Americans call home
so the question for those of us here
tonight is how we all of us can better
reflect America's holds a better
politics is one where we appeal to each
other's basic decency instead of our
basest fears a better politics is one
where we debate without demonizing each
other I have no more campaigns to run my
only agenda
I know because I won both them my only
agenda for the next two years is the
same as the one I've had since the day I
sworn oath on the steps of this Capitol
to do what I believe is best for America
thank you
god bless you god bless this country
good luck
