we're a pretty dangerous mobile outbreak
not just because the outbreak itself is
so bad though it really is really
something we're worrying about me but
because it is getting us so afraid that
we are beginning to consider doing
things that are really steep really make
the other reports one of those things is
a travel ban many on the right coin for
an all a travel ban and it comes from
and understand them really dangerous
misconception about what about Ebola is
dangerous to us the way to stop in the
way they were warm to stop it is not
keeping me why west because we will
never do that a big enough scale and
every time you've tried travel bans
before it if you have try them a bunch
of times before twenty two years ago and
a decision rooted in fear rather than
fact the United States instituted a
travel ban for people living with
hiv/aids all they do is delay this is
the key to stopping Ebola in America is
stopping in English Africa and in order
to do that you can't do things like a
travel ban they make it harder for us to
get longer than the resources there you
can't do things to make people who have
Ebola one behind shouldn't be freaking
out about all isolating cases we can
stop those what we can stop is a
situation where you bully gets 200,000
over five million infections in Africa
and Asia the scariest thing that I've
learned about Ebola it's it for every
four cases we know about there are six
it must ever be that we don't know about
those cases are the dangerous ones
anything that makes people were afraid
to go to a hospital and say yeah I was
with some beautiful and I'm feeling
flourishing that's really dangerous we
need to create enough resources in West
Africa to stop the outbreak we need to
create a culture where people aren't
afraid to go and get care and we do be
putting our best minds and our energy
and our policy into stopping Ebola there
in order to keep it from ever becoming
