if you were to take a big flat rigid map
of the United States and rested on
something sharp and pointy and if every
person in the United States weigh the
same the mean center of population is
exactly where that map would balance the
census comes out with this figure every
10 years
it seems meaningless on its surface but
really that one little point carries in
it a lot of information about how our
population is moving the first mean
center of population was in Kent County
Maryland in the 1800s when the US was
adding on States all the time and people
were moving out west all the time the
center sped West a big influx of
European immigrants in the Northeast
plus movement of southern blacks to the
north in the early 1900s put on the
brakes tacking on Alaska and Hawaii
later in the century it started to pull
it out west a bit more but but also it
started to move south a bit particularly
in recent years part of that is because
of a booming Latino population in the
southeast and in Texas and part of that
is economic factors like the growth of
the Texas oil industry one other thing
air conditioning the growth of air
conditioning some experts say has made
the south more livable today the mean
Center is just near Plato Missouri which
in 2010 had just 109 people so though
that's the center of population it's not
at all a population center
you
