what happened to Eric Cantor last night
is the rarest of things in American
politics it was a genuine earthquake
Eric Cantor beaten by a political
unknown because no one was prepared for
it its effect it's gonna be massive huge
is an understatement yeah why did he
lose the big issue was immigration that
if you really dig into the numbers it
wasn't a massive event it was a very
tiny one Eric Cantor's loss comes down
to 36,000 people in a country of 300
million people in a district of 750,000
people 36,000 people 5% of his district
voted for his opponent 5% what you're
gonna hear a lot is theories the field
of people big enough to do justice to
such a momentous event in American
politics but the problem is the way
American politics works is it it has
these very tiny but very very important
primary elections what happens in them
can change the course of not just
election but of American history if
there's one lesson that is just
completely clear in last night's
election no matter how big you get in
American politics you can't forget how
to run a campaign on Tuesday morning
Eric Cantor wasn't in his district
getting out the vote he was here in DC
as Starbucks meeting with lobbyists he
was fundraising he thought he was so
safe his internal poll showed him up by
30 points so he had totals that were bad
and then a get out the vote operation
that didn't work and it doesn't matter
how big you are it doesn't matter how
important air it doesn't even matter how
good you are if you can't run a good
campaign if you can't do the most
fundamental act of American politics
smaller you're gonna lose your election
