michael cohen president Trump's former
personal lawyer and fixer pleaded guilty
to eight federal charges involving 1.4
million dollars of tax evasion but that
wasn't all mr. Cohen called guilty - to
campaign finance charges what he did was
he worked to pay money to silence two
women who had information that he
believed would be detrimental to the
2016 campaign and to the candidate and
the campaign it was a stunningly
directed mission given that Cohen and
the president previously told several
conflicting stories about these payments
first Trump said he didn't know anything
about his lawyer Michael Cohen paying
off stormy Daniels
but then the story changed Michael would
represent me and represent me on some
things he represents me like with this
crazy stormy Daniels deal he represented
me in Rudy Giuliani changed that story
again have it having having something to
do with paying some stormy Daniels woman
130,000 I mean which is gonna turn out
to be perfectly legal see the crux of
the stormy Daniel scandal was never the
alleged extramarital sex between a
pornstar and the president it was the
money Congress passed a series of
campaign finance and ethics laws in the
1970s prompted by Watergate and Nixon's
resignation the intent was threefold to
prevent corruption to make government
open and transparent and to limit
influence from special interests it was
B's laws that were violated when in late
October 2016 Cohen delivered one hundred
and thirty thousand dollars of hush
money to Stephanie Clifford better known
as stormy Daniels campaign finance laws
limit contributions and require
candidates report them to the Federal
Election Commission but this money was
never properly reported Cohen originally
argued that he didn't need to report it
because it was not a campaign
contribution but from the beginning it
was hard to argue that the money wasn't
on some level being used to influence
the outcome of the election for one the
timing of the payment is extremely
relevant it came just weeks before the
general election and right on the heels
of perhaps the Trump campaigns biggest
scandal anyone you're a star they let
you do it you can do anything whatever
you want grab them by the pussy at the
time campaign finance experts said that
the timing raised questions and that it
strongly suggests it was related to the
election Cohen also negotiated the
payment using his Trump business email
another campaign finance violation
Koen already pleaded guilty but what
does this actually mean for Trump
well first it's worth noting that sadly
the Trump campaigns failure to disclose
isn't unique more than one-third of
candidates running in primaries on June
5th of 2018 didn't file on time or make
public their financial disclosures so
while the formal complaint was filed in
January 2018 the FEC is both notoriously
slow and historically gridlocked when it
comes to acting on such cases according
to one analysis by the Center for Public
Integrity it is very likely that the FEC
won't rule on the complaint until after
the 2020 presidential election so it's
possible Trump wouldn't even be
president by the time they make their
call the most likely end result if one
was ever reached that found Trump's
campaign at fault is a fine and fine
amounts are only small fractions of what
campaigns spend in elections in 2016
when Trump ran the average fine was
about $20,000
by comparison Trump spent 322 million
dollars on his campaign and politicians
regularly just ignore these fines they
face very few consequences the FEC has
failed to collect 1.3 million dollars in
fines from more than 160 candidates or
committees in fact campaign finance
violations are far more likely to be
enforced through criminal investigations
like the one that centered on and
ultimately felt Cohen that may be the
reason that Trump and his lawyers have
been so cavalier about this scandal but
now that Cohen who once said he'd take a
bullet for Trump has pleaded guilty that
attitude may change Cohen is likely
going to jail for these crimes but the
biggest unanswered question is whether
the president is also accountable for
them just after the guilty plea was
announced Cohen's lawyer took to Twitter
writing he testified under oath that
Donald Trump directed him to commit a
crime
if those payments were a crime for
Michael Cohen then why wouldn't they be
a crime
Donald Trump
you
