in 2008 violinist Philip Quint was
flying back to New York from a concert
in Dallas
he took a taxi from the Newark Airport
to Manhattan and before he could take
his violin out the car pulled away was
probably the scariest and most
devastating experience of my life
the cab driver returned the instrument a
few hours later but the incident scarred
philippe for good reason this wasn't
just any violin he left in the cab this
was a Stradivarius violin worth over
four million dollars that's on loan to
him it's like losing part of yourself
you know it's like somebody cut off your
hand and especially given the fact it's
not your hand this hand already was
belonging to someone else even if you're
not a musician like me you've probably
still heard of a Stradivarius violin try
to various Stradivarius a Stradivarius I
mean an original Stradivarius there's
some of the most famous string
instruments in the world and some of the
most renowned musicians have declared
their love for them this instrument has
a soul and it has an imagination is not
a tool it is it is a part it's a total
extension of me Strads as they're
sometimes called are incredibly valuable
and can be worth up to 16 million
dollars but are they actually worth it I
headed up to Lincoln Center to meet
Michelle Kim to find out I am the
assistant constant master of the New
York Philharmonic
the characteristic of a Strad in general
is that it has a silvery tone and it
creates this incredibly sweet tone so if
you were
for me the Strad has a sweet quality to
it but also able to take some blows so
if I were to play something really hard
and versus you know something by playing
on my daughter's instrument I would have
to
that's kind of hard to to make that
sound come out but you would lose the
quality that you you're actually looking
for the source of a Strads brilliant
sound can be traced back to its maker
artisan Antonio Stradivari was a luthier
or violin maker who lived in cremona
Italy in the late 17th and early 18th
centuries he crafted these string
instruments for most of his life and
produced an estimated 1100 instruments
in his lifetime but only about 650
survived today these instruments are
rare and there's a long tradition of
nicknaming them the three hundred and
ten year old violin that philippe plays
is called ruby by google the gemstone
the ruby and the description i think was
that it's a stone of passion and mystery
and immediately i attributed these
qualities to this violin and to this day
i really feel that it's true
for generations musicians have claimed
that Strads have a superior sound modern
violins but can most people actually
tell the difference researchers in Paris
performed a double-blind study with
professional violinists to see if they
could tell the difference between old
Italian violins like Strads
and new violins they had musicians wear
very cool sunglasses while they played
multiple instruments from each era
the study found that even elite
musicians couldn't reliably tell which
violins were old and which were new and
maybe more surprisingly most of them
actually preferred the sound of the new
violins over the Strads one measure of
importance is how much influence makers
had in Wolens had more influence and
Stradivari this is joseph Curtin one of
the researchers behind the study and a
violin maker himself so the question is
is there some lost secret that's
something that he knew how to do that no
one never been able to figure out in
order to explain some mysterious call
idea to a song and I think the answer is
whoa but maybe the worth of a Strad
isn't wrapped up in its sound alone
Michels violin has been passed down
through generations of violinists for
almost 300 years from the Duke of
Cambridge to the German composer Louis
Spohr to EUR le Corelli the founder of
the New York Philharmonic
it is literally a Link to the Past it is
a piece of history that you are holding
I feel like this violin is Venu York
Philharmonic because it has existed as
long as the New York Philharmonic has
it's been amazing to be a part of this
stress life
you
