yep that's me you're probably wondering
how I ended up in this situation to see
how I got here we first have to talk
about islands you may not realize it but
New York City's full of them Manhattan
itself is technically just one 13.4 mile
long island you've also got Governors
Island Liberty Island as well as Staten
Island but there's one island in New
York that you may not know about and no
it's not the Tiki Bar Jade Island which
is fabulous by the way do yourself a
favor and try the poopoo platter
it's called earth ant island and it's
one island in New York that nobody is
allowed to visit it sits in the East
River
right below Roosevelt Island near the UN
headquarters and for something so tiny
has a pretty fascinating history in 1892
construction of an underground rail
passage began that was meant to connect
Manhattan to Queens via a tunnel under
the river Builders had to drill through
the granite underwater and that
excavation produced excess landfill
which accumulated and eventually
produced a tiny amount of rocks or as we
in the biz call it in Island the island
was originally named Belmont Island
after August Belmont Junior
the man who financed the construction
project the original tunnel is now used
by the seven train and as for the island
- the occasional tanker collision up
until recently has had a pretty
uneventful existence then an
organization called the peace meditation
at the United Nations a Buddhist group
that followed spiritual leader prolific
artist and super rip dude Sri Chinmoy
leased the island from the city in 1977
they rechristened it buthe an island to
honor the third secretary-general of the
UN a former burmese diplomat named Ethan
who was a friend of Sri Chinmoy they
also did some light landscaping and
erected a 30-foot metal oneness arch but
they were only allowed to visit a few
times a year because of the heightened
security around its neighbor the United
Nations all remain peaceful on new thin
until 2004 when New York City hosted the
Republican National Convention a
filmmaker and artist named Duke Reilly
decided to protest by rowing a boat out
to do that in the middle
unfurling a giant glow-in-the-dark flag
from the navigation tower that's on
there and declaring it a sovereign
nation before being apprehended by the
Coast Guard so I called the New York
office of Land Management and tried to
schedule a visit hey I wanted to call
and see if it's at all possible to set
up a time to go visit booth an island on
the East River oh it's not at all like
for anybody I did some checking and he's
actually right nobody's allowed to visit
booth an island
turns out it's now a protected sanctuary
for migrating birds including a colony
of double-crested cormorant that nest in
the oneness Arch so you can't actually
go on it
but I still wanted to get as close as I
could despite a total lack of experience
in a quickly approaching thunderstorm I
jumped in a canoe and headed out to the
lovely East River we paddled through the
water passing Williamsburg and Roosevelt
Island until we finally saw it in all
its glorious tiny splendor to most
people it may just look like a pile of
rocks in a filthy river and I guess it
sort of is but there's also something
kind of wonderful about it too being up
close to it made me realize that there's
something special about Ethan amidst the
hustle and bustle and millions of people
there's this one hundred twenty-five
year old speck of land and tucked away
so I learned a thing or two about what
not to do when your canoe starts tipping
over as it turns out I sort of did make
it onto it with an island after all
granted it was in an effort to not drown
in the East River but I think it
technically still counts I didn't die
which was good and I'm glad I was
actually able to see it we thank
close-up but for now I think I might
just stick to this island which is a
little bit more my speed
