I remember the day that I found that
also documented I got a call from an
admissions office from a university that
I had applied to they wanted to see a
green card I you know extremely
embarrassed my mother started crying
between her tears she just started
apologizing and told me that it was her
fault and that he wanted a better future
for us and look at what happened it's
one escalante when he was 11 years old
one and his family came to the United
States from Venezuela where life had
become dangerous we were driving and we
saw a red light and a man approaches the
car and he thought my mother if she
doesn't surrender her car to him he's
gonna pull out a gun and kill one her
kid in the car right there we picked up
everything we told our boys and you know
different parties attorney one made it
to college and graduated but because it
was undocumented he couldn't work and he
worried about being deported you mean
like a trip to the grocery store and you
get pulled over and that's it game over
but that changed in June of 2012
effective immediately the Department of
Homeland Security is taking steps to
lift the shadow of deportation from
these young people if you come to the
u.s. when you were under 16 if you were
either in high school or had a high
school diploma and if you had either no
criminal record or like a teeny tiny
misdemeanor then you could apply for the
deferred action for childhood arrivals
or daca program basically a permit that
protects you from getting deported and
allows you to work legally in the u.s.
one got this protection and so did
nearly 800,000 others who applied but
now that protection is gone I'm here
today to announce that the program known
as daca that was effectuated under the
Obama administration is being rescinded
daca was designed to protect a
generation of young undocumented
immigrants known as dreamers named after
a bill called the DREAM Act which had
been floating around Congress for more
than a decade and with bipartisan
support the bill would have given
unauthorized immigrants who grew up in
the US a way to gain legal status and
eventually apply for citizenship and
even though it fell short of 60 Senate
votes in 2010
the idea was still popular with the
American public when President Obama
announced daca it was in the middle of
the 2012 presidential campaign but it
didn't turn into a huge campaign issue
because Republicans were really
ambivalent about turning immigration
into a wedge issue we need to help
accommodate these kids who through no
fault of their own find themselves in
this legal limbo
we cannot forever have children who were
brought here by their parents when they
were small children to live in the
shadows but in 2014 Obama proposed
making older immigrants eligible for
daca and creating similar protections
against deportation for undocumented
parents with children who were US
citizens and a lot of Republicans said
well that's too far these new actions
would have protected about 4.5 million
people nearly half the estimated
undocumented population a group of 26
states sued the Obama administration
over the expansion and they won a
federal judge stopped the daca
expansions from going into effect
hinting that they were probably
unconstitutional people had started
thinking back to well if those bigger
programs were unconstitutional what does
that say about this daca program that's
already in place then came Donald Trump
when Mexico sends its people they're not
sending their best they're bringing
drugs they're bringing crime they're
rapists once Donald Trump became the
leading Republican presidential
candidate running on an immigration
hardline platform Republicans started to
look at things in a new light if it
weren't for me you wouldn't even be
talking about illegal immigration when
Trump won daka's fate seemed sealed but
even though he revoked lots of Obama's
other executive orders on immigration
nearly eight months into his term he
still hadn't ended daca a lot of the
immigration hawks began to go away we
were promised that you were going to get
rid of this amnesty that is that exists
right now what the heck happened so a
bunch of states threatened to sue the
government over daca again if Trump
didn't get rid of it which brings us to
early September 2017 it is my duty to
ensure that the laws of the United
States are enforced and that the
constitutional order is upheld it's a
very stark message that leaves
whole lot of people who've only
considered themselves to be Americans in
limbo for the next several months in the
five years it's been around Dhaka has
had a big impact on young undocumented
immigrants a survey of daca recipients
found nearly 70 percent got a job with
better pay more than 60 percent opened
their first bank account nearly 65
percent bought their first car and a
similar share say that they've pursued
educational opportunities they
previously couldn't but when these
protections expire over the coming weeks
months or years they'll be back where
they started before 2012 unable to work
legally and constantly at risk for
deportation
