it's hard to overstate how bonkers the
news cycle is right now Republicans are
trying to ran through a trainwreck
health care bill without any hearings
this process is an embarrassment this is
nuclear grade bonkers the White House is
threatening the Attorney General to
derail the Russia investigation so not
only does he call Jeff Sessions
beleaguered he says he is not doing his
job and Trump is actively asking if he's
allowed to pardon himself if it turns
out he committed a crime any one of
those stories represents a fundamental
breakdown in political norms but if you
turn on CNN or your local news channel
right now things will probably look kind
of normal let's discuss all this in our
CNN political commentators when Jeff
Sessions wakes up what is he thinking
when he hears this this is not your
typical president even boring Liston is
trying for a Hail Mary on this health
care bill what is the latest we expect a
vote in an hour do we know what they
have the vote and that's because our
news media isn't great at conveying when
politicians have truly gone off the
rails
if you look at some of the most well
respected journalists on TV Anderson
Cooper let's revolt Wolf Blitzer they
all kind of talk the same way they're
unemotional even-keeled and unfazed by
the stories they're covering you can
watch Wolf Blitzer on mute and notnot be
talking about the Kardashians or a
nuclear missile launch the norm in
American media is that journalists
shooting get flustered or outraged or
even emotional about the political
disputes they're covering they should
present the facts let panelists argue
about it and then move on all right I
want to thank everybody coming up and in
normal political disagreements that's
fine but in the Trump era it's made
political journalism feel totally
inadequate take the recent Senate health
care vote Republicans voted to consider
a bill without knowing what was in it
they tried to pass it in the dead of
night with no committee hearing and the
bill was so bad they made Paul Ryan
promise not to pass it hoping they'd
come up with something better before it
was too late that's a growth hijacking
of the legislative process it's gambling
with the lives of millions of people
even conservative commentators called it
disgraceful but on CNN business as usual
what is the strategy on health care
what's amazing we still don't know if
there are 50 Republican votes can the
Republicans come up with something that
gets 50 votes can they go freaking out
if the bill is as bad as Senate
Republicans say then they don't have to
worry about House Republicans deciding
to pass it Don Lemon just doing a thing
when you say the skinny repeal makes it
smell like a diet plan that was enabling
yeah no same thing happened after Trump
started looking to get rid of Jeff
Sessions and Robert Mueller which would
effectively trigger a full-scale
constitutional crisis news outlets
treated it like just personal drama from
the Trump White House the escalating
drama between President Trump and the
Justice Department another juicy scandal
like commentators argue over friends
like these who needs enemies no house
club is a bit of a bully here's who is
that Popeye defense I am what I am I am
what I am I'm a blunt spoke in New
Yorker it is Trump and Trump this is
what normalization actually looks like
journalists feel compelled to treat
every news story like the ones that came
before it not official until until the
gavel pounded minute
until this gavel comes down it's not
official they just can't admit that
something abnormal is happening think of
those people who ignore hurricane
evacuation warning what do you mean
you're not leaving well I'm hoping it's
not going to be as serious as they're
saying and it's important to recognize
this as a form of bias call it normalcy
bias and that normalcy bias ends up
making for misleading news coverage a
huge part of the way that we process
news is by nonverbal cue how a story is
framed and delivered and compares to
every other news story so when Anderson
Cooper is laughing during a segment
about Trump the railing Mueller's
investigation audiences perceive that
it's not a big deal that this is normal
when a segment about Trump hardening
itself looks and sounds like every other
segment it's easy to assume that
everything is fine when TV anchors are
just casually updating you on the status
of the health care vote they're not
conveying how dangerous what happened is
certainly from La Jolla as this thing
comes down to the wire it's not like
everyone's pretending everything is fine
you know we get tired of saying it's
shocking it's unusual it's not normal
but it's shocking it's unusual but this
shouldn't be the job of commentators or
guests dropped into otherwise
normal-looking segments one of the
central responsibilities of journalism
is to tell us when something really
abnormal is happening it's why Shep
Smith goes viral anytime he gets
frustrated why is it lie after lie after
lie if you please come on please why
Anderson Cooper's best moment was when
he got emotional covering Katrina there
people want answers and the people who
want someone to stand up and say you
know what we should have done more some
stories are too important too dangerous
to be treated like everyday political
dispute but until news networks adapt
their behavior for this administration
it's worth remembering that our politics
are a lot scarier than what they look
like on TV
