if you were to make a mood board for
each decade it would probably look
something like this right even if we
didn't live through the 50s 60s and the
70s we can pretty much agree on the
defining look at the time this is my
favorite the 80s and - the questionable
hairstyles the 80s of the trend for
bright colors graphic patterns and
geometric shape which maybe wonder who
created the look of the eighties is it
even possible to point a specific person
or a moment in time well in this case we
can I think you'd be hard-pressed to
think of any other design phenomenon
that could be located as specifically to
a group of people so Memphis group
dominated the design world in the 80s
the collective led by Italian architect
Astoria sokka's came together in 1981
they had a huge impact on the postmodern
designs of the decade Memphis is
probably as influential a design group
as there has ever been and they did
originate a lot of that visual
vocabulary so I give them a lot of
credit for the look of the 80s for sure
although the majority were Italians the
group had architects and designers from
all around the world Japan France
Britain Austria America and unlike the
name the group wasn't from Tennessee
they were actually based in Milan Italy
the name Memphis came from a Bob Dylan
song that was playing during a meeting
first thing to know about Memphis is
that it comes out of a long tradition of
radical design in Italy the 1960s
radical design was a movement formed by
architects in reaction to the minimal
and practical aesthetics of modernism
modernism was put into some kind of box
and we gave it a lot of rules which I
think a lot of people felt trapped to in
these rules radical design allows
designers to express distortion and
irony moving far away from functionality
of design
Sothis was a big proponent of the
movement according to the Guardian he
try to stay away from the modernist way
of designing like a well-educated
schoolboy he didn't follow the rules
which made the Memphis group work
unpredictable we wanted to be excited we
wanted to be anxious we wanted to be
thrilled
this is Peter Shire one of two Americans
were part of the Memphis group we're
doing mechanically as we couldn't have
the computers existed we were seeing
signs of it and you look at that kind of
overlay look at Memphis you know pattern
on pattern it stopped flying out in 1981
the group showed their work for the
first time at the Milan Design Fair the
entire collection was named after luxury
hotels
Colten the bel-air chair that Peter
Shire did the Plaza vanity that Michael
grade did which was like a joke right
about taking plastic laminates and
putting it on she's composition would
and then Union after luxury hotels it's
all part of this sort of faux chic thing
that they were interested in the New
York Times wrote that the show appalled
some and amused others will put everyone
attending the fair in a state of high
excitement process and one of the other
designers were on their way to the
opening in a car seat and they thought
that of a terrorist bomb had gone off in
downtown Milan they realized graduated
the chaos and crowding was actually for
the Pharaon exhibition they got out and
walked and it was like pop seen their
work starts quickly through design
magazines that were popular at the time
and soon enough you saw their influence
everywhere I always think it's really
important that it happened virtually
simultaneously with MPD
which also launched in 1981 and you
think about like the logo of MTV with
all those colors and patterns and the
kind of scratchy graphics clearly
relates very closely to some of the
graphic design ideas that were coming
out of Italy that were you know the
context in which Memphis emerged
what's despite the impacts of the growth
had their furniture never quite made it
into people's homes it was very very
unusual to decorate with Memphis at that
time there's only one single piece of
furniture from Memphis that was ever
mass-produced and that's the first chair
I think about 3,000 of those remain with
a circular disc at the back and two
black orbs to rest your arms the design
was unlike any other chair on the market
in 1983 which was a brilliant idea and a
chair but the trouble is they always
fell over backwards that's really funny
a few years later thought sauce left the
group to build his own studio and the
Memphis group held their last show in
1987 whenever people would say to me
what's the sort of ending of the
postmodern period I would say more more
or less it is around 1987 because
there's a recession then that kind of
takes some of the air out of the art
market and it's like a real turning
point the life of the Memphis group was
short-lived
six years to be exact and even though
their designs failed to serve a function
in people's homes they left us colorful
market history and inspired many
designers to come like this first Apple
watch which was created in 1995 they
were given up for free to anyone who
bought the Maxis film for this 2011 Dior
couture show which wasn't oates immense
find Karl Lagerfeld was among the few
who collected their pieces and father DS
auction asshole David Bowie's Memphis
collection last year which also included
Peters work the designs of a distinctive
look that continues to come up time and
time again and box house design work
sometimes that often spreads around the
world without the designer single catch
so even if you recognize this look as
the look of the 80s most people probably
have never heard of Memphis at all I
should ask somebody
the man on the street most people go
what
