my opponent asked sir suppose to recite
a three word loyalty pledge it reads I'm
with her I choose to recite a different
pledge my pledge reads I'm with you the
American people Donald Trump's health
care plan and budget are a test of our
capacity for outrage in American
politics a test of what we believe to be
a scandal can we be as shocked about
lies Donald Trump told in public as we
are about lies as staff told him brother
as far as I'm concerned your premiums
they're gonna start to come down well we
care as much about Trump's betrayal of
the poor and sick and the disabled as we
do about his betrayal of James Comey and
the Israeli intelligence services
because we should this stuff matters
Trump told 60 minutes before being
elected I am going to take care of
everybody I don't care if it cost me
votes or not everybody's going to be
taking care of much better than taking
care of now that is not true according
to the Congressional Budget Office the
American Health Care Act Trump's bill
will lead to 23 million fewer people of
health insurance than if Trump simply
left the system alone you have to work
hard to get a coverage law that big and
that's not the end of the laws Trump
told The Washington Post quote there was
a philosophy in some circles if you
can't pay for it you don't get it that
is not going to happen with us that is
exactly what is going to happen with him
that is what the Billy is pushing does
the reason so many people with health
insurance under his plan is because they
can't afford it and under Trump care if
you can't afford it you don't get it
Trump promised you and make sure
everyone has health insurance with quote
much lower deductibles he does the exact
opposite the American Health Care Act
removes regulations stopping insurers
from offering yet higher deductibles
than they do now want to stop on this
point for a minute what people hate
about Obamacare what Trump said is the
problem with Obamacare deductable so so
high you never unless you're going to
die a a long hard death you never can
get to use your health care so what are
they doing they're taking the regulation
to keep deductibles lower than they
would otherwise be we're peeling them
taking the money they give people to
help them buy plans lower deductibles
taking that money putting it into tax
cuts and the result is pushing people
into cheaper plans with much much much
higher
dock tables that is not what he promised
the Congressional Budget Office
estimates that the results are so
dystopic the day expect millions of
people that end up in quote policies it
would not cover major medical risks
again they expect people end up paying
for stuff that isn't even health
insurance pre-existing conditions are in
the bill and I mandated I said has to be
this is also not true the crucial
provision that permitted the American
health care act to pass the house let me
show you what it didn't mean MacArthur
amendment faith can actually sneak
waivers for to get rid of the
pre-existing condition rule they see
also speak waivers to get out of the
essential health benefit rule these
things of the deal was about allowing
States to waive the Affordable Care
Act's protections for pre-existing
conditions that was the whole deal
that's why the thing passed the house
the commercial Budget Office predicted
about a six of states with useless
waivers in those states must healthy
individuals including those with
pre-existing or newly acquired medical
conditions would be unable to purchase
comprehensive coverage with premiums
close to those under current law and
they might not be able to purchase
coverage at all but it's not just a
health care bill Trump's budget also
represents a breathtaking reversal
encore campaign promises with the exact
same result harming the most vulnerable
Americans his budget cuts Medicaid by
one point four nine trillion and it
slashes Social Security disability
insurance program by thirty one point
four billion he promised not to do this
it was what made me different kind of
Republican as recently as last year
Trump told Chuck Todd to the wealthy I
think frankly it's good to go up and you
know what it really should go up that
also was not true at all
this tax plan is a festival of cuts for
the richest Americans in general and for
Donald Trump in particular look I know
the politicians a lie
I know that we've become used to that
that we sweep it under the rug that we
assume it's all in the game politicians
exaggerate they misdirect they obscure
this is different
this is saying you're going to go up
when you're really going to go down
Trump is doing the opposite of what he
said these are lives of complete
direction you're going to make sure that
people with pre conditions still come
yes whose Republican is going to protect
Social Security and Medicaid cover
everyone
I'm not going to cut social security
like every other Republican and I'm not
going to cut Medicare or Medicaid from
Varanasi economic populist he was a
Republican who's for you for the little
guy everybody's going to be taking it
much better than taking care of now the
uninsured person right and raise taxes
on rich people like himself it reduces
or eliminates most of the deductions and
loopholes available to special interests
and to the very rich in other words it's
going to cost me a fortune he lied and
this should be a political scandal of
massive proportions and the reason it
should be a scandal it's not how
politics is supposed to work to vote
correctly politicians need to tell us
the truth we need to know basically what
they're going to do here and promising
to protect the sick in the poor he is
governing in ways it will grievously
harm them we should be outraged
