if you've ever tried to meditate you
know that it doesn't take long for the
mental chatter to get out all and if you
keep trying to get rid of those thoughts
it can get really frustrating really
fast
this is Satya nee Macpherson she is a
meditation teacher with a nonprofit
called Minds incorporated and she's
challenging these students at Eastern
High School in Washington DC to examine
their relationship with those
distracting thoughts look for a thought
where is it live because of constant
myelin it's a figment of imagination you
should think like if you're imagining it
is not real adventure Satriani
isn't trying to teach these students to
get rid of their thoughts but to change
their relationship with those thoughts
and she's part of a growing movement of
nonprofits and foundations whose mission
is to bring meditation into public
schools so if you had a negative thought
you started into Lewy body pants too
heavy to understand the connection
between our emotions and our bodies we
have to look inside the brain this is
Sarah Lazar
she's a neuroscientist at Harvard and a
few years ago she started practicing
yoga after a running injury but was
interesting was that after a couple
weeks I started noticing that I was
calmer Sarah did some research and found
a bunch of studies showing that yoga and
meditation made people feel less
stressed out and more empathetic but the
scientists in her was skeptical her yoga
teacher had told her this might happen I
thought well maybe you know it's just a
placebo response right she told me was
until this so maybe that's that's why I
was feeling it she started doing studies
we took people who had never meditated
before and we've learned a scanner then
the subjects went through an eight-week
program where they meditated for about
30 minutes every day and at the end of
the eight weeks she put them back in the
MRI scanner and found that certain parts
of their brains had gotten thicker
hippocampus this is that area that's
important for learning and memory it's
also important for emotion regulation
another reason we identified was a
temporal parietal Junction and
important for prospective picking and
empathy and compassion it's important to
say that we don't know for sure that
these students brains are experiencing
the same changes that Sarah Lazar found
in her subjects but that hasn't stopped
meditation programs from popping up in
schools all over the country and they've
received plenty of media attention
taking time out of the school day for
meditation misbehaving children are sent
to the meditation room instead of the
principal's office and although these
programs are happening in many different
schools and communities news stories
tend to show those serving children of
color where are those students being
Tori david Forbes is a professor of
school counseling and he wrote an
article for salon that criticizes the
movement to bring meditation into public
schools people can say oh well we can
use it just to relieve stress and just
to get people to adjust in situations
and any mistakes people shouldn't adjust
to one of the realities that students
maybe shouldn't get comfortable with is
the persistent problem of segregation by
race and income in America's public
schools we've had a rapid massive
resegregate since 1988 I think there's a
kind of issue of social control here
Bruce Gill disagrees he runs the
meditation program at Eastern High
School and he's brought the practice to
dozens of other schools around DC we're
definitely not teaching our kids to be
passive or to accept us anything as a
matter of fact it's their very survival
that requires just the opposite we don't
want them to react in the face of public
threats from a police officer in such a
way that provokes something destructive
and it provokes something fatal happen
in a situation that you can say is just
you're talking to dragons like insanity
or you can drive your thoughts even it
was only results you have a great effect
for your fiscal values and your emotions
and I just try yourself
they have to be very clear and clear
about what's going on so they can make
decisions in the moment when they are
being threatened Bruce doesn't think
meditation teaches kids that these
threats are fair or something they
should passively accept he sees
meditation as a tool to help them
survive and to thrive in a flawed system
if you want to try meditation on your
own there's a couple of apps out there
that can help make your journey a little
bit easier but you don't really need an
app or any fancy equipment to get
started with your meditation practice
all you need is a comfortable chair or a
pillow on the floor and a little bit of
patience with yourself
