Vladimir Putin has been ruler in Russia
since 1999 in that time you shaped the
country into an authoritarian and
militaristic society he successfully
invaded two of Russia's neighbors and
strengthen ties with Syria and Iran he's
intent on pushing back against the
Western world order and it appears to be
working to understand how one man could
have such a powerful influence on this
country you need to go back to the chaos
and corruption that got to Russia after
the fall of the Soviet Union and the
Berlin Wall fell a 40 year old Putin was
working as an undercover spy in East
Germany for the Soviet Security Agency
the KGB the Soviet Union dissolved into
15 new countries including the new
Russian Federation in Putin's eyes
Russia had just lost two million square
miles of territory he later called us a
major geopolitical disaster of the
century lamenting that tens of millions
of his co patriots found himself outside
Russian territory
the new government had to sell off
nearly 45,000 public businesses like
energy mining and communication
companies that had been run by the
communist regime and it was chaos the
Russian economy was in a freefall and
all of these companies ended up in the
hands of a few extremely wealthy men
known today as Russia's oligarchs at the
same time the new Russian state was
having a hard time establishing itself
Russia's first president Boris Yeltsin
was wildly unpopular for cooperating
with the West and to make matters worse
he was an alcoholic and many Russians
thought he was an embarrassment in order
to stay in power he leaned on the
support of these a Lagarde's
surrendering an immense amount of
political power to them this graph shows
how inequality actually worsened after
the fall of the Soviet Union this is
where Vladimir Putin enters politics he
leaves the KGB in 1991 and becomes a
deputy mayor of st. Petersburg Putin
uses his position to give special
treatment to friends and allies in the
private sector he helps some structure
monopolies and regulates their
competitors quickly becoming a favorite
among the oligarchs before long he's
assembled a support network of oligarchs
crime bosses and security officials
mostly fellow former KGB officers like
he was with their help he rapidly
ascends to the upper echelons of the new
Russian state in 1999 president Boris
Yeltsin appoints Putin still relatively
unknown in national politics to be the
prime minister a fierce nationalist
Putin feared Yeltsin was letting the
u.s. dominate Russia and that NATO the
alliance that worked for decades to
contain Soviet influence would expand
into the new liberated countries and
surround Russia Putin's goal then became
to build a strong Russian state one that
would be both stable at home and capable
of exercising more influence over its
neighbors and he quickly got his chance
during the post-soviet chaos there was
escalating violence in Chechnya a region
that had informally seceded from Russia
in the mid 90s Chechen warlords and
terrorists were pushing into Russian
territory and attacking the border in
August 1999 a series of deadly bombings
killed more than 300 people in several
Russian cities including Moscow Putin
the new Prime Minister immediately
blames Chechen separatists for the
attacks he regularly appears on Russian
television claiming he will avenge
Russia the population quickly rallies
around him Putin's approval ratings jump
from two percent before the bombings to
45 percent after the bombings
journalists later uncovered evidence
that suggests Russian security services
could have been complicit in the Moscow
bombings perhaps knowing they would
spark support for a strong man like
Putin but a closed state investigation
quickly quashed any dissenting theories
so Russia launches a popular and
devastating war in Chechnya the capital
city of Grozny was leveled by Russian
bombing and some estimated close to
80,000 people died and in less than a
year
Russia successfully brings Chechnya back
under its control in December 1999
Yeltsin suddenly resigns making Putin
the interim president in May during the
bloody campaign in Chechnya Putin wins
the presidential election he begins to
shape the Russian state to his vision
patronage and corruption remains some of
his key tools but he quickly suppresses
the oligarchs under his rule those that
support Putin are rewarded those that
don't are eliminated once Russia's
richest man imprisoned Kremlin critic
and former oil magnate Mikhail
Khodorkovsky was sentenced to 14 years
in jail this on a new conviction of
embezzling oil this is effectively a
vendetta from Vladimir Putin for
Khodorkovsky getting involved in
opposition of politics the oligarchy
tamed Putin was now free to move his
vision outside of Russia's borders at
the time relations with the US were
fairly good Putin even vacationed at
george w bush's summer home i looked a
man in the eye i found to be very
straightforward and trustworthy but
things were about to change
in August 2008 Russia and BAE's Georgia
a former Soviet republic it's a display
of aggression and strength on behalf of
pro-russian separatists there Russia
quickly annexes two small parts of
Georgia drawing condemnation from all
over the world
interestingly though Putin who was not
president during the invasion see the
Russian Constitution says the president
can only serve two consecutive terms but
sets no limit on the total number of
terms one can serve so Putin took the
Prime Minister role again when his
hand-picked successor Dmitry Medvedev
served as president when Obama's elected
US president in 2008 he attempts to
reset relations with Russia and they
make some progress most notably delimit
both countries nuclear arsenals but
Putin remains paranoid about u.s.
intentions and remains opposed to these
new relations he's particularly bothered
by US interventions in the Middle East
especially in Libya in 2011 he publicly
criticized Medvedev for not vetoing the
action in the UN Security Council
Putin announces his candidacy for
president and wins the 2012 election by
a preposterous margin injustice says
Dmitry this outrage can't continue I'm
here to say no
Putin starts his third term once again
amid chaos he doubles down on his
authoritarian governance style at home
and his militaristic strategy abroad but
in both cases he showcases a mastery of
information since he first took office
in 2002 tainha skepta tight leash on
russian television
essentially all news outlets are
state-owned propaganda machines his
regime decides which stories air and how
always depicting him as a strong Russian
leader in 2012 he cracked down on human
rights and civil liberties making clear
there was no room for dissent in his
Russia using state television for
example he administered a blistering
campaign against a feminist and gay
rights music group Pussy Riot the latest
and the loudest such performance for the
so-called funk prayer at the Christ the
Saviour Cathedral where they were
yelling things which were rather profane
to be yelled in church of course three
members of punk group
were convicted and sentenced to two
years in prison
Putin is also bolstered his aggressive
foreign strategy he's used traditional
military methods like sending weapons
and fighter planes to help dictator
Bashar al-assad fight a bloody civil war
in Syria but Putin's regime has also
developed and fostered the most
effective cyber army in the world and
he's used it to wreak havoc in the West
these hackers have stolen classified US
information pact politicians email
accounts even shut down George's
Internet while Russian troops invaded
and of course they tried to sabotage
Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign
in 2016 Russian hackers have also
launched propaganda campaigns in support
of right-wing candidates in Europe with
this Putin hopes to exploit and deepen
the political divide in Western
democracies in 2014 the Putin vision
culminated in the targeting of Ukraine
another former Soviet country Ukraine's
president was opening up to the west and
Putin feared he would join NATO
so Russian hackers launched a propaganda
campaign against him stoking protests in
the pro-russia eastern part of the
country he then sent in disguised
Russian troops and before long violence
erupts in goes the Russian military and
in early 2014
Putin annexes Crimea he continues to
support the fighting in Ukraine and as
of 2017 over 9,000 people have died the
world erupts in protests but Putin
doesn't give in see his aggressive
foreign policy successfully weakens his
neighbors while also rallying Russians
around him but he has done all of this
at the expense of his own people his
invasions have prompted harsh sanctions
from the West
barring Russian businesses from trading
in Western markets Russian currency has
plummeted in value and the energy
industry that Russia relies on is
collapsing it's hard to imagine Russia
can continue under these circumstances
but the election of Donald Trump brings
new hope for the Putin vision Trump's
rhetoric has been notably soft on Russia
he could lift sanctions and weaken NATO
potentially freeing up space for Putin's
Russia to become a dominant power
once again
