there's this moment at the Oscars right
before lala land was mistakenly awarded
Best Picture where you can really tell
that whatever Warren Beatty is looking
at doesn't make sense for Best Picture
he knew something was wrong but he
wasn't sure but here's an idea
what if better typography could have
prevented this whole snafu let's walk
through what that could have looked like
moonlight we know from this shot that
the announcement card looks something
like this the card is serving two
purposes on one hand it's a beautiful
souvenir for the winner and on the other
hand it's a cue card for a very
high-pressure public presentation so how
do you make this easier to read in front
of 30 million live viewers well let's
look at how the card compares to the
limes the announcer has to say we read
things from top to bottom but at the top
is answers that's not useful information
for the people on stage at the Oscars
yeah that's like a few milliseconds of
extra time those presenters have filters
too you know and there's a vetting
that's it goes realist information
that's Benjamin Bannister he's a graphic
designer who put together an alternate
design for the announcement card it's
like driving on the final Road you
literally have a few seconds three all
the time to make sure you get the
essential information otherwise you're
going to make a wrong turn
best actor should be the first thing on
the page make it a little easier to read
and now the presenters have a clear sign
that they've got the wrong card but this
still treats the winner with the same
emphasis as the movie they appeared in
which well it's nice to have it's really
just extra context you solve that by
making the name of the winner the
biggest thing on the page if the
presenters were given this card one of
two things would have happened their
eyes would a first red best actress or
Emma Stone not la-la-land you can apply
the same fix to the card that prompted
Steve Harvey to crown the wrong person
Miss Universe in 2015 there's I have to
apologize
no bad typography and no confusion no
embarrassing mix-up the consequences of
bad graphic design extend far beyond
award shows in the fall of 2000
supervisor of elections for Palm Beach
County Florida with tests with designing
a ballot with more candidates than could
fit on a single column it wound up
looking like this it was called a
butterfly ballot because of the way the
text occupied two columns if you were
voting for Bush the form made enough
sense to pick the first candidate you
punched in the first bubble but then to
vote for the second candidate on the
list
Al Gore you had to punch in the third
bubble see the problem the Palm Beach
Post estimated that over 2,800 Gore
voters accidentally voted for Pat
Buchanan the number of voters here in
Palm Beach County has filed lawsuits
asking for a new election because they
claim that they either voted for the
wrong candidate or double punch their
ballots because of confusion over the
ballot design Bush won Florida by a
margin of 537 votes better typography
here arguably could have changed US
history graphic designer Michael Beirut
put together this version of what that
ballot could have looked like it uses
the same format but consolidates
information horizontally so that you can
fit all the same candidate names in the
same amount of space instead of there
being two conflicting visual paths to
follow there's just one there's also a
lesson here for public health when it
comes to health there's probably no
single piece of household typographic
design that's as common as this one the
orange prescription bottle these have
been around since just after World War
two and they haven't changed much apart
from the addition of a child safety cap
in the 1970 but they are not the easiest
things to read just look at how
information is prioritized here the
pharmacy branding is often the first and
biggest thing on the label which is
fairly unimportant information for the
user the rest of the text on the label
is small and it's all the same size and
weight even these confusing numbers
which the user doesn't need at all get
the same amount of emphasis as
everything else on top of that some key
warnings are printed on hard to read
color combinations like black on dark
red put all of that on a curved bottle
that you have to rotate to read and
you're left with a pretty unfriendly
design a design student named Deborah
Adler created a model for what a new and
improved
the bottle could look like
she called it clear Rx she was inspired
after her grandmother took her
grandfather's medicine by accident and
that's a common problem experts estimate
that there are 500,000 cases per year in
the u.s. of people miss reading
prescription bottle instructions in
Adler's design the branding moves to the
bottom and the most important
information for the user is big at the
top Adler also included color-coded
rings so that the packaging clearly
distinguishes between users not just
between medications the extra surface
area on the back allows for space to be
dedicated to warnings for the user
target and bought this design and rolls
it out in 2005 the positive reception
but ten years after that Target sold its
pharmacy business to CVS and the new
pill bottle disappeared stories emerged
afterwards that some users had actually
fish their old target bottles out of the
trash because of how much they liked
them others took to Twitter and CVS has
said that it's developing a new similar
model but it hasn't released to get as
with a lot of designs it's hard to
notice the things that are done well
until they aren't there anymore I think
it was a good moment to show people and
educate them on the fact that design
does matter for most people tend to
forget it's not a really big deal until
something like this happens
I mean designers are there to help
prevent things like this from happening
so what different typography have
totally changed outcomes in any of these
cases maybe but if you're Warren Beatty
or Steve Harvey or Al Gore that's a
pretty big baby
