I have rarely seen a document of
politics as completely devastating as
the analysis the Congressional Budget
Office just released of the Republican
health care bill we're going to get into
details in a minute but but here's a one
sentence summary under the GOP bill the
more help you need the less you get it
would make more people uninsured than
live in New York State and those raw
numbers this headline numbers they
actually obscure how cruel the
underlying policy is it is particularly
bad for the old and sick and the poor it
is particularly good for the rich and
the young and the healthy and I
understand why you have to go into the
specifics of what the bill does so
here's how it works the bill cuts
Medicaid it cuts the value of Obama care
insurance subsidies in half and it lets
insurance companies charge older
Americans five hundred percent five
hundred percent more than they charge
younger Americans then it takes
subsidies that are left and it reworks
them to be worth less to the poor and
less to the old it takes the insurers
that are left in the market and it gives
them the ability to change their plan so
their plans cover fewer medical expenses
for the sick and then finally it
rewrites a tax code to offer hundreds of
billions of dollars in tax cuts to the
rich as my colleague bill Matthews wrote
it is an act of incredible class warfare
by the rich against poor imagine the set
of questions you would have had to ask
to get to a bill like this who is
sitting back and saying what American
health care needs is more uninsured
people coverage it does not cover as
much coverage is higher deductibles more
power for insurers to charge old people
more money than young people and finally
hundreds of billions of dollars in tax
cuts for the rich is that the populism
Donald Trump ran on is that what any
Republican is seen in polls even of
their own voters because I have looked
at those polls and even Republican
voters they actually want better health
care that is more affordable to them and
that actually does cover that when they
get sick the result of all this isn't
just twenty four million fewer people
with insurance of the people left with
it
the pool is tilted towards younger
healthier people who needed help less
because many of the older poorer sicker
people who needed help the most have
been driven out of the market they don't
have insurance they can actually afford
example that keeps getting me a 64 year
old making twenty six thousand five
hundred dollars somebody who very well
might avoid ever Donald Trump would see
his premiums rise by seven hundred and
fifty percent and now that sixty
four-year-old gone no insurance but
because he's gone the pools a little bit
younger and so premiums for the young
people left or a little bit cheaper that
is the context that is required to read
speaker Paul Ryan's response to the
report he tweeted and this was the most
amazing part of the whole thing to me he
tweeted CBO report confirms it American
health care act will lower premiums and
improve access to quality affordable
care let's break that down so according
to the Congressional Budget Office those
lower premiums Ryan is celebrating and
those premiums to be sure they're only
ten percent lower after ten years and
that's after they rise initially those
lower premiums that the reason you get
them his bill drove older people out of
the market it let insurers offer plans
and covered fewer medical expenses and
required more out-of-pocket spending
that is not lower premiums as most
Americans understand the term getting
lower premiums by cutting out the people
who needed help the most it's not what
health care supposed to do we have
health insurance because people get sick
because they need it but it's Ryan's
last five words that demand the most
attention
he says his bill will improve access to
all the Affordable Care I am trying to
find a way to read that statement
generously Brian is not arguing with the
CBO score here this is what I I can't
believe he is not saying the CBO is
wrong and more people be covered under
his bill he's saying the CBO is right
it's analysis proves his bill will
improve access to quality affordable
care he is saying that a bill that
throws twenty four million people off
insurance is a bill that improves access
to quality affordable care look I am
schooled in the health care policy wonk
rhetoric I I know what is being said
here I know that improves access is some
kind of dodge because you can have
access to affordable health insurance
even if you choose not to buy it but a
bill that makes health insurance too
expensive for millions to afford doesn't
improve access under any definition of
the word a bill that makes the insurance
not worth buying it doesn't improve
access doesn't improve choice and look
maybe I'm overthinking this maybe Ryan
did not know what his bill would do and
he's now stuck defending it because it's
his bill and he sees no other choice
maybe he's become the this is fine dog
cheerfully explaining away the fire
raging around him a fire he himself has
set but this is not fine it is not
decent it's not compassionate and it's
not what Republicans promised it is a
betrayal of Donald Trump's vow to
protect Medicaid from cuts it's a
betrayal of Donald Trump's vow to pass a
health care bill that covers everyone
with insurance it is lower deductibles
and better coverage it is a betrayal of
Paul Ryan's promise to give Americans
more choices because it is only when you
can actually afford insurance do you
really have the choice of which plan my
and it is a betrayal of the older world
voters who put Republicans in power and
who will pay the most for health
insurance under this proposal it is hard
to imagine the electoral reckoning that
would follow the implementation of this
law but that's the thing about setting a
fire you're often the one who gets
burned
you
