this is the moment Estelle and I began
to question our sanity I don't know if
it's a bear again
we're right about here just outside of
Yellowstone National Park and we're
looking for a tiny little box it's about
the size of the Happy Meal that's filled
with over a million dollars worth of
treasure we're here because of a guy
named Forrest Fenn you might have heard
of him well you've likely heard that
Santa Fe author for Sven Forrest been
onto this a Santa Fe art collector an
author Forrest Fenn Fenn is one of those
rare characters he's like straight out
of a Wild West film he served as a pilot
in the Air Force took up a hobby as an
amateur archaeologist and then later
moved to Santa Fe New Mexico and opened
an art gallery over the years he amassed
a collection of artifacts worthy of the
finest museums he made a fortune selling
his wares to u.s. presidents and
Hollywood tycoons in 1988 Fenn was
diagnosed with cancer he fought it off
but it got him thinking about his legacy
when faced with his own mortality he
decided to do it any eccentric man might
do to ensure his spirit lived on after
his death he buried a treasure chest
sometime between 2009 and 2010 Forrest
claims that he trekked out into the
Rocky Mountains and hid a 12th century
bronze chest containing 42 pounds of his
finest treasures gold nuggets the size
of chicken-egg 16th century Spanish
jewelry and even a Ming Dynasty Jade
sculpture in in 2010 Fenn self-published
the thrill of the chase
a memoir and in the back of this book
there's a poem that poem contains nine
clues that supposedly lead to the
treasurer's exact location it goes a
little something like this
as they have gone alone in there and
with my treasures bolds I can keep my
secret where an hint of riches new and
old begin it where warm waters halt and
take it in the canyon down not far but
too far to walk put in below the home of
brown from there it's no place for the
meek
the end is ever drawing nigh there will
be no paddle of your Creek just heavy
loads and water high if you've been wise
and found the blaze look quickly down
your quest to cease but tarry scant with
marvel gaze just take the chest and go
in peace so why is it that I must go and
leave my trove for all to seek the
answers I already know I've done it
tired and now I'm weak so hear me all
and listen good
your effort will be worth the cold if
you are brave and in the wood I give you
title to the gold ten years later
nobody's found it and many have tried
but for s2 is now a cult-like figure in
the treasure hunting world has admitted
that four of the nine Clues have been
solved and apparently some people have
gotten within 250 feet of the gold
update this morning in a story we've
been telling you about
for years a man who decided to give away
his fortune claimed that buried it
somewhere out west several years ago the
treasure is real the treasure story is
real the treasure is hidden where I left
it and the search goes on in public and
private Facebook groups more than 8,000
members rage on in these deep
philosophical debates over the
interpretation of the clues the finding
fins gold subreddit post 1600 regular
contributors who posed questions like
what kind of Hill can an 80 year old man
climb and does anyone have dreams about
the treasure - over the past year we
talked to a lot of these treasure
hunters like Ricky and Greg we're here
in historic Natchez Mississippi today
it's a big ray of behind me they're
engineers on a steamboat man so this is
a daily the daily search for you every
night every night I'm looking you ask
anybody that works with us on the boat
they will tell you the grave oh yeah
he's someone looking for Spanish
treasure
I don't like camping it was the extreme
opposite of anything I've ever done
so how did you first hear about fans
treasure well I've never heard of it
before until this there is treasure
hunter dies you search for righteous 2
million pound gold you know in the
morning I get the newspaper delivered
and then I think by about 2 o'clock in
the afternoon I think I've solved it
I study geography in college so I'm all
into maps I spent hours upon hours just
looking through Google Maps at all the
places he went it's really really easy
to become obsessed with this story this
is Josh and his dad they spent a week
traversing New Mexico for a family
vacation just looking for the chest so
yeah I'd say about eight weeks of really
hard research Google Maps little sleep
getting too excited to sleep
type of stuff a lot too excited to sleep
in that obsession it happened to us to
is act if you wanted to help me find the
treasure I said absolutely yes so we
went to the Rocky Mountains with a
foolproof plan to find Finn's gold
come on buddy please move you're
definitely in Wyoming hey Scott Itzhak
you're wandering Montana looking for a
shirt off so you know we're actually on
the road right now we just came from
Bozeman and we're driving down toward
Wyoming we're pretty convinced the
treasure oil okay
Wyoming is great state no quest oh yeah
really
how do you think your spot yeah I'm an
ADA mistakes I've heard the story from
multiple people as Wow but this is what
keeps me awake at night
it's long but but if you were to go back
you know you know exactly what the
mistake was absolutely you're scaring me
I feel like we're gonna come back from
this trip and just not sleep for weeks
is this your first time laughter trick
yes yeah and so I think you'll be out
there and you know I think you'll find
for everybody outside you don't be like
wow we could spend you know the next 10
years and this very you know right here
right where we are and never stumble
across it and by ten by six
dude I am a Shakti just said that it's
in Wyoming like I expected him to be
really adamant that it was in Colorado
yeah and I feel pretty good right now
this established this team is treasure
hunter thinks that it's the same
generals at least the same stay where
we're going yeah at least we're in the
right status there's a weird unspoken
dynamic with Finn treasure hunters we're
a community and we're all collectively
scratching our heads trying to decipher
what Forrest Fenn is telling us but we
don't want to give away too much after
all we want to be the first to find that
treasure in our research we came across
this map made by a amateur cartographers
so using geographic data from these
clues they were April to narrow down the
original search area from 27 million
acres to about 591 thousand acres that's
a 98 percent reduction in size and even
just in that area we're still looking at
twenty three thousand three hundred and
ten acres of wild land we now think it's
probably more towards Yellowstone where
specifically need to go and Yellowstone
I can't give you too many clear hahaha
yeah if I got it it's more about being
known as the person that found that's
all I want
Zach and I each spent weeks coming up
with our own theories Zach's been an
entire afternoon trying to convince me
that the longitude and latitude markers
on Finn's map were a clue obviously that
was crazy
he actually owns Sitting Bull's original
piece by
what it's worth 1.1 million dollars
that checks out all the old men out here
look like Forrest Fenn every elderly
gentleman I drive by I just first my
first thought yeah what does that say
about like how obsessed you are
we reached out to Finn early on in our
research with the same starry eyes that
many treasure hunters do he denied our
request to interview him yeah how many
people he emails emails maybe it's
kissing you are getting close to the
treasure and with that here is where I
think the treasure is so first you start
with where warm water salts that's the
Firehole River Falls right in the heart
of Yellowstone National Park now the
name of the river speaks for itself okay
there's the cave there it is oh this is
not what I expected
actually in 2007 water temperatures in
the Falls rose to 82 degrees and it
killed a bunch of trout there pretty
much halting life so coincidentally
right above the Firehole River Falls
there's this Canyon and it leads to the
Madison River now if you take the
Madison River straight to have Ginn Lake
that's too far to walk so at this point
we're right on the border of Montana and
Wyoming but it's a place fin explored as
a kid so that counts for something now
above Hebgen Lake is grizzly bear
territory home of brown and red Canyon
Creek no paddle up your creek so in 1959
a massive earthquake shook this region
and the Hebgen Lake Dam gave way
creating quake lake along with a deadly
landslide
that's heavy loads and water high but
Estelle what's the blaze honestly it
could be anything a lot of people think
we'll only be able to see it if we're
standing in the exact right spot
sounds really good to me but the skeptic
in me says hold on still this is a
highly interpretive poem thousands of
people have come up with hundreds and
hundreds of different theories that seem
to fit perfectly like puzzle pieces are
you to tell me that everyone right now i
i will not crush you in this moment
forests himself i think is acknowledged
that this treasure very well may be run
from ten thousand years before someone
finds it at least one person has been
within 200 feet of the treasure that's
insane to me
someone was spamming 200 feet away
happened six years so we realized very
quickly that despite these cute pictures
of bears in Yellowstone they are very
dangerous and we could very easily get
mauled by one today if we're not careful
all right
so apparently this thing has seven
seconds of spray in it so that sounds
like just about enough to ward off one
grizzly bear
hopefully we only need to use it today
finn's treasure has lured many
unprepared hunters into the wilderness
we talked to a park ranger actually who
said people had ventured into snow
impacted mountain ranges with just
tennis shoes this morning we're waiting
on the office of the Medical
Investigator to find out how a hiker
searching for Forrest Fenn's treasure
died in January 2016
Randi bill you went missing in search
with the treasure six months later he
was found dead somewhere in this area
which is a huge area of land is where
the treasure is and it's just a matter
of figuring out that exact spot we're a
mile past the trailhead and I think we
found something it's a tiny little cave
that you could easily miss zach has now
decided to climb the entire face of this
cliff and try to get into a cave that's
about a couple hundred feet high there
was a time when I thought the Fenn
treasure might be in a cave because one
thing he said was that he was in a spot
that you could come back to you in
10,000 years and it might hypothetically
still be around a cave protects things
from the elements so I thought maybe it
was a possibility definitely not in that
cave though
we're wandering around Wyoming
constantly asking ourselves what would
Finn do where would an adventurous fly
fisherman who loves history artifacts
and practical jokes hide a treasure
chest
do you think things gonna watch this
bunch of idiots
I think Fenn is the kind of guy that
thinks a lot of people are idiots so I I
would like to make a film that gains his
respect a little bit like I would like
to think that Fenn is sitting somewhere
tipping his cowboy hat to us it's really
clear from every treasure hunter we
talked to that once you have a potential
solve it's really hard to entertain any
other theory even if it makes total
sense here it is six years later and I
found the spot at first opportunity he
gets to go back out there I think you I
think you'll find it that's new to me
everyone knows where it is exactly yes
one of us has got to be right you can't
completely solve the pond
and beyond the totally the right trail
and you still might miss the treasure
there's a lot of theories that this is
all about poop heavy loads oh my god
there's like brown on the paddle it's so
peddle of your creek I think that just
proves that how interpretive this is you
can you can literally take every crew
map bone and make it so today we are
heading back into the heart of
Yellowstone Park which is apparently the
oldest park United States actually last
night I was doing a little sleuthing and
found out that forest is a board member
at Buffalo Bills Center some hunters
seem to think that then hid the treasure
while up here on a trip for a board
members meeting and he just took off one
morning hid the treasure and came back
for his black bowtie events in September
of 2009 that theory would definitely
correspond with the Lamar Valley area
and also a fence fascination of the
Native American history that this valley
holds we are going to drive all the way
down highway 212 to a place called
icebox Canyon
in this canyon there is a creek called
soda Butte Creek the soda Butte is this
extinct geyser in the middle of the
valley soda Butte it's also a long
highway to 12 to 12 obviously being the
temperature at which water boils and
it's right near ice box canyon there's
no way this isn't the place where warm
waters halt a bear completely mauled
this area we're standing in right now
all the trees around us are just
completely
it's insane okay so that's just one clue
Zach where do we go from there the Lamar
ranger station now every Hunter has a
line from the poem that they literally
obsess over and the the line that seems
to get the most attention is put in
below the home of brown like a lot of
the poem it's pointing to a specific
location and you talk to treasure
hunters what are their takes on that
Brown some insights looking at the map
there are just hundreds of locations
that could refer to so you go all of
America looking for the house of brown
one of the one of the things I really
led us on to the brown one is the fact
that the B is capitalized in brown
okay so if you google the Lamar ranger
station it's clearly a hot spot for
friends treasure hunters it's this old
ranch in the historic district to the
park and back in the day there was this
really well-known Ranger there named
Gary Brown home of brown brown looks
like the main facilities are kind of
closed down and it's not open to the
public besides that I guess yeah so
maybe they shut it down because so many
treasure hunters came through you're
asking if it's not clear on our faces
our confidence is completely shot right
now every treasure hunter will tell you
this you start a hike with rose-colored
glasses and by the end you realize that
your task was nearly impossible you're
trying to find a 10 by 10 by 6 inch box
in 3000 square miles of land and if
we're completely wrong about Yellowstone
that's 300 thousand square miles of land
we started all the way up here at icebox
Canyon followed down soda Butte Creek
all the way down to the lamar ranger
station which is our home of brown and
then from there it's all we know is it's
somewhere below the home ground beyond
any one of these trails or ridges or
rivers or creeks you just point to a
random spot on the map and be like let's
just go there
fossil forest that would be ten miles of
walking for forest fan and about twelve
to sixteen hundred feet of elevation
gain
I'm sure forest is an absolute beast on
the trails but I mean how much because
an 80 year old man do I came into this
with and I think most of that optimism
is now gone fen says that his poem
specifically leads to a very very
concrete spot and I just don't see it
the clues are so vague and interpretive
that I just can't possibly imagine them
culminating in like some exact spot on
the map we really have become crazy
about this yeah I feel like this journey
has changed me know after coming back
and maybe going into this convinced that
you knew where the treasure was like a
lot of other hunters and then coming
back and realizing it wasn't there did
it change your mind at all about maybe
there is no treasure
there was a time frame when we started
to wonder if it was real he's gone far
too much tool for it to be hopes like
why would he do it this is his legacy to
the world I think he's a great like I
said actually and I think he'll be happy
if someone finds it is locked up
one thing about forest is he is genuine
and about hiding this treasure so
anybody that has that type of ability to
get that type of stuff has no issue in
my opinion putting together a box full
of the stuff he said he had it's
certainly plausible that he'd be able to
do such a thing and I think he's
eccentric enough that he would feel like
we're just taking random guesses at this
point you know I think really we're lost
after the first three or four clues I
put in some secret Forest fun cave
somewhere
yeah there's a huge herd of deer or
something crossing Street up there let's
go check it out
what are they
it's look like mountain goats those are
mountain goats holy crap okay let's
pause for a second we thought for sure
we were looking at cute little mountain
goats but in our excitement we fail to
realize that these were bighorn sheep
nonetheless we lost our minds
oh the rainbow in the background oh dude
that's insane the treasure at the end
the rainbow unbelievable the whole
entire trip I think left a lasting
impact on me take on this poem it's I
don't I don't even know the right word
for it it's just a very cryptic poem but
it's a fun poem I'm starting to think
about wife and plan to this and why he
did it
and I I'm starting to think that the
treasure itself isn't so important as
hokey as that sounds it's pretty hokey
you know his story about surviving a
terminal kidney cancer diagnosis really
inspired me in my own health struggles
and now just being able to go out there
and follow in his footsteps - I'm so
proud to be able to go out and do it is
this sort of like a moment in your past
or do you think that you're gonna
continually think about it all the time
your is ambiguous as foresters we went
down dozens of trails over the past five
days and we came up completely empty we
didn't find the treasure we probably
didn't even come close but maybe we did
and we'll just never know
over the past few months and our five
days here we've become so obsessed with
this treasure hunt and we wanted to
start our own we have with us here
little Forrest Fenn figurine and we're
gonna leave them in this location and
the only hint you get is the scenery
that's behind us here so we dare you to
find them happy hunting
