the average person has 27 unique web
logins to create an account on a site
you have to register with a username and
password and most people pick passwords
that are easy to remember actually a lot
of us end up using the same password for
all of our websites which is
understandable but risky there are many
different ways that hackers can get your
password they can use programs that try
to guess it by randomly cycling through
different combinations hacking the
website itself or phishing by sending
fake emails that look like they're from
a website or company but actually aren't
all of this spells bad news for people
that reuse the same password because
you're putting yourself at much higher
risk for hackers being able to get into
your emails your photos and even your
Bank info last year Yahoo made headlines
when it was the victim of a massive
cyber attack with sensitive information
being stolen from 1 billion accounts so
if you had a yahoo account and you use
that same password for other sites you
are now vulnerable to all those other
accounts being hacked to every time
there's a big hack like this experts
tell us to stop using the same password
for every website in fact they say we
should stop memorizing our passwords
altogether recommending that we use
something called the password manager
instead I know I know it already sounds
complicated but trust me it's really not
and it'll help make all of your accounts
much more secure we currently think of
passwords as things that we memorize and
store inside our heads but since we're
really bad at remembering random things
there's a limit to how complex your
password can be and how many different
ones you'll be able to remember as a
result most people have really simple
passwords and many use the same one
across all their logins this sucks
because if a hacker gets access to your
one password they then have access to
all of your different accounts and if
your password is uncomplicated
it's astonishingly easy for hackers to
guess it for instance if you use a
password like well password which is
actually the 8th most commonly used one
it would take a hacker mere milliseconds
to guess it but if you use a password
manager to generate a 15 digit series of
random upper and lowercase letters and
numbers that time jumps up to 609
the biggest thing we need to do is stop
keeping our passwords in our heads
instead we need to put them somewhere
else and lock them up like a virtual
safe this is what the password manager
does
it's basically an app that keeps all of
your passwords secure inside of a safe
that only you can unlock this way you
only need to remember one password and
once you unlock the safe you can see all
of your many different passwords in one
place since it's an app you can access
your passwords from any device you've
installed it on and since you don't need
to remember all your passwords anymore
you can make them really long and
complicated so what happens if your
password manager gets hacked they would
have access to all of your individual
passwords then right
not necessarily the password manager
encrypts your data so if a hacker looks
inside your safe all they'll see is
scrambled passwords LastPass was hacked
in 2015 and users had to change their
master passwords but the individual
passwords inside were safe because of
this encryption it may seem like it
would be annoying to have to retrieve
your password for every single website
but actually most password managers have
browser plugins that automatically fill
your in code for you so in many cases
it's actually easier and besides it's
better than the alternative becoming one
of the millions of Americans that get
hacked every year
