in November experts from the UN visited
South Sudan the world's newest country
they found a conflict marked by mass
slaughter and what they described as a
warped environment where the rape of
women and girls had become normal
the UN says the world has an obligation
to intervene and prevent an ethnic
cleansing one potentially as devastating
as the Rwandan genocide of 1994 at the
time the world stood by and watched the
slaughter of 800,000 people it said it
would never allow that to happen again
but it has since the South Sudanese
civil war broke out in December of 2013
over 50,000 people have been killed more
than 2.3 million people have been forced
to flee their homes six-lane people are
at risk of going hungry and 70% of
schools have closed due to the fighting
it's a nightmare for a country that
gained independence just five years ago
a move that was supposed to bring peace
to an area that has only known war
before it became independent in 2011
South Sudan was part of Sudan since
before colonial times a deep divide
existed between the predominantly Muslim
arabic-speaking north and people from
the south which is mostly Christian or
follows other traditional religions the
divide began to turn violent for 1950s
shortly after Sudan gained independence
from British and Egyptian rule positions
of power were given almost entirely to
northerners and the Sudanese government
of Khartoum increasingly centralized
around a small group of elites a
predatory government emerged serving
only to enrich its members by seizing
natural resources and ignoring the
desperate needs of the Sudanese people
the two parts of the country fought for
decades in a civil war that only ended
in 2005 with an agreement allowing the
south to govern itself that deal also
opened up the possibility for South
Sudan to officially vote to break away
from Sudan and to gain its independence
with help from the UN the US and the
international community that vote was
held in January of 2011 and passed
overwhelmingly with nearly 99% of South
Sudanese voting in favour of creating a
new state the US had spent years pushing
for the creation of an independent South
Sudan
and the Obama administration celebrated
the vote Susan Rice who was then the
American ambassador to the UN said it
was and then everything fell apart South
Sudan contains more than 60 ethnic
groups during the Civil War at the North
those groups put aside their differences
to fight for independence the two
largest ethnic groups in South Sudan are
the Dinka and the newer the new
President Salva Kiir was a Dinka and an
expression of unity
he asked react mature Anouar to be his
vice president but the agreement didn't
last and the peace was short-lived
generals and warlords were put in
political positions that they were ill
suited to keep to make matters worse the
international community had essentially
stepped away after independence tensions
between South Sudan's many factions had
been overlooked while it was trying to
achieve independence for the north when
the fighting was over in the state
building began those rivalries and
tensions reimbursed Vice President
Musharraf started criticizing president
Kear's policies saying he might run
against him in the next election
the conflict escalated and in December
2013 forces loyal to mature clashed with
troops loyal to kir to mobilize to pour
for themselves
mushara and kir exploited the ethnic
divide throughout South Sudan by
mobilizing sectarian militias and having
their allies use hate speech to
encourage violence against civilians the
political fights morphed into an all-out
ethnic conflict with people loyal to the
two leaders taking up arms and
slaughtering each other more than 1,000
people were quickly killed and another
hundred thousand displaced in the first
week of fighting alone it's only gotten
worse since then with other tribes
joining the fight a cycle of violent
retaliation spurred by the politicians
has reignited old tensions fierce
competition over resources intervention
by neighboring countries and the heavy
flow of weapons into the region have
only served to escalate the violence
attempted truces have failed and while
the UN is
for a median intervention from the
outside world there's no clear proposal
for that intervention would be for its
part the u.s. has proposed an arms
embargo to block all weapon sales to
South Sudan and try to stop the fighting
the problem is that that resolution is
unlikely to passed the UN Security
Council because China and Russia are
deferring to South Sudan's neighbors all
of them have their own vested interests
in South Sudan and are divided over what
to do to stop the violence until those
African nations agree on a solution
China and Russia will block any
sanctions or embargoes emerging from the
UN this crisis is also happening at the
worst possible time as it comes right at
the end of President Obama's presidency
as well as Ban ki-moon's tenure as the
UN secretary-general they are two of the
only people in the world with a standing
and clout to push African nations to
take concrete steps to stop the violence
it's not clear that president-elect
Donald Trump knows about South Sudan
it's not clear they thinks about it and
it seemed incredibly unlikely that he
would make a serious effort of his own
to end the bloodshed
after the Rwandan genocide world leaders
established an International Criminal
Court designed to prevent such
atrocities from taking place in the
future by holding out the threat of
punishing those who carried them out two
decades later another African country is
at risk of descending into mass
slaughter the Obama administration is
pleading for calm and pushing the two
sides to find a deal before it's too
late
but there isn't much the US or its
allies can do to force South Sudan's
warring factions to actually lay down
their guns and that means the world's
newest country could soon be ravaged by
the type of carnage its independence was
designed to prevent
