I was born and raised a Jersey girl
through and through I spent my childhood
summers on the Jersey Shore I knew all
the boy bands I followed along with all
the news about Britney Spears and
Christina Aguilera I watched every
single episode of the Jersey Shore I was
listening to hot 97 from like second
grade when I think back to grade school
and my childhood it is distinctly shaped
by my experience getting bullied the
year that 9/11 happened was the first
time that I was called a racial slur and
it was in my classroom
I remember going straight to my guidance
counselor I'm telling her you know like
every single kid in my class is
attacking me and my guidance counselor
said well if everyone feels that way
then maybe you need to change my father
had an electronic story on the beach
immediately after 9/11 another vendor
created a petition to kick out all the
Muslim vendors they would like come to
my dad's store right in front of me like
harass him call him names our house
started getting tp'ed egged water
balloons on the regular that's when I
started actually learning about the
history of this religion and what its
basic principles are what it stood for I
decided that I wanted to wear a
headscarf as my public defiance of
Islamophobia right off the bat my
friends just stopped communicating with
me altogether
the summer after I finished elementary
school my dad opened up a new store on
the boardwalk that had an internet cafe
my dad was one of the first people like
on AOL Instant Messenger I remember just
being fascinated by I was like what are
you talking about you're talking to your
friends through a computer screen right
now instead of being at the water park
or the beach like I normally would be I
instead spent the entire summer on the
computer teaching myself HTML coding and
I was just obsessed I decided to make a
website with the intention of finding
other Muslim girls that were
experiencing the same thing I was and my
dad thought oh my god that's such a
great idea make sure you talk about
Islam make sure you told me what it's
really about oh my god like share the
actual principles of it share some good
on and stuff like that I don't
everything's like okay dad we're gonna
do it in our own style
one of the first blog posts on Muslim
growth was about your period things that
seemed taboo or conversations that
seemed hidden away for most of our lives
were things that we just opened up about
after I graduated college I started to
focus on with some girls full-time we
developed a team of volunteer editors
and started really developing it as a
company and now this little thing that
started in my bedroom when I was a
teenager has really grown to take on a
life of its own listen girl was blessed
with a lot of great moments this year
our video series with Teen Vogue giving
a TED talk in Greece or when I spoke at
the Ken Lyons festival and friends with
some girl listen the Forbes 30 under 30
list one of the most touching moments
was when I met a Hindu mother who told
me that she read Muslim girl and she
would print out an article from it that
she would reach her fourteen-year-old
daughter every night when she put her to
bed and that that was their self-esteem
building exercise at the end of a long
day I was just flooded with so much
happiness and tears of joy in that
moment because I was that 14-year old
girl at one point it made me realize
what this is all about making these
girls believe that they can do whatever
the hell they want yes we can be
successful in a society as adverse and
Islamophobic as this we can survive and
we can stay true to our identities at
the same time
and that's all
you
