looking at gene Wilder it might seem he
was a show-off in a lot of ways he was
he could sing and dance he was a great
actor and he was hilariously funny
listen we better get the police and let
them handle this you can see these all
come together at this moment in Young
Frankenstein if you're blue and you
don't know why he does all the work here
he's singing he's dancing he mugs he
grimaces he co-wrote this movie with Mel
Brooks garnering the to an Oscar
nomination but he gives the big laughs
to the monster dude why don't you go
where fashion see Wilders comedy wasn't
about hogging center stage it was about
finding way to share it in another
highlight of his career the producers
his fever pitch is pretty wide that's
all because he's signing on to co-star
zero miss tells plan
hey he'd even share the screen with a
sheep I don't think I've ever known such
peace and happiness in my life I hope
you feel the same way once while there
was an established comedic talent in the
early 70s he could be the box-office
insurance that would let studios take a
chance on a comedian who hadn't yet
proved himself as a film star that was
definitely the case with Richard Pryor
the two first pair Don Silver Streak but
watch how Abele they trade off the role
of the comedic lead in 1980s stroke
Razia first louder freaks out and prior
cover star Lee then they completely
switch even in Wilders most over-the-top
role he was sharing the screen exactly
sharing the screen in the same way I
talked about earlier he dominates every
scene he's in to the degree where the
book Charlie and the Chocolate Factory
had the name and its title swapped out
for Wonka's what's interesting though is
that he doesn't show up until 45 minutes
into this pub yes he takes over the
movie after his grand entrance outside
the factory but the power of his
character comes from his role as an
antagonist the guy little Charlie has to
outlast and outwit to ultimately win the
prize of a gigantic Chocolate Factory
compare this with say Johnny Depp's turn
in the role in the 2005 retelling of the
stories he's just an ordinary
up-and-down elevated by the way this
elevator can go sideways long way
slantways in any other ways you can
think of death becomes the hero
when the kids fade into the background a
little bit as a result just press the
button see you're all not so with
Wilders Wonka and up until now I press
them all except one this one
go ahead Charlie Wilder didn't write or
direct that film and he sat out almost
the first half it takes a certain kind
of talent to still dominate people's
imaginations afterward and oh did he
