Judy was called at cafe and they didn't
know what the @ symbol was welcome to at
cafe as in that little a with a circle
around it
I was actually bitter that I named it at
cafe I had to explain to everybody every
report or every human every even people
who came to work that I had to explain
what the @ symbol was like I get it at
the cafe is that you know it's used in
email what's the email this is Glen
McGinnis in July 2016 and this is Glen
McGinnis in July 1995 in January of 1995
Glenn and his co-founders Nick Barnes
and Chris Townsend opened one of New
York's first internet cafes at cafe
their story isn't just about running a
cafe though it's definitely that it's a
window into how it felt to be around the
internet just as a mass audience was
discovering the exhilaration and
exhaustion of a new medium I'm terrified
and excited and from the beginning
Glen McGinnis knew one thing how fast it
was gonna hit and how it was going to be
completely pervasive
in the 1880s st. Mark's Place was part
of a german-american neighborhood called
klenda hland 12 st. Mark's Place was
home to the german-american shooting
society Clubhouse they came together to
shoot drink and Bowl by the 1920s it was
a homeless shelter run by a guy who
called himself mr. zero he sheltered a
thousand people who he affectionately
called old bucks and lame ducks and
after that the building continued to
house legendary tenants we selected 12
st. Mark's Place it was the old st.
Mark's bookstore and that was a really
story to history with all sorts of
amazing authors reading their work there
and so to me it was very symbolic of
Internet the new media and you know I
wanted to be there and in that spot it
seems so appropriate but convincing
investors was harder the idea was a
really new one
I lived overseas a lot as a kid I was
always obsessed with video games I
played pong and they could not pry me
off it and in 1980 we moved to Tokyo and
it was like the Japanese were my people
I mean they just adored computers and
video games in Asia most of the video
games were tabletop so you'd sit you
could have coffee or whatever on the
games and maybe had coffee shops with
these tabletop games I thought of the
internet cafe Paulo because the Tokyo
experience with the tabletops internet
adoption was pretty low at the time six
months after at Cafe launched just 14%
of Americans were using the Internet
how much more did the investors know
zero they had they didn't know what it
was they never been online they never
said you have to it was it was it was
Netscape one dot oh they could only
think of it in terms of hard rock that
was it it will be the Hard Rock Cafe
but with computers rather than rock n
roll I was determined to do this thing
so it was like fine
well the at cafe which is a cyber bar
down in New York's East Village is where
we went to visit the a cafe didn't have
dial-up instead they paid for a premium
t1 connection the type that universities
really large businesses had it was much
faster than dial-up modems but that
stability came at a hefty price the t1
cost nine thousand a month I think my
FiOS which is seventy five megabits
synchronous is a hundred bucks maybe two
hundred bucks
it's amazing how over in twenty years
the a cafe had ruled class internet
connection for the time and they
personally negotiated to get it we
basically for Chris Townsend and myself
just created hell for ourselves the
pipes the hot water nothing ran through
the server room we didn't know anything
we had no money to ask anybody there's
no ventilation and we had no money for
air conditioning so we made a
responsibility of the dishwasher to fill
up a garbage can I mean a giant garbage
can with ice from the icemaker and drag
it into the server room and that they
would melt to water every two hours and
that's how we called server Elizabeth
friggin thing of ice the excitement came
from the idea itself that people would
want to go on the internet for fun to
connect if you go active look anyone can
go right into the Internet Archive and
look at what the websites looked like
back down and it's friggin hysterical I
mean there was not a lot out there and
these pages were texts they weren't high
bandwidth pages
despite the headaches it still felt like
the start of something everyone is like
waking up to the internet I'm you have
to understand no business had a website
very idealistic and then the corporation
started to hit and that's when they just
came knocking at the door and it was
like they all wanted to do what launches
because there was nowhere they could all
put their homepage up on all the
computers and a bevy of new website
signed up to have their launch parties
at the at cafe I was working
non-stop they did events they ran an ISP
and they continued to serve the weird
culture of a still bohemian st. marqs
artists like marquis ankus even made ads
for them every one a college students
artists East Village freaks fiber optic
and his whole crew when he got out of
jail he made that his hangout spot he
was there all the time
that's fiber optic with a pH today five
hackers were indicted on federal wire
fraud charges when we changed the menu
he got bummed and you saw less of him
uh-huh a lot of hackers were there a lot
of artists a lot of students is amazing
mix of people the media was all over it
and so people were coming from Japan
specifically to see the cafe but despite
all that a little over a year later in
1996 a cafe closed down it was horrible
from the beginning we never ever broke
even it was the most stressful thing it
was very stressful it it'd be simpler to
say that people retreated from internet
cafes to use the Internet at home and
there were a lot of AOL CDs offering
people free trials we had hundreds of
AOL CDs at the cafe I mean just the
amount of CDs was was just ludicrous
but the cafe closed for a lot of reasons
it was tough to make money with a t1
connection but it's also just tough to
run a restaurant in general the internet
wasn't the problem
the business was before its time it was
so idealistic what we were doing right
it was just to educate and the internet
would never be monetized the idea was
really to to create a physical space
to present virtual space to really see
to to extend the invitation to public
and since here is the Internet
at its best today 12 st. Mark's Place is
not a German shooting gallery or a
homeless shelter or a bookshop for an
internet cafe its apartments a yoga
studio in a Latin organic vegan
restaurant there's no shooting gallery
bowling alley bookshop or old bucks and
lame ducks but they do have one thing so
I was worried I could ask you a few
questions about the business there just
to check my information do you have
internet there yes do you know how fast
it is I don't know fast it is I must
fast enough they've got all our guests
used to fine
Glen told me that video chat was
actually really popular in the early
days of the cafe but the quality left
something to be desired this is what
most video chats would have looked like
using the sea you see me software that
was popular at the time
