this is a perfectly normal elevator ride
this elevator ride is incredibly
uncomfortable what if you could measure
these awkward moments what if you could
transcribe them like a conversation in
the 1960s an anthropologist did just
that
Edward Twitchell Hall is known for
conceptualizing the personal space
bubble and he also created a whole
system of notation to record how people
navigate shared space all had been
around the world and taught thousands of
foreign service personnel how to
communicate in different cultures
he believed culture and communication
were inseparable and that communication
was as present in silence as in speech
he once wrote man has developed his
territoriality to an almost unbelievable
extent yet we treat space somewhat as we
treat sex it is there but we don't talk
about it
Paul called his study proxemics and it
dissected personal interaction with
eight key modes of analysis that each
had their own code for recording one
posture and sex these drawings use
simple lines to show if it was a man or
a woman and if they were standing
sitting
or lying down every symbol got a number
two so each position could be clear in
an instant to how people interacted
socio fugle relationships preserved in
individuals privacy societal ones
encouraged interaction John as if from
above he could show of people were
facing each other or not here's a couple
side to side here's one back to back and
they could measure the effects of space
on interaction three and four touch and
space he built a grid to describe every
touch zero zero was closest with a
caress six six men no contact at all and
in between was the nuance of human
interaction twenty two might be a hug
thirty three a high-five five a visual
code even eye contact could be
quantified from the center of one retina
to the center of another it could be
dazzlingly direct or it could be the
peripheral vision that dodged real
connection six body he body he could be
recorded too it's another way of
measuring connection all quoted one
subject who said she could feel her
dance partners stomach heat up seven
smell
he even monitored smell and breath
giving it its own code dbo means a smell
as differentiated body odor a wafting
smell could be as loud as a word this is
the section about spam listening
Shh eight loudness now if somebody said
Jenny
it could be coated on a scale to measure
the nuance Jeremy I got you the
documents now observers could describe
interactions like a meeting without
needing to use words instead they could
show a man sitting in a group touching
no one with indirect eye contact no heat
or smell in a soft voice and together
all of these precise measurements help
discover the personal space bubble we
all know all refined it in other papers
and books but his personal space bubble
is the one we know well as he defined it
in his book the hidden dimension
surrounding a person he found a one foot
bubble split into four intimate space a
bubble of personal space followed out to
four feet beyond that was the social
space of four to ten feet and public
space beyond that it became how we think
of space just because one person
bothered to observe it today we still
use proxemics to understand space in
people it's guided us not as a rulebook
but as a theory for everyone from
theater directors to intercultural
communicators to video game designers
he's nice but have a close talker
how are you folks in town it won't make
the elevator ride more comfortable but
now at least you know how to describe
sohal had a lot of different
inspirations for proxemics but i wanted
to talk about one that was kind of
unexpected an ornithologist he was
inspired by each Howard who wrote about
territory and bird life
