to understand leap year you have to know
this one fact Earth rotates 365.24 to
one nine times during one full orbit of
the Sun that's right a year is not 365
days its 365.2425 days candor is off by
a quarter of a day for about six hours
every year it's pretty annoying Julius
Caesar thought so too back in 45 BC he
came up with a solution for three years
we ignore that extra quarter of a day
then every four years we add those four
quarter days back together and stick an
extra day at the end of February
without that leap day the gap between
the calendar year in the true year would
gradually increase after a hundred years
the calendar would be off by about 25
days so why does this matter
billions of years ago something smashed
into Earth and knocked its axis about 23
degrees and thus were born the seasons
winter when were tilted away from the
Sun and summer when were tilted toward
it and were used to these seasons lining
up with our calendar it's handy for all
sorts of record-keeping but without leap
year our calendar would become
disconnected from the seasons after
seven hundred years or so Christmas
would show up in the middle of summer
we'd have Thanksgiving in the spring st.
Patrick's Day in the fall and Labor Day
in the winter chaos it's still not a
perfect system though leap you're
actually overcorrect slightly so every
hundred years we skip a leap day but
that puts the calendar slightly behind
again so we skip skipping leap day every
four hundred years and even still after
a few thousand years we'll be off again
by a day
you
