watching the presidential candidates zip
around the early primary states it's
easy to feel left out it makes you
wonder why don't we all just have our
presidential primaries on the same day
one study estimated that voters in Iowa
have five times the influence of voters
who live in states with later primaries
which doesn't exactly square with the
idea of one-person one-vote
a national primary day isn't exactly a
new idea it's been proposed in Congress
more than a hundred times since 1911 but
none of those bills have gone anywhere
and one reason is that the national
political parties the Democrats and the
Republicans they don't really like the
idea they worry that a 50-state campaign
would basically just become a giant TV
ad war where the candidate with the most
money always has the advantage the
national parties have helped protect
Iowa and New Hampshire in part because
these are small states where candidates
have to engage in the tradition of
retail politics shaking hands kissing
babies and eating fried food with the
locals Iowa and New Hampshire also fight
to protect their own calendar positions
which originally came about more or less
by historical accident they have
resorted to blackmail there's no doubt
about it
from time to time when they've been
challenged they let it be known to the
presidential candidates you'd better not
go mount a campaign and one of those
states trying to jump before us back in
1996 Louisiana tried to jump the line
and hold it to caucus first but Iowa
politicians told the candidates if they
campaigned in Louisiana they would be
sorry the candidates obliged and the
pundits and press deemed the Louisiana
contest meaningless Iowa and New
Hampshire fight tooth and nail to keep
their first and second status and the
National Party's live no interest in
challenging them if other states try to
leapfrog Iowa or New Hampshire both
states have laws requiring them to
schedule their contests even earlier so
instead the other states scheduled their
primaries as close to Iowa and New
Hampshire as they can a process called
front-loading which is how we get this
scheduled we're contests after Super
Tuesday don't really matter
much and where most people rationally
choose to stay home when their state's
primary rolls around hey there this is
al quie he is one of the dozens of
members of Congress who over the years
have introduced bills into House of
Representatives and the Senate trying to
get a national primary day put in place
unfortunately Al's bill which he
introduced in 1977 was called HR 6 865
al Phil like all bills calling for
national primary day ended up going
nowhere and Congress portal which is why
we still have the system that we have
today be sure to tune in next week same
time for our next installment of box
explains the primaries
