again and again and again Trump has
taken real problems real problems but
manageable problems which is then turned
into disaster all of it is Trump
recklessly impulsively endangering his
own presidency and in doing his reminded
Republicans what they feared a trump
presidency would be like
unconstitutional unfocused chaotic
scandal-plagued and damaging to both
America's standing in the world and the
gops brand at home I'm not saying Trump
is about to be impeached there's a long
way between here and there
Republicans still see that as a calamity
for their party but this is a moment in
which the tectonic plates that underlie
political opinion in Washington are
shifting it's a moment in which the
unthinkable is being thought announced
and perhaps even hastened not the only
thing I can say it is I think we've seen
this movie before
I think it's reaching the point where
it's of Watergate size and scale and a
couple of other scandals that you and I
have seen with those allegations browser
if if the allegations are true yes
Donald Trump is doing so himself
Trump's feud with the intelligence
agencies began in earnest after the CIA
concluded that Russia too interfered in
the 2016 election to help Trump win
Trump could have just been angry at
Russia he could have said it's sad that
a foreign government is interfering in
American elections instead he turned his
eye on the CIA and then this happened
terrible just found out that Obama had
my wires tapped that's in quotes in
Trump Tower just before the victory
nothing found this is McCarthyism
there's no evidence for his claims and
unusually to head to the FBI any NSA
refuted him during sworn to rest on
testimony director Comey was the
president's statement that Obama had his
wires tapped in Trump Tower a true
statement with respect to the
president's tweets about alleged
wiretapping directed at him by the prior
administration I have no information
that supports those tweets and we have
looked carefully inside the FBI Michael
Flynn told the transition told Don began
in early January that he was under
federal investigation for his work on
behalf of Turkey throughout the campaign
of course Trump named in National
Security Adviser anyway because why not
have an agent of a foreign government as
your national security adviser and then
there's a story that dominated the news
there's word tonight that President
Trump may have jeopardized a secret
source of intelligence on the Islamic
state group The Washington Post is
reporting as the president divulged
highly sensitive information when he met
with the Russian Foreign Minister and
Russian ambassador last week that means
that whatever Trump said made it
possible for the Russians to figure out
where the intelligence was coming from
which interns means it's possible Israel
will lose a key source of information on
Isis because of Trump's actions so
investigation to end calls for
investigations had swirled around
Trump's at the beginning of his
administration but congressional
Republican Senate reasonably easy to
ignore them the point I was trying to
make is I don't think there needs to be
a political or a politicized investigate
law enforcement is always free to
investigate people they think broke the
law so if someone broke the law here and
I'm still not aware of what law was
broken or who broke it but if they did
we have mechanisms for trying people in
the court but I don't want a politicized
investigation here that do tracks from
doing the things that we need to do
first Trump asked homie to stop
investigating Michael Flynn he also has
called me to announce publicly the Trump
is not under investigation Comey refused
both requests and in addition he took
notes on both encounters then Trump
fired call me and he fired him over the
FBI's investigation into the Trump
campaigns contact with Russia the timing
of the firing it was dissolved and the
way it was handled alienated both Comey
and the FBI this too was a problem from
created for himself but there was a
quasi reasonable explanation for calm
expiring and and the White House Trump's
White House tried to offer it Deputy
Attorney General rod Rosenstein is
pretty widely respected they said had
reviewed komak handling of the
controversial Clinton email case and
they concluded his credibility was now
compromised fair enough
people didn't quite believe it but it
had a shred of truth to it but then
Trump destroyed it telling NBC Lester
Holt regardless of recommendation I was
going to fire coming I said you know
this Russia thing with Trump and Russia
is a made-up story it's an excuse by the
Democrats for having lost an election
that they should have won no one made
Trump do this and then no one made Trump
in an oval office meeting with Russian
his Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov the
same meeting where he gave up that
intelligence nobody made him brag about
firing call me the latest bombshell a
New York Times report that the president
told Russian officials in an oval office
meeting earlier this month that firing
Jim Comey as FBI director removed great
pressure on him quote I just fired the
head of the FBI he was crazy a real
nutjob I faced great pressure because of
Russia that's taken off I can't know why
you would do that what would possess a
human being in Trump's position to do
that some things cannot be explained
it's from that meeting was subsequently
leaked to the New York Times and press
secretary Sean Spicer confirmed the
account the remarkable thing looking
back on the timeline is it none of it
was necessary Trump could have simply
treated Comey well and tried to win him
over as an ally will offer bland
statements of support for his work as
recently as two weeks ago Republicans
thought it safer not to know the crimes
committed committed or the lines he may
have crossed today the GOP is facing the
grim reality the Trump is not
disciplined enough and the Drakh receipt
elite is not loyal enough to keep his
misdeeds hidden some Republicans some
Republicans not all are concluding the
truth will emerge as it appears to be
doing now so they may as well be the
Patriots who uncover that rather than
have to suppress it and that more than
anything is what in dangers Donald
Trump's presidency
