over the years I've heard a number of
different members of your team refer to
your kind of philosophy in foreign
affairs as realism is that it is that a
term you would use you know
traditionally a lot of American foreign
policy has been divided into the realist
camp and the idealist camp and you know
so if you're an idealist you're like
Woodrow Wilson and you're out there with
the League of Nations and imagining
everybody holding hands and singing
Kumbaya and if you're a realist then and
you're supporting dictators who happen
to be our friends and and and I just
don't think that that describes what a
smart foreign policy should be what I do
think is accurate in describing my
foreign policy is we don't have military
solutions to every problem in the 21st
century the biggest challenge that we
have right now is disorder ending two
wars was important not because I was
under any illusions that that would mean
we wouldn't have any terrorist threat it
does mean though that by not having a
hundred and eighty thousand people in
Iraq and Afghanistan it frees us up to
be able to send a team to prevent Ebola
double down on our investments and
things like cyber security to look at
the new threats and opportunities that
are out there
that's in no way a concession to this
idea that America is withdrawing or yeah
there's not much we can do it's just a
realistic assessment of how the world
works so you you seem to resist the
realist label earlier but when you talk
about your goals in the Middle East you
seem very concerned about disorder and
you didn't mention anything like
democracy or human rights and well as
you talked about partnering with it's
places like Egypt where they came to
power in a military coup Saudi Arabia
with public beheadings rainwear during
the Arab Spring you know they were
eating non violent demonstrators for
pressing that very violently do you have
any concerns about this sort of
long-term sustainability of those kind
of partnerships well but this is a
perfect example meadow
we're the division between realism and
idealism kind of breaks down I have a
firm believer that particularly in this
modern Internet age the capacity of the
old-style authoritarian government to
sustain itself just is going to continue
to weaken but in those conversations I'm
also going to acknowledge that for a
country that say has no experience in in
democracy or as no functioning civil
society or where the most organized
factions are religious sects that our
progress is going to be happening and
steps as opposed to in one big leap the
goal of any good foreign policy is
having a vision and aspirations and
ideals but also recognize the world as
it is where it is figuring out how do
you attack to the point where things are
better than they were before
it doesn't mean perfect it does means
better
