look at this picture you know the music
will play even if you have the volume
off
No No
yep why is this song the graduation song
how did pomp and circumstance become the
soundtrack to every single graduation
it's past and fate is surprising and to
understand it you have to know about the
British Empire's war for gold let's get
technical first this son is part of
Edward Elgar's pomp and circumstance
military marches specifically it's the
tune from 1901 s March number one in D
Land of Hope and Glory is the version
with words but to get there you have to
go back in 1901 Queen Victoria was
coming to the end of her 63 year
seven-month reign that period marked a
big expansion of the British Empire in
1901 a central conflict was the Boer War
in South Africa it was basically fought
over packed diamonds and gold mines
Boers were the Dutch South Africans
opposing Britain black South Africans
were largely caught in the crossfire
though some fought with the Boers for
all South Africans the war was brutal
the British destroyed a lot of territory
and built incredibly harsh internment
camps but for the British that was the
march of Empire that fight was in the
background when Queen Victoria died in
1901 when her eldest son Edward the
seventh prepared to be coronated in 1902
he needed a program at that time edward
elgar was already famous and so was his
military march so Edward the seventh
asked him to play it at the coronation
and add some words Elgar got a C Benson
to write lyrics and they were more like
here's an early recording son by Dame
Clara body
just a second day but rewind that wider
still means empires expanding for the
coronation of a king and the main pomp
and circumstance comes from an O fellow
quote about well here's Orson well pomp
and circumstance of glorious war this
sounds about Empire so why do Americans
think it's about graduation
pomp and circumstance was a near-instant
hit in America to the tune was famous
from its premiere and it was quickly
used in graduation in 1905 the
University of Chicago and University of
Cincinnati both used Edward Elgar's
March at their commencement later that
same year Elgar went to Yale to get an
honorary degree for his world-famous
composition in his honor they played
pomp and circumstance without lyrics as
the ceremony ended the New Haven Morning
Journal called it a military March but
early elite adoption helped it spread
across universities for example here's
the University of Minnesota's
commencement programs from 1900 to 1950
here are the ceremonies where pomp and
circumstance plays in 1931 the tune was
so popular that Elgar recorded it for a
record it was the very first session
recorded at Abbey Road Studios yes the
Beatles Abbey room the song established
a legacy that legacy just depended on
which country you were hearing it in in
the UK compensation stands remained like
an unofficial national anthem while the
u.s. became graduation
that's obvious in the parodies in
Kubrick's clockwork orange'
the song satirizes government in Disney
it's Fantasia 2000 the joke is about a
graduation March Elgar wears a mortar
board in America and a crown in the UK
but in either case in military marching
doors even if it's not fully understood
the British Empire has shrunk but the
sauna Elgar wrote for it it grows
mightier take it away
gain by
so this is probably not the first time
this has happened but I wanted to call
out that we actually got the idea for
this video from a comment so thank you
for that comment and that is the reason
that you've just learned the history of
pomp and circumstance and that I've had
this song stuck in my head for the past
two weeks
