people just take on us they really hate
it if you don't like Congress and
Congress is fundamentally an ongoing
fight between the Democratic Party
Republican party isn't the thing that
would fix it a third part I think I get
that question more than any other the
thing there is that it really comes down
to what you mean by the word fix do you
remember the underpants gnomes from
South Park it gets a bit like that you
have step one a third party step two
mmm step three politics is fixed correct
let's talk for a second about step two
those question marks the problem third
parties can solve is a problem of idea
suppression for some reason there's a
popular idea or a popular looping of
ideas and neither parties went back
third parties can break the monopoly
Democrats and Republicans have over
which ideas could consider the probably
cancel the problem they might actually
make worse is a problem of no idea not
even the ideas backed by Democrats and
Republicans being able to make it
through else people fail it is a US
Congress in fact a third party might
make that hellscape a fail even though
one of the people I spoke to about third
parties when trying to figure this out
is Ronald Rappaport he's a political
scientist at Williams & Mary and he
wrote the book on third parties I mean
that totally literally the book is
called three's a crowd
the thing he says is third parties to
survive need a quote unique agenda if
someone is gonna actually go to the
trouble of supporting a third party they
need a damn good reason and that reason
is usually the third party is saying
something that those people really
believe because the big two parties are
not saying it's worth stopping on that
point for a moment because Washington
forgets it completely the constant
talking about a third party is a third
party by elites and for elites the third
party of unity o 8 Michael Bloomberg
running for president simpson-bowles of
technocrats of the Brookings Institute
sober moderate things people in
Washington already care about that is
not how successful third parties look
they're about the things that Washington
elites don't
or at least don't care about in the
correct combination Ross Perot
supporters sprint streets they were
completely pro-choice totally anti
affirmative action and really
nationalist which is to say they weren't
moderates third parties were not
moderate they were extreme in ways that
went left to right and then back to
right and then back to left again and
again and again so if that's your
problem but no one in Washington talks
about what you care about then a third
party is a weapon that can help again
think about Perot Bill Clinton was much
more focused on reducing the deficit
because pros showed the issues total
power Newt Gingrich's Contract with
America was a very close ecolift bros
united we stand by 1996 there wasn't
that much left for Perot and his party
to do but ideas are not Washington's
problem the problem is it
no ideas are moving at all the basic
machinery of government the thing that
is supposed to take ideas and make them
if they're popular and sound into laws
has stopped functioning
a third party might actually make that
worse let's start with the likeliest
third party way and a third party
president some super charismatic
probably super-rich figure comes in and
wins the presidential election right now
the basic problem in American politics
is it one of the two major political
parties has an interest in destroying
the president at any given time the new
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell
said in 2010 quote the single most
important thing we want to achieve is
for President Obama to be a one-term
president with a third party president
both parties would have an interest in
destroying the president not just one in
fact the party the president was
actually closer to on policy might be
even more committed to her destruction
because a third party is a bigger threat
to the party it agrees with most think
of Ralph Nader being a spoiler for Al
Gore
so that would be the problem for a third
party president they would get even less
congressional cooperation than a
democrat or republican but it's also
possible for a third party to win a
bunch of seats in the House and Senate
and try to fix Congress from the inside
that's all so damn hard everything in
Congress pretty much is structured by
the two major parties committee
assignment debate rules floor time all
of them a third party that didn't play
ball would find itself powerless
that's why third party candidates who do
winning congressional seats tend to work
with one of the two parties think of
Bernie Sanders from Vermont or angus
King from Maine they won their seats as
third party candidates but they caucus
with and act like traditional Democrats
in Congress even when you look three or
more parties you quickly realize you
only really have two but the other
problem is if even if the third party
did win seats in Congress and accepted
less institutional power it's hard to
see what problem would actually solve
Congress is split by disagreements it
can't resolve and an inability to
comment a third party would simply add
more disagreements and more people who
needed to be compromised with into the
mix which is to say that all the crazy
incentives and screwed up structures
that are causing so many problems in our
two-party system would end up causing
just as many problems if not more for
a third party might change the ideas
Washington takes seriously but it's hard
to see it fixing the fact that
Washington can't do anything with the
ideas it already does take seriously
