the Obama administration just announced
a massive executive action it's going to
protect about 4 million unauthorized
immigrants from deportation and it's
gonna let them work legally in the u.s.
since 9/11 the number of deportations
has risen drastically since the
President Obama came into office there
have been about 400,000 deportations
every single year but we're not going to
deport all eleven million unauthorized
immigrants so given that choices have to
get made about who gets deported and who
doesn't the administration has decided
that it doesn't make sense to deport
people who have lived in the US for
several years who have not committed
crimes and you have families here that
they need to take care of for the last
decade or so the unauthorized immigrant
population has been really well settled
in the US as of 2013 almost two-thirds
of unauthorized adults had been here for
ten years or more and at least four
million have children who are US
citizens those are the people who the
Obama administration has decided to
protect with this new action these
protections already apply to a group of
younger unauthorized immigrants called
dreamers because they would have
benefited from the DREAM Act we know
that Republicans are extremely angry
about this there are lots of Pro
immigration enforcement people out there
who say that there should really be a
threat of random deportation on any
individual unauthorized immigrant but it
is not legitimate to say that it's
somehow illegal for the president to
decide who to deport and who not to
deport plenty of presidents have done
that in the past George HW Bush gave
similar protections to family members of
people who are going to become US
citizens it was a smaller number of
people but about an equal percentage of
the unauthorized population this won't
give anyone official legal status and it
won't put anyone on a path to
citizenship only Congress can do that
but it allows them to apply for
something that promises they won't be
deported for three years
apply for a work permit
and millions of families will know for
sure for the first time in years that
they won't be torn apart
