on Friday November 7th the Obama
administration got what is arguably even
more snooze for them than Republicans
taken over in the Senate the Supreme
Court has decided to take a case called
King versus Burwell which is as big a
threat to Obamacare as the individual
mandate case was a few years back it is
an existential threat and the reason why
is this Obamacare is a three-legged
stool one leg is the individual mandate
you have to buy insurance another leg is
the ban on pre-existing conditions the
insurer has to sell you insurance even
if you're sick or have been sick but the
third leg of the stool and the one
that's most important are the subsidies
that is a way the government makes this
thing that they're telling you you have
to buy and then insurers have to sell
affordable and what King versus Burwell
does is it says it in 36 states where
the federal government is running the
health insurance exchange the subsidies
the federal government uses to make
insurance affordable are illegal now
this all comes down to nine words in the
law where arguably the government was
unclear and what the plaintiffs argue
about those nine words is it you could
only get subsidies if as a state you
built your health care exchange yourself
the drafters of law pretty much everyone
who wrote it covered it conceptualized
it anything they all say the same thing
that's ridiculous
we gave the federal government power to
create exchanges on behalf of states and
of course we always meant for those
exchanges to have subsidies otherwise
we've crippled the entire law if they
rip these subsidies out of 36 states
that's more than 7 million people for
whom insurance becomes almost instantly
unaffordable and when those people leave
the people left are older and they're
sicker then you get an insurance and
death spiral as premiums begin jacking
up and up and up because there aren't
enough healthy young people in the
system in 36 states a lot of them that
are working pretty well under Obamacare
where millions of people have been
covered this would overnight if the
Supreme Court rules in favor of the
plaintiffs destroy Obamacare and send
those people back to the ranks of the
uninsured before today most people
thought the Supreme Court just ignored
us because that seems absolutely too
partisan and crazy for them to do
but there's a whole lot better chance
today they're gonna do it than there was
yesterday
you
you
