we could do so much more to help people
live longer healthier more productive
lives tobacco remains the leading
preventable cause of death in this
country it still kills more than a
thousand Americans every day and yet if
you look at the communities that have
done the right things they've driven
rates way down by twenty thirty percent
teen smoking rates down by 50% or more
we could drive those numbers down
dramatically if we focus on take blood
pressure controlled heart attacks and
strokes kill more Americans than any
other cause in fact cause more
inequalities in health than any other
disease two million Americans a year get
a heart attack or a stroke and yet many
maybe even most of those could be
prevented by simple things like
controlling your blood pressure taking
an aspirin a day here at risk getting
your cholesterol under control and not
smoking and vaccine preventable diseases
are still too common we're seeing for
example outbreaks of measles now in
communities that haven't vaccinated well
we're seeing cervical cancer that's
going to continue if we don't get our
HPV vaccination rate stopped and we see
thousands of people going to hospitals
every year who don't have to if they
just got a flu shot every year
what are the big opportunities out there
and health what are the opportunities
for us to not die as often or as early
oh I guess we're likely to dies often I
would start with tobacco control you
know if people sometimes think oh
tobacco that's yesterday's issue it
still kills more people than anything
else in this country and around the
world and there's a lot more that we can
do about it
it doesn't just kill people it disables
disfigures causes disease increases our
healthcare costs so tobacco is really
the number one enemy of health in this
country and around the world
when you say that a lot of people think
tobacco is yesterday's news what is the
next step on policy I mean at this point
you're dealing with taxes in New York
say that are high enough that one out of
three packs is basically smuggled into
this state so you say there's a lot more
to do what is there more to do first off
there are a lot of places that haven't
yet implemented the things that we know
work whether that's protecting people
from secondhand smoke at work or
increasing tax or reducing smuggling
which there are ways to do or running
hard-hitting ads which we know make a
major impact save lives and save money
so these are some of the things that
work a healthcare system can do much
better at helping people quit
medications will double or triple the
chances that you'll succeed but really
the things that are going to make the
biggest impact are price image through
hard-hitting ads and smoke-free laws
what do you think about e-cigarettes a
cigarette
may help in some ways but they are
definitely harmful in many ways as well
if they get kids hooked on tobacco and
nicotine which they are doing if they
get smokers to continue smoking rather
than quit if they get smokers to quit to
come back to smoking if they Riegel a
memorize the act of smoking or confuse
smokers about what works to quit these
are all real problems with only at this
point potential benefits whoa what's
your view of the evidence on whether to
actually help people quit there's one
small well done study they helped a
little bit the patches helped a little
bit and look that study - the two
weren't statistically different so we
don't know but we do know that people
who are using e-cigarettes are not
quitting at higher rates than the
who aren't using them now and as we
learn more I have no doubt that an
individual here or there can be helped
by them that they might be helpful for
some people but as a societal issue
they're only going to be helpful if
they're well regulated and if cigarettes
are well regulated so I'm a dedicated
reader of the CDC's vital signs
newsletter in the culture when you think
about drugs that are hurting people you
think about illegal drugs when I read
your newsletter it scares the hell out
of me about legal drugs it's about
tobacco it's about alcohol and it's
about opiates and prescription drugs
which I think there's been according you
guys a 400% increase in female deaths
from prescription drug overdose the last
couple of years and then also it's about
antibiotics and overuse of antibiotics
and the rise of superbugs you guys have
scared the hell out of me about things
that are supposedly if not safe at least
safer adults to consume in reasonably
regulated ways in health care there's
something that sometimes called the
inverse care law people who get care the
most needed the least and vice versa
that's also sometimes true in terms of
medications we overuse a lot of
medications but we also under use
important medications we don't get it
right one of the most striking weeks
I've had a CDC director in my five years
there was when I had in the course of
one week alone looked at the increase in
prescription opiate overdoses in death
numbers an increase in babies born
addicted to opiates because their mother
was taking an opiate during pregnancy in
distracted would drop drugged driving an
increase in hepatitis C from kids who
started out using pills then graduated
to heroin because was cheaper and an
increase in HIV in that same population
this isn't the course of one week it's
every age group from babies to seniors
there are enough opiates prescribed in
this country for every single adult to
get 75 pills every year really that's a
huge problem we're awash in these and
one of the things that we need to do as
a society of course we need to improve
the prescribing practices we need to
improve what states do on opiate
monitoring we need to improve what
medical boards do
we need to ensure that there's a good
collaboration between law enforcement
for that tiny number of people who are
breaking the law and treatment and
public health programs to support people
need help and support but what we also
need to do is start looking at what we
what we think about as a society because
some of the things that are going to
help our health most isn't gonna be
taking another pill it may be getting
physical activity may be eating
healthier may be joining a book club it
may be building
linkages in society that are are getting
eroded by some of the things in our
society this will be a really basic
medical question so forgive it but what
does it mean when an infant is born
addicted to opiates it is horrific
opiates changed the way your body works
and developed dependency or addiction if
you remove the opiates then the opposite
of what the opiate causes happens that
are very high rate and you can get a
rapid heartbeat
you get sweating you can get profuse
problems you can get hyperactivity and
you can actually get death infants who
are born opiate addicted need to be very
carefully detoxified from that in a way
that will not harm them I want to talk
through for another minute the
antibiotics and superbugs because when I
sit around thinking about what should I
be neurotic about that's typically what
I come to when I've spoken to some
people really study those issues you
really do work on that they talk about
what sounds like an from a medical
perspective an almost post-apocalyptic
landscape where we are entering a
post-antibiotic world because we're not
coming up with them fast enough and the
one we have are rapidly losing their
effectiveness how worried are you or how
worried should I be about the rise of
superbugs in a sort of constricting
pipeline of antibiotics of new
antibiotics you should be worried enough
to make sure that we have the resources
at CDC to reverse this problem and slow
it I'm not I don't think I have as much
money as you think I have well first off
I'll just tell you two stories it's not
often that top scientists at CDC come to
me and say we have a problem we need you
to sound the alarm that happened here
that happened here with a class of
organisms called CR E or
carbapenem resistant Rebecca Shay they
are gram-negative our organisms which
tend to be pretty deadly particularly
people in hospitals and they have
developed resistance to virtually all or
in some cases all of our antibiotics and
over the past decade we've watched them
spread where they were just in one state
now they're in nearly every state in the
US where they were just occasional now
there's many one in ten of some of the
deadliest organisms that spread in our
hospitals these are truly nightmare
bacteria the good news is that we know
how to control them we've now
recommended that every single Hospital
in this country have an antibiotic
stewardship program and will help them
to set those up
we recommend that every hospital tracks
what their resistance patterns are what
they're prescribing patterns are and
we're focusing on hospitals because half
of all hospitalized patients get an
antibiotic in their course of treatment
but maybe a third of those antibiotics
are either inappropriate or unnecessary
they're given too long they're too
broad-spectrum they're not necessary the
result of that kind of problem with
antibiotic prescribing that we have more
than 23,000 deaths a year from resistant
organisms and in addition to that what
about 14,000 deaths a year from what's
called c-diff or Clostridium difficile
which is an organism you get if you take
antibiotics so it's a serious problem we
do have the risk of being in a
post-antibiotic here and I'm cleaned as
an infectious disease physician so I
think back to my years of training in my
care of patients with tuberculosis and
HIV where we had patients who we had no
treatment for and you really do feel
like you're in a post-antibiotic era you
you're back to doing things like
removing parts of lungs and trying
experimental therapies and hoping that
the patient's own immune system kicks
back in but we can make a big difference
we think that with a modest investment
we'll be able to cut drug-resistant
organisms particularly CRE by 50 percent
in five years and c-diff by 50 percent
in five years we can do this we can make
a big difference what about the other
side of the equation what do we need to
do to reopen the new antibiotics
pipeline because when you talk to folks
they don't seem to think we've had a
point
or the human race cannot discover or
create not a bother safe
seem to think that the economics of
doing so simply aren't advantageous for
the drug companies we don't know how
long and how likely it it's gonna how
long it's gonna be and how likely it
will be that we'll be able to succeed in
making new antibiotics but we've got to
try there are a few different moves
afoot in Congress to make it more
economically advantageous for companies
to develop new antibiotics we want to
make sure that when new antibiotics come
onto the market they're used well so
that companies can both make a good
profit a reasonable profit and also we
don't abuse the medications and lose
them in a couple of years if we don't
improve our system for using antibiotics
the new ones are gonna be lost just as
quickly as we're losing the ones we have
today there is a study you probably saw
that came out of Oregon on Medicaid but
broadly on on whether health insurance
made you healthy and what they found is
Medicaid worked like normal health
insurance you got the money to go see a
doctor the Medicaid would finance it you
had reasonably good access but when they
looked at things like blood pressure
things and cholesterol things it should
have been brought under control within
two years they didn't see a huge
difference our system actually does not
reliably translate all that money we're
spending on care and on coverage into
actual health you have to say that
having coverage a way to get care
without going broke isn't necessary but
not a sufficient condition for a big
health improvement we published an
article a few years ago about the
Massachusetts experience initially they
had a big increase in coverage but not a
big increase in access because we had a
gap in primary care availability and
that's fundamentally because we don't
pay primary care providers enough but
you also have to look at the time
horizon we need to be able to look 10 or
20 years down the line if I get your
blood pressure down from 160 over a
hundred down to 130 over 80 with a
couple of medications that's gonna
substantially reduce your risk of all
sorts of problems but it may take 5 10
even 20 years for those for that
prevention to happen but getting the
quality and then waiting to see the
results is important okay so I'm the
kind of person who like literally will
not go see a movie about a disease
outbreak because it will activate my
ancient lineage of neurotic approach to
dizzy
you sit around and you marinate in what
appears to me to be the most horrifying
data that mankind can produce every day
how does your family live differently
what do you have them do that is
different than what most folks do to be
protected from what you whatever you've
come to perceive is high risk
very little is different really it's
basic wash your hands regularly get
regular physical activity eat foods you
love that are healthy it's not anything
particularly different from what's
routine that's one of the things that's
so challenging take physical activity as
an example you don't have to have much
30 minutes a day and doing that which
can be three ten-minute walks is going
to make a huge difference in your life
you'll feel better even if you don't
lose an ounce you will be much less
likely to have high blood pressure high
cholesterol cancer arthritis depression
you'll feel better you'll sleep better
doesn't cost a cent so there's a lot of
things that can be done that are not
very difficult and can make a really big
difference of course get your shots get
vaccinations get a flu shot every year
and see the doctor regularly and if you
have a problem make sure to get
follow-up do you remember the old
Michael Pollan line that eat food not
too much mostly plants yep
it kind of sounds like if you are doing
that you would say eat real food walk 30
minutes and wash your hands
don't smoke alcohol in moderation but it
kind of sounds like from this
conversation the big stuff you could
probably fit into less than 15 words
compose a sentence for me huh
eat right and get physical activity
don't smoke alcohol in moderation
spend time with friends
you
you
