I care signup deadline gets closer this
contentious part of law is the
individual mandate vigil men not part of
the law the affordable health insurance
needs a lot of healthy people for every
sick person it signs up but the problem
with that is it health insurance is
worth more to sick people than it is to
healthy people sick people want it more
and they will pay more for it so here's
what can happen you get a really good
health insurance package really good so
all the sick people rush to buy it
healthy people decide it's too expensive
because of all these sick people pushing
up premium so the very healthiest the
people who think they need the least
leave that raises premiums those higher
premiums push the next healthiest group
out to up go premiums again out go the
next healthiest group over and over and
over again that is a death spiral until
now insurance had a real easy way to
prevent death spirals just don't sell
health insurance sick people or if you
do make them pay so much you don't have
to charge healthy people there but
Obamacare says insurers can't do that
they need to sell insurance to sick
people they can't even charge sick
people more than to charge healthy
people they can't discriminate on
pre-existing conditions at all enter the
individual mandate now rather than
keeping sick people out the idea is
we're going to pull healthy people in
starting this year anyone who doesn't
health insurance for longer than 3
months has to pay at least 95 dollars or
one percent of modified adjusted gross
income that's your income minus some tax
deductions you can calculate it online
we call it Meiji for short the penalty
is even steeper next year so imagine
your families may jeez if you go without
health insurance this year it's 800
dollars to the government next year it's
$1,600 and the year after that
$2,000 ouch now that's less money than
health insurance will usually cost you
but you don't get anything for that
money you don't get to see the doctor
you don't get your hospital bills
covered and so people even young and
healthy ones tend to buy insurance
rather than paying the penalty we know
that from Massachusetts we're Mitt
Romney actually signed one of these
things into law people ended up wanting
health insurance they just needed that
push in Massachusetts that was enough to
prevent a death spiral the question is
whether it will be in the United States
too
you
