we are hurtling toward the day when
climate change could be irreversible sea
levels already altering this nation's
finest capital is choking in its worst
pollution of the year five percent of
species will become extinct letting
leechers melting okay
enough I get it it's not like I don't
care about polar bears and melting ice
caps I'm a conservation scientist so of
course I care I've dedicated my entire
career to this but over the years one
thing has really become clear to me we
need to change the way we talk about
climate change this doom and gloom
messaging just isn't working we seem to
want to tune it out and this fear this
guilt
we know from psychology is not conducive
to engagement
it's rather opposite it makes people
passive because when I feel fearful or
guilt full I will withdraw from the
issue and I'll try to think about
something else that makes me feel better
and with the problem this overwhelming
it's pretty easy to just turn away and
kick the can down the road somebody else
can deal with it
so it's no wonder that scientists and
policy makers have been struggling with
this issue too so I like to say that
climate change is the policy problem
from hell you almost couldn't design a
worse problem as a fit with our
underlying psychology or the way our
institutions make decisions many
Americans continue to think of climate
change as a distant problem distant in
time that the impacts won't be felt for
a generation or more and distant in
space that this is about polar bears or
maybe some developing countries again
it's not like we don't care about these
things it's just such a complicated
problem but the thing is we've faced
enormous scary climate issues before
remember the hole in the ozone layer as
insurmountable as that seemed in the
1970s and 80s
we were able to wrap a hedge around that
and take action people got this very
simple easy to understand concrete image
of this protective layer around the
earth kind of like a roof protecting us
in this case from ultraviolet light
which by the way has the direct health
consequence of potentially giving you
skin cancer okay and so then I got my
attention
and so then they came up with this
fabulous term the ozone hole terrible
problem great term people also got a
concrete image of how even ended up with
this problem for decades
chlorofluorocarbons or CFCs with a main
ingredient in a lot of products like
aerosol spray cans then scientists
discovered that CFCs were actually
destroying the atmospheric ozone people
could look at their own hairspray and
say do I want to destroy the planet
because of my hairspray I mean a god no
and so what's interesting is that sales
of hairspray and those kinds of products
and you know underarm aerosols started
dropping quite dramatically
people listened to scientists and took
action now scientists predict that the
hole in the ozone layer will be healed
by around 2050 that's actually pretty
amazing and while stopping the use of
one product is actually pretty easy
climate change caused by greenhouse
gases that's much much trickier because
the sources are more complicated and for
the most part that totally invisible
right now there is co2 pouring out of
tailpipes there's co2 pouring out of
buildings there's co2 pouring out of
smokestacks but you can't see it the
fundamental cause of this problem is
largely invisible to most of us I mean
if co2 was black we would have dealt
with this issue in a long time
so co2 touches every part of our lives
our cars the places we work the food we
eat for now let's just focus on one
thing our energy use how do we make that
visible that was the initial goal of
UCLA's engage project one of the
nation's largest behavioral experiments
in energy conservation what we're trying
to do is to figure out how to frame
information about electricity usage so
that people save energy and conserve
electricity the idea is that electricity
is relatively invisible to people
the research team outfitted part of a
student housing complex with meters that
tracked real-time usage of appliances
and then sent them weekly reports so you
can see how much energy the stove used
versus the dishwasher or the fridge we
realize because of this project that the
fridge was like are they the monster
so lucky for them their landlord
upgraded their fridge to an
energy-efficient one they also learned
other energy-saving tips like unplugging
their dishwasher when not in use and air
drying their clothes during the summer
months and researchers in turn
discovered where people were willing to
cut back the engaged project wanted to
know what types of messaging could
motivate people to change their behavior
we wanted to see over time over a year
and with repeated messages how do people
behave how does that impact the consumer
behavior and what we found is that it's
very different some households were sent
personalized emails with their energy
bill about how they could save money
others learned how their energy use
impacted the environment and children's
health
those who receive messages about saving
money did nothing
it was totally ineffective because
electricity is relatively cheap but
email sent that link the amount of
pollutants produced to rates of
childhood asthma in cancer while those
led to an 8 percent drop in energy use
and 19 percent in households with kids
now in a separate study researchers
brought social competition into the mix
first they hung posters around the dorm
building to publicly showcase how
students were really doing red dots fir
energy wasters Green for those doing a
good job and a shiny gold star for those
going above and beyond this social
pressure approach led to a 20% reduction
in energy use this strategy was also
used at Paulina's complex and it
definitely brought out her competitive
streak for me the competition was what
motivated me because seeing your
apartment number and telling you that
you are doing at the average but you are
not the best was like why I'm doing like
everything that you are telling me to do
I always wanted their own gold start
because it's like oh my god I want to be
like the last assumption of energy in
the whole really and psychology studies
have actually proved this we are social
creatures and as individualistic as we
can be turns out we do care about how we
compare with others and yes we do like
to be the best some people don't want to
say oh I'm like the average no my usage
is different and I want to be able to
act on it and people can act on it
because with these meters they can now
see their exact impact a company called
Opower
is playing with this idea of social
competition they work with over a
hundred utility companies to provide
personalized energy reports to millions
of customers around the world
now consumers can not only see their
energy use but how it compares to their
neighbors like the UCLA study found this
subtle social pressure encourages
consumers to save energy
it's been so effective that in 2016 Oh
power was able to generate the
equivalent of two terawatt hours of
electricity savings that's enough to
power every home in Miami for more than
a year and they're not alone even large
companies are tapping into behavioral
science to move the dial Virgin Atlantic
Airways gave a select group of pilots
feedback on their fuel use over the
course of the year they collectively
saved over 6,800 tons of fuel by making
some simple changes adjusting the
altitudes routes and speed reduce their
carbon dioxide emissions by over 21,000
tons these behavioral nudges do seem to
be advancing how we as a society deal
with some pretty complicated climate
change issues but it turns out we're
just getting started there is no quick
fix
we need people changing their companies
changing their business models changing
the products and services they provide
this is about broader scale change and
part of this change includes embracing
what makes us human that it can't just
be a guilt trip about dying polar bears
or driving around in gas guzzlers we
need to talk about our wins as well like
how we're making progress really being
aware of our energy use and taking
advantage of that competitive spirit we
all have in order to really move us from
a state of apathy to action
global warming is by far the biggest
issue of our time climate lab is a new
series from Vox and the University of
California and we'll be exploring some
surprising ways we can tackle this
problem if you want to learn more head
to climate dot University of California
dot edu
