in 1989 Japan's Shinkansen bullet train
had a problem it was fast really fast
like pushing a hundred and seventy miles
per hour fast but every time it exited a
tunnel it was loud the noise was coming
from a variety of sources but whenever a
train sped into a tunnel it pushed waves
of atmospheric pressure through the
other end the air exited tunnels with a
sonic boom that could be heard 400
meters away in dense residential areas
that was a huge problem so an
engineering team was brought in to
design a quieter faster and more
efficient train and they had one secret
weapon aging nakatsu the general manager
of the technical development department
was a birdwatcher different components
of the redesign bullet train were based
on different birds
owls inspired the pantograph that's the
rig that connects the train to the
electric wires above
nakatsu modeled the redesign after their
feathers reducing noise by using the
same serrations and curvature that allow
them to silently swoop down to catch
prey the Adelie penguin whose smooth
body allows it to swim and slide
effortlessly inspired the pantograph
supporting shaft redesigned for lower
wind resistance and perhaps most notable
of all was the Kingfisher
the Kingfisher is a bird that dives into
water to catch its prey the unique shape
of its beak allows it to do that while
barely making a splash nakatsu took that
shape to the design table the team shot
bullets shaped like different train nose
models down a pipe to measure pressure
waves and drop them into water to
measure the splash size the quietest
nose design was the one modeled most
closely after the kingfishers beak when
the redesign debuted in 1997 it was 10%
faster used 15% less electricity and
stayed under the 70 decibel noise limit
in residential areas and it did all that
with the wings of an owl the belly of a
penguin and the nose of a Kingfisher
there's a name for design like this it's
called biomimicry the people who design
our world usually never take a biology
class believe it or not so they're
they're novices in how the world works
that's Janine Benyus
back in 1997 she wrote the book that
coined the term biomimicry it told the
story of the innovations and computing
energy and health that were inspired by
structures in the natural world stick
like a gecko compute like a cell even
run a business like a redwood forest
Benyus has since worked as a consultant
for various companies trying to get them
to understand how to take design ideas
from nature that might mean studying
prairie dog burrows to build better air
ventilation systems mimicking sharkskin
to create bacteria resistant plastic
surfaces for hospitals or arranging wind
turbines in the same drag-reducing
pattern at schools of fish swimming
designers get inspiration from a lot of
different places but Benyus thinks many
of them could benefit from looking more
at the natural world so there's a lot of
sort of looking at what other people
have done and what they do is they look
at all the others and they get ideas
they get they literally do you know a
lot of a lot of designers have lots of
magazines that they look through they
tear those out
them on inspiration boards but they're
looking at other human technologies her
idea was simple designers should get in
the habit of bringing a biologist to the
table and let them help solve problems
by mimicking nature and there are three
main ways they can do that you know you
can mimic its form or its shape you
might create a paint for a building that
when it dries it's got the same
structure as self-cleaning leaves
lotus leaves are notoriously great they
let rainwater clean the leaf because
because they have these bumps the
rainwater balls up on the bumps and then
it pearls away the dirt so that Lotus
effect is physical and you can you can
create a physical structure on the
outside of any product imagine that on
the outside of your car rainwater would
clean your car so that's mimicking form
but there's also mimicking process the
processes in the natural world it might
even be you know how you mimic how ants
communicate in order to efficiently find
sources of food for new new places to
live and those processes that
self-organization has been mimicked in
software you know in things like or you
know autonomous cars and how they're
gonna move in flocks through the city by
talking to one another
that's mimicking nature's process and
then you jump up to the level of
mimicking whole ecosystems right there's
the thing called that's a buzzword right
now that's really hot called the
circular economy which is essentially
you know industry saying you know there
are there's no there should be no such
thing as a byproduct in our
manufacturing facility that goes to
landfill it should be used by something
else right and at the end of a product's
life that product should be up cycled
into something else is being called the
circular economy ecosystems do that
really really really well you've got a
log on the forest floor and those
materials move up into the body of the
fungus that eats it those materials move
up into a mouse and that Mouse material
moves up into a hawk or
and if you think about that is what we'd
like to do with local materials being up
cycled constantly in our cities for
instance those ecosystem lessons are
really big for us and that's the end
goal for biomimetic design making
products systems and cities functionally
indistinguishable from the natural world
life has been around on earth for 3.8
billion years and what designers are
starting to realize is that that is a
lot of research and development time the
people who design our world have a lot
to learn from the natural world all they
have to do is take a look thank you so
much for watching this is one of a
series of videos that we're doing in
collaboration with 99% invisible they
are a podcast that does stories all
about design we loved working with them
you should definitely check them out at
99 peon org or on any podcast app
you
