yeah I like the granite countertop any
countertop a granite countertop the
granite granite granite granite granite
I like the granite countertop wait a
second aren't granite countertops just a
little overrated no no no no listen
listen
your granite countertops beautiful my
counters are awful but the hype is a
little over the top I love this granite
countertop I like it I like it very much
that's good you like it but if you watch
these house-hunting shows it's like
granite countertop hunting maybe with a
house attached granite is the cherry on
top of the sundae when it comes to your
kitchen isn't this all a little bit much
when Consumer Reports looked at
countertops they noted that while
granite is great for heat and scratches
it came chip and it needs periodic
resealing quartz can be similarly priced
and is more durable and requires less
maintenance our dream kitchens used to
look like this so how did we get to be
able to have granite countertops is Jody
oh yeah
glad we can help you with a life goal
granite countertops are about hype not
quality alone and that hype says
something about how trends trickle down
from the elite to everybody else
this is a greeny 1955 video where a
woman brags about her awesome kitchen
this whole kitchen was designed for
efficiency and convenience she shows off
hot new countertops that definitely
weren't granite no danger with mica
whatever thing Formica was the flashiest
brand of laminate that kept counters
stain and scratch free the technology
flourished in the 50s and it was part of
a national trend after World War 2 there
was a sustained housing boom laminate
counters were in and they went in all
those new houses housing for the seventh
straight year the industry has topped 1
million starts prominent companies like
the one that made Youngstown kitchens
benefited from the boom after supply and
steel for military orders during World
War 2 they went on to sell all steel
kitchen cabinets with laminate tops that
fit right in these installed kitchens
set a standard across all the new homes
in America and it was easy to put in
countertops like pusheen a weird type of
vinyl linoleum and sweet sweet laminated
edge grain maple these laminates were a
luxury compared to wood but they were
more affordable thanks to a booming
industry and lots of construction and
manufacturers were darn proud of their
Steel kitchens as this Youngstown choir
sings
flexibility marketers no other galaxy
just watch yourself in the competition
help some pictures RTP
laminates showed up in millions of homes
so how did we go from Dane here with
follow mica - oh my god the color the
color the iridescence is just darkly
the answer is surprisingly similar to
what helped laminates take over in the
1950s Emerson Schwarzkopf had stone
update put together this data on worked
granite imports from 1996 to 2016 worked
granite basically means granite that's
ready to be cut into gorgeous
countertops 1996 shows where granite was
with a relatively low 206 thousand
metric tons imported to the US it was a
leaf so what made it ten times more
popular a decade later granite had cred
because it was rare in 1987 the LA Times
said that it could get you status points
so in the 2000s a few things had to
happen to make the elite material
accessible to the middle-class you might
think of granite as Italian there's
actually one mountain less but these
days it's often Brazilian look at 2014
for example Brazil was 54% of US imports
Italy was just 6% that big shift to a
worldwide supply of granite made it more
accessible
granite became easier to mine and ship
new technological advances like
computer-controlled cutting made it
easier to cut all that granite locally
finally look at when their chart Peaks
2006 the granite bubble and housing
bubble came at the same time just as
laminates Road technological and
construction booms in the 50s Granite
Road similar waves in the 2000s granite
was good but its timing made it
overrated and that might be why we're
starting to correct the end of that
chart shows a dip in granite that's for
a lot of reasons some of which are
bigger than interior design trends but
if you watch house hunting shows you'll
see there are other materials catching
on my wish list would include quartz
countertops the perfect kitchen changes
that might be the reason we keep
searching for it our homes acquire new
grace new glamour new accommodations
expressing not only the American love of
beauty but also the basic freedom of the
American people which is the freedom of
individual choice
there are so many amazing laminate
patterns from the 1950s I have to point
out one and that is the Formica
boomerang you'll never guess why it's
called that it's call it it looks like a
boomerang
