back in kindergarten we're all taught
that there are five senses sight hearing
touch taste and smell Aristotle defined
these in his book the anima he then
wrote one might be confident that there
is not another sense beside the five and
we've been listening this way ever since
but to say an old Greek was right our
ability to sense is incredibly complex
when Aristotle came up with his
definitive list he linked them to
visible sense organs but modern
neuroscience recognizes there's more to
it than that if you close your eyes and
put your finger near to your forehead
don't touch it how do you know where
your finger is it's because your
position sense of proprioception
that's rooster II a Scottish genealogist
and author who wrote about sensory
perception you can open your eyes now if
you get up and walk around do you trip
over your own feet hopefully not your
sense of sight prevents you from walking
into a wall but proprioception tells
your brain where your feet are so you
can walk without falling over yourself
and this is different from just feeling
the ground under your feet scientists
believe this sense works with receptors
in your joints ligaments and muscles to
give you an awareness of your body it's
also lighter Little League coach told
you to keep your eye on the ball you
didn't need to watch for your hand was
in order to catch it it doesn't stop
there there are actually some pretty
extensive lists of other senses that
vary depending on how you define them
but they're popular definitions senses
are restricted to five sensory organs
but what about the organs that didn't
make the cut there are two sensory
organs in your ear alone and they're
both responsible for very different
things one picks up sound ways for your
sense of hearing and the other maintains
balance or equilibrium we can stay
upright because as a vestibular system
inside our ears it's made of a
fluid-filled semicircular canals and
small hairs that pick up movements the
brain combines signals from the
vestibular system with other senses to
maintain balance try standing on one leg
easy right now shut your eyes it's hard
to do that with your eyes closed at
least without practice
that's because vision makes it easier to
balance as it clarifies the orientation
with the world around you this partial
reliance on vision is also by some
people get motion sickness when the
movement you see around you doesn't
match the signals the vestibular system
is sending to the brain you get
disoriented organs aside the list of
senses really starts to expand when you
define them based on receptors in your
body
we arguably have two lists thousands
based on smell alone or we'd create
subcategories like we already have for
taste based on an outdated taste map
touch can be broken down into categories
- when you hold your hand over a hot
stove you can feel heat without touching
it
that's thermo ception it takes an
entirely different group of receptors in
your skin to recognize changes in
temperature we can also separate things
like pressure and pain these are
different sensations based on different
receptors that send signals to a
different part of your brain listing
just five senses means we're leaving out
a lot of things that actually keep us
alive and functioning on a daily basis
and don't even get me started on the
senses we don't have so this begs the
question is teaching five senses really
the best way it's just an easy shorthand
I think the thing about the other five
the the classic ones they don't only
work that way that's how we tend to talk
about this it's about the outside world
when we're young learning these five
senses is a really simple way to make
sense of the world around us these
senses are often based on external
stimuli and because we have visible
organs linked them - they're easy to
test in a classroom we can touch objects
hear music see the classroom smell a
flower taste our lunch but what happens
when we feel hot or cold in a room or we
lose balance and fall over these senses
are hard to ignore but they can't be
classified as the ones we learn we don't
have a lot of conscious awareness of how
complicated our physical bodies are when
they move about the world and the
processing involved in that because as
soon as you do think about that then you
have to start thinking with these issues
around sensations within the body
learning five basic senses is a pretty
good place to start but next time you
stub your toe think about that sensation
it's one of the many senses your
kindergarten teacher never told you
about
you
you
