we've been an artist I've always drawn
pictures and when it comes to digital
art Microsoft Paint I've taught myself
completely my name is Pat hein I'm from
Boston I looked here my whole life I'm
sure you can hear my accent and the sad
thing is I didn't even know I had it
until I went to college I'm from West
Roxbury which is the part of the City of
Boston it's not the toughest part so
it's Televi Atlanta or Chester it's not
child's town but it's definitely Pryor
the city of Boston what got me started
in Microsoft Paint in digital art was I
was working at a nursing home when I was
in college I was working overnight and
this was before Facebook or YouTube or
you know I didn't even know what the PDA
existed back then
I don't like minesweeper or solitaire or
that stuff so it was basically paint or
you know I slowly went insane it was
just kind of screwing around with it at
first but as the years went by I sort of
developed a technique and what I noticed
about my work in paint
was that I I had an identifiable style
which I did not have ever when I worked
in physical media was picking a pen and
pencil or you know whatever whenever I
worked in other media I was always aping
someone else's style usually I start off
ironically enough with pencil and paper
and I just do a little thumbnail the
most basic composition and from there I
opened paint and I go in and use the
it's called a pencil tool and I do a
very very rough version of that
composition and this ends up looking
like what most people's idea
MSP looks like very squiggly you know
it's kind of a mess
this is basically my version of layers
say if you were working in Photoshop
I don't erase those original squiggles
but I go over them and from there I
select the line tool and that's when I
create the final line art I know it's
kind of long and involved but I mean
that's that's Microsoft Paint it's just
enough I tried using a stylus with other
programs and I even tried using it with
paint only the line tool allows you
allows me to create really crisp
pictures I'm always striving to have you
know pixels like bunched up on each
other no right angles you know because
if you do it if you do it that way it
ends up looking jagged and blocky at the
beginning I was using a spray can to do
a lot of like shading and stuff when you
press let's break in all does it spit
out a bunch of pixels randomly so it
took me a long time to kind of just quit
the spray can and do use the line tool
for just about everything although
ironically enough in one of my pictures
there's graffiti on the walls and I
couldn't figure out how to make graffiti
and paint and lo and behold I try to
spray can and it works perfectly broad
in terms of illustration there's a
Russian illustrator named Ivan villa bin
I think that's - uh he lived in the
1800s but if you were to look at his
stuff you would see the connection
between his stuff and my stuff
there's a lot of the flat color but
there's also a lot of detail it looks so
modern that when you find out that this
guy lived in 1500 tubes you just be
amazed I love Norman Rockwell Maxfield
Parrish is another influence Drew
Struzan he did all this back to the
future posters David Mazzucchelli
he'll create another like that being
year one and some daredevil comics
really amazing work
my biggest inspiration for my current
style some of mspaint work is the
illustrator air jade he created the the
Tintin comic book series he was a
Belgian comic book illustrator it wasn't
even a conscious thing that I wanted my
stuff to look like his I guess they call
the style being Claire
it means clear line style you don't do
any shading with the line art it's just
all solid lines it's very clean image
and then you do all the shading with
coloring the program kind of dictated it
I always did like that style it was how
it looked in my head originally or it
looks even better from there I go
straight into coloring with coloring I
use mostly either the paint can where
you just press it and it just fills in a
huge area between that and the the
eraser is where I shade it usually
holding like I said the right-click on
the eraser it's usually just creating
very simple gradients that's how I
always prove to people that it actually
is paid just zoom in on those gradients
and you can see it's very uneven if it's
kind of messy when you zoom into it but
there really isn't that much mystery to
the coloring process I try not to use
too many different colors I always start
off by thinking where is the light
source where is it coming from I used
two versions of paint so the line art I
use a very old version until the
coloring I use the latest version or I
guess the last version I always want to
feel like a horror movie set at a summer
camp because even with 12 are so bright
as 13th movies but never thought there
was a good one Friday that's 13 I
couldn't get the idea of the summer camp
out of my head and it kind of grew till
I was creating Yale history for it and
we are traditions and from there kind of
just kept going
to create the shading it's just a matter
creating a very simple gradient Davids
with skintone it's a white person
they'll be kind of like a peach color
and from there I just make it a little
darker color that shaded part in a paint
can and then repeat that process with a
darker version of that color to make the
shadows deeper it's very easy for me
depends oh now while doing it that's why
I always say paint this kind of like
meditation for me I don't really
meditate but it's the closest I come to
meditating and people online pay on like
reddit or other sites they always say oh
you can do this in paint you can work in
Photoshop what they don't understand is
I really enjoy pate and I've never
enjoyed those other programs that's like
my favorite time when I'm new sown
nothing is bothering me I'm not thinking
about the outside world it's just it's
very enjoyable time
thank you so much to Pat Hines for
creating this work of art for us we've
got more information about his work down
in the description we also have two
seven and a half hour videos of an MS
paint masterpiece being made the one
that you just saw so if you want to
watch it in real time make some extra
popcorn and enjoy
