using the very hospital unconscious
right there are insufficient
superlatives in the English language no
matter what I do no matter how much I
describe it no matter how many videos
you watch they are for sure of being
able to witness this for yourself but
you can always tell when someone's seen
a total eclipse because when you have a
15 a total eclipse and they say oh I
think so they haven't seen it totally
because you just never forget you never
forget that feeling my suggestion to
anyone who is seeing this for the first
time is don't try to photograph it
please don't
I just been people watching the Eclipse
see their iPhone you don't want to do
gravity do you want to see it and look
at it with your own two eyes if you're
nearby and you hear that oh it's going
to be a 99% partial I'll see an almost
total solar eclipse there is no such
thing as an almost total solar eclipse a
completely different phenomenon it's
like getting five out of six numbers
right on the jackpot if you got five out
of six you were close to your left then
caught it out once knock on wood
on - I said new invention in 1977 which
was north of bogota-colombia nice blue
skies one little puffy cumulus cloud
came out of nowhere just it's obscured
the Sun for a couple of minutes and it
was a long couple of minutes and then
you've got the ones that are like in
1999 it was raining during the partial
phase and just before totality of cold
appeared in the sky and slowly crawled
over the Sun one friend of mine
described it as the miracle eclipse
it's black black black black like the
blackest hole you can ever imagine
ringed with these beautiful wispy white
coronal streamers bright stars and
planets are visible in daytime sky and
you see the colors of sunset in every
direction you look around the horizon
not like night it's not like day it's
not like Twilight it's like nothing
you've ever felt before
can you imagine how a primitive
ancestors would have felt suddenly a
world completely changing and then them
not knowing that some was going to come
back and how frightening in our everyday
lives we look up to the sky and what we
see mostly is this two-dimensional bill
and stars and planets and the moon
seemed to creep across that why I saw
the looks of a Sun it catapulted me into
a three-dimensional universe you
experience the music of the spheres as a
template called the mechanics of the
solar system in action insignificance is
not a word I would use
actually I feel very special and all
people should feel special that were
alive and intelligent and consciously
and that we're able to be aware of our
cosmos I realize that of course the
solar system is creating that total
eclipse but it's also the seeded solar
system looking back at it makes you feel
a part of it other that makes you feel a
part of the cosmos makes you feel a part
of every single person you're standing
there with and you know just for a brief
time we're not separate we're all the
same it gives you life insights that you
normally get only at times when you
experience a lot how life then still
come you have to take life day by day
you understand that all the things that
we worry about are really irrelevant and
life is precious is fleeting and it's
about the moment you have and the people
that you share it with
one of my latest books is the 21st
century Canon of eclipses so it's got
maps for every eclipse now through the
end of the century and you clicking page
to page to page and years of kerning
it's just like a lot tailoring in the
time machine but you're not in the time
machine you're kidding over and over and
at some point I'm not going to make one
of those eclipses I've already told my
daughter where she needs to go to watch
the 2079 eclipse of May 1st 2079 so I
don't expect to make it but I hope she
can the ability to predict this is
magical we all say we don't know what's
going to happen in the future this is
sure we can protect and I knew it as
young as 38 years ago and it was playing
the future so that's it the last solar
eclipse to be seen on this continent in
this century and as I said not until
August 21st 2017 will another eclipse be
visible from North America that's 38
years from now may the shadow of the
moon fall in a world at peace and ABC
news of course we'll bring you a
complete report on that next Eclipse 38
years for that
you
