so I just landed in Tokyo the one place
we're getting off the Metro you can get
lost in an underground mall the flight
from DC - here goes over a last gun
place over the barren sea which is just
south of the Arctic Circle and I was
going to the bathroom or something and I
kicked out the window and I saw this
vast amazing sight of a frozen ocean
that was basically kind of breaking up
and melting it made me so curious about
ice by every measure what I was looking
at out that window is a record it's a
record low of ice pack for the Arctic
Ocean we're talking like over the past
like several thousand years okay fine
I'll go to uni Club this uniqua has
eleven story
twelve storage
so it turns out that ice is actually
doing more important than you think at
least it was way more important than I
thought one of the more interesting
functions that I play is that it acts as
a giant reflector basically bouncing a
bunch of sunlight back up into space so
that the earth doesn't have to absorb it
and this is actually super vital for
keeping the earth systems regulated the
ice also takes ocean currents running
smoothly which a lot of species depend
on including MS is more than just
important for polar bears
it actually has huge ramifications for
like our entire global ecosystem and all
of the many systems that support it
I came to Tokyo for a totally different
story has nothing to do with climate
change
Richard jaywalking in Japan is like a
total ko PHA definitely everyone's
laughing up here in the view I had while
flying over Alaska was beautiful
but the story it tells is one of
potential disaster for our globe I'm
actually in Japan working on a couple of
really interesting videos I won't give
any spoilers away but we hint
have to do with North Korea and with
racist people
