the House of Representatives voted on
Thursday to repeal and replace Obamacare
here's what you need to know this bill
is really similar to the bill that
Republicans have been debating for six
weeks now although there are some really
key differences the eyes of 217 the nays
are 213 the bill is passed and without
objection the motion to reconsider is
laid upon the table the bill the
Republicans pass let's insurance
companies charge sick people higher
premiums
you know before 2014 if you were born
with congenital heart disease like my
son was there was a good chance you'd
never be able to get health insurance
because he had a pre-existing condition
it also lets them cover fewer benefits
so they could cut out things like
maternity care or prescription drugs
because they think they're going to be
expensive the big question now is what
happens in the Senate there are a number
of Republican senators who have already
raised big concerns about the House bill
they don't like the fact that it does
some big cuts to Medicaid and it also
defund Planned Parenthood
I don't support pulling the rug out from
under those who have received coverage
and I do not believe that Planned
Parenthood should even be part of this
debate the expansion of Medicaid is
tremendously important 184,000 West
Virginians if Republicans hold a big
press conference and pat ourselves on
the back that we've repealed Obamacare
and everyone's premiums keep going up
people will be ready to tar and feather
us in the street and it quite rightly
there are a few Republican senators who
are even talking about writing another
bill from scratch in the Senate I don't
expect that we will vote on the House
bill as it is I suspect we would before
it or our alternative the president has
said he is going to protect people with
pre-existing conditions and not cut
medicaid pre-existing conditions are in
the bill and I mandated I said has to be
save Medicare Medicaid and Social
Security without cuts have to do it
the House bill doesn't do that but it
seems like he is ready to sign the
American Health Care Act anyways the
other big question is what is in this
bill for Republicans
it is incredibly unpopular most
Americans do not like the American
Health Care Act so why are they pursuing
it
one reason Republicans might like this
bill is that it
a huge tax cut for the wealthy there are
about 600 billion dollars of tax cuts in
the spill and most of them go to the
point 1 percent at the top Republicans
have spent years now complaining about
two key things about Obamacare they say
it's too expensive and doesn't cover
enough people there are 25 million
Americans who aren't covered now if the
idea behind Obamacare was to get
everyone covered that's one of the many
failures in addition to premiums going
up co-payments going up deductibles
going up but the American Health Care
Act could make those problems worse the
best estimate we have is that 24 million
people will lose coverage because of
this bill and the Congressional Budget
Office says that deductibles will go up
under the American Health Care Act not
down Republicans have spent seven years
now promising to repeal and replace
Obamacare and now that they're in
control of Washington they really want
to make that a reality no matter what
the obstacles
