okay so I tried to recycle I've got my
grocery tote bag
I even have solar panels on my roof when
the back of my mind I can't help
thinking does if you this actually make
a difference when it comes to climate
change
if you read the headlines you quickly
begin to see that climate change is a
massive problem so is my reusable bag
really good change the world but not
everyone feels that way
this is all of my trash from the past
four years oh my god this is Lauren
singer she runs a website where she
gives tips and answers questions about
living a zero-waste life okay so you've
got tiny little ends and bits and things
yeah you really tell me everything else
that you use for four years I found some
other useful totally is compostable
infinitely reusable or 100% easily
recyclable you may look at the extremely
eco-friendly way Lauren is living and
find it inspiring or maybe like me
you're totally skeptical but a lot of
what she's doing is actually pretty
simple when she wants coffee she brings
her own cup or let's say she wants to
buy a pastry she'll put it into a
reusable cotton bag a safety razor
instead of plastic ones there's all this
disposable stuff in our lives that we're
not even thinking about it and what
Lauren's done is find some easy
substitutes everything else ends up in
the jar this is macaroni and cheese
packaging and this was like four years
ago like right when I started that was
that was my weekend at dads house so
these are I know what if these plastic
straws Hatchin this was a bad day wasn't
it for you
no actually someone sent that to me in a
mail these aren't huge trash problems
the EPA is an up in arms about plastic
straws but you can see how these little
bits of waste can really add up the
United States is the number one trash
producing country in the world if every
country lived like the US we need over
four earths to make all the stuff we
consume do you think little things make
a big difference
totally if you reduce single-use coffee
cups from your routine and your a daily
coffee drinker that's 365 cups per year
that's not an insignificant change if
every single person did that that's a
massive shift towards a more sustainable
future
and good policy can encourage this kind
of shift take plastic bags Americans
throw away about a hundred billion a
year but California is trying to change
this three communities have found that
if you offer a plastic bag from 375
percent of people will take it but if
you charge ten cents for a bag only 16
percent taken it's subtle but this small
fee makes people question whether they
really need a bag and it reminds people
to bring their own communities across
the country of beginning to adopt this
policy and it could create a large-scale
shift if New York City had a bag fee we
could save roughly seven billion plastic
bags a year and without good policy it
can be really hard to do the right thing
so take recycling in a place like
Missoula Montana where I live you can't
recycle glass because doing so it turns
out cost my city too much I think this
is a fundamental flaw of governments and
their relationship with businesses
businesses aren't held accountable for
products that they're putting into the
waste stream so they're allowed to sell
glass in Montana where there's no
adequate recycling and completely wipe
their hands free and not have to
subsidize any infrastructure to
adequately recycle their product so that
responsibility for disposing of that
product falls on you as a resident and
the government that is completely unfair
the funny thing is we used to have this
really great system for dealing with
glass after you're done with a bottle
you would just return it
companies would clean it and use it
again and again around the 1950s
companies began experimenting with
single-use bottles and cans lots of
other things became single used to like
Don Draper here people were just tossing
their garbage wherever and all this
trash started to annoy people do you
remember that very famous commercial of
this Native American he's like going
down a river and there's all this waste
and the Nakia goes down people
start pollution people can stop it
and it's often credited for cortical
cleaning up America because we were
reminded that we need to pick up our
trash you see this commercial every
Earth Day but it was actually funded by
a group of companies many of them from
the can and bottle industry the award
that states would ban their single-use
products because people were getting
sick of all the trash so they created
this incredible ad which is very
powerful which made us pick up trash
which is actually trash that they were
creating that was the moment it's I'm
not suggesting you shouldn't pick up
trash but as far as I can tell is the
first moment where we shifted this
responsibility from the person selling
the person back that needs to change
really quick and once it does we won't
even have to talk about providing
adequate recycling systems because
businesses will create products that are
easily and conveniently recyclable
because it'll make more economic sense
for them if that burden is put on the
business instead of the consumer and the
government this gets to the heart of the
matter
climate change is a giant problem we're
not gonna solve it without government
and industry taking action we live in
this complicated web of carbon emissions
I mean every single thing we do as
individuals creates pollution it's for
whelming but there's one simple policy
that could make going green easier for
all of us and it could have an enormous
impact we could put a price on carbon
right now companies can emit as much
pollution as they like
we're basically treating our sky like a
giant sewer as long as it's free to
pollute no one's gonna stop doing it you
can't just go out there and find one
source or one factory one business and
shut it down and clean up your air
everybody in a sense is part of the
problem if companies had to pay for the
carbon they produce it would encourage
better behavior this is what California
did in 2006 the state set a cap on
carbon and other greenhouse gas
emissions and they lowered it over the
next few years companies could either
reduce their pollution or pay for carbon
allowances and so far it's worked the
state is on track
to hit its 2020 goal and they're looking
to cut emissions by another 40% by 2030
now California isn't perfect but this is
a huge reduction in emissions it's
really larger than anything a person
could achieve on their own the fears
that were raised by opponents have not
come to pass we've not seen an exodus of
industries from California or people
unable to drive their cars and as the
state cut emissions California's economy
is actually grown by 12% outpacing the
national average going green at the
scale isn't an overnight process people
like Mary Nichols have spent decades
fighting for better policies we
certainly have enjoyed a lot of
political support from all sides I think
that's largely just because the public
in California has demanded that clean
healthy air is something that everybody
ought to have access to so individual
climate action does matter in the sense
that it creates cultural change when
Loren makes a video tutorial or shares
one of her zero waste tips on Instagram
it has a social ripple effect do you
want everyone to live the lifestyle
you're living I would never tell anyone
how to live their life but I'd like to
show everyone that there are options but
the way that we're told we have to live
in this hyper consumeristic way isn't
the only way we have to live in order to
live in a modern world with modern
luxuries folks like Lauren really helped
build the bottom-up support you need for
large-scale transformation look climate
policy can be complicated and sometimes
it can be boring but we need it to solve
global warming and to get better
policies like a price on carbon
you need to have public support because
politicians and businesses won't take
action unless people come together and
demand it so you may not be able to fit
all your trash into a mason jar but
psychologists have been developing Green
nudges that trick us into being more
green want to know whether they're
working their magic on you visit climate
dot University of California dot edu to
learn more
