late-night comedians have become rock
stars in the Trump era he's treating the
children of Germany like a drunk guy
masturbating in a subway car between
Samantha B John Oliver
Colbert Meyers SNL comedians are playing
a big part in how we talk about politics
Trump does have a tendency to lie his
ass off that's why chris Christie is
always there to catch it but if you look
past the jokes and sight gags these
comedians are doing a really good job of
covering Trump sometimes better than
serious news networks nice in this
direction chris angel' but you can't
just shake your keys and distract us
we're not cable news we're Americans and
that's because political satire has
something that TV news lacks a really
low tolerance for bullshit part of what
makes Trump such an easy target for
satire is that a lot of what he says is
ridiculous I know more about Isis then
the generals do that makes them a
goldmine for political comedians hello
has President Obama gone to tap my
phones but it poses a real challenge for
traditional journalists who aren't used
to covering someone like Trump the news
media sort of seems like it has to take
it seriously in order to be taken
seriously this is Sophia McLennan she's
written a couple of books about how
political satire makes us smarter news
consumers and she argues that part of
wise satire is better at covering Trump
if that traditional journalists don't
always know when to call bullshit look
at what happened after Trump tweeted
that Obama had wire tapped his phones at
Trump Tower comedians all covered it
basically the same way they said it was
baseless Trump has not produced a shred
of evidence there was no evidence for
Trump's claims pointed out that it came
from a fringe conspiracy theorist a dual
alia radio host right-wing radio host
and unlicensed gynecologist Mark Levin
and then made clear how Bunker's this
whole thing was the craziest thing about
Trump calling for an investigation
without any evidence is that it actually
worked
Congress is going to investigate Trump's
wiretapping claim now compare that to
the way that major news networks covered
that same story they correctly reported
that Trump's claim was false no facts to
back up his startling allegations but
then went on to spend segment after
segment after segment
in debates about interviewed
intelligence experts and government
officials what did you think when you
first heard about it they argued with
paid Trump supporters about basic
reality Andre read the story that's not
would be included in the definition of
wired not what he said those stories
said it's right no it is not they spent
hours fixating on whether there might be
evidence at some point down the road
maybe that shows Trump wasn't just
making it up look I think he is going
off of information that he's saying that
has led him to believe that this is a
very real potential and if it is if this
happened if it would if if I am with
this kind of coverage isn't that it's
inaccurate it's it takes bullshit way
too seriously
there could be something that comes out
in two weeks and if there is we're
having a different conversation
it'd be like hosting a serious debate
about whether the earth is flat or where
the Celine Dion can sing or whether I
wear underwear on recording days it gets
really hot in here and research shows
that this kind of coverage rots our
brains when we watch these kinds of
he-said she-said debates were less
likely to think that we can figure out
the truth we get disillusioned our
brains check out and this could happen
even when a news outlet tells you one
side is wrong the mere repetition of
rumors and falsehoods makes audiences
more likely to see those things as
credible I don't think that they owe
them an apology I think what we need is
an investigation and the inability to
separate real stories from bullshit meas
news networks have less time to focus on
things that actually affect people's
lives which is why while 24-hour news
networks fill their airtime with
screaming matches much shorter comedy
shows have found time to do in-depth
storytelling about things like net
neutrality and state legislative battles
remember a year ago we told you about a
rape kit bill that was blocked here's
the rest of that story but this is
bigger than debunking anyone conspiracy
theory satire is powerful because it
trains your brain to be skeptical to
think critically about what politicians
are saying your words when you use the
words and he uses them back it's
circular using of the word and that's
for me
little satire is about showing you that
the system is faking you out it's kind
of opening your eyes to basically blind
yeah that's the guy who's definitely
lying he fires up the mind to say hmm
this doesn't seem right look at the
coverage of trumps address to Congress
in February TV news commentators
applauded his presidential tone not only
was he more presidential he was a
politician truly extraordinary moment
that was one of the most extraordinary
moment it was the comedians who saw
through the theater of Trump's
performance Trump may have changed his
tone but that doesn't change the content
of what he said managed to talk about
his dystopian agenda using an indoor
voice in cases like this satire isn't
debunking specific falsehoods it's
encouraging you to look behind the
curtain to recognize bullshit artistry
and laugh at it even when journalists
don't get the joke president Trump any
lower even Jeff Sessions won't be able
to walk thankfully some journalists are
starting to get the joke like CNN host
and permanent fixture on my vision board
Jake Tapper tapper has started using
sarcasm and humor to deal with his
visible frustration with covering Trump
Obama tapped my phone island population
president Trump listen to his reaction
when a trump supporter accuses him of
nitpicking Trump's comments is beating
down on certain little one-word
sentences how dare we covered the
comments he makes oh god damn Jake what
tappers doing here isn't bias or
partisanship he's using common sense
people think of satire is very partisan
but the point is that satirist are after
good rational thinking what you see that
the satirist have that would be lovely
to see in the basic news media is this
sort of defensive reason
what makes satire such a powerful
antidote to trumpism isn't that it's
funny it is not possible that millions
of people voted illegally and nobody
noticed it's that for satire to work it
has to be able to point out what is
ridiculous and absurd to cut through
talking points and endless panel
discussions and describe the world as it
really is but comedians should
be the only ones doing that we think
that the journalist job is to show all
sides of the story but the journalist
job is to show the truth and sometimes
in this case going after a truth is
going to be funny because the lies are
so absurd that you can't help but laugh
you
