would you date a trump supporter no
absolutely not a recent study by the
dating website plenty of fish shows that
only 33 percent of women on the site are
willing to date a trump supporter and
male Trump supporters are almost twice
as likely to be blocked than non Trump
supporters I wanted to bridge the
partisan dating divide so I went to the
most polarizing place in America the
Republican National Convention the
perfect place to put my matchmaking
skills to the test but finding a
Democratic woman would want to date a
trump supporter turned out to be a
little harder than I thought
would you ever date a trump supporter
probably not like I can't imagine dating
a trump supporter I think it would make
me sad yeah we'll go on a date with him
as hell they don't support Donald from
not tip over dog have you ever gone on a
date with a trump supporter absolutely
not would you would you gonna do it
strong supporter would you try it out
you would have to be really good-looking
I'll tell you what Dean I'll pay for all
of the wine okay I'm in wait what so I
stood outside Chipotle until I finally
found Ryan I don't 27 year old
Republican that was DTF down to fix the
tax code has supporting Donald Trump and
good for your dating life or made it
harder we talked about Netflix and what
TV shows are a watcher we don't talk
about politics we should though I should
have more open-minded conversations on
my dates maybe that's why I'm single
would you like to go on a date where you
will have open-minded conversations
about politics as long as she's cute yes
yes
so since we blew our budget on
last-minute plane tickets to Cleveland
we invited them over to our Airbnb
ordered Papa John's and gave them a
seven dollar bottle of wine thanks Dean
the night started off fairly carefree so
what brought you to Cleveland a yarn fee
darian see so are you a Republican I'm
not yeah are you yeah but are you voting
for a Donald Trump yeah probably
what about you anybody but then they
started talking about politics do you
feel like Donald Trump has a lot of
foreign policies I know it's not good
I'll be honest I don't agree with the
whole bill the wall thing but it's a
signal like we we have to strengthen our
border do you hate immigrants no I like
them but I want immigrants to pay taxes
that they're gonna work here well a lot
of them do already I know how do you
feel about a tax system I feel like we
should be on a flat tax a flat tax
I mean I I think that you're not going
to know I think that I mean and I myself
I actually would be fine if my taxes
were raised if it meant that you're such
a goody - what do you really can I get a
little bit more what do you think about
black lives matter I feel like there is
a tension between police force and
african-americans and then there's a
part of you where it's just like I feel
like the media just blows it up mm-hmm
like I feel like I guarantee you there's
a cops that kill white people no they're
definitely being a calm does not give
you a license to do whatever you want
and if you're a cop that's fine I am
right when the cop tells me to do
something I'm gonna do it and I have no
I have no problems with the car how
often are you interacting with cops and
I interact that one for quite a bit
white men are nothing an optimist on the
street regularly I'm sorry they're not
it's interesting that we're politically
and ideologically polar opposites but
there are things we agree on we touch
ground on certain bases and I feel like
maybe I stir do you in the right way on
some and it's not just Ryan and Bridget
that are bad at predicting differences
across political ideologies we're
search shows that Americans think
they're much more different than they
actually are one study has gone so far
as to suggest that liberals and
conservatives while differing
systematically in their moral worldviews
are actually more similar in their moral
judgments than anyone thinks a study of
over 18 million couples found that among
married couples under 30 only 40% had
partners in the same political party
whereas when you look at couples over 80
that number jumps to 71% and given that
a growing margin of Millennials don't
identify with either party maybe
political ideology won't be as important
so maybe we shouldn't be so afraid of
dating outside of our political comfort
zone if this evening is any indicator
maybe there's still hope for love in
America I feel like we kill that good
day good day I think you know we found
some common ground or we could I think
that he is smart you know which is I
never thought I would say that a trump
supporter will be smart I would go on a
second date with him I would go I would
maybe if we talk to less and we went to
a movie yeah what I would as long as she
said yeah that's all they see then then
no
