this is the coexist logo you might know
star and crescent peace sign the
well-known gender the Star of David
Wiccan I gained gain and Christian cross
it's the bumper sticker gibberish you
see on that 1998 Volvo that just cut you
off but the real story doesn't start in
a co-op in Montpelier Vermont the story
of coexist begins in Poland and it's had
its own battles my name is pierre
trudeau ZENIT's I'm a graphic designer
I'm making posters book covers record
covers some layouts I painted this is
his son's room and here's a poster
designed by theatres dad in 2000 a
Contemporary Art Museum in Jerusalem
held a competition
the theme was coexistence and Mulder
Jeanette's decided to enter I started to
ride this coexistence
many ways you know and written and
printed and so on and so on the sea
reminded him of a typical Muslim sign of
the present T as the Christian cross and
with the X suddenly he imagined that he
could do a Jewish star so he took it and
he wrote coexistence but then I the the
poster became part of a worldwide
touring exhibition blown up to massive
proportions and that's when other people
saw an opportunity to take it as their
own I do the work and I throw it into
the open world
Mulder Janet said lettuce design travel
around the world but then he forgot
about it
in 2005 he got the first news that
something was happening some Indiana
University students trademarked in
extremely similar design without Mulder
Genesis or the museum's permission they
started to sue anybody else selling
coexist
Kirra average t-shirt price $58 they
registered it as their own logo one used
it to get his lifestyle design degree
from the university another co-founder
told Newsday that moto Genet's was okay
with its use it's because nobody asked
me for permission
soon bono had made the logo a central
part of u2's 2005 vertigo tours
the Indiana guys told the reporters they
got a call that Bono is wearing a
headband with your logo and when I had
that leader of you to mr. Obama is using
this side I even was pleased but they
didn't ask him for permission and after
the contact with them they gave him a
tiny credit on the DVD label soon
another coexist logo showed up with
completely nonsensical additions the
better is the enemy of the good Wow I
will put the hippie sign in it I will
put a sign it oh it will be great
whenever you have something good and you
want to make it better it will spoil and
it will be worse than than the original
mother Janet's had been lumped in with
lawsuit happy luxury shirt sellers and a
bad design from California and it wasn't
what his work was really even about
molder Janet's comes from a school of
Polish poster making that emphasizes
color and organic looking pictures it's
really vibrant it's not the ascetic
black-and-white appearance of the
coexist sign it's something more alive
and more representative of the work that
he's a fan of but even though coexists
is different from most of his work it
has a lot of meaning codes this isn't
just a bumper sticker everywhere to a
graphic designer living in Poland post
9/11 with refugees coming in from any
unstable Syria it means a lot more in
2000 the situation was not so
complicated like today and did this logo
was not so maybe actual I didn't know
that that the world will go this
direction that you know the sky exists
this
well I must know you'll have to do it so
maybe you couldn't quite see that poster
in the background fortunately early on
we had some camera adjustment time where
it was clear this is Orson pluton and
it's a cirque posture Cyr cane which
means circus because this poster and
many posters like it were made to
promote the Polish circus and they
quickly became representative of an
entire school of really expressive
polish poster design
