so let's say you save your quarters in a
piggy bank that you keep in a shelf in
your room but your mom keeps checking up
on how much you're putting in and how
much you're taking out you don't like
that so what you need is a second piggy
bank that you keep somewhere else
your friend Johnny's mom is busy she
doesn't have time to check on piggy
banks you can bring a spare Bank over
there then money can come and go without
annoying being the wiser but maybe
Jenny's mom isn't really too busy maybe
she's just lazy
maybe she's deliberately telling the
whole neighborhood that for a small fee
she'll keep their piggy bank safe and
not pay attention to what happens that's
what countries like Panama and the
Cayman Islands and other tax havens do
they have very weak regulations in terms
of watching when money comes in or out
of bank accounts and they have rules
that make it easy to form a corporation
without disclosing who owns it so
basically everyone gets to write a fake
a name on their piggy bank there's a
Panamanian law firm called mossack
fonseca they've got over 40 offices and
dozens of countries around the world
they specialize in setting up these kind
of special piggy banks they're called
shell companies hollow vessels that
don't conduct any business they just own
financial assets on behalf of their real
owners there's been this massive leak of
over 2 terabytes worth of most Eichmann
sagen documents to the international
consortium of investigative journalists
and it sheds an unprecedented light on
the world of shell companies people can
use these shell companies for legitimate
reasons sometimes you just need privacy
but they're also really useful for
covering up scandalous or embarrassing
information the Panama papers show that
close associates of Vladimir Putin have
taken over two billion dollars worth of
assets and put them into offshore shell
companies and that the prime minister of
Iceland actually helped financial
interests in bankrupt Icelandic banks
even as he was involved in political
negotiations over what should be done
with the banks and the main use of
offshore shell companies is avoiding
taxes because the government can't tax
money that it can't find one of the memo
says quote 95 percent of our work
coincidentally consists in selling
vehicles to avoid taxes these tax havens
are usually small countries that could
be persuaded to clean up their act
but so far political leaders in the big
countries haven't wanted to make them do
it
you
