it got started because the fools of the
Kings and decided to unionize and the
King action is something used by others
he offered their wish
the slopes overlooking lake lugano have
already burst into flower it's resulted
in an exceptionally heavy spaghetti crop
there's always the chance of a lake
frost which while not entirely ruining
the crop generally impairs the flavor
but now these dangers are over and the
spaghetti harvest goes forward
well we have to enjoy ourselves as road
racing gets fully into its stride we'll
continue to do our best to cover sport
in the way that you like backed up by
now
Nixon for president in 1992 an act of
complete political lunacy or another
extraordinary development in an already
history-making campaign for the White
House reaction this hour on Talk of the
Nation our number
