I talked about the fact that I'm a
FEMINIST as often as I can and every
time I do it gets huge reaction and
media reacts and the Twitterverse
explodes and things like that because
Here I am saying I'm a feminist I will
keep saying that until there is no more
reaction to that when I say it because
that's where we want to get to it's just
if you're progressive you really should
be a feminist because it's about
equality it's about respect it's about
making the best of the world that we we
often talk about the role models for for
women and the need for more role models
for women what about men what kind of
role models are they need well my own
role models on that have been my mom who
went through some very very tough times
as a as a young woman in in a political
world that was uncompromising in terms
of the role of women and the
expectations of what a First Lady of
Canada would would actually do Indian
and she she ended up being a very strong
voice for me for women's rights my dad
was too cuz he was good on equality
wasn't great on feminism but he was good
on equality and rights and that was his
generation that's that's where I sort of
come from my wife Sophie continues to
challenge me and one of the things that
you know we were having a conversation
at one point I said look I talked to our
daughter Ella
I talked to Ella all the time about how
you know she can do anything she wants
and she's just as good as me it was just
better than any man because she's
brilliant and she's wonderful and
everything and Sophie's like good that's
great but how are you saying that to our
sons as well you know how are you
training your sons to be focused on
women's rights and women's opportunities
the way you know you're focused on you
know telling your daughter that she can
be anything and that for me was a really
important wakeup and that's that's great
for me they're so young how do you do it
at such an early age um a part of it is
modeling showing that you know that I'm
attentive and respectful and very much
in a partnership with Sophie in a
certain sense highlighting gender
stereotypes has been a little more
challenging because we're in a family
where you know Sophie does a lot of
great activism and work in public
speaking but she's mostly a mom and I'm
the one who's the breadwinner and we
live in a place because of my job so
that's a little more from that's been a
little more challenging in some ways
then getting them to be open to LGBT
issues I mean because we have friends
who have yeah one of my you know close
friends is married to a wonderful guy
and they've adopted a child there's a
much greater awareness of you know gay
rights equality then sometimes the you
know the gender imbalances that still
remain so this there's a challenge to be
thoughtful about all those things
together and we had a great conversation
about mental illness and what that means
and you know sick not weak and stopping
my son who's eight now and the
two-year-old we're still easy him all of
the eight year old is is getting it but
you know you when you look at what
conversations they have in the
schoolyard and I caught Ella grace at
one point leafing through yeah magazine
of older Cosmo or something as saying
yeah she's a ten she she's just sort of
an eight I mean she's nice but the face
is sort of medium it's like my god Ella
what ain't good ooh you did you just I
died
Sophie come here I mean it was just yeah
Sophie Ella you can't you can't judge
people by their appearance it's your
skill but this is this is a magazine
that is all about judging on appearances
someone's like okay I'm I'm raising a
good debater there that's that's really
but but just talking about it and
getting through that reflections and and
sort of engaging with you know
inner strength inner beauty real people
personality like all that stuff it's
messy being a parent but it's it's
exciting how do you balance fatherhood
of with being the prime minister um
there's no question that you know
I worked extremely hard I'm traveling
around the country now a little more
around the world I've worked long long
hours being able to get home to see them
every night almost every night when I'm
in Ottawa is great being able to bring
them with me on trips when I can is
really important to doubt with us he'd
bring us with him one of us that him
when he would go on overseas trips and
we got to see the world and engage in
mostly got to spend good quality time
with our dad but throughout I just sort
of remember look I'm in politics not in
spite of the fact that I have kids but
because of the fact that I have kids and
they keep me really grounded in well am
i doing things that are meaningful or am
I just sort of playing the game I mean
is it is it worth it I never know
whether I could have the perfect
solution on that of the perfect answer
but just asking the question is the time
I am away from them compensated by the
fact that I'm busy making a better world
for them and am I am I getting that
balance right and then am I remembering
to turn off my blackberry am I remember
you turn it off well I'm not I'm not
supposed to anymore because I need to be
accessible in case something happens but
do I put my work aside and do I focus on
them when I'm with them so I'm not sort
of half oh yeah that's nice or you know
working or reading I take time to work I
take time to play with them and get
similar with Sofie I have time where I'm
working and time where I'm just a goofy
husband do you know feminists Ryan
Gosling the meme that I've seen a little
bit of it there's a study that shows
that when men were exposed to the meme
they were more likely to identify as
with feminist beliefs would you be
willing for us to use a photo of you and
put the feminist mean like wool we'll
put it for you
