more Americans voted for Hillary Clinton
than for Donald Trump more Americans
voted for Democratic Senate candidates
than for Republican Senate candidates
and in Trump he's really unpopular he's
the most popular new president we have
had since well since we invented polling
he's so unpopular that his inauguration
was greeted with the largest single-day
of protests ever in American history
this is a message it is a message from
the voters to him if Trump were wise he
would govern with some humility he needs
to turn his minority into a majority and
he can do that he could reach out to the
majority of Americans who didn't vote
for him who don't approve of him and
show them in word and deed with
compromised candidates and compromise
legislation that they were wrong about
him that he's better than they thought
that he'll be a president for all
Americans that has not happened another
round of sweeping immigration changes
expected from President Trump after he
signed off on his signature promise to
build a border wall president Trump will
sign an executive order today related to
a voter fraud investigation in the
absence of information to suggest there
was voter fraud in his every move since
winning the election Trump is showing he
will govern as the most extreme version
of himself he made Breitbart Steve ban
and his chief strategist he made retired
General Michael Flynn his national
security adviser he said that Jeff
Sessions will be as Attorney General he
is still sending out tweets attacking
John Lewis he is getting in fights with
the CIA his inauguration address made no
effort at all to reach out to the other
side instead he told his own supporters
that he'd be here governing for them The
Forgotten men and women of our country
will be forgotten no longer you came by
the tens of millions to become part of a
historic movement the likes of which the
world has never seen before so far
there's been no effort at all to reach
out to the other side or to play against
type there are no Democrats in his
cabinet as there are Republicans in
Barack Obama's cabinet Trump won't even
admit he's unpopular he just tweets the
polls are raped so Trump is not gonna
represent the bulk of Americans he's not
even apparently gonna try but somebody
needs to so far Democrats have slipped
very comfortably into
position of minority party they aren't
demanding the Trump put forward
compromise candidates for key posts now
laying out a proactive agenda that would
serve as their basis for negotiations
with Trump and the Republicans and they
aren't in their public messaging
emphasizing that most voters oppose
Trump's agenda and that both Democrats
and Republicans need to take that
seriously
Democrats have confused being out of
power with being in the minority and
that is a mistake they are out of power
but it's not at all clear that what they
represent is a minority and somebody
somebody needs to represent the majority
of voters who do not want to by what
Trump is selling as grim as the
situation is for Democrats and it is
grim it's not going to take long for
Republicans to recognize there aren't
some trouble - they've lost the popular
vote in six of the past seven elections
that has never happened for a political
party before and remember it's the out
of power party that pens begin seats in
midterm elections all of which leaves a
real opening for Democrats if Trump
doesn't intend to represent the majority
of the country well they can yeah they
don't hold much power in Congress but
they hold more than Republicans data
no.9 and Republicans are able to cause
plenty of problems for Obama's agenda
they're able to make it very clear that
Obama was governing on his own Democrats
should insist in both appointments and
legislation the Trump govern was some
consideration for the majority of
Americans who voted for someone else
that is not mindless opposition that is
a reasonable cost for cooperation
Democrats should demand both that the
media and Republicans take seriously the
fact the Trump is governed without a
majority or even a plurality of the
American people behind him and that
carries with it a responsibility to
govern modestly there has been a lot of
talk about normalizing Trump but what's
happening here is more fundamental to
ignore the election results and his poll
numbers an act like the strongest
possible version of Trump's agenda has
been endorsed by most voters it
rehearsed or Assizes Trump it makes the
election into something it wasn't and
this is important it gives Trump license
to govern in a way that he shouldn't
elections decide who wins power they
don't decide how it should be wielded if
jump' governs in a way that respects the
center of opinion in this country a
senator Democrats appear to hold
Democrats should mark with him if he
doesn't then they should keep pointing
that out and force him to cover
alone
