in 2012 an undercover investigator
filmed workers at a large Idaho dairy
farm beating and jumping on cows and
dragging one by a chain around its neck
five workers were fired for the abuses
and three of them were charged with
committing animal cruelty but the dairy
industry did something else too it's
successfully pushed legislation that
made it a crime to film agricultural
facilities without the owner's consent
seven other states have passed similar
bills called AG gag laws by critics but
this summer a federal judge ruled that
Idaho's law violates the First Amendment
right to free speech saying that what
happens in those farms and
slaughterhouses is very much our
business and the ruling could lead to a
gang defeats in the other states too
those restrictions vary from state to
state sometimes their abeyance against
taking video sometimes they're
heightened penalties for applying to a
farm job under false pretences other
times people are required to overturn
evidence of abuse to police within 48
hours which limits the authenticity of a
full investigation but for Kansas
Montana and North Dakota these laws go
back to the 1990s they were a reaction
to the Animal Liberation Front which was
an extremist group that was freeing
animals from farms and laboratories and
destroying property once the internet
became more accessible it got easier to
spread images in video and the movement
turned from radical action to undercover
investigations and these videos can have
heavy consequences they've led to
business closures criminal charges
changes in behavior and investigation at
California's Westland hallmark Meat
Company found serious abuse of animals
used for the National School Lunch
Program 143 million pounds of beef were
recalled just the largest recall in US
history and the owners were fined nearly
five hundred million dollars
the agricultural industry is good reason
not to want their operations filmed even
when they're perfectly complying with
the law no company wants to hire someone
secretly trying to sabotage them and
videos could be edited staged or
unrepresentative of a facility's general
practice but a lot of it has to do with
the fact that these videos can broadcast
completely legal standard industry
practices that Americans simply don't
know about piglets getting their tails
cut off without pain relief force
feeding ducks for foie gras calves
getting tied up in veal crates and
chickens and better occasions these are
all legal in most states industry
advocates often compare it to walking in
on someone doing open-heart surgery it
looks violent if you don't understand
the context without understanding what
you're seeing and understanding why you
do certain things there's really no
connection no understanding of you know
whether or not something's being done
right or not right and that's the
reality fewer Americans are working in
agriculture than ever and there are
fewer and fewer farms but they're
getting bigger and bigger and that means
there's a lot that we don't understand
about what goes into making our meat
affordable and in fact Americans spend a
smaller percentage of our income on food
than any other country when people talk
about a well-run humane system they
usually point to the EU where there are
a series of laws that focus on the five
freedoms of animal welfare and those
include bans on gestation crates and
battery cages used for pigs and chickens
by contrast in the u.s. the only federal
law is the humane methods of slaughter
Act which put some protections on
mammals in the slaughterhouse but that
doesn't cover poultry and it doesn't
cover farms at all there are state
animal cruelty laws but they often have
exemptions for farming it's easy to
stand against clearly gratuitous abuses
but the battle over undercover videos is
really a preliminary fight in a much
larger question should the American
public know how their food is made and
once they do will they accept it
