methamphetamine this is what I do to
motivate myself a little bit a drug that
was also known for a while as redneck
cocaine a little like you know believed
to be only used by Hicks
in rural areas they use it but so do gay
men in urban centers a lot of people use
sex as a way of sort of enhancing their
lives and hansung their partying but no
I do it and I channel my my inner
passions so here we go let's turn up
over 11 million Americans have tried
math at least once
my name is Courtney the same data says
440,000 were last month users but this
is all data from 2012 I'm 29 it's use is
likely still on the rise according to
DEA meth seizure data
I am a functioning drug addict crystal
meth is extremely addictive and Courtney
has been addicted for five years would
you like to get the booty bump on camera
to use among gay men happens at a higher
rate than other users it's very
difficult to try to really get our hands
on what proportion of gay men are
actually using meth but I think it's
safe to say based on a cross-section of
the studies that have been published gay
men are over represented in the
population of methamphetamine users
that's called a health disparity in
public health research with this drug
what it's known for is bringing out the
the unhappiness of your inner like sex
obese I guess you could say and it's not
exactly a secret in the gay community
there's actually a term for it party and
play or PNP to describe the association
between engaging in sex and using drugs
9 times 8 is is meth when you're
partying you know the reason that meth
use allows individuals to stay up for
two days or three days and have marathon
sex is because it's speed Matthews has
been viewed as a causing factor of HIV
but dr. hulky disease research and
Courtney's experience suggests something
more complicated is happening I felt
I've been gay since
was like 2 or 3 I would dress up in my
grandmother's my heels and put on my
grandmother's dresses growing up
Courtney was rejected by his father and
turned to sex chat lines in search of a
male mentor I've been having sex 12 with
grown men he said he had slept with over
50 people half adult men by the age of
14 that's abuse you know that sexual
abuse by 21 years old
Courtney found out he was hiv-positive
and three years later he tried math for
the first time I was 24 years ago in
Atlanta Georgia I had broken up with my
ex I found out I was hiv-positive it's
like nothing mattered to me you know I
wanted to get away I wanted to get take
my mind off of me being positive it took
the hurt away in a 2014 study dr. Hal
Keita's found that 65% of hiv-positive
men started using math a few years after
contracting the disease there's a theory
multiple minority stress theory that
argues the higher the number of
memberships and minority groups that you
have the more likely you are to have
health consequences because you are
living in a society that discriminates
against you or stigmatized you because
of your race because of your sexual
orientation because of your HIV status
and because of your economic means and
taken together those four factors create
a reality for someone that is not
particularly nice reality and so
methamphetamine provides a very quick
and easy escape from day to day living
after five years Courtney is finally
telling family members about his
addiction and trying to stop it just
took four now for him to really come out
to let us know so basically now my thing
is like I said do more things or helping
him
quick but of course quitting and staying
clean is a struggle the typical
treatment for meth addiction is
behavioral therapy basically Alcoholics
Anonymous for math and at the park with
his cousin Courtney bumped into a former
heroin addict who had similar advice
congratulations I'm currently using oh
yeah yes off and on but it's a everyday
I mean that's why I'm eating or like
even just talking to people who have a
similar problems if it's an isolate or a
disease being being clean this long I
can tell you it's the greatest it's the
best thing that ever happened
sobriety is something that you've got to
want to do you gotta want to be sober
you gotta want to take those steps to to
move forward and have a a functioning
life drugs you know they ruin people
they were a lie over me
do you want to get sober of course I
will get sober not wanting to I will
again
