the movie makeover is you know sort of
the conventions boiled down to the grill
takes off her glasses and she's hot
that's Todd vanderwerff Fox comms
culture editor we got together to talk
about makeover movies you know the ones
given the right look the right boyfriend
BAM
in six weeks she's the one being crowned
prom queen for all that it gets made fun
of and justifiably made fun of I think
Rachael Leigh Cook sells to makeover and
she's all that to the degree that I just
like okay sure nobody noticed that she
looked like Rachael Leigh Cook until now
one of the very first movies with a
makeover as its central plotline was a
film called now Voyager starring Betty
Davis Charlotte played by Davis pretty
much had at every single convention you
see in makeover movies today she was shy
and nervous she wore glasses she had a
unibrow and after a brief stint in a
sanatorium she came out looking like a
real winner I've lost over 25 pounds it
won't fit it's rooted in Cinderella it's
rooted in any story of the girl or boy
who discovers they're secretly royalty
which is the famous fairy tale
convention me
a princess shut up all right so there
are a few things that always happen in a
makeover movie one you have to establish
that the girl or guy is invisible to the
people around them or clumsy or both
number two you have to find them as
seemingly unattainable love interest
number three their friends convince them
that the only way to get out of their
shitty situation is a makeover let's do
a makeover
number four the big reveal
it's occasionally been gender flipped
and you have the guy like does his hair
a different way and suddenly everybody's
like oh wow what a good-looking guy what
I think it's interesting about the
makeover story is that probably in the
last 30 years we don't want it to be
that easy
WHMIS is perfect for this Cher's main
thrill in life is a makeover okay it
gives her a sense of control in a world
v chaos clueless is based on the Jane
Austen novel Emma as it really gets it
some of her themes like social class and
propriety and what women are allowed to
be and the character who needs the
makeover basically as Alicia
Silverstone's character she doesn't
realize that until the very end and like
in some ways the audience doesn't as
well it's a marvelously structured movie
like if you look at it at that level let
me just let me just do a shout out to
the recent movie the Duff how could you
guys not tell me this whole time and I
was your Duff or what your designated
ugly fat friend the Duff really
understood that Mae Whitman's character
in that movie was not gonna put on like
a pink prom dress and suddenly be you
know Taylor Swift she was always going
to be kind of the quirky funny girl who
are you wearing pajamas
oh my god you know I get it Wesley ok
I'm disgusting I'm a I'm a Swamp Thing
I'm a regular Bela Lugosi makeover was
less about becoming someone who was
conventionally attractive to like dudes
and more about becoming the kind of girl
she would be when she was a junior in
college and had sort of figured her
out with some intensive work she'll be
ready for the world's finest trailer
park makeover movies aren't the most
sophisticated stories in the world
but it's a trope that resonates with
people teenagers constantly want to hear
that they're OK the way they are that's
ultimately what the makeover story's
about it's about that when you put the
glasses back on and the prom dress comes
off and you're dressed in your artsy
paint-spattered overalls you're still
like a worthwhile person
