just after midnight thousands celebrated
what was once just a dream
gay couples are tying the knot legally
for the first time in Connecticut and
now in the past week both Iowa and
Vermont chairs in New Hampshire where
same-sex couples celebrated the first
same-sex couple to legally Wed in the
nation's capital
judges across the state will be opening
their doors today
big wins for same-sex marriage Maine
Maryland and Washington have become the
first dates to approve same-sex marriage
by popular vote it's a historic day for
Maryland the Defense of Marriage Act was
struck down in proposition 8 effectively
invalidated again legalizing same-sex
marriage in California Rhode Island and
Minnesota are the latest states to
legalize same-sex marriage same-sex
marriages are being recognized in the
state of New Jersey and Hawaii will
become the sixteenth state New Mexico
has become the latest state a federal
judge has struck down Oregon's same-sex
marriage bans a federal judge in
Pennsylvania and starting today same-sex
couples in Illinois can legally marry
United States Supreme Court here in
Washington has now decided not to hear
appeals on same-sex marriage the court's
order immediately ends delays on
marriage in these states more than half
all Americans now live in a state where
gay marriage is legal a federal judge
has struck
North Carolina's gay marriage bang we're
gonna take you to Alaska now legal in
the state of Idaho Wyoming is the latest
state in Montana South Carolina's
same-sex marriage officially became
legal in the Sunshine State at midnight
full-blown civil rights battle in
Alabama now 36 states and the District
of Columbia currently allow gay
marriages the landmark decision the US
Supreme Court has ruled that states
cannot ban same-sex marriages what this
means is that it is now the law of the
land in the fourteen states that now ban
same-sex marriage - this will take a
while it won't be immediate
