I was watching this episode of The
Simpsons the other day where Lisa thinks
she's going to get Dumber as she gets
older because she has the Simpsons gene
I can't just be bad dang I feel like I'm
getting Dumber by the minute her brother
and her father and her uncles have it so
she must have it right but she finds out
there's a catch that effective Simpson
gene is on the y chromosome so only men
are affected and it got me thinking what
do we actually really know about the Y
chromosome and how did we get there
what does the Y stand for there was a
lot of fascinating TV shows about
genetics in the 1950s we are about to
unfold for you an adventure in the world
of science nearly every person has 23
pairs of chromosomes and every male
human being the 23rd pair of chromosomes
is a mismatch one type has a long x
chromosome the other type has a short Y
chromosome
early on we learned that girls have two
x chromosomes and boys have an X and a Y
and then this happened
a man with XYY was discovered who is a
normal guy living a normal life a few
years later some researchers started
drawing lines between having an extra Y
chromosome and a life of violent crime
some studies from the 70s said that an
extra Y chromosome meant a man was more
aggressive it all started at a Scottish
mental institution where 315 men were
genetically tested for chromosomal
abnormalities nine of these men were
above average height had severe mental
impairments had criminal records and had
XYY syndrome although these nine men had
criminal backgrounds almost identical to
men without XYY scientists concluded
that their history was directly related
to their genetic disorder so is an extra
Y chromosome that's the criminal gene
then marry Topher a researcher in the
u.s. began searching for the XY Y
chromosome and developmentally disabled
boys and institutions in Pennsylvania
they were tall and had moderate acne on
their face and in her mind these were
clear signs of XYY cohost Research
Center says he's an XY Y man do you
believe in that theory around that time
tall man in Chicago with visible acne
scars on his face brutally raped and
murdered eight nurses his name was
Richard Speck it immediately made sense
to tell her that he was XY Y 2
the New York Times latched onto this
story and ran a series about the genetic
disorder stating that specks criminal
disposition was directly related to the
fact that he was a super male with an
extra Y chromosome genetic testing
however concluded that he was XY but the
damage was done the idea of a genetic
mutant super male quickly became a
cultural phenomenon well had found out
got national chromosome not surprisingly
there was this huge bias and research
conducted on its YY men nearly all
genetic testing of these chromosomes
were conducted in prisons and mental
institutions way so the extra Y
chromosome doesn't leave the violence
the fact is about one in a thousand men
have XYY syndrome and a vast majority
are completely unaware of their
there's just no proven correlation
between aggressive criminal behavior and
having an extra Y chromosome is that all
most people know that there's not a
murder gene in our bodies that make us
criminals but we still use the Y
chromosome as a huge cultural symbol for
aggression and masculinity pick up a Y
chromosome while you were there you
might be struck water a lack of a Y
chromosome means a guy is super feminine
and more than one Y chromosome means
he's a killer
and then there's Jenna Maroney jenna is
an Ashkenazi Jew with an extra Y
chromosome
what sign up when you're watching your
favorite TV show it's really important
to remember that masculinity and
femininity are as much defined by the
world around us as the genes inside us
you
