at this point according to polls you are
the most polarizing president really
since we began polling but before you
the record was sent by george w bush
before Jeb Bush recognize that by Bill
Clinton well there are a couple of
things that in my mind at least
contribute to our politics being more
polarized than people actually are the
balkanization of the media means that
you know we just don't have a common
place where we get common facts in a
common worldview the way we did 20-30
years ago and that just keeps on
accelerating technology which brings the
world to us also allows us to narrow our
point of view that's contributed to
gerrymander contributes to it and a lot
of it has to do with just unlimited
money now there been periods in the past
work been pretty polarized I think there
just wasn't polling around even during
the so-called golden age where you know
yet liberal Republicans and conservative
Democrats there was deal cutting going
on in Congress generally speaking big
stuff didn't get done unless there was a
major crisis and or you had big
majorities of one party control in the
Congress and a president of the same
party I mean that's just been the
history there have been exceptions my
first two years in office when I had a
democratic my house and a Democratic
Senate you know we were as productive as
any time since Lyndon Johnson and when
the majority went away stuff got blocked
probably the one thing that we could
change without a constitutional
amendment that would make a difference
here would be the elimination of the
routine use of the filibuster in the
Senate because I think that does in a
era in which the parties are more
polarized
it almost ensure greater gridlock and
less clarity in terms of the positions
of the parties
there's nothing the Constitution that
requires it
the framers were pretty good about
designing a house a Senate to assure
that a majority didn't just run rampant
the filibuster in this modern age
probably just torques it too far in the
direction of a majority party not being
able to govern effectively and move
forward its platform
