there's always this tool when you read
articles about poverty but this is this
intractable problem that we barely
understand let alone like have the
clothes to deal with we have the tools
that's called cash the government spends
billions of dollars on these really
complicated schemes to end poverty but
the permit poverty is not having enough
money the simplest solution when someone
doesn't have enough money is to give
them money and so that's more or less
the idea universe basic income so lots
of people have supported basically
common or guaranteed income or whatever
you want to call it Martin Luther King
endorsed one in his last book Milton
Friedman libertarian economist outline
does specific plan for one charles
murray birth a bell curve is an avid
proponent one thing that gets lost that
it really was a mainstream political
idea in america it's recently as the
1970s Richard Nixon tried to pass a
guaranteed minimum income inspired but
Milton Friedman taught very close to
acid George McGovern who ran against him
ran against him on a platform they
included a more generous guaranteed
minimum income Jimmy Carter tried to
pass a minimum income as president but
was this was a really mainstream idea it
wasn't something there's like crazy like
it sometimes feel like today now a few
things happened to make it that way the
big one was that there were a bunch of
experiments that tried out a version of
a basic income called a negative income
tax in a bunch of different cities in
the US and Canada and it's one of those
experiments where people will still
argue about what the results actually
said
taken to this day what got reported and
passed along by politicians was no one's
gonna work if you if you implement cuts
that's not true there was an effect on
people work fewer hours but it was a
pretty modest effect and it's really
hard to say where it came from like one
place it probably came from was people
staying in school longer but the
overwhelming feeling in Washington was
ok we had this idea we tried it it
didn't work
it's totally possible good and poverty
and we shouldn't act as though this is
something that no one has caught up a
way to fix people have thought of a way
to fix the question is if we think it's
worth it
