the simple fact of the 2014 election is
in its basic structure is a disaster for
Democrats it is a perfect storm here is
the first basic trick midterm elections
simply favor Republicans the electorate
is older and it is writer than it is in
presidential elections the Republican
leaning portion of the electorate also
happens to be older and wider so you get
more Republicans and fewer Democrats the
next simple fact is at midterm elections
favor the party that does not avoid us
it almost always is a huge movement for
the minority party in the last century
there have only been three midterm
elections three where the minority party
has actually lost seats and those were
extraordinary moments in American
history that was 1934 during the Great
Depression it was 1998 after Republicans
tried to impeach an aloof President
Clinton and it was 2002 after 9/11 this
is not like one of those like this third
both in the house and in the Senate the
map itself favors Republicans in a very
very big way part of that is because of
where Democrats live clustered in urban
areas and part of it is because after
2010 Republicans took over a lot of
state legislatures they jerem hindered
the hell out of a lot of the maps in
2012 Democrats won 1.4 million house
votes more than Republicans but they got
beat by Republicans by 33 seats in the
house
winning more votes is not enough for
Democrats to win back the house
the Senate is totally in on the story
unlike in the house where everybody is
up for reelection in every election the
Senate roughly 1/3 of the Senate is up
in any given year this election is
coming in cycle from 2008 Democrats had
a great year in a way they want a lot of
Senate seats and so now they're
defending a lot more than Republicans
are of the 36 seats up this year
Democrats are actually defending 21 of
them Republicans are only defending 15
that just flatly means Republicans have
a lot more opportunities to win these
seats here the Democrats do
but Republicans shouldn't get too
excited because a 2016 election its
basic shape is gonna favor the Democrats
it is an election with the electorate
will be younger and more non-white it is
an election where Democrats will have
many more opportunities to win Senate
seats than Republicans it is a
presidential election where the
president's party often has some
an advantage around fundraising this is
likely to go very bad for Democrats but
one reason you do not see them freaking
out the way you might normally is that
they figure even if they lose the Senate
this year the projects gonna take it
back two years from now and how much
harm can be done in two years
