we decided let's put a message in the
bottle why not this channel that we had
to cross to get to the next Island this
is the one that was infested with sharks
and stingrays I mean I say infested but
there were several you know that's
that's a little worrisome one you can't
touch the bottom and you know you're in
their domain we wrote a note we dated it
and we signed our names to it and you
rolled it up and we put some cake into
the bottle and we put the cork that came
with a wine bottle just popped it right
onto it then we got up and we went out
to the ocean
I get like 5 or 10 feet away from this
bottle and there's just this like
lightning flash moment where I'm like oh
my god there's paper in there if there's
clearly paper in there toss the bottle
into the ocean and then it travel around
for a few years a few thousand miles it
washed up on H and you found it these
two met in one of the strangest ways
imaginable through a message in a bottle
and it's largely thanks to this guy
Clint Buffington who one might say has a
certain knack for finding these bottles
on beaches all across the world you know
I'll tell you some of the stuff that I
found on the beach yeah so definitely
bottles obviously light bowls shoes yeah
of all kinds knickers flip-flops every
other kind of clothing shirts socks
refrigerators microwaves television
computers found a bunch of Blackberry
phones that have cameras washed up film
canisters cleaning detergent mentioned
lightbulbs yeah that's a big one
fluorescent tubes those things are
terrifying I mean there's some places I
go it's just like a carpet of light
bulbs and you just have to tiptoe
because it's like you never know when
you're gonna get a piece of glass
through the leg aside from the usual
pollutants and trash Clint has found
lots and lots of bottles with messages
inside here's him holding that wine
bottle Carol and her husband Edie
stuffed with cake and tossed into the
sea on their first wedding anniversary
he's also got opinions on which types of
bottles are best for protecting messages
and which ones look the best probably
the best believe it or not is the
classic beautiful thing that you think
of with the message in a bottle which is
just a line bottle that has a cork in in
an actual cork it isn't always clear
where the messages come from and
sometimes Clint spends months tracking
down the sender he found Carolyn dead
after contacting a local news reporter
who wrote a story about the bottle that
brought them together but Clint's also
has an innate understanding of the ocean
Edie and Kara Meyers dropped their
bottle from a resort in North Carolina's
Outer Banks Clint found it about a
thousand miles away in the Turks and
Caicos Islands
this bottles journey wasn't entirely
random there was some science involved
the nautical magazine and naval
Chronicle for 1843 has a lot of
interesting stuff in it stuff like
keeping up morale by doling out lots of
rum but you'll also find tables and
tables of so-called bottle papers for
centuries researchers used bottles to
study the oceans currents they toss a
bottle into the sea and then track not
only where it ended up but how it got
there so for example in one study a
bottle was dropped at 24 degrees north
and 19 degrees west and it eventually
showed up in Cuba
sailors could use this information to
learn about the oceans various current
patterns surface currents travel in big
gyres think of them as these whirling
circles and they carry stuff like trash
and messages and bottles around the
world looking at these current patterns
we know that Carole's bottle departing
from North Carolina
most likely traversed the entire North
Atlantic Ocean and made its way down the
coast of North Africa before being
redirected to the Caribbean where Clint
found it Clint will often use these
currents to determine where to look for
his treasures north west coast probably
going to find some from like Pacific
island nations or maybe from Japan say
you're looking for messages and bottles
in England you'll probably find a lot
from the States because we've got the
Gulf Stream that goes right up the east
coast of the states and heads straight
over to Europe so a lot of stuff washes
up in Europe you can even to a certain
degree predict it the National Oceanic
and Atmospheric Administration has a
current simulator using data from
electronically updated tracking buoys
drop a pin near Hawaii and you'll find
it ends up in Taiwan and the message in
a bottle stories seem to match right up
Clint frequents Turks and Caicos which
is perfectly situated to receive bottles
from all over the East Coast and Europe
he's found bottles off the Missouri
River and in other odd places but the
Caribbean islands are something of a
treasure trove for bottles that travel
through the North Atlantic gyre a
Clint's real trick though isn't finding
these bottles but tracking down the
people who send them
you know if somebody sees this bottle on
the beach which is empty that's
obviously trash right but then this
bottle is not right in my mind that's
treasure that's trash
messages and bottles may not be the best
way to exchange information but they
connect people in ways that email never
could we wrote and and Carol Myers
celebrated their first wedding
anniversary of the Sanderling in resort
on February 14th 1999 they were Wed on
Valentine's Day in Fredericksburg
Virginia included in this note to some
of our wedding cake peace and love to
you we wish you happiness and we each
signed it currents are predictable Clint
can more or less determine where a
bottle will end up but he can't predict
who sent it and that's really the beauty
of the message in a bottle it leaves the
connecting part to the ebb and flow of
the natural world there's no algorithm
no social network just the pulse of the
sea and the promise of a mystery when we
found each other
it was also point in my life where my
mother had been diagnosed with cancer
and she was she was gonna quickly die
shortly thereafter and doctors found for
me is rape an unruptured brain aneurysm
so I was like in the middle of all that
horror and pain and grief was this
magical really mystical experience of
you finding this bottle you know yeah
but we forgot about and it was a huge
turning point in my life too I mean I
never really thought about it this way
but like finishing college and going out
into the world is you know it's a time
when everybody's trying to figure out
who they're gonna be and having this as
a hobbyist
it really defines Who I am now and so
and it's interesting that became at such
a pivotal moment for both of us
right it's probably infer to ask this
but do you have a favorite message in a
bottle well I do
I think sting is probably the first one
who really takes the message in a bottle
and blows it up in pop culture
