Americans spend seven percent of the
house of income on food which is not
just less than people in developing
countries in Pakistan it was like 49%
but it's less than people in the UK less
than people in France less than people
in Belgium less than people in
essentially any other industrialized
nation do you think it's a good thing or
a bad thing the scariest thing about
that statistic is that people will say
hey it's great we spend so little money
on food but you know we're we're getting
clobbered on other costs I mean we have
a higher rates of obesity than all those
countries - we've higher rates of
diabetes in all those countries - you
could spend real small portion of your
income on food and you're basically
buying calories you're not buying
nutrition and that's that's a deadly
thing to be doing I mean and this is one
of the places where I think it gets very
the way it works out it's very unfair we
talk a lot about income inequality but
there is this a yawning health
inequality there is very very large life
expectancy gains for richer people much
lower ones for poor folks there's pretty
good health into old age for for richer
people pretty bad health into old age
for lower-income folks and it seems to
me that increasingly more so than I
remember being true you know when I read
sort of food histories of the 70s or 80s
or even the 90s that how people lead is
become beginning to magnify that
inequality because not just of the the
cost beside but of the cultural side of
what's considered sort of appropriate in
different groups and I think there's a
lot there's a lot to unpack in what you
just said one you know you start talking
about it as if it's a food issue but
really it's a justice issue or a rights
issue or an equality issue or whatever
you whatever you want to call it it's a
class issue that's number one number two
I would say we need to make the
distinction between eating decent food
and eating let's say elite food or
really really special food and I think
you know we know what it is we ought to
be eating it's more fruits and
vegetables that's less animal products
and processed stuff let's talk about
that let's set the local and or gay
and you know microgreens aside and say
if you like that stuff if you can afford
that stuff more power to you but the
important thing is that everybody focus
on eating real food and then you sort of
take it out of this elites fear of only
wealthy people only the top 10% or
whatever can afford to eat well it's
really not true probably 80 90 percent
of the people united states can't afford
to eat real food they just choose not to
and time is an issue but again it's a
question of priorities if you want to
live a healthy life and you want to live
into your 80s or even your 90s and and
not develop diabetes it's important when
you're young to be eating well eating
less processed food less junk and so on
are you enthused by the rise of this
sort of group of chains like I don't
know Chipotle chopped that have been
very very fast growing and have had more
of an emphasis on sort of Whole Foods
this idea that it's possible that sort
of these chains actually can be more of
the directory1 even the price here which
is obviously one of the problems imagine
poley i was an early supporter of
Chipotle and I think they've done great
things in moving things in the right
direction and chopped and sweet green
and in places like but they are more
expensive there's no question that
they're more expensive but they're in a
way putting their priorities where they
ought to be it's it's a very tricky
combination because you have fast food
combinations that are serving not such
great food or let's say a step up from
McDonald's where maybe they're treating
their workers much better so you support
you support one chain for one thing and
one chain for another thing but really
what we're looking for is if you think
of the iPhone we're looking for the
Jesus chain you know the one that says
okay we're gonna reduce our cruelty as
much as we can we're gonna try to
eliminate antibiotics from our food
supply we're gonna use real food we're
gonna try to serve nutritious food we're
gonna treat our workers right that's a
lot of demands on a fast food chain and
you are not going to do that at a $4
price point but it's also a lot of
informational demands on the consumer
right I mean and this is true whether
you're buying food in the supermarket or
you're buying food
at a chain or at any kind of restaurant
where there are so many dimensions not
just of Health but now of morality of
what you're doing to the environment of
what you're doing to the animals of what
you're doing to the workers but this is
all great by the way that yes there's
awareness is there but it is very hard
to know it just has become I think
incredibly stressful
honestly pit pit eat and feel like you
are not screwing someone or something
over possibly yourself a very badly well
it's true and at some point you know
from a personal perspective at some
point you just have to say F P you know
just have to eat because you know I need
two to three times a day so I think it
goes back in a way to if you're if
you're eating whole food real food
natural there's really no good word for
it but real food
you are definitely reducing your carbon
footprint
I mean unprocessed food versus processed
food you're definitely making less of an
environmental impact what you're dealing
and you and you're also eating better
for yourself so you so by by choosing a
little corny sounding but by choosing to
increase the amount of plants and other
real Foods in your diet you're both
helping the planet and helping yourself
Labor's a whole nother issue I mean and
and it's not labeled so you don't know
you have to do research if you can and
sustainability in a way is a whole
nother issue you don't know what's going
on with fish it's so complicated I mean
you have people who will say yes we can
afford to manage our wild fish stocks in
a way that makes it so people can eat
fish and people say no that's completely
impossible you and I are not going to
know the answer to that and and that's
if we think about it every generation
has things that future generations finds
unconscionable about what it did and
it's not always predictable at the time
I tend to wonder about the way we grow
and produce our food in particular I
mean it seems very very plausible to me
that the way we treat animals will be in
a hundred years or 150 years helped
along by
advances like lab meat just seen is
absolutely unbelievable food plays into
this but climate change and sort of just
emitting all kinds of greenhouse gases
and pretty heedless ways will be seen as
having been a genuinely irresponsible
and potentially tragic thing that that
we were complicit in in this generation
and I mean those are the two that always
come back to and and they're really food
is really really really interwove and
into them to me in a discussion like the
one we're having right now I look at how
long it took us to see the problems with
tobacco because this the links between
tobacco and cancer went back 50 years
before it was really handled in an
intelligent way and it continues to
evolve right and I think the thing we're
gonna be really smacking our heads about
now is soda and other you know really
non-nutritive straight calories that are
only damaging kinds of food which are
not food and I think 20 if not 20 then
certainly 50 years from now we're gonna
be saying what were we thinking eating
you know 50 pounds of sugar a year or
whatever it is per person this was
really dumb so I think there there are
small strides being made now but I'd
like to think we're gonna see this
snowball that we're gonna see more and
more recognition that you know food is
health food does have an impact on the
environment food is really AG is really
really important how we grow things
really affects everything else it's just
unavoidable to see that more and more
and we're gonna have to see change about
that what is it what do you think
snowballing there looks like how what
are what are the things in society that
you think need to tip for these to
become more mainstream issues I think
there are three things I think the more
research we see a bad let's say added
sugars is the is the easiest way to to
put it the more research we see about
that the more damaging will see that and
someone somewhere is going to put a not
stop but some kind of limit on the ease
with which at least we're able to market
added sugars to young kid
who really don't have that kind of
judgment a second thing might be
antibiotics in the food supply because
all you need is one big epidemic of MRSA
or you know one antibiotic resistant
bacteria that you can trace back to the
overuse of antibiotics and in animal
production to say okay we have to we
have to stop this we have to limit this
then you see you know the FDA is doing
that but they're doing it in a kind of
weak way um and I'm you know we probably
want to get into the ins and outs of
this tiny little bit of policy but the
FDA could be stronger about limiting
antibiotics and the food supply and I
think the third thing which is related
is look the way animals are treated
confined animal feeding operations where
more and more people are seeing or at
least were seeing before laws were
passed to try to keep people from seeing
we're seeing just how badly animals were
treated and just what you know I said
this for years if you're gonna produce
animals like widgets you're gonna lose
your own soul and I think that we're you
know we produce eight or ten billion
animals a year it's a really big number
and we eat we eat that meat as if it
didn't matter but it does matter and it
matters you know not only from
environmental health perspective but
from cruelty is a little abstract but we
are responsible for that we did this
feature of 40 maps and charts around
food so one of the one of the
interesting things about it was one of
the first ones we showed was this chart
of how much of the population worked in
agriculture worked in food production
and it goes from like 70% ish or um dawn
with republic down to I think it's 2
percent or something now same time you
see this freely sharp rise in how much
food were actually producing right it's
not like what happened is all the food
production moved to South America or
somewhere but we just became so good at
industrial production right we automated
so much production it's so much more
about tractors and pesticides and all
this and it is about human beings now
the agricultural system has driven a
wedge between AG and food between
production and
it used to be you know you grew stuff
and you ate it and and there was a you
know there was a level of big level of
interdependence Eon farms and now you
have a state like Iowa which was a farm
state in the sense that there were
farmers and people were farming and they
were yes they were growing corn and yes
they were growing soybeans but they were
also had chickens in the backyard and
families had pigs and they grew
vegetables and so on then life and now
the whole state is industrial production
and it's corn and soybeans and pigs and
chickens but not backyard pigs and
chickens you go to Iowa and you see
abandoned farmhouses everywhere it's
just hundreds and hundreds of acres I
mean we've all seen the pictures but the
system has changed it's changed
dramatically and has changed for the
worse
yes food is cheap or it appears to be
cheap but it's not good for us that's a
problem
