why should we have a public option for
internet access we need a public option
for internet access because internet
access is just like electricity or a
road grid this is something that the
private market doesn't provide left to
its own devices what they'll do is
systematically provide extraordinarily
expensive services for the richest
people in America leave out huge swathes
of the population and in general try to
make their own profits at the expense of
social good when it comes to fiber
penetration
that's the world-class kind of network
we should have we're behind
Sweden Estonia Korea Hong Kong Japan I
mean a whole host of other developed
countries we should be looking the rest
of the world in the rearview mirror
instead for more than 77% of Americans
their only choice for a high-capacity
connection is their local cable monopoly
so just as we have a postal service
that's a public option for
communications that the form of mail we
also need public options in every city
for ubiquitous very high-capacity very
high speed fiber Internet access that
way we'll make sure we can compete with
every other nation in the 21st century
why does the apartment market fail to
offer Internet access that that you see
is acceptable well here's the problem
this is a very expensive thing to build
in the first place like the highway
system also very expensive to build and
so as a profit-making company what
they're going to try to do is focus on
those areas where they feel they can
reap the highest rewards and those are
often richest neighborhoods richest
suburbs they're going to leave out you
know less dense areas and places that
are more remote but we're one country
and every American needs this access
just the same way every American needed
a telephone line it seems that core to
this argument is the idea that internet
is almost a right and not just internet
but extremely high-speed Internet fiber
Internet why should we see that as a
right and not as a luxury well I
wouldn't frame in terms of a right I
think it's just a utility other
countries just take it for granted I
went to Stockholm in December they pay
about 30 bucks a month for gigabit
access something we can't even imagine
in the United States how fast are we
typically 10 megabits per second or less
so this is a hundred times faster what's
happening in Stockholm in Seoul and
Japan and Hong Kong and a whole bunch of
very reasonable northern European
countries they just say that this very
high capacity connection is needed to
power many screens with very high
resolution so that for example many
people in your house can be using this
connection businesses can populate
entire walls with information
look the historical analog here the
reason that this is the utility is that
when electricity was first invented my
grandmother would have called it the
light bill the electric bill because it
was only used for one device in a house
same thing here we have this image of
Internet access just being for a single
PC or a single connection by one family
member inside a building that's not
where we're going everything we're doing
is going to be powered by Internet data
and in order to make
new things that will be useful in that
world we've got to have those very
high-capacity networks you talk about
internet as utility yeah but when you
explain it it sounds almost more like a
platform the argument is that this is a
platform for the next economy much as
rows or a platform for the
interconnected economy that we had prior
much like the postal service ended up
being a platform for the integration of
the country and that in order to have
all kinds of other things because they
don't exist yet can't pay for the
services will need I call it a utility
because that's the model of oversight
that it should have but the larger
vision is just the what you roll out
that it's an input into absolutely
everything we do particularly the
economy moves more towards being an
information services based economy or
we're not making things as much as we
used to we're certainly not an
agricultural nation so this is the
essential input into entertainment
social life cultural life economic
growth everything else we do so one way
of understanding your argument is that
it's highly government centric and yet
something you really emphasize is that
the problem here is actually a lack of
competition that for most people in most
cities you don't have a bunch of choices
for the internet you have one choice and
because that choice ends up being a
local monopoly they can charge too much
and deliver too little why has it ended
up that way well what happened is that
we deregulated this entire sector about
ten years ago and the cable guys already
had exclusive franchises across the
country they were able to very
inexpensively upgrade those two pretty
high-speed Internet access connections
meanwhile the telephone companies have
totally withdrawn from this market they
are they were they had copper line in
the ground is expensive for them to
build it up replace it with fiber so
because of both deregulation and in
sweeping consolidation in the cable
industry we've ended up on this plateau
where about 80 percent of Americans
their only choice for a high-capacity
internet access connection is their
local cable monopoly you know in a sense
I'm trying to have it both ways what I'm
saying is that this is by nature a
natural monopoly it really makes sense
to have one wire going to your house
the problem is we've gotten stuck with
the wrong wire we've got a cable wire
and it should be fiber and it should be
then shared by lots of competitors
that's what drives prices down that's
what gives people choice but if you hand
the one company the ability to control
that market they'll just reap the
rewards and price discriminations make
lots of profits that are in their
interest and not malign but not in our
social interest and having a complete
coverage for the entire country I think
the the numbers tend to say we're 26 27
28 worldwide in terms of cost for
internet access you know holding speed
constant and yet we are by far it seems
the best at innovating atop the Internet
and the best of taking advantage of what
it has to offer
so does that argue that this
infrastructure that making it better and
better and better actually isn't that
important that that may not be the the
operative binding constraint here oh
that's so interesting no actually it
turns out that their culture in these
other countries is not as innovative as
ours and that has been a comparative
advantage for us this I went to
Stockholm
the Swedes there say we have a very fast
Network but our city is too neat nobody
bumps into each other there's no grit
there's no energy for innovation at same
thing in Seoul I visited there and the
kids there said well if we invent
anything Samsung will just crush us so
we've got this huge advantage in an
innovative culture but if we don't have
the networks to play with we won't be
the place where new ideas come from that
take advantage of very high capacity
applications those other countries are
catching up something you've done a lot
of work on is the idea of the open
Internet the the road where anybody can
travel upon it no matter how heavy the
truck is so to speak there's recently
been a series of court decisions that
have put that a little more into threat
where net neutrality has become somewhat
more under question there has been news
it Netflix is paying comcast in order to
get direct access to the Comcast
backbone what is the open Internet and
is it actually something that we need to
be concerned about well the reason the
Internet
the most exciting thing that happened in
my adult life is that it doesn't require
permission see The Bachelor love The
Bachelor that's great
if only no but the reason the Internet
is the most important development in my
life is that you don't have to ask
anybody for permission to start
something new you can launch something
in your garage and it becomes this
extraordinary thing like Facebook or
Google and there what has happened is
that because of the regulation that the
FCC did ten years ago they're trying to
simultaneously say here's some rules for
the open Internet but we're not going to
label Internet access as a utility and
the court the DC Circuit just a month
ago or so said you can't have it both
ways
you can't both say the Internet access
is a luxury you know an unregulated
product and have these rules about
keeping this permissionless Internet
open so that's why net neutrality which
is the idea that anybody can use the
internet for whatever application or
service they want to is under such
threat it's because our regulator has
given up its authority to say anything
to the providers of high-speed Internet
access and in that vacuum we've got the
tremendous consolidation so Comcast this
enormous company the largest media
company by revenue in the world at this
point it has been able to force Netflix
to pay tributes in order to reach
Netflix as subscribers that's possible
because again our regulator has given up
all oversight of these high-speed
Internet access networks if cobrowse
were sitting here yeah they would say I
think that you began that answer by
saying that the beauty of the Internet
is that any new company can come on to
it but that at the end of the answer it
was about Netflix a massive incumbent
who uses tremendous amounts of bandwidth
and they would argue that in a limited
bandwidth world of which they are in
with their technology and in order to
keep space for the new entrants there
needs to be some help from the folks who
are taking up tremendous amounts of
bandwidth who are at this point
massively established incumbents you
don't I think think that is a reasonable
in response No
not at all actually I mean right now
they're charging Netflix but you know
Netflix got a pretty good price because
it's so big this incumbency you
mentioned what about the next person the
next company that uses a lot of capacity
could be a telemedicine services could
be distance education they're also going
to have to pay tribute to Comcast
Comcast is making north of 95 percent
profit on its provision of high-speed
Internet access services its capital
expenditures as a percentage of its
revenue are down to fourteen percent
it's in harvesting mode it's making
tremendous amounts of money it doesn't
need to charge those companies that want
to reach their subscribers it's just it
can and so that's what's going on and
what is constraining cities now is a
problem a money one is a problem
regulatory it's almost funny in 20
states the United States states have
passed laws saying cities don't have the
choice to do this these laws have been
rammed through often by incumbents
because they just hate change and
they're happy with the way things are so
one thing that needs to happen is we
need to it's called preempt block the
effect of these state laws so that
cities can make this decision for
themselves and the FCC to its credit
chairman wheeler has announced that this
would be a good direction to investigate
making clear that state legislators
can't stop cities from at least having
this threat of a public option in mind
what is the argument of state
legislature makes when it stops the city
why do they say it should be illegal for
the city to build a fiber backbone so it
has faster internet we went through
exactly the same story the
electrification so often the state
legislators don't quite understand
what's going on or they think of this as
a luxury that should only be provided by
the private market and so they just say
it's gonna be a waste of money for
cities to have anything to do with this
and so it's in the state's interest to
constrain the cities from wasting their
own money that's the argument it's all a
complete canard as it was in the time of
electrification so I'm curious what you
think is the political circumstance
under which a project of the size that
you're talking about could happen
historically what have been the forcing
mechanisms that have made it possible to
make these
this investments and changes in the way
we deliver fundamental infrastructure
well this is fundamentally a question of
leadership in the absence of Eisenhower
at the time of the federal highway story
it wouldn't have happened in the absence
of Roosevelt who really took on the
electrification special interests and
decided he was going to fix the
situation it wouldn't have happened so
the first step is actually leadership
and someone who understands this issue
and understands that we're falling
farther and farther behind and is
concerned about our future as a nation
this requires long-term thinking but
these infrastructure issues are not
partisan by nature the free market only
functions if it has these you know level
playing field inputs that are in place
like electricity and communication
services and roads it isn't at all
unusual or that say this state to get
involved in these kinds of things so you
add together leadership plus great
unhappiness on the part of the American
people plus some ability to tell this
story plainly so people understand it
and they're not confused and I think in
time you'll see quite a movement towards
Nass fiber ization of the United States
