there's a problem in journalism we call
some of the topics we cover the
vegetables of spinach as if they're
there they're gross and people should be
reading them but they're not gonna want
to it's a terrible attitude
if we can take things that are important
and as meaningful in people's lives that
make them interesting that failure is
100% on us as writers that is entirely
our fault there's so much information
out there it's the most exciting time to
be a reader and a lover of media if you
want information you can get at any time
at any place but at the same time it's
there's all these challenges as a reader
I remember beginning to follow the news
I remember the feeling of anxiety around
opening a new article and knowing that I
was about to feel stupid I was about to
feel like I was outside the club this is
a real problem and it's not a problem we
could solve in print the nature of the
medium the nature of the space
constraint was that we couldn't put all
the information you needed but we don't
have that constraint on the web we can
solve this problem digital articles at
least in principle lasts forever as web
archives
that's something some people are taking
advantage of today but we don't think
that people are really writing articles
with that even mind
Ezra and Matt and Melissa came to work
with us at Vox media because they knew
that we weren't just a media company
we're also a technology company and that
we could take their idea take their
vision and actually make it real success
in somewhat grandiose terms is that we
want to create the single greatest
resources available for people to
understand the issues that are in the
news I can't wait to see if what we
think people need is actually what they
need if it's not we'll change it we want
to have the ability to move fast I have
loved the codenamed project s but that's
not going to be the name of the site the
name of the site is voxcom
coming in here and work in with with
Trey and his team was shocking we have
had to step up our game so dramatically
they're figuring out ways that this idea
will actually work and so the only thing
that made sense was to pick a name that
reflected that we can build all of the
context so that in order to begin to
understand it is you don't need to read
it for a long time and understand 20% of
the first article than 23% of the second
and 25% of the fifth we can actually
just put the information there for you
there's no such thing here as the
vegetables of journalism we have to
figure out how to make this stuff not
just matter to people not just appealing
to people we have to figure out how to
make it understandable to them too
you
