after months of protests from Native
Americans and environmental activists
construction of the Dakota access
pipeline will stop it's a tremendous
victory for a standing Rock for the
objective shot going for the countless
tribal nations indigenous communities
and millions of Americans and people
across the world who hit the streets in
support of Standing Rock the company
building the pipeline was waiting for a
permit on the very last section which
would have crossed the Missouri River
just north of the Standing Rock Sioux
Reservation instead of granting the
permit the US Army Corps of Engineers
says it will find an alternate route for
the pipeline for months Native Americans
and environmental activists have
protested arguing the pipeline poses an
environmental hazard the Missouri River
is the only water supply for the
Standing Rock Sioux tribe that cats
Kameny that they don't have a water
supply the company building the pipeline
so that would be safer than sending oil
via trucks or trains that this pipeline
is being built to safety standards that
far exceed what the government requires
us to do with the increase in US oil
production oil pipeline leaks are up 60
percent since 2009 Sunoco logistics
spills more crude than any of its
competitors 200 all leaks in the last
six years doesn't that safety record
indicate that the concerns of the
Standing Rock tribe ought to be listened
to the tribe also claimed construction
had already disrupted some of their
sacred sites and burial grounds we have
a sworn declaration from one of the
tribes cultural experts that describe
some of these sites multiple grave sites
and burials we put all that in front of
the court in the next morning it was
gone they took that information and
bulldozed the entire site the law tries
to keep this exact thing from happening
through a process called consultation
anytime there's a project on federal
lands American Indian government has the
right to consult with the United States
agencies before those projects both
forward the tribe says this consultation
didn't happen the way it was
those two and four months they've been
occupying land that's owned by the
pipeline company but which the tribe
says belongs to them and County law
enforcement officials have been
aggressively trying to get them to leave
the CEO of the company building the
pipeline had hoped that president-elect
Donald Trump could push the project
through and though Trump says he
supports the pipeline he'd have to go
through the courts to reverse this
decision from the Army Corps which means
for now the tribes water sources faith
