April 19th 2017 will always be a big
date in mind and I get very like
sentimental with things like that and
I'm like this is just a doll it all
started this is the beginning of a whole
new journey
it really is I I really this is the
beginning like a whole new life I feel
like
okay this is week one of the video diary
last week I had an endoscopy done so
this week I got the letter basically
saying all is well I'm good I'm all
right for the surgery I'm just gonna go
through a couple quick questions for you
you still want doctors show as your
surgeon oh yeah okay I'll make sure he's
doing your surgery
after I've lost a significant amount of
weight with the surgery
I expect my life to get easier in
certain areas when it comes to school
like I said mobility climbing steps or
sitting in smaller desks have an easier
time shopping for clothes we're going to
didn't really consider bariatric surgery
for myself until my mom was considering
it for herself and that was kind of what
sealed the deal for me we're back were
from Nigeria right in West Africa and
the notion I would have in Africa is the
bigger you are the more money you have
to spend so when we came here allow it's
just you know grew up and it was
something that's up to like 50 pounds
yeah they came here and then you want to
feed your children what you missed as a
child you don't want them to miss it
it's whatever you want to eat you know
okay so I decided I wanted McDonald's
for breakfast middle meal large hot
caramel mocha I think a lot about
college would be different from high
school I would be a lot more social in
college I actually want to join a lot
more clubs and now I have this kind of
surgery thrown in there
the after-effects and aftermath of that
good morning it's April 19th it's the
day of surgery I'm really happy I'm
really excited mom are you excited I'm
having vertical sleeve gastrectomy today
and I decided to do this because I I
know I'm like 230 pounds overweight I
I've thought a lot about the life
changes the positive life changes that's
going to come from this and really
really
for them I'm happy I'm chill at the same
time I don't know I'm like mellow but
excited his spirit I don't know but I'm
not nervous
well if I was gonna rate it from one to
ten ten being like the worst pain I've
ever felt it was probably maybe one to
seven nausea pain in my up my abdominal
area I threw up at least twice while I
get full very quickly I also you know I
get hungry quicker than I expected so a
few weeks ago I noticed that my weight
went out there's no way I could have
eaten enough food to maintain my weight
I was really sad like I didn't tell my
mom until like four days after I weighed
myself I looked through some like chats
and things of people who had bariatric
surgery around three or four weeks their
weight will stall or go up even and it's
not necessarily uncommon
initially my intentions were to go to
college but due to like financial issues
I decided that the best thing was for me
to defer for a year so I'm working for
you hours a week so I'm gonna be saving
at least half of my income for school so
I just finished with my first day of my
first job ever which was that checkers
they really just had me on the grill
like flipping patties I was on my seat
the whole time as expected I did
definitely get hot at times my feet kind
of hurt but it was my first day so me
and my sisters decided that we were
gonna start walking it's a safe way the
first time we did it it was such a mess
we were so weak but we stuck through it
cuz cuz we're champions
what are we champion champion I'm so
serious they're gonna kick us out of
this goddamn community overall I just
felt like checkers wasn't the job for me
which is so comfortable I was also slow
because of my lethargy from being so hot
all the time I interviewed at Safeway
and I was hired same day it's cold
because it's a grocery store it's much
more comfortable for me I had my surgery
about four and a half months ago by
bariatric standards my progress isn't
that good but I mean about my own
personal standards fifty thousand four
and a half months is great what I
decided to do was meal prepping I made
sure that everything I every like Bowl
I made had at least 30 grams of protein
in it so I went shopping recently and I
was trying on the same sizes that I was
wearing pre-op I was noticing that they
were too big on me and then I tried on
things that were
14:16 I was just so excited in in the
dressing room they were playing music I
was dancing along I was so happy I don't
think I like as I was looking through
the videos I actually don't think I saw
a single video of a teenager I feel like
when you're younger you have a bit less
control in your life so you have to be
able to adapt to all the changes that
are coming your way regardless of
whether you ask for them so the first
few months I was really in this mindset
of like I don't have to do as much
because the surgery like that the
restrictive space and my stomach is
enough to just to just sort of on its
own help me lose a lot of weight without
me having to put in much effort and I
think that is true for a lot of
bariatric patients but it really wasn't
for me I don't know I think it helped me
grow as a person for me it wasn't
perfect it wasn't super super ideal but
I I wasn't just gonna sit back and then
be upset about it and just let it happen
I'm not that type of person
so click update for you guys I've been
super super dedicated to me and my mom's
business I've been putting in a ton of
time and effort I've also been applying
to colleges and applying to scholarships
right now I weigh around 310 bringing my
total weight loss to 76 pounds in 8
months it is beautiful how life can
change like that so unexpectedly it's
just been absolutely amazing
