why does every keyboard look like this
the QWERTY keyboard is overrated okay so
this top strip here there is a 99%
chance that on your keyboard its qwe rty
QWERTY we all have these QWERTY
keyboards there's probably even one in
your pocket on a screen but why why is
this pattern of letters so familiar
report it the keyboard but why of course
QWERTY was just one person's invention
from the 1870s it's almost a hundred
forty years old yet it's still the
standard many receive it
we all use it but don't know why that's
the definition of overrated and it turns
out that this little keyboard is the
subject of intense debate some lies
you've probably been told before and a
few real explanations that might
surprise you including an old-fashioned
car town
lots of people have tried to arrange
these jumbled letters there was a half
century period of indecision debate in
the 1840s
Hue's printing Telegraph arranged the
keys like a piano keyboard or look at
Hanson's writing ball from 1865 people's
fingers pecked at this thing
the letters varied per version but they
showed up in this pattern this 1860 a
typewriter looks weird too but it was
the start of something the inventor was
Christopher Latham Sholes he looked like
typewriter Santa Claus and he kept going
in 1870 he developed a pattern like this
as of 1873 he'd come up with a keyboard
that looked a lot like QWERTY but there
were quirks
notice that period where the R should be
in the a and Z are flipped the M also
sits next to the L Remington a company
that made machines for shooting and
sewing bought the design suddenly they
were in the typewriter business the
design Shoals patented in 1878 was
basically QWERTY along with the numbers
the only weirdness is that M next to the
L and the C and X are flipped compared
to a contemporary keyboard the company
that made Remington typewriters was soon
sending out sales packets with the
QWERTY we know and love but that doesn't
quite explain how QWERTY got big there
are urban legends ones that QWERTY was
designed that way to keep typewriter
keys from Jamie but lots of designs
could do that and there's not a lot of
good evidence that that's why QWERTY was
designed other options were even still
around in 1890 like the Merritt
typewriter you moved this handle to the
right spot for your letter and pressed
out the letters weren't in QWERTY they
were in a big long strip that looked
like this so it was a coupe hitch
keyboard
many typists believed it worked as well
as QWERTY but the best evidence of all
that QWERTY wasn't the perfect design
might be this invention from 1889 the
keyboard not QWERTY but X pincher the
inventor Christopher Latham Sholes the
guy who invented QWERTY he created it
just before he died even the creator of
QWERTY wasn't settled on QWERTY and
that's where the cartel comes in look at
this king he has something to do with
QWERTY see the label on his crown trusts
in the 1890s many companies merged into
Trust's that allowed them to fix prices
and control markets in 1893 that
happened with typewriters when some of
the biggest manufacturers came together
to form Union typewriter company
manufacturers cared most about price and
technical improvements like how the
typewriter worked but there was another
effect of the trust the biggest company
made Remington typewriters and they used
Scholz's QWERTY keyboard design the
trust did the same most experts think
the trust didn't work to fix prices it
had trouble beating innovative
competitors but their market power did
fix a pattern on the keyboard and
there's one more reason why that pattern
stuck
look at these old typewriter ads or
these early typists now you might notice
that most of these students are women
that is worth noting but for the story
of QWERTY it's more important to notice
that they're in a class together
typing wasn't like it is today where you
get one of these at the office or one of
these when you're born typist strained
they took classes if you took a class
you took it for the most common keyboard
that was QWERTY people still debate
whether QWERTY is the best some say the
1930s Dvorak keyboard is better others
say it too is overrated whether it's the
best system or not
QWERTY isn't going anywhere anytime soon
how you type it's more important than
what you type this is the mark of a good
typing there are so many other
unprovable theories when it comes to
QWERTY one of my favorites is that the
keyboard was arranged that way so that
sales people could peck out typewriter
all on the top of the keyboard
