Donald Trump will be our next president
those are not words I thought I'd be
saying tonight
I will be president for all Americans
and this is so important to me but now
it's up to America's institutions then
to the people within them to check his
worst instincts look there is danger in
Trump we know that he's a man with
authoritarian impulses Donald J Trump is
calling for a total and complete
shutdown of Muslims entering the United
States
he's got a conspiracy theorist mind why
doesn't he show his birth certificate is
very little impulse control and
particularly when attacked even less
decency is the demagogues instinct for
finding enemies a bully's instinct for
finding weaknesses he's uninterested in
policy unrestrained by shame and he's
unbound by democratic norms he surrounds
himself with sycophants and enablers and
he believes both the facts and this is
more important than falsehoods that he
finds congenial but Trump isn't entering
an office the presidency that is weaker
than many realize for all the same
reasons Barack Obama couldn't bring
about all the change he had made people
believe in Trump can't wrench America
directly to his vision of greatness he
is constrained by the house in the
Senate by the Supreme Court by the
executive agencies and in ways less
formal but maybe more powerful by his
own staff his own party there would be
more comfort in this if there was more
opposition in these institutions but
Republicans control everything the House
the Senate and after an appointment they
will make the Supreme Court if Trump is
to be checked it will be because his own
party checks him so far Republicans have
not showing much interest or much
ability to stand up to their
standard-bearer top Republicans closed
ranks around Trump is by believing him
fundamentally unfit for office there
embrace did not lead to any kind of
bargain though it didn't lead to Trump
surrounding himself with more
professional staff or developing sound
or policy or moderating his worst
incidences
already the Trump campaign is leaked
they will fill their administration's
top positions with the most supportive
people they can find and not the best
people they can find they're talking
about
Newt Gingrich four-state rudy giuliani
chris christie Reince Priebus people who
supported them not people best qualified
for these jobs but the number of jobs
they have candidates for is slim they'll
need a lot more bodies to fill both the
White House and the executive agencies
and this is a place where the Republican
Party could play a real role in
surrounding Trump with calmer wiser
advisors who could provide him better
information and curb his worst impulses
the Republican Congress will use Trump
to pass the agenda they have already
crafted Paul Ryan's bargain has always
been that he'll endorse a man he clearly
believes to be dangerous as long as that
man will sign his budget and here's the
question I asked do I believe that these
principles and these policies that flow
from those principles have a better
chance of making the law with Donald
Trump than Hillary Clinton
absolutely I do believe that Trump is a
deal maker he'll presumably hold up his
end of the deal the question then is
whether Congress tries to check tribe
elsewhere on surveillance wartime powers
on trade look our institutions in truth
are only as good as the people we have
running them parties have a real reason
to back their president that's how Trump
United the GOP after it became the
nominee and it's how he'll hold it
together after he takes the White House
there's been little evidence of
Republicans even the ones who clearly
recognize the danger of Trump poses are
willing to risk electoral punishment to
protect the country they so often
profess to love the House and Senate
Republicans they know that Trump's
success is their success his strength is
their strength the same goes for his
staff and is appointees the question is
whether all of them can structure a
version of success for him that keeps
the country safe
whether they will be willing if the
worst comes to pass to cross the
president for their country if there is
hope though it is here the incentives of
governance are different than the
incentives of opposition the Republican
majority will have to face the voters in
2018 and again and
20 if they've taken health insurance
from tens and millions of people without
replacement if they've ripped open
families and communities with
indiscriminate deportation if they've
embroiled us in disastrous wars if
they've sent the economy at the tailspin
those elections will not be fun
Republicans have a majority and they
will want to keep it and to keep it they
will need to govern well or at least
convince the electorate that they have
governed well and to govern well they
will need to keep Trump's worst
tendencies in check now we'll see if
they can now we'll see how strong the
American system really is
