the story is horrifyingly familiar the
shooter reportedly bought his guns
legally and pledged allegiance to isis
in a call to 911 last minute he
announced allegiance to ISIL but what
makes this attack even worse is that it
was also the deadliest attack against
the LGBTQ community on record the attack
came against the backdrop of Pride Month
a time when the LGBTQ community
commemorates the fight for equal rights
and acceptance in America to understand
we have to go back to the New York City
of the late 1960s back then it was not
uncommon at all for the New York City
police to raid gay and trans friendly
bars so in 1969 patrons at the Stonewall
Inn in New York City resisted this
police harassment and four nights of
rioting commenced historians note that
the Stonewall riots were the turning
point that helped to make the gay rights
movement into a national one it was only
a year after Stonewall as the late
activist Frank committee notes that at
least 1,500 gay rights groups emerged
where only 50 existed before along with
the civil rights groups the United
States saw a proliferation of bars and
clubs that were friendly to or for the
LGBTQ community these places became
central as a safe place for this
community to socialize and meet
this is a time where large portions of
the American public felt homosexuality
itself should be illegal it was also a
time when the HIV and AIDS epidemic
further cast the gay community into a
negative light over the years that would
follow attitudes slowly started to shift
in the United States and gay bars and
clubs like pulse where the attack
occurred are part of this history places
where everyone no matter their sexual
orientation or gender identity should
feel safe to be themselves in a world
where homophobia remains the norm and
while it took a long time to get from
here to here the LGBTQ community
continues to face violence and
challenges in American life and across
the globe while the outpouring of
support after this devastating attack
also suggests significant progress there
are still no truly safe places for LGBTQ
people and it will still be a long
journey seeing that there are
