here's he's a war hero because he was
captured I like people that weren't
captured okay I hate to tell you the
2016 Republican presidential nominee
disregards the norms of adult behavior
he disregards the norms of American
democracy as we know it it should be
heartbreaking to every American that we
have a front-runner that suggests there
will be a religious test for anybody who
wishes to come to our shores
he's so unusual his rhetoric at times so
extreme that political experts and
commentators were blindsided by his rise
we better be ready for the fact that he
might be leading the Republican ticket
how did Donald Trump attract such broad
support within the Republican Party and
what does it mean for the u.s. beyond
this election and it turns out that this
is a question that can be answered to a
really surprising extent via this nice
field of political science it developed
a theory about what's called
authoritarianism we're not talking about
dictatorships authoritarianism is a term
political scientists used for a
worldview that values order and
authority and distrusts outsiders and
social change and we know Thorat Aryans
feel threatened they look for strongmen
leaders leaders who are punitive who
target out groups and you have a simple
forceful leadership style that makes
them feel strong and if you were going
to grow that candidate in a lab you
would look a lot like Donald Trump would
you get these chairs you have to take
out their families they care about their
lives don't get yourself what they say
they don't care about the less you have
to take out their families
authoritarianism is not in and of itself
necessarily a partisan issue for most of
this country's history authoritarians
were likely divided between the two
parties but now only one of the parties
really appeals to them what happened was
the Republican Party started to embrace
what it referred to as traditional
values and it stood against a series of
major social changes in this country
after initially supporting
rights Republicans began courting
southern white voters who opposed racial
integration they turned against the
Equal Rights Amendment denounced
abortion and later fought against
same-sex marriage our nation must enact
a constitutional amendment to protect
marriage in America
more recently foreign threats like
terrorism have become major political
issues with Republicans taking positions
that align with authoritarian fears and
preferences so mark Hetherington and
Jonathan Wyler two political scientists
they tracked data over several decades
and they found that authoritarian voters
were shifting into the Republican Party
so that means that when authoritarians
become scared when they become activated
by a particular social change or issue
the Republican Party can't ignore them
and they are ready-made constituency for
a candidate like Donald Trump are you
going to have a massive deportation
you're going to have a deportation force
I would bring back waterboarding and I'd
bring back a hell of a lot worse than
waterboarding testing people for
authoritarianism is a bit tricky you
can't necessarily just ask people you
know are you really freaked out by
social change do racial differences
unsettle you do you support strongman
leaders because those are very sensitive
questions that people won't necessarily
answer them honestly
so instead political scientists ask
people about something more neutral
their parenting preferences please tell
me which one you think is more important
for a child to have independence or
respect for elders obedience or
self-reliance these questions seem like
they're about raising children but
really what they're asking people is how
much they value order and authority so
when political scientists tested these
for parenting questions against the
behaviors that they knew authoritarians
exhibited they found out that the
correlation was very close it was very
predictive at least for white voters
using this for question test Vox worked
with morning consult in February 2016 to
pull a large sample of likely voters our
results yielded a few really interesting
thing
the first one was that yes scoring high
on the authoritarianism questions was
very predictive of support for Trump a
political science PhD student named Maki
McWilliams has found similar results he
has done two polls both of which have
found that authoritarianism is not only
strongly predictive of trump support but
that it seems to do a better job of
predicting it than virtually any other
factor we also looked at what authority
rien voters are afraid of on things like
car accidents or the risk of gun
violence or prescription drugs there
wasn't a huge difference between
authoritarians and non authoritarian but
when it came to threats associated with
people and particularly foreign people
authoritarians were much more afraid and
we identified policies that
authoritarians were more likely to
support so authoritarians were much more
likely to say for instance that the
United States should use force rather
than diplomacy when dealing with
countries that threaten our interests
overseas and they were much more likely
to want to sacrifice civil liberties in
exchange for safety I want surveillance
of certain mosques okay if that's okay
it's a set of priorities that doesn't
always aligned with the Republican
establishment you don't seem to have
that much interest in small government
and they definitely don't seem
particularly interested in shrinking
entitlements like Social Security or
Medicaid this theory doesn't fully
explain the Trump phenomenon researchers
will probably study this election for
decades but what it tells us is that
he's benefited from a larger shift in
this country one that goes beyond any
one candidate from byzant just a fluke
he's not somebody who's just doing well
because he had name recognition or was a
famous TV star this is a large group of
people they want these things and
they're going to be looking for
politicians who can give it to them
and that means that Donald Trump could
be just the first of many Trump's in
American politics I love the old days
you know what they used to do to guys
like that when they were in a place like
this they'd be carried out on a
stretcher folks that's true
you
