you've seen graffiti it ranges from
elaborate murals to crew scribbles on
bathroom walls leaving your name or tag
on things that aren't yours is an
age-old practice in bragging rights just
to say I was here and the more intricate
the tag or more challenging the spot the
better but the story isn't about the
type of tag you've probably seen its
about this one the tag of the hobo hobos
or tramps were workers and Wanderers
that once roamed the countryside by
illegally hopping freight trains peak
hobo dome in America began in the 1890s
continued the 1930s and usually
coincided with periods of financial
crisis and mass unemployment around the
same time the expansion of the railroad
opened up new work opportunities in the
West this kind of classic late 19th
century hobo with somebody who kind of
navigated between jobs and not having
jobs you know a lot of these jobs are
temporary like seasonal agricultural
work or you know thanks for building the
bridge now get out of here I'm building
I'm the photographer I work in film
photo and tall tales by 1911 the number
of hobos in America was estimated at
700,000 being on the road wasn't easy
hobos were unwelcome in many towns and
were constantly chased by both local
police and private railroad police and
despite the reputation for being bums
100 years ago a skilled hobo was called
a profession or profession so professor
somebody who's like good at what they do
they're able to not get caught by the
law and you know leave the camp clean
for the next guy and maybe most
importantly they didn't draw attention
to wherever hobos work profession you
know does not blow up the spot hobos are
constantly on the move but they found a
way to communicate with each other
through graffiti search hobo graffiti
online and you'll find these mysterious
icons that hobo supposedly used as a
sort of coded graphic language symbols
that they would scratch or draw onto
houses and fence posts to let fellow
Wanderers know things like kind lady
lives here there are thieves about
good place for a handout stories
surrounding these signs have been
circulating for a long time go code this
sign for instance means no good they
show up in the original hobo literature
- like in the books of Leon ray
Livingston also known as a number one
once the world's most famous hobo in the
early 20th century a number one
published several books about hobo life
and lore and included symbols like these
and news articles at the time claimed to
decode the secret hobo language this st.
Louis star article from 1921 even
includes illustrations of how the signs
were supposedly being used the problem
is all this information came from hobos
a group that took pride in their
elusiveness and embellished storytelling
the truth is there really isn't any
evidence that these signs were widely
used as the literature suggests it's
hard for us to know what the facts were
because I think hobos used their
mythology as kind of a covered so the
tall tales and the drawings and even the
books by a number one or ways to project
an image of themselves that both kind of
like blew them up but also kept them
hidden
hobo graffiti was actually rooted in a
graphic representation of a road persona
called a moniker that every hobo has a
Monica that rides the rails different
Monica's fits different motors monikers
usually said something about the person
where they were from a physical trait if
they were young or old how hobos use
their monikers sort of falls into two
camps leading their tag on boxcars
moving across the country and something
bill calls tramp writing early original
Tramp writing that has to do with
addressing the issues of mobility and
travel announcing your place and
direction than where you are the
original graffiti included arrows and
letters indicating which direction that
hobo was heading next sort of like a
hobo trekker
tramps are generally making these marks
on water tanks or stationary things you
know where they were camped out so it
worked as kind of a personal telegraph
you know like say I'm here you know
anybody around tender for trams and it
wasn't long before the drawings moved
from stationary objects like water tanks
to rail cars I think there was just an
evolution kind of like what happened in
New York with like oh I can ride
street corner before I ride on this
train boom it's going everywhere and
hobos weren't the only ones doing this
kind of graffiti rail workers stuck in
the same train yard for years marked
passing boxcars with monikers of their
own I started doing October of 68 while
them guys
go on vacation they say I don't see when
you'd am drawing in Canada or Mexico or
California you know I thought well I'll
never get there a mile off since
something monikers aren't used for
communication anymore but they do still
exist in Freight graffiti and it's kind
of come to mean specifically this type
of drawing you know usually oil stick or
chalk based drawing that's usually an
identity proclamation usually a sketch a
lot of times the self-portrait moniker
just kind of is the perfect word to
describe this type of art writing at its
core all graffiti is a messaging system
even if the message is as simple as I
was here tramp writing you know tramp
marking has that in common with graffiti
that it has a little bit to do with
making a connection with somebody in a
really remote place even when they're
not there just this ability to say like
well you got here too
