voters and some of this year's
presidential primaries may be in for a
rude awakening more than a dozen states
have passed laws since the last
presidential election that require
voters to show government-issued photo
ID at the polls which could keep
millions from casting a ballot eleven
percent of eligible Americans don't have
these categories of state issued photo
IDs when you're looking at particular
demographics the percentage is even
higher Indiana was the first state to
pass such a law and Republicans and
other states followed suit but most of
their attempts were blocked by judges or
Democratic legislators and governors
then in 2010 the Republicans won big at
both the national and the state level
they picked up eleven governorships and
gain control of 57 state legislative
chambers where they quickly got to work
passing strict voter ID laws these
states got a boost from the Supreme
Court when it rolled back parts of the
Voting Rights Act in 2013 now states
with a history of discrimination
wouldn't have to worry about the courts
stepping in and calling their voter ID
laws unconstitutional the majority of
these voter ID bills were approved on
party line boats Democrats opposed them
and Republicans argued that voter ID
laws helped prevent voter fraud but a
Justice Department investigation under
george w bush only prosecuted 86 cases
of voter fraud in five years it really
just doesn't happen
americans are more likely to get struck
by lightning than they are they found er
somebody who's committed the kind of
voter fraud that get stopped by voter ID
laws when voter fraud does happen it's
much more likely to involve the use of
absentee ballots from people using fake
names to vote to groups that go to
nursing homes and pressure residents to
sign absentee ballots for a certain
candidate but absentee ballots are more
likely to favor Republicans and these
strict voter ID bills they don't deal
with them it doesn't exactly help the
GOP cause when its members admit that
these laws are about keeping people from
voting the law is gonna kick the
Democrats in the butt voter ID which is
gonna allow Governor Romney
in the state of Pennsylvania and there's
research to back up the idea that this
is a political strategy for Republicans
to political scientists found that
states with increased minority voter
turnout between 2004 and 2008 were more
likely to pass restrictive voter ID laws
than other states and voters in a lot of
these places they can't help but be
reminded of another time when opponents
sought to limit their right to vote the
tools may have changed but the goal
sounds all too familiar
you
