the president and the Chancellor of the
University of Missouri are both out of a
job they resigned under pressure from
groups who say that they hadn't
responded quick enough or intensely
enough to some racist incidents on
campus after threats of a faculty
walkout and a strike by several of the
black players on the football team both
men agreed that their time was up the
players strike and Wolfe's resignation
have pressed Mizzou into the national
spotlight but it's really just the
latest development following a string of
racist incidents on campus black
students are underrepresented at the
University of Missouri and they faced
racism for years in 2011 a statue on
campus was sprayed with racist graffiti
and in 2010 cotton balls were strewn
outside the black culture center this
September the school's student body
president Payton head wrote in a
Facebook post that a group of white men
shouted the n-word at him from a pickup
truck the post went viral and head and
other black students wanted a response
from university administrators then in
October members of a student group
called the Legion of black collegians
were rehearsing for their homecoming
performance when they to say a man
started yelling racial slurs at them the
university's Chancellor R bowen Loftin
denounced the slurs in a video and said
that the entire university would be
required to take online diversity
training it's enough let's stop this
let's end hatred and racism at Mizzou
but black students said that they wanted
a response from Lofton's boss University
of Missouri system President Tim Wolfe
graduate student Jordan Butler said that
he and other black students tried
reaching out to Wolfe but they were
ignored they staged a protest at the
school's homecoming parade standing in
front of Wolf's car for about 15 minutes
blocking its progress through the parade
route
Wolfe refused to engage with the
protesters and ten days after the parade
they wrote a list of demands including
Wolfe's resignation handwritten apology
and an increase in black faculty and
staff the protesters called themselves
concerned student 1950 which was the
year of black students were first
allowed at the University tensions
increased on October 24th when a
swastika made of human feces was smeared
on the wall of a communal bathroom in a
new dorm nearly a week
after they released their list of
demands Wolfe met with members of
concerned student 1950 but the group
said that he didn't address any of the
demands that they had sent him
beforehand so six days after that
meeting graduate student Jordan Butler
said he would go on a hunger strike
until Wolfe was fired or resigned Wolfe
later issued an apology for ignoring the
homecoming protestors but it was too
little too late in support of Butler a
good chunk of the football team said
that they wouldn't play until Wolfe was
removed from office and a group of
faculty members urged their colleagues
to cancel class and solidarity with the
protesters and that same day Wolfe and
Lofton announced their resignations the
dust-up shows that college
administrators can't ignore students
demands for social change on campus
especially if football teams start
getting involved the players at Mizzou
have shown that they can wield
tremendous power off the field if they
choose to
