when you look at a picture like this
what do you see chances are you see a
face you see eyes you see a mouth you
see emotions even though these are just
inanimate objects there's nothing there
but you've heard this story before the
internet loves pictures like these they
sell on eBay for a lot of money and they
make headlines all the time they say
it's the face of Jesus H by Nature on a
hillside look at this I certainly feel
blessed Jesus it's clearly the energy
well we know to be Jesus there must be a
reason it's caused by this phenomenon
called pareidolia which is Greek for
beyond the image way back in the day was
considered a symptom of psychosis
Leonardo da Vinci wrote about it in a
notebook as good inspiration for
painters and psychologists started to
use it as a mental evaluation technique
the idea behind it is that our brains
consume a lot of random information all
the time and they're constantly trying
to pinpoint patterns to make sense of
everything around us so when we look at
something like a concrete floor
our brains pick out the stuff that makes
sense like a litter the alphabet our two
eyes and a nose and these are the things
that were most comfortable with and
familiar with so whether or not they're
actually there they're what we tend to
perceive because they make sense to us
in this one experiment from 2011 people
were shown faces hidden inside a noise
background and they recognized them
really well over 90% of the time in each
trial but when they were given noise
only images without faces hidden in them
participants kept seeing faces about 40%
of the time even when there was nothing
there now scientists believe that this
response is caused by a specific part of
the brain called the fusiform face area
which is specialized for facial
recognition and it starts working really
early in humans studies have shown that
babies who are given drawings that look
like this will consistently gravitate
towards the one that's arranged to look
like a human head by about 12 months old
all the tortilla takes on the appearance
of Jesus his head his facial hair the
whole thing but here's where it gets
interesting in a 2013 study researchers
at the University of Helsinki tested 47
people for pareidolia some of them were
religious or paranormal believers and
some of them are not and they found that
the believers were consistently more
prominence of perceiving faces and
random patterns than the skeptics were
so really it's no surprise that so many
of these incidents involve seeing a face
of a religious figure in a random
pattern and that's what makes this so
interesting our constant search for
meaning and everything is actually
hardwired in our brains and that's what
makes us who we are
