do you recognize this face most people
probably do but try describing it from
memory kind of like a taller head
does he have brown eyes they're not
exactly deep-set green eyes
bland futures I don't remember like any
dimples or Mole Ben Affleck's nose not
flat but not super pointy either so this
is the challenge faced by police sketch
artists they interview victims and
witnesses about a criminal space and
their drawings go out to the public with
the goal of soliciting tips take a good
look at that schedule if that man looks
familiar if you have any information
you're asked to call Metro Crime
Stoppers we wanted to know how accurate
these sketches are and if there might be
a better way to put those memories onto
paper
there really isn't any good data on how
often a sketch helps police catch a
criminal on the loose but by the looks
of it more often than not they don't
achieve a very strong likeness there are
certainly some notable exceptions like
this sketch made of Oklahoma City bomber
Timothy McVeigh or cases where the
suspect has a really distinctive look
but mostly they're kind of a shot in the
dark
in academic experiment sketches were
identified correctly only around 8% of
the time now that's arguably better than
nothing but there are also risks to
putting out a bad sketch this man served
12 years in prison for a crime he didn't
commit after someone said he looked like
the sketch of a rapist and then the
victim wrongly chose him from a lineup
here's why this is so hard
psychologists have long known that we
process human faces holistically rather
than on the level of individual features
here's an example take a look at this
photo now which of these is the mouth
that you saw generally people are worse
at getting this right then if the mouths
are shown in the original facial context
or try this are the top halves of these
faces the same how about these we're
generally quicker to answer when the
halves are misaligned than when they're
aligned and that suggests that it's
difficult for us to focus on just one
part of the face the rest of the face
tends to interfere so our brains aren't
well-suited to describe individual
facial features but that's typically
what victims and witnesses are asked to
do and that's been the fatal flaw for
many of the attempts to improve upon the
hand-drawn sketch dating back to the
1960s when police tried using these
mechanical kits of interchangeable
features picture puzzles to put mugs in
the jug
then came computer programs that were
slightly more customizable but they
still relied on feature by feature
reconstruction just like mr. Potato Head
in laboratory tests these systems
perform pretty badly but the latest
generation of computer program seems
more promising this system was developed
by psychologists at the University of
Winchester in the UK and it makes use of
the fact that were good at recognizing
faces but bad at recalling their parts
after the victim or witness specifies
the gender age and race it presents
randomly generated faces instead of
individual features and all the person
has to do is choose a few faces that
most resemble the suspect using what's
called a genetic algorithm those faces
then get bred together and a new set of
faces appears they can also adjust
holistic variables like attractiveness
when they tested this program in the lab
participants were able to generate these
celebrity faces from memory and when
they tried it in five real police
departments it led to arrests around 40%
of the time on average and up to 60
percent in the most recent trial for
example this composite helped police
catch a man who raped two women in
Manchester someone called in after they
recognized the image as a local
fast-food worker nearly half of violent
crimes go unsolved in the US and that
includes around 60 percent of rapes
sketches are easy to poke fun at but
they've been one of the only tools
detectives have in the absence of other
evidence so it's good news that in the
future they might be slightly less of an
art in more of a science
