network neutrality advocates just scored
a huge win a win that year to go didn't
even seem possible for them no one
whether government or corporate should
control free and open access to the
Internet the Federal Communications
Commission said that both wireless and
wired internet providers are actually
public utilities and as such the federal
government can effectively regulate them
and force them to abide by net
neutrality rules now if you don't know
what net neutrality is it is the idea
that on the internet we shouldn't be
discriminating against different kinds
of traffic Google should not be able to
pay and get a better sort of faster
internet connection to people's homes
than some upstart
startup search engine net neutrality is
considered by a lot of the people who
work or in the growth of the Internet to
be the secret sauce and why the Internet
has become such an incredible innovative
place the idea is it it's why you've
been able to have startup after startup
after startup come and revolutionize the
entire industry why you've not just had
the complete cementing of superpower big
monopolies in the way that you did with
past technologies the problem is when
the FCC originally went and tried to
impose net neutrality rules they didn't
want to call internet providers public
utilities have felt to them you know
old-school big government it's like what
the government did in 1950s they wanted
to seem like they were coming up with a
more 21st century lighter touch
alternative and so they kind of tried to
split the difference they said we're
gonna regulate you a lot like we would
regulate a public utility but we're not
going to classify you as a public
utility Verizon which is a big internet
provider look at that said you can't do
that at all and sued and won and as such
he gutted the net neutrality rules the
FCC brought out a couple years ago that
looked to a lot of people like the end
of the rules that had allowed the
internet to flourish but the federal
government that particularly the Federal
Communications Commission went back and
instead of backing down they actually
went harder so they went and just
reclassified all these internet
providers as public utilities that gives
the federal government much more power
to regulate
them and they did it which a lot of
people didn't expect not just for the
folks running a cable to your house to
give you internet but also to the
providers for of internet for
smartphones tablets the wireless
internet providers so this actually
means it pretty much all internet
providers now have to abide by net
neutrality rules what is interesting
here isn't just a regulation but the
philosophical point the idea that
internet providers are so crucial to
modern life do they actually need to be
regulated in a completely different way
the government is essentially raising
them to the level of electricity
providers or water providers a public
utility that the public has an interest
in making sure is distributed and run
fairly
