we've been hearing a lot about
anti-vaxxers in the news lately but
they've been around since the beginning
of vaccines vaccines date back to the
research of Edward Jenner a doctor who's
working in rural Britain in the 1700s he
noticed that on the farm the milkmaids
didn't get smallpox in the way everyone
else around him seemed to so one by one
he started scraping pus from sick cows
into the skin of his family members and
miraculously they didn't get sick his
discovery led to the smallpox vaccine
and later the world's first and only
infectious disease eradication is
acquired this act of immunity by
actually having the disease fortunately
there's a safer way to get immunity this
is through vaccination Edward Jenner was
basically ostracized from his community
people thought it was disgusting that he
would inject his family with pathogens
from the sick animal fast forward to
today and the same kinds of concerns
continue we do not need that many
vaccines the people overly generalize
about them as if they're only great
doctors have to ask brand new parents do
you have otherwise healthy babies dozens
of needles based on the promise that
they'll avoid some future abstract
disease one discredited paper made many
many parents think that there was a link
between the measles mumps rubella
vaccine and autism you get it because
they've lifted the message from the BMJ
could not be clearer or more shocking
Wakefield research they contend has been
a fraud and we have other anti-vaxxers
today who aren't only worried about
autism there are the delayers like Rand
Paul we sometimes give five and six
vaccines all at one time I chose to have
mine
there are deniers of all stripes though
the Orthodox Jews in Brooklyn they're
the parents of children with medical
conditions who have to opt out there
even unvaccinated kids visiting
Disneyland
the majority of last year's massive
uptick in measles cases actually
involved the Amish of Ohio more than 350
people there were infected by one man
who had traveled to the Philippines
these outbreaks of vaccine-preventable
diseases in the u.s. typically happened
just like that a non immunized person
travels to a place where one of these
diseases is circulating and then returns
to a community with other similarly
unamused people and boom we don't
remember what measles are polio or
hepatitis B look like and felt like
these vaccines work so well that the
memory of these diseases has faded
viruses and bacteria don't know any
borders all it takes is a single
traveler to spark an outbreak even in
the happiest place on earth
Oh
