it has been and still is a hard time for
many but tonight we turn the page what's
fascinating about that turn the page
rhetoric isn't this is year seven of the
Obama presidency he's been doing this
for a long time and yet this is the
first time he feels able to come in
front of the American people and say we
were actually turning the page that is a
lot of confidence a confidence he hasn't
had until now that the crises it were
over running the country when he came
into office they are on some level over
that the drawdown in the Middle East is
actually a drawdown that will continue
that we're not gonna get sucked back
into that in a big way but much more
importantly that the drop in the
unemployment rate the recovery of the
economy is strong enough now and
widespread enough now that Obama can
safely talk about us as being passed the
crisis moment he can begin giving
speeches begin proposing policies that
are promised on this being not a period
of emergency in America but a period of
normalcy in America
our economy is growing and creating jobs
at the fastest pace since 1999 our
unemployment rate is now lower than it
was before the financial crisis that
right there is why you see all this
confidence in President Obama at the
State of the Union the fact that
unemployment is underneath 6% the fact
that we're seeing the longest run of
sustained private-sector job growth that
is big it allows him to come out and
make this argument that we are actually
past the crisis but more than that it
allows him to offer a different kind of
policy proposal than he has before
raising the minimum wage taxing the rich
to give tax cuts to the middle class
these are proposals that would have been
at home in the Clinton administration
these are how Democrats deal with a good
economy not a bad one and so you're not
just hearing the turning the page kind
of thing in the rhetoric you're actually
seeing it in the policy agenda Obama
puts forth and in the past year alone
about 10 million uninsured Americans
finally gained the security of health
coverage
what is interesting about that sentence
is what Obama doesn't say this is his
signature legislative achievement and by
all accounts it's actually being pretty
successful right now and yet he doesn't
spend even a couple of sentences running
through it not only that but
healthcare.gov Obamacare is in open
enrollment right now here he gets a
State of the Union the biggest audience
he himself will command probably this
year and rather than use it as an
opportunity say hey Obamacare is working
and now is a great time to go get signed
up go buy health insurance
he barely mentions it the only
explanation I can come up with the only
thing that fits with the theme of the
speech and can at all explain why Obama
does so little to mention or promote
Obamacare is it this for Obama for the
Obama administration is a speech about
looking forward they're trying as I said
to turn the page that's what
middle-class economics is the idea that
this country does best when everyone
gets their fair shot everyone does their
fair share everyone plays by the same
set of rules it is important to note
those words middle-class economics so
one you see Obama and the Democratic
Party in general here turning towards
2016 the middle class is what swings and
size elections but to every other State
of the Union you were dealing with the
unemployed you were dealing with people
in poverty you were doing the people
really hurting to move the focus from
the folks who are really in pain over to
the middle class which is in anyway
struggling it is a big shift in the
rhetoric and not just rhetoric but the
target of Obama's policies mr. Putin's
aggression it was suggested was a
masterful display of strategy and
strength that's what I heard from some
folks well today it is America that
stands strong and United with our allies
while Russia is isolated with its
economy in tatters this is a little
victory lap here for Obama on foreign
policy for much of the year all kinds of
foreign policy commentators observers
pundits were talking about how Obama is
getting outplayed by Putin Oh Putin was
a sort of grand chess master and Obama
was just playing checkers and now you
have Russia endure incredible stress the
currency is under incredible pressure
the economy's doing terribly a lot of
what Putin did seems to have isolated
them internationally this year is Obama
kind of taking a victory lap throwing it
in the face of his critics
and arguing that in fact they were
playing chess while poo was playing
checkers the American people expect us
only to go to war as a last resort and I
intend to stay true to that wisdom as
much as anything is this right there
that one sentence is a summation of
Obama's entire foreign policy something
that is maybe not unique about Obama but
unusual about him is it most politicians
most presidents most foreign policy
folks in Washington they think a lot
about the problems of American inaction
they worry about all the things we
aren't doing in the world
Obama worries a lot about the problems
of American action I think if you sat
him down and he was gonna be real honest
I think one of the things Obama is
proudest of is all the conflicts that he
has not gotten America embroiled in
