after months of jury deliberations in
the case of officer Darren Wilson
shooting teenager Michael Brown in
Ferguson Missouri the grand jury has
decided that Wilson should not be
prosecuted for Brown's death a key
element in that case as in all police
shootings all cases involving police use
of force is whether the officers
decision about whether force was
warranted was reasonable or not for an
officer is deadly forced to be legal he
has to have believed that the target of
the force was a threat to his own life
or another innocent person or that the
target was fleeing from a violent felony
but the question isn't whether the
person being shot actually was a threat
the question is whether the officer
thought he was a threat whether the
officers state of mind at the time of
the shooting was reasonable and whether
that state of mind is enough to support
the decision to shoot an officers will
rely on this defense that in a
split-second they did the right thing
they thought that they were in danger
and they pulled the trigger and that
it's not reasonable to question that and
that's a really effective defense even
if it turns out that they were wrong
grab down now there are a couple of
reasons for that people believe that
police officers are credible
another reason is that citizens are more
likely to perceive black people as
criminals juries are made of citizens so
how does an advantage for an officer
whose legal defense is that he felt
threatened by a black man the result is
that police can and do kill and a
disproportionate number of people killed
by police or black in recent years young
black men have been 21 times more likely
to be shot by police than white teens
our police have to use force in their
jobs and they will sometimes have to
make a split-second decision but over
time cases of police officers making
that decision wrong and shooting an
unarmed person because they wrongly
perceived them to be a threat keep
happening these cases keep piling up
it's time to reevaluate when we allow
police to use force and what the
consequences should be when they get it
wrong
