President Obama recently announced a
campaign to attempt to destroy the
Islamic state in Iraq and Syria we will
degrade and ultimately destroy ISIL the
American strategy is to use air power
and local allies in Iraq and Syria to
try to eliminate the group and push it
out of its strongholds this plan might
be able to contain Isis but it will not
be able to destroy it why not there's
two big reasons the Syrian civil war is
a catastrophe in humanitarian terms it's
claimed about 200,000 lives it's
displaced an extraordinary number of
Syrians but in political terms there are
so many different factions inside Syria
with competing incentives that it's very
difficult to create an effective and
stable anti-isis coalition Isis is
powerful it's defeated al Qaeda in Syria
it has defeated Bashar al Assad and has
defeated moderate Syrian rebel groups on
the battlefield right now the moderate
rebels which Obama is going to support
are very weak and even training 5,000 or
6,000 as his plan seems to call for
won't be enough in order to defeat Isis
a forced the CIA estimates between
20,000 and 31,500 let's move on to Iraq
the problem in Iraq is that there are
two really large religious groups that
are competing for control over the Iraqi
government Shia Muslims and Sunni
Muslims the Iraqi majority Shia yaki
minority Sunni the majority the Shias
have oppressed repeatedly the Sunnis
after taking control of the state from
Saddam Hussein after the original
American invasion that is fueling Isis's
power because Iraqis Sunnis flocked to
Isis they don't trust the government to
maintain their basic rights and they're
willing to try out Isis rule rather than
the central government's rule the US
needs to turn Sunni Iraqis against Isis
otherwise Isis will have cities to hide
in and a large supply of recruits will
replenish
since 9/11 the United States has not
destroyed a single major jihadi group
the reasons that they exist have to do
with politics rather than a lack of
military force to counterbalance them
alone it's hard to imagine that the
United States will have its first
success with Isis one of the strongest
jihadi groups we've ever seen
