the US is launching airstrikes right now
in northern Iraq in response to the
militant group Isis which has been
controlling parts of northern Iraq for
months now President Obama who would
work so hard to pull the u.s. out of
Iraq authorized airstrikes against Isis
if it threatens erbl which is the
capital of the Kurdish region in the
north or if it threatens Mount Sinjar
where thousands of an ethno-religious
minority called the ezd are hiding out
from Isis and this seems like a really
good thing for the Iraqis who are behind
Obama's red line around the Kurdish
region but the thing is is that most
Iraqis are not behind that red line most
Iraqis in northern Iraq have been living
under Isis rule for two months there is
no sign that President Obama's
airstrikes are going to push Isis back
from there so why did Obama do this why
did he draw a red line that just
protects a tiny sliver of the country
and not the rest of the country that has
already been conquered by this awful
group well the first reason is that the
Kurdish region in northern Iraq is
semi-autonomous it has a stable
government of its own as a strong
military that has been pretty good at
keeping out Isis forces there are a
number of Americans based there but the
Iraqi government based in Baghdad is a
complete mess the military deserted on
mass when Isis invaded the civilian
government has been on the verge of
collapse for months America does not
like the Prime Minister very much who
they think has been making the crisis
worse so Obama's calculation which is
cold but probably correct is that he can
save the Kurdish region in the north but
there's probably nothing he can do for
the rest of Iraq good news for some
Iraqis but for the many millions who
have spent the last few months under
ruled by Isis there is no end in sight
you
