why should we feel like we did a good
job responding to the financial crisis
despite the fact that today unemployment
is still a whole lot higher than anyone
would like it to be this was a classic
financial panic the most dangerous type
of financial crisis and something that
hadn't happened to the world in really
almost hundred years and if you look
what happened the Great Depression when
you look what happened around history
this is just devastating in the Great
Depression
you had a shock to wealth GDP fell
twenty-five percent unemployment to 25
percent and took ten years to get back
to a place where roughly like where we
are today our crisis was caused by a
shock that was 5 times greater and
because we responded dramatically more
forcefully much more aggressively again
it was messy wasn't pretty to look at we
were able to prevent unemployment from
rising beyond 10 percent coming started
growing again within six months that was
not
which resulted a conscious of choices to
prevent the panic from getting so much
momentum would collapse the economy I
think when people hear this when they
hear the argument that we were bolder
here than we were during the Great
Depression
it feels counter to it right because
people can name so much that happened
out of the Great Depression right though
Works Progress Administration Social
Security I mean you can really just go
it online the what was called the
alphabet soup we did we did two sets of
things that are very different not just
from the Great Depression then really
what almost any country has done in the
hundred years since or when Europe's
done less last five years the first
thing we did is we used the full force
of the central bank monetary policy the
fiscal authorities stimulus tax cuts
spending increases as well as a set of
financial programs to prevent collapse
we use those in concert together
typically what you saw in the Great
Depression is they're working against
each other where you leave some of those
tools on a dress or the hidden in the
closet it was a little late at the
beginning and it wasn't sustained as
long as we would like but we used that
full force of things very dramatically
that the fiscal stimulus for example was
larger than what Roosevelt did in the
Great Depression in relative terms even
though it was a little over too quickly
it wasn't as large as we needed so I was
the first thing we did which is use
those tools very aggressively but in
concert together and they were much more
powerful together being used in concert
than they would have been if they've
been used just individually again simple
reason if your banking system is broken
monetary policy doesn't really work
right you can't get the you can't get
the oxygen where it's needed second
thing we did was to do a very aggressive
restructuring recapitalization of the
financial system so that we cleaned out
the worst parts of it and we left the
core of the system with much more
capital against future losses and that
meant the financial ISM was able to give
more oxygen to the economy as it
recovered wasn't a huge drag in the
economy and the tools we use to do that
and backstop the commercial paper
markets the credit markets for the
average consumer they were very
innovative
and their skill remarkable we you know
we back stops indirectly directly about
thirty trillion dollars in financial
assets for very complicated mix of
programs that been never been attempted
or done and it was the scale of that
response that made it possible for us to
get the economy growing again within six
months really remarkably quickly and it
made it possible for us to return to the
taxpayer a positive return on the
financial programs remember people
thought in even early oh nine that we
would lose two trillion dollars if you
just look at the returns today expected
returns the taxpayer is going to earn we
didn't do it for this purpose they're
going to earn between one hundred two
hundred billion dollars in effect we
made the system the financial isn't pay
for the support we gave him you know and
we didn't do it for them we didn't do it
for the bank's we did it to protect the
Main Street from a failing economy like
financial system you talked about in the
book the paradox of financial crises and
it goes to this point exactly when
people I think look back on it and they
think about back stopping these thirty
trillion dollar markets when they think
about bailing out AIG there's a feeling
that one it was really bad even if it
could have been worse it was really bad
as terrible and a lot of these guys got
away and part of what you say in the
blog part of what we're saying here is
that restraining the impulse to go in
and punish was part of what permitted a
speed of recovery than what we've seen
in other countries and what we seen at
other times why would that be why
wouldn't disciplining the market in a
more aggressive way disciplining making
an example out of people marching them
out in cuffs help at least set a lesson
bring confidence back to folks it or
setting the rules down and this won't
happen again it's the core is the core
question and it's what I try to explain
and write about in the book and it's the
central paradox of panics in in most
crises most states of the world the
basic instinct you describe is the
necessary right instinct you want people
to fail if they took mistakes you want
them accountable for for doing dumb
things you want them to bear the
consequence of those choices that's the
natural response and it's the right
response in a panic though in the
classic financial panic
where the risk of complete collapse of
the financial system is present here at
the edge of the abyss then you have to
suspend an impulse not indefinitely but
just temporarily and make sure you're
focusing all your attention on this the
simple moral imperative and it's a moral
imperative of keeping the lights on the
financial system because if you let the
system collapse the damage to the
average person is catastrophic now it
doesn't mean you should suspend that
that that that sense of justice and the
sense of outrage it's just you have to
figure out you put out the fire first
and then you got to figure out how to
not just create a stronger set of rules
but hold people accountable for what
happened and in art so in our system
what we tried to do was put out the fire
so we protect the fuel for even more
damage and you're right there's still a
lot of damage but then try to move very
quickly to put in place a stronger
enforcement response and to put in place
a tougher set of rules over the system
going forward let me ask you a broad
question about that when you are going
through it even just looking back now
did you feel that there were people who
in a perfect world should be held
accountable or did you feel this was a
systemic sort of period of
overconfidence and it wasn't that
individuals were doing things that they
should be even in a perfect world
punished for it's just that everything
got a little bit out of hand
no there was like there was a appalling
amount of fraud and abuse and bad
behavior in the run-up to the crisis
that caused a lot of damage and I think
the American people deserved a more
forceful enforcement response more
forceful response to that and that was
very important in fact you could say
that period of optimism the mania the
period of exuberance it in some sense
provided the oxygen for a huge amount of
abuse and fraud mm-hmm so absolutely it
was there was a lot of it you know even
if it wasn't central to causing the
worst parts of the crisis it was very
damaging and it caused a huge loss of
confidence in the fairness of the system
mm-hmm but again in you you have to in
it in a panic because of the
consequences of panics you you have to
do a little bit of sequencing of your
actions and keep the make sure the
lights stay on first because if they
don't the damage
the innocent victim is much more
traumatic and why would that be just you
ultimately end up despite being I think
pretty frustrated with the American
political system with a fundamentally
optimistic cake on it that when the
chips are down the system responds
effectively not beautifully but
ultimately effectively and I was
thinking about that a little bit in
terms of which problems we are and are
not good at solving I think if you look
back at the financial crisis when firms
were at the risk of collapsing
ultimately the American political system
would respond I mean look is the letting
go now you know I recognize that but
nevertheless we then had a really
extended and continued have unemployment
crisis and at a certain point the
American political system stopped
responding I grew that we have decided
to live with that why do you think that
is why do you think that the sort of
urgent collapses on Wall Street did
ultimately force action where is it a
certain point we decided if these
millions of people just become long-term
unemployed that is a cost that will live
with I think in the midst of the the
darkest days of the fall of o8 there was
enough fear and panic about the cost of
the average American and the Congress
felt they had to respond didn't really
know what it was going to take but they
really had to there's no alternative at
that point and but that wasn't because
of the power of the institutions of Wall
Street is because of a widespread
recognition that the value of America's
savings had just fallen by a level five
times greater than what started a Great
Depression
and it was a it was a like overwhelming
existential imperative it at that time
you know people have written over the
time that our system is pretty good at
crises you're really pretty good over
time facing existential threat
marshaling the unique strengths of the
United States to deploy the type of
response you need then what happened
what happened is that the basic divisive
nosov the American political system the
loss of confidence in government the
scale of the political opposition the
government the scale of the skepticism
about deficits in that context took over
there was a bit of premature austerity
fever and that sapped the will and the
strength to do a bunch of things that
would help make the recovery
we were growing but growing at a pace it
was too slow to bring unemployment down
as fast as we could have in that context
so I guess you could say was it was like
like what history is showing about the
United States which is in in the acute
extremis when you're at the edge of the
abyss our system again it's not as
sometimes messy responded pretty well
and remember that was a very dangerous
moment because we were we were in the
midst of a political transition across
parties no strong governing majority in
Congress very dangerous moment and yet
at that moment you had Democrats and
Republicans come together and say we're
going to do what it takes in that
context that that's a good thing for the
country it's not enough though because a
lot of the challenges we still face as a
country they're going to require
compromise and accommodation and
legislation that's going to require
majorities that include Democrats and
Republicans unless we rebuild that
capacity it's going to be hard for us to
make her bet bigger dent on some of
these long-term challenges how different
was dealing with Republicans in the
House and the Senate behind closed doors
versus what it was like in public at a
hearing or even not in direct
negotiations but just the two parties
kind of coming to their positions and
articulating them to the public what is
it's very different worlds the world of
that most Americans see is a world of
extreme adolescent political theater
when you're in a room and you're trying
to solve a problem you're working
through something it's a more
encouraging it's a sort of more
encouraging thing about both those
individuals on the hill and their
willingness to try to think about
problems ultimately what happens though
is you leave the room and they go back
and try to figure out are they can they
get the votes for something in their
party and most of the things that you
need the country needs today they're
pretty divisive as a reporter one of the
things I've found over and again is that
all these processes begin in a room to
some degree and so when they begin
you'll call the people who are in the
room and these are the folks of the
information and they'll say god that was
really encouraging I really think we
might be able to get something done here
and with every step people take out of
the room and eventually you have to go
out of the room
it becomes more and more remote and
typically it ultimately completely falls
apart and it often felt to me that the
room doesn't mislead anyone in
Washington so much as it misleads the
people in it because the feeling of
working things out on an individual
level
it feels so normal and as you say it's
or adult and then when you leave that
room the basic dynamics of kind of
American politics at this moment in time
with the parties as polarized as era
takeover and all of a sudden how
good-hearted the individuals are doesn't
matter that much anew but remember the
people in those rooms are masters of the
craft they're realists no no naive
idealists in those rooms they're pretty
pragmatic people they understand the
constraints it's better to try mm-hmm
it's better to try a rather than just
sort of sitting back and saying you're
only in the play at the level of theater
and unless you get in a room with people
understand what their constraints are
what their incentives are what their
interests are what they need there's no
way you can govern compromise so you
have to do that and it's worth the
attempt there's a different spin on the
room that I think relates to the
question of whose problems we solve
effectively it is seem to be that one of
the inequities in the crisis response as
it has gone over time is that Congress
can do more directly from Main Street
than the Federal Reserve can or at least
in the Federal Reserve believes it can
and yet Congress is much more dumbed up
my political polarization and so the
federal serve has been able to continue
what it sees is a pretty aggressive
policy of helping the economy long after
Congress has had to stop and so you've
had it seems to me a longer period of
support it's not meant to just help the
financial system but does help a
financial system then we were able to
get for Main Street simply because the
actual processes by which we helped the
two groups are different and the feds is
more technocratic the only thing that I
want to change review in a little bit is
the way you describe the way those two
different policies work and who they
help that context you know monetary
policy doesn't exist to help the
financials
if you're going to just look at the
history of mistakes of central banks who
bears the burden of the mistakes both
ways the burden of if it's wetter too
much inflation or unemployment way
overshooting that's a that's a challenge
a burden that the average person bears
so the reason why people have invested
so much time and effort over time in
designing institutions around central
banks that have that level of
Independence and expertise is because
it's the only way to improve the odds of
the outcomes for the average prisoner
better than we've seen in countries
where central banks are not independent
or they're run by politicians so in fact
you could say the opposite in some sense
you could say that in those more
political sides politicized systems the
outcomes of central banks are much more
favorable to the financial interest than
is true in a system with this - we have
independence but your your central point
is is true that in our system of
government the fiscal powers that can
affect the economy help us grow faster
bring down unemployment faster equip
people to compete more effectively in
this tough world we live in those powers
overwhelmingly exists or Congress's
powers any action has to go through
Congress so if Congress is unable and
willing to act then you're left with
much worse economic outcomes that are
achievable and the Fed cannot compensate
that for that it just puts a greater
burden on the Fed instruments to do it
but it can't compensate for that failure
right I wouldn't argue that the Fed is
motivated other banks what I would say
is it the set of tools the Fed believes
it has right now and sitting not too far
from me as Matt Iglesias who thinks that
Ben Bernanke should be doing something a
whole lot closer or now Janet Yellen
rather she being something a whole lot
closer to just sending people checks but
in terms of powers of Fed feels it it
has you've got a lot of money and a lot
of easygoing the financial system and
the banks are not often taking the next
step of lending it out aggressively of
actually pumping that money through the
economy
Congress could do that Congress could
take those really low interest rates and
turn them into tax cuts but they're not
doing that or they could turn it into
infrastructure investment and so it
doesn't seem to me in any way to be a
issue of motivation
but is a structural issue in the way
economic policy is said and who has
control over what in the American
economy has seemed to me that there is a
greater capacity to respond at this
point to problems in the financial
system than there is to respond to say
the fact that the labor force
participation rate has fallen and is
staying a whole lot lower than anyone
thinks is a good thing because that
requires Republicans and Democrats in
Congress to come together and agree on
some kind of remedy yeah I don't I think
we're in violent agreement which would
be better for the CAF you just talked
about
yeah you get a more active fiscal powers
deployed to address these things like
high levels of long-term unemployment
and growth that's not as fast as it
should be I completely agree with you
that just one qualification since you
you raised it the the when the Fed
lowers interest rates or holds long-term
interest rates when that works it works
in part by raising the value people's
savings and lowering the price of their
mortgage how much they've to pay for
their mortgage in that context and when
that works it works because it changes
decisions people make about how much
they spend how much they borrow and
because it improves the rate of income
growth for the average person that
context it's just that so I say a little
differently it's just that the power of
that instrument is inherently limited
yeah and it can't compensate for the
failure to use those other things that
effectively and you're right in that
where is that moment of peril when we
use those two tools and the financial
programs in concert with pretty enormous
force but but maybe maybe in some sense
the cost of what happened in that
context was the constraints the
political surry asserted himself kind of
quickly you know and we lost the power
to do enough fiscal well one of the
weird dramas of most of last five years
on Capitol Hill seemed to me been to be
Ben Bernanke as Federal Reserve chair a
George W Bush appointee going up and
begging Congress to use the money he was
giving them mean you talked about
interest rates a second ago it always
come to you that Ben Bernanke had a
really big housing plan which was I'm
going to bring interest rates down to
almost nothing you guys need to help
everybody
the country refinance their mortgages
and there was a plan for that that came
out from the Obama administration and it
never went anywhere in Congress at all
so the Fed did take the hard part of
that tool and put it on the table but
the next step that had to be taken which
is it actually pushed the banks and make
it simpler through Fannie and Freddie
and other things for people to go and
use that a little bit a little bit on
what you said though something north of
20 million Americans refund yes in the
crisis and about a third of those I
think were directly things that were
supported through our programs or Fannie
and Freddie the rest of it was just the
natural fact that interest rates came
down and so was economic fuel refinance
now you we had a bunch of proposals we
gave Congress for expanding the reach of
those things and again it would have
been better Congress acted on those
things
and so I guess I'm agreeing with you
yeah let's talk let's talk about those
housing programs for a second when I
talk to folks both inside the
administration and out the part of the
crisis response there is the most other
ambivalence or anger over housing upside
absolutely and you kind of hear I mean
there a couple of dimensions of this but
two of the main ones are one that there
was money sitting in administration
program sitting in Treasury essentially
that was not used and that could have
been used theoretically with executive
action I just responded that piece yes
so we had we put aside fifty billion
dollars from the initial charp authority
to spend on housing programs and we
support over time a pretty broad mix of
programs and when the money wasn't
flowing as aggressive as we thought we
made we substantially increased the
incentives and then we did that over and
over again but we found over time that
we couldn't get enough take-up but we
try to do we try to be as aggressive as
we couldn't using it and we had the
right incentives I mean we had some of
the best minds and housing in the
country sitting there accountable for
this we had the president putting
enormous pressure on this on us we
looked at every idea and we tried a huge
number of things and we were as
frustrated as as everybody was with this
and certainly certainly the president
was frustrated but we had the right
incentives and we worked really hard at
it
we were very creative but we were unable
to figure out a way to get a reach
broader than what we had and together
have more aggressively but wasn't
because we were not focused on it or not
not not worried about it not trying and
what did a lot of experimentation what
is it that why did the program so on to
perform well when you guys dug into it
what did you find was actually the
opposite let me step back and try and do
what we try to do when we achieve in
this context we try to do three key
things one was to make sure housing
prices didn't fall out they fell 30%
least when the president came in the
futures market they were gonna fall
another 20 to 30 percent that would have
been devastating so we were very focused
on reducing that risk because this is
the most valuable piece of savings for
most Americans and would have been
devastating to the economy very
successful putting a floor under house
prices and ultimately helping them start
to get going again
we did that in part by what that what
the Fed did in part by trying to make
sure that people could borrow to finance
a mortgage again those markets didn't
shut down dramatically second thing we
try to do was to make sure people could
refinance on a broad scale that a big
tax cut like affects very substantial in
some sense for the average person who
refinanced those tax cuts were larger
than in the Recovery Act that context
and again somewhere north of 20 million
Americans were able that's a pretty
broad broad reach program in that
context and then we tried and this was
the hardest thing to help as many
Americans as he could who could afford
to stay in their home if you give him
some help stay in their home and
ultimately there was something like 5
million foreclosures avoided because of
the mortgage modifications that we
supported directly and put money behind
and because of those that the private
markets did on their own on the model of
our programs that 5 million it wasn't 10
million but it couldn't really have been
10 million it was probably going to be 5
million no matter what because there was
a whole range of people who had financed
a second home or financed a home that
was just just going to be unaffordable
for them in that context and so there
was a limited number of people people
could read we could reach so the basic
constraint on doing more quicker was in
part because we were working through a
pretty broken banking servicers industry
we had to go work through those pipes
can go around them
and they were terrible terribly staffed
terrible resources and way inadequate to
a you know calamity like this in that
context but again you know we did we did
as much as we could we Authority we had
we had all the right incentives we had
just demonstrated we could be enormous
ly creative and arrange a lot of things
were we taking a lot of risk we brought
that same mix of talent with a bunch of
better housing talent to it we looked at
every idea that was out there and again
we had a president putting enormous
pressure on us to try and do it and in
the end though the reach of our programs
just wasn't enough wasn't strong enough
wasn't large enough relative to the
force of the pressures within within
bath though one of the arguments people
make is it you guys actually relied too
much on the pipes on the existing
housing market that what you should have
done was pushed much harder for what
folks call crammed down and use legal
system good or news prints yet the
president supported what you call
crammed down was his bankruptcy reform
to give the borrower a little more
leverage in renegotiating their mortgage
good idea he supported when he was a
senator and a candidate and we tried
twice in Congress to get that through
and again we had a supportive president
pre talented legislative staff at that
moment and they run against they run
against a pretty a movable force in
terms of couldn't get enough Democrats
as hard did you guys try it was mana
when I spoke to people in Congress who
were behind crammed on they did not feel
though they felt that the White House
kind of pro forma supported it and did
not put their shoulder into it well my
view is you had the president the United
States who was for it he wanted it he
thought it was important he'd campaigned
on it in some Senate and you had a
pretty talented pretty creative staff at
that point with the right incentives so
my sense just watching from a distance
and I wasn't the main architect of this
was that they worked at it and they were
unsuccessful but you have to be a little
realistic about what the alternative
could have produced in that context it's
not clear that would have given such a
dramatic change in actual leverage you
still be so working through the same
pipes maybe worse pipes because you have
to go through the court system or aside
the court system so I don't think it
addresses the concern you raised about
whether we were we were mistaken to rely
on the existing plumbing the other thing
people suggest is why don't you just
create
I'm plumbing create a whole institution
separate going around all that broken
plumbing of servicers and try to provide
a direct response mechanism to
homeowners but our judgment was number a
competent this is that would that would
you know we Congress have to appropriate
money for that that's creating a whole
new government agency it would have
taken a really long time really complex
to do probably would have been slower
than working through those existing
pipes and doing we try to get them more
quickly anyway the most frustrating
thing for all of us the most
disappointing and outcome but the
outcomes were more a function of the
basic constraints we were facing than
they were a function of either you know
lack of incentive lack of effort let it
creates lack of creativity to actually
look forward for a second the other big
thing that you guys did around the
crisis was attempt to keep another one
from happening and those rules
dodd-frank are some of them are now in
place some of them are still working
away from regulatory process and when I
look at them when I try to sort of
figure out how to tell myself the story
that I don't need to keep my money in
the mattress the thing that worries me
about them is that they seem to me to
give regulators they put a lot of faith
in the regulatory system and yet the
periods of time in which crises happen
are the periods in which regulators are
the least likely to use that authority I
mean I think there's a very good case to
be made that Alan Greenspan could have
stopped this crisis from happening in
their early two-thousands that there
were things that regulators could have
done in terms of forcing more capital on
banks in terms of being much more
aggressive in terms of regulating how
the house market was moving at that
point there really could have mattered
but people psychologically a lot of the
folks in power didn't think they needed
to and that is endemic to the periods to
create financial crises if people were
looking for the crisis they would stop
it so why are you confident that the
dodd-frank has created a situation which
the next time we're in this kind of a
buildup people regulators will want to
use the tools and the authority they had
because the other option is doing much
blunter rules like you know people talk
about breaking up big banks but even
more to the point having very raw crude
leverage ratios that you can't
you know you just had to keep a lot more
capital on Google time let's do the
causes then I'll explain the theory
behind our basic response reforms this
crisis was so damaging because of the
panic and the panic was the result of
the fact that over time our financial
system outgrew all the protections we
put in place after the Great Depression
so we had a set of constraints and
risk-taking in banks around banks that
we think in retrospect weren't
conservative enough but they were
conservative enough so that there was a
huge buildup and risk outside the banks
where's unconstrained so risk was just
able to migrate around that and go into
a set of institutions very large ones
investment banks like Lehman or Bear
Stearns or the rest of them AIG GE
Capital Fannie and Freddie that existed
outside those protections and we're
terribly vulnerable to panic and runs
that's what caused the crisis so when
you think about how what the best
defense about that is what you need to
do is to make sure not just you have
thicker shock absorbers around banks
better constraints simple constraints on
risk-taking but they're extended broad
enough so you don't recreate again a
situation where banks are a small
fraction of credit and all the risk and
the panic vulnerabilities out there
that's where a crisis was so damaging
that's why it's so hard to arrest now on
your basic theory though I very much
agree with you which is you don't want
to design a system that depends on agile
precent regulars with perfect so
foresight no political constraints
tightening up these rules just in a
discretionary basis as things feel kind
of frothy because there's just a risk
that they'll be late or I don't know
indifferent or sort of think it's a it's
a new normal kind of thing Great
Moderation kind of thing so you don't
want to do that and we try not to do
that we had a more simple imperative
which is very similar to what you said
which is we said most important thing
you can do is to make sure you have much
tougher constraints and risk-taking
applied more broadly across the system
so that you can be closer to be able to
be indifferent to the fate of individual
institutions you want a system as Larry
used to say safe for failure and the
theory behind our reform is very much
like that it's saying you get these
things thicker
and you keep them thicker and you apply
them more broadly and it's the best
defense against panics you have and this
then the most important thing down in
those reforms was those set of changes
to the regime of capital and they're
dramatically more conservatives they and
they're applied more broadly now you
know over time like water flows around
stones in a river they're going to risk
will migrate around that it's the
forever war you got to keep at it keep
looking at ways to make sure you can
protect against that risk but it's much
better against yours is the right
standard because again you don't you
don't want a system that's vulnerable to
the wisdom and courage of regulators
that depends on foresight and preemption
because financial crises really aren't
amenable to that so a couple very
specific questions about your book um I
would like to hear more about the time
you call dinesh d'souza dick I don't
know if I could say more about that well
I tell it I tell a story I went to
Dartmouth College and then my wife there
and I don't know if you remember at that
time there was a time when I don't it
was the early I do not remember the time
when you were born early we're live
we're live it was a time when there was
the early stage of the conservative
movement among college campuses and
Dartmouth was one of the epicenters of
that movement we see the echoes of that
today across the political system and
there was a group of conservative
students at that point that started a
newspaper called the Dartmouth review
and they published on their new
newspaper a confidential list of members
of the the lesbian gay student alliance
and including on the little bunch people
who hadn't come out to their friends or
their other parents and it was
devastating to them did it without their
consent and so I ran into him in a in a
line at the dining hall or one of the
cafes and said said what you quoted What
did he say in response I don't remember
him saying anything in response you're a
Republican college he's saying that I
was well that wasn't really a political
I never really been a political person
and you're filming I was one of the
things that actually surprised me the
book was that your father voted for Mitt
Romney in 2012 did you have a surprised
by that too actually I wasn't that
surprised by that but
uh he's a he's a he's a sort of classic
moderate Republican that think of it
that way he voted for Obama in oh eight
but you know he's a more conservative
person by instinct so it wasn't that
surprising to me in 12 was that you
weren't able to win that argument I
didn't really try to talk about it but I
mean first of all you know he has his
convictions I was doing my thing I
didn't really think it was my job to try
to change his mind one of the things
that comes up a lot in the book and I
was surprised because the book is in a
lot of ways actually more personal than
I would have thought and primarily in
this way there's a lot of guilt in the
book
about how you were as a husband and as a
father
during the years you in Treasury this is
not something I'd ever heard you
expressed before publicly but it recurs
sort of throughout the throughout the
length of the book I'd be curious to
just hear you say a little bit more
about that about the interplay between
on the one hand trying to be in a
position where it's public and it's
incredibly important what you do to
hundreds of millions and arguably if you
take the global view even more than that
people um and then also trying to be a
human being on the other side of it well
it's it's a kind of a terrible tension
irreconcilable tension you know my work
was hugely compelling to me and at times
it felt very consequential and I had no
control over its claim on my time not
American control at all and if you're if
you're raising a family it means that
you're going to miss huge parts of their
lives
and you're going to put an overwhelming
burden for being a parent on your on
your spouse pretty unfair burden and
then and then you inflict in them again
the additional burden of having a father
or mother in public life it's a huge
loss of privacy to them and you don't
you don't want your kids to be defined
by the by that profile their parents not
a very healthy thing for them this is a
very hard thing to do I mean I love my
work I felt really lucky to do it and I
had an amazing marriage amazing life
amazing the support of kids throughout
that period of time and I I think it I
think
because of them because I was supported
they where I was a better decision maker
than I would have been I was a more
careful decision maker more thoughtful
than I would have been so it was a great
benefit to me but hugely costly to them
I was thinking when I read it about I
mean you're you were an unusually young
Treasury secretary least in the modern
era and um we're at a point right now we
just saw the inauguration of the first
female photos her chair we've never had
a female Treasury secretary and one of
things I was thinking about reading some
of that was that it seemed that it was
possible for you to do because you did
have kind of an amazing wife who's
willing and capable of taking on more of
that burden and in a gendered way in
this society that would be a lot rarer
for sort of a young female civil servant
who kind of risen to your level I'm
curious what you think about the
tensions that this sort of the pressures
on the family play in terms of who
actually can sort of rise up or how many
women can rise up women of who her
family can rise up to the very top
levels of positions of power involved in
I mean my wife had a profession yes I
don't mean terrorists and she and she
had a private practice and and then she
became a writer and that profession gave
her some ways more flexibility that I
would have and that was sort of a
necessary part of making this work
because we wanted to be really engaged
in raising or raising our kids but I
think you're completely right now I
would say though that a Treasury during
that that period of time I was there
those four years there was a huge number
of senior women in those jobs many of
them with kids and so it's not it's not
it's not like it's not possible right to
do it's possible but it's a it puts a
really difficult set of choices on them
and a much harder thing to balance do
you think it's in general harder on
women that balance yeah I think it's
harder on many women I do think it is I
do think it is you know of course lots
of people find their way through this it
depends a little bit on the choices
their spouse makes in their and their
work um when you left Treasury which
wasn't that long ago now how long have
you been out about a year and three
months are you happy to be
well I I love my work and the people I
work with but you know is sort of time
yeah it was time you there was a big
guessing game in Washington about where
you'd go and one of the things that
there was a lot of fury about during the
period of the financial crisis was this
feeling of a revolving door between
Washington and Wall Street and you had I
mean in the sort of highest profile post
crisis I think example you had Peter or
as I go to Citigroup which is one of the
institutions that ended up getting a lot
of bailout money but prior to that you'd
have you know a lot of folks from
Goldman Sachs become Treasury
secretaries I mean there really felt
that people liked and made people
thought I came from cool massage yes
many people thought you came from
goldman sachs and you didn't go to
investment bank but you went to private
equity and i'm curious sort of about
that decision both for you personally
but also why does it see or why is it
the case in fact that so many economic
policymakers end up in some dimension of
the investment world as opposed to at
sort of name-brand companies are
producing that people here up i mean you
hear about a lot you know larry summers
for instance consults for d shah well
you don't hear a lot of is oh well this
policy maker went to General Mills and
is now involved in managing their
production process it's a good question
I'm not sure I can speak to the other
piece of it can I explain my piece of it
I can maybe talk about that you know I I
had this great privilege you know I
spent all my life doing this this one
thing but I couldn't do it forever and I
needed to do something new and I wanted
a different kind of challenge and I was
very worried about this perception and I
thought about it quite a bit and I did
not want to go work for a firm that we
had regulated or that we had rescued so
I tried to be as remote from that as I
could and I was very careful in trying
to make sure I was working with a group
of people that I thought were very
ethical they were doing something I
thought was valuable and I feel very
lucky in that basic choice now on your
broader question and I grew you about
the perception I think it's a very
damaging percent you know the typical
thing is people who go run Treasury will
go run senior parts of Treasury
understandably people look for people
with financial expiry
and that's a good thing it's not a bad
thing because you want people who are
working on the side of the American
people who have the knowledge to be like
good decisions about how to protect
their interest in that conduct and that
does require experience now a lot of
people think that experience is tainted
and it's it's complicating that sense
but I think you're probably better with
it and then without it and it's that
reality that creates most of this
impression of people when they leave
going back into finance now it's true
you cited some examples of people who
didn't come from that in that context
but I think even the two you cited had
worked in that area before but that's
the typical thing and there's not it's
nothing it's nothing wrong with that you
just want to make sure you run a set of
protections so that you eliminate
completely the risk or the perception of
risk that that experience affects
people's judgments when they're in
office and our system has very good
protections against that what are the
protections there that should make
people confident it is I think a
difficult thing to believe that folks
who have come from the world of finance
will not in a very natural very human
very sort of deep way have a particular
affinity towards the arguments being
made by the people they liked and knew I
mean humans have a tendency to trust
more things that come from trusted
sources than from outside if people take
the point about the expertise but what
are the protections that make you
confident that that isn't a problem
well well the choices you make in those
jobs are subject to enormous checks and
balances first of all as you pointed out
earlier most of the authority that
matters that affects the incentives in
finance affects what you do with the
taxpayers resources or decisions that
Congress owns where they delegate them
they're highly qualified and there's a
set of protections around when rules are
written and how they're disclosed and
put out for public comment so people can
see them and we you know we try to go
away beyond that to and to make sure
that when we did we know we put to get a
router elaborate complicated mix of
financial programs and that's the panic
and we made the terms those completely
transparent to people's people could see
them so you know you have to be very
careful that the decisions you make are
subject to you know very very tough set
of checks and balances
so that you're never in the position
where the private interest and in this
is in the executive branch can get in
the way of the public interest when you
look forward now I think we just got
word the other day that we're now in a
expansion as an economy it is unusually
long it we've gone now in usually long
time for the American economy without a
recession and there doesn't look to be a
recession right around the corner at
least and yet I think that the recovery
simultaneously hasn't been as deep as
people expected and in particular I
think the main manifestation of that is
you've got a lot of folks who've dropped
out of the labor force so well the
unemployment rate is coming down quite a
bit
it to some degree under states the
progress we are over states a
partnership actually do you think that
we've kind of entered a new normal
somewhat slow growth and somewhat less
employment or do you think that the
recovery is proceeding and what
ultimately gets back to the kind of
normal that we believed in in 1999 and
2004 and five I have the latter view but
it depends a bit on the choices the
political system makes in the next few
years or so well let's just go back to
the basic thing about why this recovery
has been you know only like a 2 percent
recovery a year rather than a three and
a half percent recovery and of course
you know about this written eloquently
about it a bunch of is just because you
know we had a terrible financial crisis
that followed a wave of too much lending
too much borrowing too much leverage and
as we work through all those problems
it's slowed growth and so as Rogovin
renner written recoveries following
financial crisis they're much slower
they're much more fragile they take a
much longer period of time because the
things you're doing to repair the damage
and heal and create a better foundation
for growth they slow growth in the short
term and then we had two other things
that happened one is we had fiscal
policy in a little bit of premature
austerity fever turned to too austere
too quickly deficit came down too fast
and that sucked about a percentage point
at a growth for most of the last on
average most last three years three half
years and we had some little bad luck in
terms of size
shox from Europe Japan some other things
like that and those were material and
aggregate reason I begin with that
because if you if you look at the causes
for why people have been disappointed by
the performance of the economy you can
attribute more than all that
disappointment to those identifiable
factors so you don't have to look for
some new dark some new dark theory of
our loss of the secular stagnation I
think to explain the performance of the
last five years it's explainable in a
more simple and somewhat more reassuring
things because of those are transitory
things so my own view is that most of
what you're seeing today in the economy
is just the echoes the aftershocks the
tragic aftershocks of the devastation of
the crisis and most of us a function of
the fact that we have been growing as
fast as we could grow and those
headwinds are receding now and we have a
chance now we can grow a little faster
for a while and that should help bring
more people back into the labor force
more quickly ultimately we won't know
the answers your question to again we
get sort of through that and see where
we are at that point and and you know I
think it's its right to worry about the
the risk that you know you've left
people very underemployed a long time
out of labor force and you have an
education system that is not be not good
or not really equipping people to
compete in this world and those are
things you want to work at you want to
need to work at relentlessly over time
so I don't think it's quite as dark as
that perspective implies but it's not a
good reason not to were worried about
doing things like how could you get more
infrastructure help more create more
demand more jobs now and how do you
create better outcomes out of the
education system so that we're improving
the odds that people come into this
pretty challenging world with a better
set of skills committee your old
colleague Larry Summers has begun
considering the stark Oh theory called
the occult secular stagnation and when I
spoke to about it one of things he said
was important was coming up with a test
for how he'd be wrong
at what point at what point what is he
information that would come in that
would begin to make you think that we
weren't just kind of in an extended
period of bad luck or aftershock but
that something was deficient within the
economies either growth engine or it's
sort of distribution of jobs engine
well you know you you want to you want
to look at you know short-run
employments back down to normal levels
now but long term applies very highs you
want to look at what happens how quickly
that starts to come down again how
quickly people start coming back in the
labor force and what do you start to see
the conditions that suggest
broader-based income growth over time
and there's reasonable basis for
thinking that's going to happen as long
as we're you know creating the
conditions that produce stronger growth
so if we have a period of stronger a
relatively strong you know a little
stronger growth through better policies
and you're still left with this mix of
bad outcomes for for the average for the
median income and for for people
long-term unemployed and you'd worry
again and I don't think my view this is
you don't to debate the thing we don't
know what perfect answer to it and don't
let the debate get in the way of doing a
range of powerful things we could do now
it would be good independent of
independent of the outcome of that
debate it's not a good argument to
change the obvious prescriptions for
policy for the country now
you
