you know you wrote a sentence that is
really foundational tell I think about
politics but I also think of as an
incredibly scary sentence basically that
every time president succeeds it hurts
the minority party and every time the
president fails and helps the minority
party incentives definitely are against
cooperation if you are support
initiatives that the president proposes
or cut a deal with the president such
that both parties vote in favor of the
of that proposal it becomes hard to say
why we should have a change in power
layered on top of this intense two-party
competitiveness has been a sorting out
of constituencies so that very few
Republicans represent districts that
went for President Obama there's much
less reason for politicians to look for
ways to distance themselves from their
parties by striking cross party
alliances if you are coming to agreement
if you're cooperating then it suggests
to the public that things are working
just fine and it undercuts the whole
logic of your campaign against the
president or the the president's party's
continuation in office so it's it
confers legitimacy on the opposition
party and on the power structure as it
currently stands there was a political
scientist named Charles Oh Jones who
wrote about the Republican Party back in
the 1970s and he criticized the party
for suffering from what he called a
minority party mentality meaning that
they've who were reconciled to and you
expected to continue on in the Minari
and he said this they were too willing
to cut deals for little crumbs that they
might get from the other party because
that that was all they could really
expect to do that minority party
mentality seems to be something that the
Republican Party has solved it's lost
and Democrats after Democrats lost their
majorities you know first 1980 in the
Senate in the 1994 in the house they'd
never saw themselves as a permanent
minority that they always saw themselves
as in striking distance of a return to
power and there was good reason for them
to think that the
the margin of control was an arrow by
historical standards and and so we've
had two parties since since 1980 and
especially since 1994 that see
themselves as potential majority parties
so we inhabit a remarkably two-party
competitive period in American history
that every election holds out the
possibility of a change in party control
of one institution or another this makes
American politics more zero-sum than
usual this is not a normal set of
circumstances in American politics that
it has been normal for us basically
since 1980 but if you look at the broad
sweep of US history say you know before
the New Deal after the Civil War
Republicans were the dominant party in
American politics after the New Deal and
up through 1980 the Democrats were the
dominant party and so elections were a
lot less interesting you know
politicians were much less focused on
elections during a time when there was
less prospect for real change all right
if Mitch McConnell went to voters this
year and he said you know what President
Obama's done a pretty good job he had a
very reasonable stimulus include a lot
of tax cuts we thought that was really
terrific we appreciated him reaching out
like that Obamacare he really brought in
a lot of our ideas into that law the
individual mandate you know the the use
of private insurance there's no public
option he's really done a good job
reaching out we've been proud to partner
with them on these legislative
initiatives vote for Republicans that is
not a pitch it would work it's all it's
almost laughable if the minority party
consistently bargains with the
administration to come up with proposals
that the both parties can support then
what's their case for a change of power
how do they make their case there's an
interesting tension I think in
Washington where we treat politics as a
kind of an epic drama in which the
president is the lead actor and people
want to see things happening from the
president if people care about
immigration that perform they want the
president to lead on immigration reform
if they care about the budget deficit
they want the President to lead on the
budget deficit and an implication of
your research something you actually say
directly is it for the president doing
what people think of as leading going
public making big speeches getting
people excited that can actually be
armful to passing his agenda because the
more the president associates himself
with an idea the more important it is
for the minority party to make sure that
idea doesn't pass because if it does
pass and part today if it passes with
their help then it will be popular the
president be seen as successful and the
majority party will be likely to make
gains in the next election the president
is the single most understandable symbol
of national government for the broad
public and so that's to a great extent
how the public interprets Washington
politics you know is the president doing
well or not doing well so that if the
reason why the news media embraced that
particular approach to covering
Washington politics is because it fits
very well with how Americans think about
it make sense of what's happening in
Washington what do you think then that
we are so bad at picking up on this
pattern it is completely predictable the
way this goes you begin with an issue
there's a lot of talk of maybe something
getting done and then eventually the
issue polarizes as the two parties kind
of figure out their positions on it and
yet in in Washington among people who
watch politics every single day there is
an utterly omnipresent belief that if
only the president or the majority
leader or somebody acted correctly then
cooperation be possible cooperation is
always just out of our grasp we don't
think of it as something that the system
really doesn't allow think of it as
something that individual actors fail to
achieve you know many of the leading
lights you know Kenyan leaders of
Washington grew up in a time where the
parties were less competitive and less
sorted out there were more incentives
for politicians to engage in some
cross-party negotiate so that they look
back with nostalgia to that time and
they assume that we can get back there
that the idea that there's something in
the system that gets in the way of that
is not an attractive thing to think
about that you know it suggests that the
system itself may not be self-correcting
this is I think a really important point
in your research in American politics
has in fundamental ways ways that really
matter
changed over the last 40 or 50
years the American political system of
1960 of 1970 maybe even in the early 80s
were famously Tip O'Neill and Ronald
Reagan were having drinks that is not
the system we have today it's easy to
see from a variety of indicators you
know one way is you know every time we
hold a presidential election we see this
red blue map you know that is not
historically how presidential elections
used to look it used to be far more
common for a single presidential
candidate to win all across the country
then that would make it much easier for
him to then seek out and get cross-party
support because many of the members of
the opposing party represented states
and districts that went the other way
and voted for the president as we've
become more geographically polarized we
don't have politicians who have reasons
to look for ways to you know blur the
party lines instead you know they they
have more reason to dig in and
differentiate themselves when Obama is
contrasted with LBJ for example people
often forget that Democrats had roughly
two-to-one margins over Republicans
during that period as near the highly
productive Great Society Congress and
even though many of those Democrats were
conservative Democrats they had an a
political interest that they shared in
not humiliating a president of the
Democratic Party so we've talked so far
here about the theory and one of the
interesting things about your work is I
think you've proved this theory in a
really clever way you looked at
non-controversial issues you looked at
things like whether we should send a man
to Mars could you sort of outline some
of that research how it worked and what
you found when the president takes the
stand on an issue that the some extent
makes it a partisan issue
you know when when presidents give a
State of the Union address the opposing
party in Congress goes line by line
looking for opportunities to rebut it
the parties will come together in
opposition to to the President on issues
where there had not previously been
clearly defined party lines or you can
even see situations where the parties
completely reverse positions based on
who controls the presidency you know
over the
period that I was looking at this very
closely in the 1990s and early years of
the George W Bush administration the
contrasts in the way in which the
parties behaved on issues of testing in
schools it was quite remarkable you
might recall that Democrats were very
strongly against No Child Left Behind
and they ran against that more or less
the whole time that George W Bush was in
office well if you go back to when
President Clinton was in office Clinton
proposed a less ambitious version of No
Child Left Behind and it was Republicans
who opposed a testing local control of
local schools was the watchword and
Democrats supported the President on
those on those issues so it's very easy
to take positions as as inevitable that
opposing No Child Left Behind well
that's just the liberal position as if
it was set in stone because Democrats
were largely doing that through the
george w bush's notice we've heard very
little about No Child Left Behind
since the George W Bush years much less
focus on that among Democrats and as if
it became less useful as a cudgel
against in administration well this is
actually one reason that I sometimes get
frustrated by the labels conservative
and liberal right now if I say
somebody's a liberal you know what I
mean but over any even reasonably short
period of time it becomes much more
complicated that today a liberal is
somebody who thinks the individual
mandate is a constitutional idea
probably a good idea and a conservative
is someone who thinks the individual
mandate is an absolutely abhorrent
affront to the Constitution
whereas in 1994 a conservative was
someone in many cases who supported the
Senate Republican plan it was the
alternative to Bill Clinton's health
care plan that had an individual mandate
in it and a liberal thought that was a
pretty ridiculous way to do health care
demanding that people buy private
insurance and you see it on the NSA that
in the Bush years the idea of
broad-based surveillance was something
liberals and Democrats knew were
appalled by and if you actually look at
polls around sort of surveillance
currently folks who are self-identified
liberal are more comfortable with it
than folks who self-identifies concern
and so liberal-conservative end up
shifting around and what a liberal
believes now is maybe not what they
believe ten years ago or conservative
now it's not what it was ten years ago
and I find it genuinely frustrating yes
yes I do too this is just the natural
way party politics plays out and this is
where I think where political science
begins to move into political psychology
of every explanation for human behavior
in Washington the most overused in my
view of cynicism almost nobody ever no
politician no staffer and I don't say
never literally never but almost never
walks out and takes a position they
believe is wrong because it feels bad to
do that and people don't like to feel
like scummy used-car salesmen
politicians they come up with it highly
complex reasoning and rationalizations
for why it's right but nobody ever says
I am for this because in the next
election I would like my party to win
people are only four things because
having done a thorough and honest look
at the true evidence on this issue any
reasonable person would come to the
conclusion that whatever I need to
believe is the thing that is the correct
thing to believe well governing is
difficult and it involves trade-offs and
so any proposal that a president of you
know puts forward seriously is it was
staffed out you know you know a serious
policy proposal it's going to involve
trade-offs in one way or another so as
you look at it closely and you know
especially as you look at it with a
skeptical eye they're all there will
always be reasons to to question
political interests may prompt you to do
this but it doesn't take very long
before you see the flaws in the
president's proposal and you can come to
a considered judgment that those
problems outweigh the benefits and that
we need to get a president of our party
backing off
