how a more diverse America makes you
feel is is the core division in our
political and cultural frights right now
but but to see why you need to know how
we're changing and how a changing
country changes us
here's a big picture the US has added
demographic tipping point a genuinely
historic moment 2013 it was the first
year that a majority of US infants under
the age of 1 were non-white by 2016
white death's-head outnumbered white
births but America's overall population
it's not expected to decrease and that's
because the black Asian and especially
Latino and mixed-race populations
they're also growing they're growing
fast by 2045 the Census Bureau projects
that non-hispanic whites would no longer
be a majority and also that foreign-born
residents are gonna make up a record
share of the population so when you show
people these numbers about how America
is changing what goes through their
heads what is their response I think
people are hearing these changes as
somehow a fundamental remaking of what
America is at least a lot of people are
hearing it and some of them are excited
about it and some of they're not so
excited we see on average white
Americans when they read about this
majority minority shift becoming more
politically conservative Jennifer
Richardson is a psychologist who studies
how people react to demographic change
you want a MacArthur Genius grant for
this work and what she's found helps
explain a lot of what we're seeing
for instance when white political
independence who live in the West were
told that whites were no longer majority
in California they became 11 percentage
points more likely to support the
Republican Party that is a huge change
and it's important to say this is a
human reaction to demographic change not
not just a white one when presented with
similar data on the growing numbers of
Hispanics asian-americans shifted
towards more conservative views black
Americans shifted towards more
conservative views being told your group
is shrinking or that it's losing power
it's scary for anyone losing numbers are
losing status losing power losing
currency in the culture there are a lot
of studies like these but but the one I
find myself thinking about the most was
done by Harvard's Ryan eNOS what we did
is we sent these two Spanish speakers
out to catch a train at a certain time
every day over a period of days we've
sent out research assistants and they
surveyed these people waiting on the
train and that little exposure was
enough to move these attitudes in the
survey there
more likely to say we should send those
children of immigrants back in Mexico
they're more likely to say we should
decrease immigration from Mexico and are
even more likely to endorse that English
should be the official language of the
United States we saw this version of
this in the election then too right
so in states and even in small areas and
states in these counties where the
Spanish population changed very rapidly
we saw that these voters had moved
towards supporting Donald Trump and a
lot of them actually looked like they're
these people that previously had been
Democrats so here then is what we know
even gentle unconscious exposure to
reminders in America is diversifying and
particularly to the idea that America's
becoming a majority-minority nation it
pushes folks towards more conservative
policy opinions towards more support of
the Republican Party so what happens
when those reminders aren't gentle
massive demographic changes have been
foisted upon the American people and
they're changes that none of us have
were voted for and most of us don't like
our Christian heritage will be cherished
protected defended like you've never
seen before when Obama was elected in
2008 there's all this talk of America
moving into a post-racial moment but the
mere existence of Obama's presidency
made a lot more of politics about how
you felt about race it had this effect
on health care the stimulus package
Hillary Clinton the Democratic Party
hell it even had this effect on how
people felt about Obama's dog serious
well known Liberal Democrat and Barack
Obama at the same dog their two dogs are
actually related or gee-gees water dogs
so let's see how people respond to these
dogs when you tell one that is Ted
Kennedy and one that it is Barack
Obama's what happens is then we tell
people it's Barack Obama's racial
liberals like the dog more racial
conservatives like the dog West Obama
polarizes more because of who he is
rather than what he says and does and so
Obama goes through great lengths in both
campaigns to try to tamp down racial
division
to not talk about race when he does talk
about race he does so in a message of
personal responsibility and there was
something real here a few decades ago a
multiracial voter base it couldn't drive
American politics like a can now Obama
won in 2012 with only 39% of the white
vote previous Democratic candidates they
lost elections in big ways with a lot
more support by whites but by 2016 Trump
also proved that a candidate who is
explicitly talking to white fears about
race could whip Republicans now have a
temptation to explicitly appeal to race
and you're seeing this throughout
Republican primaries in the 2018 cycle
and you're seeing it to reverse on the
Democratic side abolish ice is a good
example that is a policy that Democrats
would not have been on board with in the
1990s but their bases have moved and so
the incentives that moved as well now
the same American politics isn't for
turbulence is not to say we're in for
dissolution or civil war California went
through these changes it experiences
demographic shift and it didn't fall to
pieces but but leading up to that there
was a lot of friction voters passed
racially charged propositions targeting
undocumented immigrants they banned
affirmative action they restricted
bilingual education states that have
large populations of Richmond areas
largely black Americans but they're
growing in Latinos that are incredibly
unequal in every way right so the
question is you know we want to think
it'll work out look at California but
it's also work out at the Mississippi as
a Browning of America continues the
cycle of hope about the future
activating fears about the present it's
just gonna keep going in that
politicians who can articulate a vision
of this future that is inclusive and
inspiring and non-threatening that that
very mixture Obama sought no.8 they
could reap massive rewards but as long
as much of the country feels threatened
by the changes they see there's also
going to be a continuing and maybe even
a growing market for politicians like
Donald Trump
