what you're listening to are the sounds
that have been missing from the policy
debate around immigration from the ones
with the most at stake children who've
been forcibly separated from their
parents it's a recording that was made
from inside of a Border Patrol facility
of children who have been separated
recently from their parents after having
crossed the border without documents
into the United States that's ginger
Thompson the ProPublica reporter who
obtained this secretly recorded clip
from a Texas civil rights attorney
they were between the ages of four and
ten all of the children on this
recording are from Central American
countries
Oh your audience there's a six-year-old
Salvadoran girl on the clip her name is
Alison Heymann Valencia mother deeds she
was just finishing kindergarten back in
El Salvador her mother decided to flee
gang violence she has family in the
United States in this tape she is
distraught and asks authorities to let
her make a phone call and she wants to
call her aunt
there are around 2,300 kids who have
been separated from their parents
since what's known as the zero tolerance
policy was started by the administration
in April this is the zero tolerance
policy calls for all people who
illegally cross the border even if
they're crossing for the first time to
be criminally prosecuted and that their
children or any children that they
brought with them will be separated
during that time they're being held
initially in these Border Patrol
facilities but then they move into
facilities that are controlled by Health
and Human Services the United States
will not be a migrant camp we do not
have the luxury of pretending that all
individuals coming to this country as a
family unit are in fact a family this
administration has a simple message if
you cross the border illegally we will
prosecute you the backlash to this
policy has been swift and sharp people
with very diverse political views on
every other thing seem to have come
together
condemn this policy I don't think we
should obey a law that goes against what
God intends that you would take a baby a
child it's terrible to see families
ripped apart and I don't support that
one bit we do have to find the middle
ground of yeah of somehow you know
honoring the law of the land but showing
mercy to the immigrants the
administration has sort of been
struggling to to respond I would cite
you to the Apostle Paul and his clear
and wise command in Romans 13 - oh babe
I love the government it is very
biblical to enforce the law that is
actually repeated a number of times
throughout the Bible I have I have not
seen as something that came out today
but I have been to detention centers and
again I would reference you to our
standards the image that I wanted this
country is an immigration system that
secures our borders and upholds our
humanitarian ideals Congress needs to
fix it we're not the ones responsible
for creating this problem we've
inherited it but we're actually the
first administration stepping up and
trying to fix it the Trump
administration blames the previous
administration for this policy but the
Obama administration did conduct a
record number of deportations but that
administration did not prosecute people
criminally for crossing the border for
the first time nor did it separate
children from their parents at the time
of the crossing facing the backlash the
administration opened up
tightly-controlled tours of the
facilities
this is handout footage from the
government cameras are tightly
restricted for journalists and the
children being detained are not allowed
to speak to
they can be sort of sanitized very
sterile experiences that show you what
the shelter looks like but when it comes
to children gives you very little sense
of what impact being there has on them
for now this clip is the closest we've
gotten to hearing from the children the
Salvadoran girl who asked for the phone
call with her aunt actually got that
phone call I dialed that number as well
and was able to speak to the aunt you
know the aunt was was devastated by this
phone call and said to me you know can
you imagine getting a phone call from
your six-year-old niece who is screaming
into the phone and saying you know
please auntie please I'll behave myself
just come get me out of here because I'm
alone
thanks for watching we want to keep
reporting this story and talking to
families who have been affected so has
your family been separated at the
us-mexico border or do you work in a
border detention facility or aid
families who have been affected by this
policy if so contact us at the link in
the description below
