in 1965 Singapore gained its
independence from Malaysia since then
the tiny city-state island has been
industrializing and growing at an
unprecedented rate this year they were
voted the most expensive city in the
world for the second year running so we
wanted to know how powerful is Singapore
well for starters Singapore is a tiny
island in Southeast Asia with a
population of a little over 5 million
packed into 277 square miles that's
roughly if everyone in Minnesota
squeezed into an area the size of San
Francisco along with South Korea Taiwan
and Hong Kong Singapore is one of the
Four Asian Tigers nations that have
experienced significant growth since the
1960s and have high-income economies
their GDP is nearly 300 billion dollars
and they are ninth in the world in terms
of per capita GDP although overall they
ranked 37th in the global economy one of
the primary reasons for Singapore's
wealth is that they operate the largest
and busiest transshipment port in the
world
in short Singapore's rich so what are
they spending their money on
well mostly defense and guns according
to the Stockholm International Peace
Research Institute Singapore is the
fifth largest arms importer in the world
after India China Pakistan and South
Korea Singapore has a formidable
military force in particular the
Singaporean air force is the largest
best trained and most equipped flying
force in Southeast Asia Singapore also
has mandatory two-year conscription of
all 18 year old males meaning that
Singapore sits on more than a million
reserve troops should they ever need
them as a result of this military
stockpiling Singapore has a very close
relationship with the United States in
fact the u.s. is the primary buyer of
Singaporean military equipment making up
43 percent of their total sales
Singapore also enjoys friendly
diplomatic relations with most of the
developed Western world with the
exception of their neighbor Malaysia
this primarily stems from having been
expelled from Malaysian rule in 1965
over policy disputes and later
disagreements over land ownership in the
South China Sea however the two
countries rely on each other heavily for
trade and in recent years have largely
resolved their issues through new
leadership
with a huge cash surplus tremendous
military and close relations with the
United States Singapore might not be a
traditional international behemoth and
in regards to land size but it certainly
stands on its own is one of the best
equipped and most powerful countries in
Southeast Asia to find out just what
makes Singapore so expensive check out
our video here
Singapore issues a limited number of car
buying certificates in order to restrict
the total number of vehicles those
certificates have ballooned the average
price of a luxury car to roughly
$260,000 compared to about $50,000 in
Europe if you're on your phone there is
a link to that video right at the top of
the description as well so check it out
thank you for watching test-tube please
subscribe for all of our videos every
day
