2014 was a catastrophic year for human
rights
that's what Amnesty International said
in its recent report it was a record
year for human rights abuse and for
sheer numbers of refugees let's look at
just how bad 2014 was around the world
in Syria and Iraq Isis attacked
kidnapped and executed scores of people
who were perceived as disobey errs of
Sharia law many of the executions were
videotaped and displayed online in Iraq
Shia militias continued to slaughter
Sunni civilians with indirect support
from the Iraqi government in July Israel
launched an assault on Gaza which killed
about 2,000 Palestinians in January 2015
the International Criminal Court
announced a preliminary investigation
into these deaths as war crimes Egypt's
new government imprisoned thousands of
activists throughout the year and
sentenced hundreds of them to death
more than 800 reportedly died from
violence during the protests in December
and Pakistan the Taliban attacked a
public school resulting in the deaths of
a hundred and thirty-two children it was
the deadliest Taliban attack in
Pakistan's history in Nigeria around
eight thousand people died last year
many from attacks by the terrorist group
Boko Haram almost 300 schoolgirls were
abducted by the Islamic militant group
in April and many are still in captivity
in the Central African Republic during
conflicts between Muslims and Christians
more than five thousand people perished
most were civilians in South Sudan
fighting between government and
opposition forces left thousands dead
and forced more than 800,000 to flee
their homes in Venezuela and February
mass anti-government protests resulted
in 43 deaths and 870 injuries in Mexico
in September 43 students and route to a
protest were detained by police and
later disappeared they are thought to
have been killed by local mafia working
with law enforcement in the United
States the officer-involved shooting of
Michael Brown ignited racial tensions in
Ferguson Missouri and prompted months of
rioting across the nation in December
the u.s. released the torture report
which detailed many offenses committed
by the CIA against prisoners supposedly
in pursuit of information on terrorists
a UN report released in February
detailed the North Korean government's
systematic
widespread and gross human rights
violations hundreds of thousands of
people remained in detention facilities
in North Korea throughout 2014 in Hong
Kong during September thousands of
protesters took to the streets to demand
universal suffrage more than a hundred
were detained and some are still
incarcerated in Kiev Ukraine
anti-government protests concluded with
more than a hundred people dead in 2014
since April 2014 the UN reports that
more than 6,000 people have died from
the conflict in eastern Ukraine with
pro-russian separatists in an effort to
improve conditions in 2015 Amnesty
International is urging UN members to
not veto any Security Council measures
which might take action against genocide
war crimes or crimes against humanity
we're really excited to announce that we
have officially launched a brand new
Network seeker and I really think you'll
want to check out our new daily show
seeker daily here's one of my episodes
on a brand new temple to Thor that
Iceland is building they'll use the
temple to celebrate Odin Thor and Frigg
and they'll observe ancient rituals like
blot with the giant feast leaving out
the animal sacrifices once associated
with that ceremony make sure you to
subscribe to seeker for more interesting
stories from around the world there's a
link to that video in the description
thanks for watching
