this episode is brought to you by aj+
elections for the 37th World Zionist
Congress are now underway this governing
body is historically important to Israel
because it functioned as a Jewish
government long before there was an
actual State of Israel so what is
Zionism and how does it influence
Israeli politics the term Zion is
associated with the city of Jerusalem
the land of Israel has always been
sacred and it has inspired countless
pilgrimages for displaced Jews seeking
the return to Zion around the dawn of
the 20th century immigration to the Land
of Israel was especially popular because
of a growing Zionist political movement
this modern Zionism created by Theodor
Herzl centered around the belief that
all Jews belong to a single nation and
that they should establish a sovereign
state to return to Herzl published a
pamphlet on the subject known in English
as the Jewish state and then organized
the first World Zionist Congress in 1897
to discuss homeland options during the
next few decades Jewish states were
proposed in places like Alaska and
Uganda but Jerusalem in the Palestine
area was the area that held the most
significance for Jews in 1917 Britain
okay - Jewish state in Palestine and
after the Holocaust many other Western
countries supported it as well the State
of Israel gained its independence in
1948 after the establishment of the
Israeli government the World Zionist
Congress lost some of its power but it
is still around today as part of the
World Zionist Organization with millions
of dollars in their budget they work
alongside the Israeli government to
encourage Jewish settlement in Palestine
and Jewish national sentiment through
education
how does aya Nazem affect modern Israel
well since the early 1900's many
different forms of cultural Zionism have
permeated the country according to a
study by the Israel democracy Institute
almost half of Jews reportedly view
themselves as affiliated with religious
Zionism which is the idea that original
Jewish traditions should be preserved
and Jews should have a sovereign state
in the Holy Land however many
Palestinians call this area home - and
they resent the influx of Jewish
immigrants there so although Zionism has
given a homeland and safe haven to a
long oppressed community
it has also flared territorial tempers
in the Middle East
and contributed to the current
israeli-palestinian conflict for a more
in-depth look into settlements in the
West Bank and how that's affecting
politics in the region check out this
video from aj+ but religion aside the
Israeli government also encourages
settlement by offering lower tax rates
subsidized housing and easier loans and
thank you for watching test-tube please
subscribe
