with every new generation the balance of
power influence and military strength
shifts and evolves today countries that
once clearly held the titles of most
powerful are slowly seeing their
influence wane and other countries are
rising to take their place so we wanted
to know what are the most powerful
countries in the world today and what
makes a country powerful in the 21st
century well a country's power is
essentially derived from its ability to
wield influence or control over other
countries this can be generally defined
in three basic ways social significance
economic dominance and military might
although social issues might seem less
relevant than economy or military the
reality is that things like happiness
and health tend to have direct political
influence on other countries serving as
models of what works and what doesn't
hire quality of life is often associated
with higher per capita GDP overall
satisfaction and better health which are
some of the most important and goals for
any government as of 2017 the top
ranking country in the social Progress
Index was Denmark jumping two spots to
overtake Canada and Finland from 2016
the list compiled by a us-based
nonprofit think-tank places Denmark
first in part due to the available and
affordable housing free health care and
other social necessities that allow
Danish citizens to pursue careers and
lifestyles that aren't limited by an
inability to afford basic needs another
major reason is the ability to access
information 96% of Denmark uses the
Internet the country is also number one
on the list for personal rights with a
greater emphasis on freedom of
expression freedom of assembly and
private property rights all of these
combined lead to Denmark having a top 10
GDP per capita and many other countries
seek to emulate Denmark in social
welfare and freedom as a standard for
improving their own societies making
social progress a strong measurement of
global power
but while GDP per capita is useful in
measuring social value global economic
power is more dependent on trade than
personal wealth countries that make it
easy to trade and see large volumes of
trade in both directions are able to
wield the most power when it comes to
making economic decisions that affect
other countries China is by far the
largest exporter in the world according
to the World Trade Organization since
China has overtake
Japan the United States and Germany as
the most significant source of global
exports which has ballooned the Chinese
GDP from about two trillion dollars
ranking sixth worldwide to 11 trillion
today this ranks it second in worldwide
GDP and first in purchasing power
China's meteoric rise means that they
have the power to make global decisions
on trade balance giving them significant
control over the world economy and
making them one of the most powerful
countries in the world still while
society and economy have historically
been important indicators of influence
the biggest sign of world power is
undoubtedly military strengthening in
the last century particularly since
World War two individual countries have
grouped together to form massive defence
alliances today there are only a few
countries left that are singularly
militarily dominant and the most
powerful country in this regard is the
United States of America as of 2016 the
u.s. spends roughly 600 billion dollars
on defense annually comprising one third
of the entire world's defense spending
the u.s. also has direct bilateral
military relationships with 54 countries
and more than 800 bases in over 70
countries with an armed force of more
than two million personnel but as of
the US has global military standing
slightly changing in recent months the
USA's leadership has spoken out against
a number of valuable military
partnerships that make up its most
powerful allies including the North
Atlantic Treaty Organization although by
the numbers the u.s. reigns supreme and
can defend itself militarily the
increasingly isolationist position of
the US government has served to decrease
its global military power now a number
of the USS allies have ramped up their
own defenses assuming that the u.s.
might not be as reliable as they have
historically been while these countries
ranked among the most powerful in each
of their own ways we might be seeing
major changes as the 21st century
progresses while you might know that the
u.s. spends the most in the world on
their military America is not the
largest military in the world to learn
about some of the other world's top
military powers check out this video to
the right thanks for joining us here are
now this world please make sure to tell
us down below in the comments with
series and topics you want us to cover
and don't forget to Like and subscribe
to catch new videos every week
