Alaskans are finally able to legally
smoke and now that recreational
marijuana legislation has gone into
effect like in Washington Washington DC
Oregon and Colorado
the legalization continues to carve the
path for nationwide decriminalization
but as more states allow for controlled
homegrown legal pot Mexican drug cartels
are left with less demand for their most
popular product so how badly is US
marijuana legalization affecting the
Mexican drug trade well for Mexican
cartels growing and selling weed is an
extremely lucrative business other drugs
like cocaine have much higher profit
margins but unlike marijuana cartels are
forced to buy cocaine from Colombia
while weed can be homegrown in Mexico
according to the White House in 2006
marijuana made up eight point six
billion out of a total thirteen point
eight billion in revenue for cartels
that's nearly two thirds of their entire
revenue stream although this figure has
been considered a bit high however
reports show that since Americans have
been buying more US grown pot the price
for pot has plummeted from a hundred a
kilo five years ago to less than 25
today Mexican weed farmers have
reportedly complained that they cannot
make enough money to justify the risk of
supplying traffickers plus US grown weed
can be up to four times stronger than
Mexican brick weed and although US weed
is more expensive it does not need to be
smuggled across the border in fact
cartels have begun to ship marijuana out
of the u.s. due to the price and quality
although one Mexican think-tank
suggested that revenue would fall by up
to 50 percent as a result of marijuana
legislation they really don't seem to be
struggling to make up the difference one
of the reasons is that while states
around in Colorado Oregon and Washington
are mostly buying their marijuana
locally more southern states like Texas
and New Mexico still rely on cartel weed
and when California which consumes one
seventh of all US pot decriminalized
marijuana cartel profits dropped by only
a few percentage points
some think that major cartels like the
Sinaloa cartel and the said vests are
able to withstand lower marijuana
profits by increasing their role in
other illegal trade such as heroin and
meth cells and human
despite losing out on some marijuana
profits the cartels continue to be as
active as ever Colorado has learned
about just what legalizing pot can do
for the economy and crime rates to see
what they found so far check out our
video right up here legalizing weed adds
tax revenue that's obvious Colorado
expects a ninety eight million dollar
jump in tax revenue from weed sales this
year alone thanks for watching test-tube
please subscribe
