Haiti and the Dominican Republic are
close but only in the geographical sense
the two countries may exist on the
Caribbean island of Hispaniola but
historically they have rarely seen
eye-to-eye
tensions due to controversial law
changes and the recent hanging of a
Haitian man in the Dominican Republic
have experts worried that the island is
on the brink of a humanitarian crisis so
why do you hate E in the Dominican
Republic hate each other well to
understand the conflict we have to go
back to 1697 when france and spain
divided Hispaniola in two after battling
for control haiti gained independence
from France in 1804 and subsequently
took over the Spanish Dominican side in
an effort to free the entire island of
slavery Haiti occupied the Dominican
side for 22 years during that time the
spanish-speaking Dominicans were
restricted to speaking French in
Haitians and forced oppressive rules on
labor and the redistribution of
Dominican wealth
although the Dominican Republic
eventually gained its independence from
Haiti it's not that this period of
occupation was where their relationship
started to sour since then several
social and economic factors have
contributed to deepening divisions today
attentions are largely motivated by
racism human rights experts observed
that Dominicans openly discriminate
against Haitians because they perceive
them to be more black despite both
cultures having African ancestry
Dominicans argue that they have more
European heritage than their Haitian
neighbors this anti Haitian sentiment
has endured since 1937 when dictator
Rafael Trujillo led the Dominican
Republic
Rafael was obsessed with pale skin and
under his rule around 10 to 25,000
dark-skinned Haitians living in
Dominican border towns were murdered
economically the Dominican Republic
fares better than Haiti experts suggest
that this disparity comes down to the
way Hispaniola is divided while the
Dominican Republic enjoys plentiful
rains the mountains that bordered the
two nations cut off Haiti's rainfall the
semi-arid climate coupled with
deforestation problems has meant Haiti's
agricultural production is more
restricted than the Dominican Republic's
all that being said when the 2010
earthquake devastated Haiti the
Dominican Republic was quick to jump to
its aid providing food water and rescue
workers sadly this feeling of goodwill
didn't laugh
so what went wrong well after the
earthquake more Haitians took refuge in
the Dominican Republic however a recent
High Court ruling retroactive to 1930
means that refugees can only be granted
Dominican citizenship if at least one of
their parents is a legal resident
according to reports more than 200,000
Haitians are now stateless following the
decision Haitian Dominican tensions have
escalated into violence with reports of
Dominicans burning the Haitian flag and
open calls for the deportation of all
Haitian refugees experts suggest the
countries like the United States and
other Caribbean nations they have to get
involved if the new ruling continues to
perpetuate human rights abuses against
Haitian refugees to learn more about
tensions between other countries check
out this playlist now including a look
at why China hates Japan the two nations
also have enormous political and
cultural differences they are also both
making aggressive gains and military
strength and both fighting for greater
influence in the region and if there are
other country relationships you'd like
us to explore let us know in the
comments below thanks for watching
