this episode is brought to you by aj+
North Korea's Constitution describes its
government as an independent socialist
state however many other sources
including the CIA world factbook list
North Korea as a one-man dictatorship so
what is the dictatorship and how many
countries are still run by dictators a
dictatorship is a form of authoritarian
government in which complete power over
the people and state is held by one
person or political entity the word is
often used interchangeably with terms
like tyranny monarchy totalitarianism
autocracy despotism and even sometimes
with words like Republic and democracy
for example North Korea's full title is
the Democratic People's Republic of
North Korea modern dictatorships hardly
ever refer to themselves as such often
they will assume the mask of a democracy
complete with phony elections in order
to give legitimacy to their rule just
look at the recent elections in Zimbabwe
and Syria for example once in power
dictators protect their station with
military action restrictions on personal
freedoms propaganda and even
state-sponsored terrorism hallmark signs
of an authoritarian regime include state
controlled media rampant corruption and
cronyism and a sizable gap between the
wealthy elite and the poor often the
loose term of dictatorship is applied to
any country where civil liberties are
suppressed and all the power is
concentrated on one leader or single
political unit how many of these
dictatorships exist in the world it's
hard to say the majority of national
governments operate on a spectrum
between constitutional democracies like
the United States and complete
dictatorships like North Korea there are
many nations that fall in between
however The Economist Intelligence Unit
estimates that as of 2014 52 countries
are ruled by authoritarian regimes
places like China Cuba Russia Syria and
Zimbabwe are on this list
and there are many more unfortunately
dictatorships grew stronger in 2014
according to a watchdog organization
Freedom House their report released in
2015 notes that more than half of the
world's countries are considered partly
free or not free and there was an
overall decline
in global political rights and civil
liberties last year however there are
also studies that show most people want
a government with democratic values in
the future trends towards globalization
higher education and a growing middle
class may be the key to eliminating
authoritarian governments once and for
all if you want to know who's really
calling the shots in North Korea check
out this video from our friends at aj+
these North Korea's very own George
Washington Josef Stalin and the tooth
fairy combined
thank you for watching test-tube please
subscribe
