after almost four decades in prison
Joseph sledge was released from jail
after a panel of three judges ruled that
he was wrongfully convicted so how did
they find a man innocent forty years
after the crime was committed and why
did it take so long on September 5th
1976 Joseph sledge escapes White Lake
prison camp North Carolina where he was
serving time for larceny a day later the
bodies of Josephine Davis and her
daughter are discovered inside their
home which is just four miles away from
the prison where sledge escaped both
women have multiple stab wounds on
September 9th sledge is arrested in
Dillon South Carolina driving a stolen
car he is charged with two counts of
murder
although Joseph denies any involvement
two years later Joseph faces trial the
case predates any DNA testing but
forensic evidence is presented in court
implicating sledge two of sledges fellow
prison inmates testify that he admitted
to the murders sledge is sentenced to
life in prison for over three decades
sledge pleads his innocence asking that
the forensic evidence used against him
be DNA tested but the key evidence has
gone missing in 2012 the evidence
re-emerges a small envelope is found
containing hairs which had been
collected from the victims bodies DNA
testing reveals conclusively that the
hairs do not belong to sledge a year
later sledges lawyers move to overturn
his conviction supported by the DNA
evidence and an affidavit from one of
the two jailhouse informants that
testified during sledges trial the
informant admits that the police offered
him early release from prison if he
testified against sledge after a lengthy
process to get the case reopened in
January 2015 the new DNA evidence is
presented to a three-judge panel in
North Carolina they find sledge innocent
after almost four decades sledge is
released from prison he is the longest
serving wrongfully convicted person in
North Carolina and he stands among 325
other convictions in the u.s. to date
that have been overturned by DNA testing
what do you think of Joseph's wrongful
conviction and the time it took to find
him innocent
tell us in the comments below to learn
more about the US prison system check
out this video and don't forget to
subscribe we make new videos every day
