twenty-six-year-old US aid worker Kayla
Mueller died while being held captive by
Isis militants in Syria so what happens
how did a young woman doing humanitarian
work end up dying at the hands of
terrorists after graduating college in
2011 Kayla travels the globe to work
with charities in India Palestine and
Tibet by the end of 2012
Kayla travels to southern Turkey to work
for support to Life a humanitarian group
providing aid to Syrian refugees fleeing
the Arab Spring isis starts to gain
prominence announcing the absorption of
an al-qaeda backed militant group in
Syria on August 3rd 2013
Kayla crosses the Turkish border into
Syria to help a friend at a Spanish
Doctors Without Borders Hospital a day
later on the return trip to Turkey Kayla
and her friend are captured by Isis
militants kayla is allowed to make
contact with her family after almost a
year in captivity in the letter she
confirms that she is being treated well
then almost a year later jordan launches
an airstrike on Isis targets in Syria
militants claimed that kayla has been
killed in the attack for more info about
the war against Isis check out our full
playlist here including this video about
Jordan's latest attack on the militants
the growing threats to Jordans security
prompted Jordans ruling monarch and head
of the Royal Special Forces King
Abdullah to meet with President Obama
and subscribe for new test-tube videos
every day
