this episode is brought to you by AJ
plus the US Senate recently approved the
construction of the Keystone XL pipeline
it was good news for big oil companies
and TransCanada who will manage the
pipeline's construction but the
controversial decision has sparked mass
demonstrations urging President Obama to
veto the project so what is the Keystone
XL pipeline the construction of the
pipeline will complete the final phase
of a 3,800 mile network known as the
Keystone pipeline system an existing
pipeline which was completed in June of
2010 has the capacity of carrying
590,000 barrels of oil per day from the
Canadian tar sands to US refineries in
Illinois and Texas the new larger
Keystone XL pipeline would be capable of
carrying 830,000 barrels of oil per day
advocates of the project say that the
increased production will inject two
billion dollars worth of economic
benefits into the US but activists argue
it will only worsen the social and
environmental impacts that the existing
pipeline is created so what's behind
these arguments for one the tar sands
are not a conventional source of
petroleum tar sands are actually a
composition of sand clay water and
bitumen because of its impurity bitumen
within tar sands has to go through an
energy intensive chemical process of
extraction and refinement which could
pollute water ways and create toxic
waste there is also a problem with where
the tar sands are located around
one-third of the world's tar sand
deposits lie beneath the boreal forests
of Alberta one of the world's largest
intact forest ecosystems
however this wilderness faces an
uncertain future according to an
activist group oil companies have
already leased more than half of the
land aside from the environmental
problems the Keystone XL is also under
fire for its impact on society the
pipeline will run through the sovereign
lands of several indigenous tribes and
according to human rights groups
thousands of people have already been
displaced but proponents of the pipeline
argue that the US should be looking at
the bigger picture according to a 2011
Trans Canada assessment the Keystone XL
construction and eventual operation will
help create 140,000 jobs
however the US State Department has
since suggested that this figure would
be more like 42,000 in addition to job
creation supporters also say that the
pipeline would give the u.s. greater oil
independence and boost the economy so if
the Senate has already approved the
Keystone XL why is there still so much
controversy
well TransCanada can't actually begin
construction until they receive a
presidential permit and that's because
the pipeline crosses an international
border
ultimately the decision comes down to
President Obama to learn more about why
the Keystone pipeline is so
controversial check out this animation
from our friends over at aj+
dance to your car tank this oil produces
17% more greenhouse gas emissions than
regular oil it also leaves behind toxic
pools of chemicals which are poisoning
lakes and rivers thanks for watching
test-tube please subscribe
