how powerful is the United States it
might seem like a dumb question by just
looking at the US military economy and
political influence you could conclude
as studies by the National Intelligence
Council did in 2008 and 2012 that the
u.s. is the single most powerful country
in the world they also think that it
will remain that way until at least 2025
so instead of focusing on the u.s. as
strengths we're going to focus on the
limitations yes the United States is the
most powerful country but how
effectively can they wield that power
the answer is not to effectively for
starters the US government is largely
governed by an elaborate system of
checks and balances which is good for
maintaining stability but bad for
wielding power for example the president
is the commander-in-chief of the Armed
Forces but only Congress can declare war
on other nations or authorize extended
military campaigns like our current war
on terror which is authorized under an
Act passed by Congress in the wake of
the 9/11 attacks so right now the
president can do what he needs to do to
fight al-qaeda
but he cannot conduct extended military
campaigns against other non al-qaeda
affiliated nations without Congress's
sign-off even if another nation like
let's say Russia were to do something
that the president disagreed with like
let's say annex Crimea or invade Ukraine
the president's hands would still be
tied plus both the President and
Congress are in power for limited
periods of time and freely elected by
the people if the President or Congress
were to vote for or start an unpopular
war it could be difficult for them to
stay in office so at the beginning of
any large-scale conflict elected
officials have to be at least somewhat
certain that the people will go for it
this is why the majority of the United
States is overt military actions are
against outside aggressors like Japan in
World War two rogue states like a rock
and desert storm or as a direct result
of a terrorist attack on US soil or
against US embassies it would be very
difficult for our government to start an
overt conflict with a foreign state
without one of those contingencies
happening first I say over at conflict
of course because the u.s. does have a
history of using covert operations to
overthrow or Oh
influence other nations and it is a
history spotted with messy failures that
act more as a proof of the USA's lack of
power than anything else to hear more
about that check out our video on the
current relationship with Iran obviously
that is just one approach to the limits
of u.s. power
there are many other examples Russia and
China's place on the UN Security Council
being chief among them to find out more
about that click here and please let us
know in the comments any other angles
you would like us to point to in the
future or anything else you'd like to
know
