President Obama wants to give Americans
two three years of Community College in
part to help boost the economy critics
argue that the country is already in a
huge amount of debt and can't afford
such a program they also question the
effect that this plan will have on the
economy so what value does this program
really offer and how important is it to
make education free according to the
White House higher education is the best
way to climb the socio-economic ladder
they see education as a way for
low-income students to break into the
middle class and they see growing the
middle class as a way to fix our economy
a White House report states the benefits
of post-secondary education are well
documented and have major implications
for economic growth equality and social
mobility a factor that many studies on
both sides of the aisle corroborate
including reports by the left-leaning
Economic Policy Institute the centrist
Brookings Institute and the more
conservative Heritage Foundation however
it's important to note that education
economy relationship has been
extensively studied for decades and no
actual consensus has yet been reached
studies in the early 2000s assert that
factors other than increased education
may be more beneficial to economic
growth factors like improved personal
health and inherited riches so there is
some cause for more study supposing the
White House is right and the US economy
will benefit from having more college
grads why make higher education free
well Obama wants to lower our nation's
average student debt so that college
grads have more spending power which
will naturally put more money directly
into the economy and there is some
evidence that a free or low-cost college
system could work thriving countries
like Germany Finland Norway and Sweden
have already adopted similar systems
that offer free or low-cost higher
education in those places GDP is high
and unemployment rates are low so if the
u.s. wanted a model to base a new system
off of there are available options on
the other hand the world's most
expensive universities in America and
the UK dominate the top ten spots on
world university rankings so there's
something to be said for both the free
educational system and a costly private
one
even without Obama's proposed
legislation it's worthwhile in the long
run
college degree higher levels of
education correspond to improved health
a longer lifespan higher rates of pay
and lower rates of unemployment children
of the highly educated also experienced
benefits of greater health cognitive
abilities academic achievement and lower
chances of poverty as an adult
to learn more about the state of higher
education in the US watched this video
about what happens if you don't pay off
your student loan debt the average
graduate borrowed around $29,000 the
total number of student loans owed in
the u.s. today has surpassed one
trillion dollars with numbers rising
every year thanks for watching and
subscribe to support test-tube every day
