recently terrorists attacked the offices
of a satirical magazine in Paris called
Charlie Hebdo killing at least 12 people
and injuring more many believe this
attack was in retaliation of the
magazine's cartoons which depicted the
Islamic prophet Muhammad and this is not
the first time that an incident like
this has happened the question is why
are some Muslim groups so adamantly
against depicting Muhammad
well the Quran condemns any idolatry
meaning the worship of a physical object
or other idols some Muslims believe that
seeing their prophet or God in paintings
will lead to people praying to or
worshipping that painting or object
which is an exact contradiction with
tawheed the Islamic monotheism any other
site passages in the hadith which is a
record of teachings and sayings of
Muhammad they believe that these
teachings ban not only images of Allah
and Muhammad but also images of all
living creatures this includes other
Islamic prophets which is why movies
depicting Jesus Noah and Moses have been
banned in some Islamic countries this is
also why unlike Christianity and
Buddhism a lot of Islamic art is text
and calligraphy not portraits but not
all Muslims feel this way these beliefs
are mainly held by Sunni Muslims who
make up the largest branch of Islam in
Iran where she and Muslims are the
majority depictions of Muhammad are much
more common these are usually in the
form of hand painted miniatures which
have been common for hundreds of years
in Iran Turkey and Central Asia
however these depictions are obviously
respectful and used for storytelling and
historical purposes some images put a
veil over Muhammad's face or obscure it
with whiteness light or flames and these
are mostly done by Muslim artists I
mentioned at the top that Westerners
depicting Muhammad has led to trouble
before but it is not always resulted in
violence sometimes there is diplomacy
and cooperation in 1955 New York City at
the request of Indonesia Pakistan
in Egypt agreed to take down a statue of
Mohammed that was honoring him as one of
ten law givers alongside Moses Confucius
and Alfred the Great and in 1974 the New
York Times published an apology for
running a picture of Muhammad in an
article about Islam after receiving
numerous complaints but as we know not
all disagreements and so peacefully in
1977 a reporter was killed and over a
hundred hostages were taken in
Washington DC possibly in response to
how some important Islamic figures were
depicted in the motion picture Mohamed
Messenger of God
more recently publications in Sweden and
Bangladesh were sent death threats after
they depicted Muhammad in some of their
periodicals these images also caused
international protests and the
evacuation of some embassies this is one
debate that probably will never be
resolved on one side is people asking
for others to respect their beliefs on
the other side is journalists asking for
people to respect freedom of speech and
of the press but it's important to note
that most people on both sides condemn
terrorists and their actions subscribe
to test-tube for more new videos 6 days
a week and if you'd like to learn more
about the differences between Sunni and
Shia Muslims check out this video now
originally Muslims were all one group
unified under the Prophet Mohammed then
in the year 632 Muhammad died and
Muslims split off into two separate
groups thanks for watching
