in 2012 Japan laid claim to a string of
eight tiny uninhabited islands by buying
them from a private owner the problem is
China and Taiwan also lay claim to those
same islands recently this territorial
dispute has become a volatile issue and
one that some reporters have even
suggested could trigger another world
war obviously that's a pretty unlikely
scenario but it does raise the question
how powerful is Japan while Japan is an
economic giant but they also have a
stunted military the CIA reports that by
design they spend only 1% of their total
GDP on national defense after World War
two the Allied forces made Japan revise
their constitution and add an article
stating that the Japanese people forever
renounce war as a sovereign right of the
nation and the threat or use of force as
a means of settling international
disputes then in the 1960s to further
solidify that mandate Japan and the u.s.
signed the treaty of mutual cooperation
and security which gave assurance to
Japan that the United States would
defend them against any threats it also
gave the u.s. access to and control over
a few military bases on Japanese land so
that's why Japan's military is currently
so small they have approximately 250,000
active military personnel which ranks
them 22nd in active military manpower so
does this mean Japan isn't powerful no
economically and politically Japan is a
global leader their GDP which is valued
at almost 6 trillion dollars ranks third
in the world huge tech and machinery
companies like Mitsubishi Kawasaki and
Toshiba produce some of the finest
electronics automobiles and military
gear on the market they also have
enormous political power they provide 11
percent of the UN's budget making them
second only to the u.s. in that respect
they have extremely close ties with the
United States plus their economy has
remained strong despite multiple
recessions as well as the 2011 Fukushima
nuclear disaster if Japan were to expand
their military they would surely become
an international superpower but as of
now that doesn't seem like a real
possibility as recent polls show the
majority of Japanese citizens prefer
their current military
arrangement if you'd like to learn more
about the strengths of other countries
around the world please go check out our
strengths of Nations playlist thanks for
watching and please subscribe
