the Affordable Care Act better known as
Obamacare has been a hot button issue in
American politics it has been debated
protested screamed about and has already
made one trip to the Supreme Court it
has been over a year since open
enrollment so it might be a good time to
ask is Obamacare working there are many
ways to look at the success or failure
of a health care system but let's just
look at the big picture
one clear sign of success many people
point to is the decreasing number of
uninsured Americans polls from Gallup
the CDC in the New England Journal of
Medicine all show that the number of
uninsured is going down one poll from
the health returned monitoring survey
saw the number of uninsured dropped 30%
between 2013 and 2014 another major
aspect of the Affordable Care Act is to
be well affordable and there is evidence
that costs are down partially due to an
increase in competition between health
insurers there are more people insured
now than ever before
and as a result there are more health
insurance providers popping up to
compete for those customers this has
been directly connected to lower
premiums across the country many studies
have found that premium rates are either
increasing at a slower rate than normal
or in some cases actually decreasing
health care spending has also gone down
but Obamacare isn't really responsible
for that health care spending has been
trending downwards all around the world
and in the u.s. the recession is seen as
the main reason for it experts believe
that Obamacare will actually make health
care spending increase in the future and
the more people that have health
insurance will mean more money spent on
health care one big factor in judging
how a health care system is working is
the health of the nation whether or not
Obama care is helping Americans be
healthier however we don't know yet
Obama care hasn't been around long
enough to answer that question and of
course Obama care has had negative
effects on some people making middle
class wages have reported hardships in
paying their medical insurance premiums
because they don't qualify for any
government subsidies to help relieve the
financial pressure there are also states
that haven't implemented Medicaid
expansion policies which have created
gaps where some Americans don't qualify
for one helpful program because they
make too much money and another helpful
program because they
too little money obviously this does not
cover all aspects of Obamacare but the
facts are still there and the three main
issues are there are more people insured
health care costs have not skyrocketed
and the health insurance industry is
growing do you want to avoid going to
the doctor's office more than you should
though check out this video over at
dnews about why hand sanitizer is more
harmful than you might think
thanks for watching test-tube please
subscribe
