we like to think of slavery as a thing
of the past but the sad fact is that
slavery is still a very real and
widespread problem the US State
Department calls it trafficking in
persons and it is estimated by the
global slavery index or GSI that 57,000
to 63,000 people are enslaved in the
United States right now a number that is
both overwhelming and understates the
scale of the problem as a whole to get a
better picture of how serious this issue
is let's look at another industrialized
world power where you'd expect to see
relatively low levels of slavery Russia
has a GSI estimated four hundred and
ninety thousand to five hundred and
forty thousand people in some form of
slavery right now which puts them at
49th on the gsi and yes that means 48
other countries have more slaves per
capita than Russia but it doesn't take
away from Russia's enormous problem with
forced labor so how did this happen
while the majority of Russia's slave
population consists of migrant workers
from the former Soviet bloc or illegal
immigrants from the surrounding areas
places like North Korea and Vietnam
these groups are forced to work in a
huge variety of industries construction
manufacturing narcotics the sex trade
there are even reports of grocery stores
being staffed with forced labor the high
number of slaves is partially due to the
fact that Russia has a huge and porous
border an estimated 20 million migrants
enter into Russia every year Russia also
has a high level of institutionalized
corruption when it comes to this issue
there are reports of extortion by
customs officials border guards and
police officers there are also reports
of law enforcement facilitating or
directly participating in human
trafficking and there are reports of the
direct ties between the Russian
government and organized crime adding to
all of this are claims by journalists
from Vice magazine that the Russian
government is using unpaid North Korean
laborers on lease from the North Korean
government to work in their Siberian
lumber industry the US State Department
admits that a lot of this evidence is
anecdotal but it was enough for them to
condemn the Russian government in a 2013
report on human trafficking and they may
sanction
for human rights violations if the
situation doesn't improve this is all to
illustrate the enormity of Russia's
human trafficking problem and to
reiterate that they are only 49th on the
gsi index there are 48 other countries
that have a bigger slave problem
worldwide there are now an estimated
twenty nine point eight million people
in some form of slavery which means that
there are more slaves now than there
were at any other time in our history if
you found this video informative please
subscribe we release five videos a week
and hitting the annotation on screen now
or the subscribe button at the bottom on
YouTube is the best way to get all of
these videos to you
