recently a terrorist organization in
Egypt called Ansar Bayt al-maqdis or ABM
reportedly swore allegiance to Isis and
a recorded message released on Twitter
this was the same group that previously
refuted any Isis connection also on
Twitter so what happened our terrorist
groups really joining Isis
well last June the leader of Isis called
on all Muslims to join Isis in their
jihad against the West at the time there
was some concern that other extremist
terrorist groups would heed the call but
few of them have actually done so al
Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula or AQAP
which is considered one of the more
serious and deadly terrorist groups
around announced their support for Isis
saying they're in solidarity with our
Muslim brothers in Iraq against the
crusade but they didn't offer any sort
of financial support or allegiance to
Isis they basically just said good job
the Islamic movement of Uzbekistan also
publicly stated support for Isis but it
too was nothing more than a glorified
attaboy Ansar al-sharia the same group
blamed for the 2012 attack on the US
Embassy in Benghazi also showed their
support for Isis one of their factions
at Libya paraded down the streets waving
Isis flags a different faction based in
Tunisia may have actually visited Isis
in Syria and offered allegiance but even
this group hasn't officially joined
forces with Isis there hasn't even been
so much as a Twitter announcement so
none of the major players have joined
Isis but there are a few smaller
terrorist groups that are actively
supporting them in some pretty terrible
ways the Algerian terrorist group
joong-dal Khilafah captured and beheaded
a French Mountaineer in retaliation to
the French government's airstrikes on
Isis the Indian terrorist group Ansar
altiheat has reportedly ordered their
members to kill citizens of any nation
currently fighting against Isis although
nothing has come of it yet and a
terrorist group in the Philippines
called Abu Sayyaf kidnapped two German
tourists in the name of Isis but they
may not actually be isis-affiliated more
on that later so where do we stand now
while all of these terrorist groups have
their own agendas and targets
whether or not they're part of Isis
doesn't change who their targets are or
what their goals are
it doesn't even change the urgency with
which they commit terrorist acts
including Isis in the conversation or
claiming allegiance with them just gets
them a little bit more press and
possibly a bit more leverage according
to some experts Abu Sayyaf the Filipino
group we mentioned earlier may have
stated allegiance to Isis because people
are willing to pay more for hostages
held by Isis than they are for hostages
held by an obscure Filipino terrorist
group if you found this information
relevant then please subscribe and
remember we upload new videos 6 days a
week and subscribing is the best way to
make sure you see them all
