think back to all the blockbuster movies
you've seen in the last few years
besides space travel superheroes and
Matt Damon one thing that ties them
together is that they're by and large
made in the United States high budget
Hollywood films are almost always in
English usually featuring American
actors and produced by us-based
companies so it may come as a surprise
that many of these films are
increasingly being targeted
not just at viewers in the US but those
in China China's market for movies is
expanding at an unprecedented rate over
the course of roughly a decade the
country's box office sales have grown
almost twice as fast as the entire
country's economy and by the end of 2017
movie sales and China are expected to
outnumber those in the US this is due in
no small part to the country's rapidly
growing middle class an estimated 76% of
China's urban population would be
considered middle-class by 2022 so
Hollywood has an obvious financial
incentive to appeal to a Chinese
audience but large production companies
also have to consider whether or not
their film will actually make it into
Chinese theaters an international quota
system sets a cap on the number of
foreign films that can screen in China
each year in 2016 it was just 34 films
and although there are no official rules
outlining what kinds of movies the
government will accept it's pretty much
assumed that anything critical of China
won't make the cut this has had a
profound effect on the way blockbuster
films are made take for instance the
James Bond movie Skyfall in a perceived
effort to make it past the state-imposed
quota sky falls filmmakers use the
Chinese cities
Shanghai and Macau as stunning backdrops
however upon review from the Chinese
government the production company had to
cut a scene in which bond kills a
Chinese security guard and change a plot
line that references a character in
Chinese custody similar considerations
were allegedly taken in the making of
the 2016 movie Star Trek Beyond in
the fictional character Sulu is a
happily married gay man
however because of strict Chinese laws
preventing the portrayal of
homosexuality on screen certain scenes
with Sulu and his husband were cut down
before screening in China Hollywood
filmmakers have not only been accused of
self censoring in favor of China but
also making notable changes to their
cast for plotline take 2016 s warcraft
an action fantasy film based on a video
game with predominantly chinese players
warcraft featured a major
chinese-american star and was filmed in
a way that was easy to translate its
release date was even planned around the
Chinese national holiday unsurprisingly
the movie was a box-office hit in China
while in the u.s. it bombed even the
makers of Star Wars have also allegedly
changed their films to appease Chinese
audiences 2015's Star Wars The Force
awakens failed in China because
according to experts the film lean too
heavily on the original trilogy which
was just released in China the year
before accordingly their latest
installment where one features two
acclaimed Chinese actors China's
influence over Hollywood has even rung
alarm bells among some officials in
Washington who worried that the
relationship could eventually lead to
Pro Chinese propaganda films in
September 2016 16 members of Congress
wrote an open letter urging the body's
investigative arm to take a closer look
at China's investments in America's film
industry when former House member even
wrote an op-ed for The Washington Post
in which he argued that by financing and
censoring American movies the Chinese
government could quote effectively
dictate what is and isn't made although
the industry is far from a full-blown
Chinese takeover the country's influence
over Hollywood is impossible to ignore
and this isn't the only way China has
considerable leverage over the u.s. to
find out why the US needs China check
out this video right here thanks for
watching seeker daily don't forget to
Like and subscribe for new videos
