India is the world's second most
populous country and the largest arms
importer they also have a growing
economy are nuclear capable and are
constantly skirmishing with Pakistan so
how powerful is India and how big of a
threat do they pose to global stability
well normally we would compare our
nation's military strength to that of
the United States or Russia but a more
relevant comparison is China and even
then the gap is still wide China has
roughly two million two hundred and
eighty five thousand active troops India
only has roughly 1 million 325 thousand
active troops they are also outnumbered
when it comes to tanks ships subs and
planes China has a larger military
budget and a better command structure
because India's military command is
uniquely fractured there is no
centralized military authority within
India's armed forces they don't have an
equivalent to the US as head of the
Joint Chiefs as a result the heads of
each wing of their military act somewhat
autonomously this is by design it
prevents the military from assuming too
much power or organizing a coup as a
side effect the military also has
difficulty organizing solid war
scenarios or contingency plans according
to some reports the Indian military is
lacking a strategic culture they're also
lacking a strong military industrial
complex India buys the majority of their
weapons from other nations this gives
them both an economic and technological
disadvantage if you're buying more than
50% of your military equipment from
Russia you're not going to have a better
equipped military than Russia but with
all of that said things are not as bad
for India as they may seem India is
believed to have a more experienced and
better trained Navy than China and one
more aircraft carrier they also have
better relationships with other naval
powers like South Korea Japan and the
u.s. India conducts more joint naval
exercises with the US than it does with
any other nation they also have a
nuclear arsenal with rockets capable of
hitting most areas of China all of which
act as a deterrent against Chinese
aggression so again with all of that
said how powerful is India and how much
of a threat do they pose to Global's to
bill
well they have the fourth most powerful
military by strength the tenth largest
economy by size and they could pose a
legitimate threat to global stability
primarily because of their location
India sits between China Southeast Asia
and the Middle East
they are currently engaged in border
disputes with both China and Pakistan
plus a less than covert guerrilla war
with Pakistan which occasionally
includes direct military combat in
Kashmir if a large-scale war were to
break out with China South Asia or a Far
Eastern nation like Pakistan there is a
good chance that India would be involved
to find out more about other nations and
how powerful they really are please
click our strength of nations playlist
china also has a low standard of living
in a low gdp per capita ranking 93rd in
the world so there wholly reliant on
exporting goods to countries with higher
average annual incomes per capita this
inhibits their ability to generate their
own economy and it makes them more
susceptible to competition from the rest
of the developing world and thanks for
watching
please subscribe
