the US government is forming an
international coalition to combat the
Islamic state also known as Isis Turkey
recently joined that coalition but they
were initially very reluctant to do so
something that doesn't make a whole lot
of sense at first glance turkey shares a
border with Syria and Iraq they're
presumably against Isis's extremist
actions and beliefs and they're somewhat
friendly to US interests so why were
they so reluctant to join the fight
well there may have been multiple
reasons initially turkey was reluctant
to join out of concern over the safety
of their citizens
until recently Isis was holding 49
Turkish diplomats and security personnel
hostage Turkey listed the safety of
these hostages as their primary reason
for not wanting to attack Isis the
hostages have since been released but
that doesn't change the fact that
hostage taking and terrorist attacks are
legitimate concerns Turkey also has a
long history with both Syria and Iraq
one that involves a lot of distrust and
conflict for example Isis expanded into
Syria during the Syrian civil war which
is being fought between rebel groups
inside of Syria and the Syrian
government led by Bashar al-assad some
of those rebel groups were trained
funded and armed by Turkey who wanted to
overthrow Assad's government Turkey may
have been reluctant to join in against
Isis because eliminating them could
potentially benefit Assad they may have
also been reluctant because of their
financial relationship with Isis it's
estimated that Isis is smuggling 15
million dollars worth of oil every month
through Turkey some reports indicate
that Isis and the people they're working
with in Turkey aren't really even trying
to hide their activities they may be
building pipelines in broad daylight the
implication is that turkey could stop
them but isn't possibly for financial
gains Turkey also has cultural interests
inside of Isis territory namely the tomb
of Suleiman which is an important
Turkish cultural site and sovereign
exclave of Turkey that's currently
surrounded by Isis controlled territory
Turkey may have been reluctant to enter
the fight out of concern over the site
and the troops they have guarding it in
addition to all of this is the fact that
Turkey like a lot of countries in the
region
is suspicious of the United States to
some degree and thus was less than
comfortable with the idea of joining a
u.s. run coalition turkey did eventually
sign on but to get an idea for why other
nations may never feel comfortable
enough to do so click here to watch our
episode on the complicated relationship
between the United States and Iran and
remember we upload new videos five days
a week so please subscribe
