as of September 18th there were over
5,300 cases of Ebola in West Africa and
more than 2,600 deaths last month the
w-h-o estimated that we could see 20,000
people infected before this is all over
in a worst-case scenario according to an
estimate by the CDC 1.4 million people
in Liberia and Sierra Leone alone could
end up with the disease so how did we
get here and why is this outbreak so
hard to contain well it doesn't actually
have that much to do with the disease
itself yes a bola is contagious and yes
there is no cure but that has always
been the case with Ebola then other
outbreaks haven't been nearly this
widespread because other outbreaks
haven't happened in this part of West
Africa stopping Ebola is all about
containing it there is no cure but the
disease runs its course relatively
quickly so if you can identify the
infected and maintain a well resourced
to medical quarantine you can get the
outbreak under control a plan that works
in places like Uganda which has a
history with Ebola an informed public
and a medical system capable of
identifying and quarantine the disease
Uganda had an outbreak in 2012 that only
affected 24 people and ran its course in
less than four months West Africa
doesn't have any of these advantages it
is an extremely poor part of the world
with high illiteracy rate and for
medical resources according to some
reports they spend less than $100 per
year per citizen on health as such
informing the general public about the
disease is difficult and equipping the
medical community to fight it has been
almost impossible something as basic as
rubber gloves isn't a guarantee in many
medical facilities to make matters worse
there is an extremely active rumour mill
in West Africa spreading harmfulness
information about the disease and
distrust of aid workers some West
African communities think that Ebola can
be cured homeopathic aliy by using hot
water and salt or by ingesting hot
chocolate other West Africans believe
that Ebola is a government trick to get
more Western aid still others think that
Western health workers are intentionally
spreading the disease
and some communities are actively
preventing Western intervention in one
tragic incident in Guinea eight aid
workers distributing health information
were killed by panic to locals the
situation is bad in the CDC's worst case
scenario is alarming but that scenario
is based on there being no further aid
or intervention to contain Ebola in West
Africa which isn't the case the
international community is already
getting involved and some headway is
being made to find out what exactly they
are doing please subscribe now we will
be releasing part two of this story
tomorrow subscribing is the best way to
get that information to you
