politicians have their own ideals and
plans for how America should be run and
it may not sound like they're talking
about money when they're campaigning but
the whole Democrat versus Republican
thing is really about where American tax
dollars should be going
so before you dive in on either side it
might be a good idea to get a handle on
how we the people are currently spending
our tax dollars before we start there is
a quick thing to note these numbers are
from 2013 and do not include Social
Security or Medicare the money for those
programs is determined by the Federal
Insurance Contributions Act tax and not
the annual budget so politicians can't
do much to change the amount of taxes
that go to those programs here are the
programs that the federal budget does
touch around eight cents on every dollar
goes toward paying interest on our debt
this is another one that's largely
non-negotiable but it's a significant
amount and worth mentioning here
seventeen cents out of every dollar is
spent on government programs like
subsidizing and supporting agriculture
commerce transportation and governmental
administration or on science and space
technology things like NASA and the
National Science Foundation
International Affairs which includes
things like the State Department and all
non-military four and eight some of the
budget goes to responding to natural
disasters or to community and regional
development which includes things like
waste disposal and urban development
that $0.17 also goes to the environment
including the parks department and
managing our natural resources and
energy development or to immigration
border control and the Justice
Department we also have a program for
education and jobs training all of that
combined accounts for the 17 cents out
of every income tax dollar and when you
think about how many important programs
we just mentioned it really doesn't seem
like a lot so where is the real money
going around 50% of our budget goes
toward keeping our citizens healthy and
out of poverty which is a pretty good
place for it to be almost 19 cents on
every dollar is spent on jobs and family
security things like unemployment
insurance food assistance housing
assistance federal retirement funds
foster care and Temporary Assistance for
Needy Families veterans benefits also
fall into this portion
of the budget they account for an
additional six cents on every dollar in
health care programs like Medicaid
Disease Control and numerous others
account for an additional 25 cents again
that's half the budget the well-being of
our citizenship is something that most
politicians can get behind something
else most politicians can get behind is
national defense which accounts for
almost one-quarter of our national
budget but before you get upset about
how we are spending almost as much on
the military as we are on medical
services let's talk a little bit about
where that defense budget actually goes
yes the majority of it is spent on
building weapons and conducting military
operations but five point nine seven
percent of it goes toward personnel
salaries and benefits that six cents is
literally how we are supporting our
troops some of that defense budget is
also going towards maintaining our
nuclear defense capabilities and another
portion of it is going to defense
related FBI activities plus the US
military has almost sixteen thousand
square miles of bases and facilities to
maintain so that twenty four point seven
nine percent isn't all going towards
bombs and invasions some of it is just
there to maintain the troops bases and
equipment we already have if you found
this video informative please subscribe
to the show subscribing is the best way
to get these videos to you and make sure
that you see all five of our videos that
we put out each week
