23 states and the District of Columbia
have legalized or decriminalized
marijuana two states Washington and
Colorado have made it legal for
recreational use which is the ultimate
goal for groups trying to fully legalize
weed Colorado did this more than eight
months ago and the numbers are in so we
can finally look at some of the effects
of legalizing weed
first off let's look at the Givens
legalizing weed adds tax revenue that's
obvious Colorado expects a ninety eight
million dollar jump in tax revenue from
weed sales this year alone legalizing
weed also adds jobs it's estimated by
the marijuana industry groups at about
ten thousand people now work in the weed
industry in Colorado nearly 2,000 of
which started in the first half of this
year most were already working in
Colorado's medical marijuana industry
prior to 2014 and the weed industry only
accounts for about 0.04 percent of
Colorado's workforce so those numbers
shouldn't be overblown but sales are
good and further job growth is expected
those are the things that we know for
sure and they have a direct causal
relationship to the change in the law
but there are also things that we can't
directly tie to law
these have a corollary relationship but
are still worth mentioning as they may
Olay some fears anti legalization groups
feared that legalizing recreational weed
would lead to an increase in driving
fatalities there is no direct evidence
of that in fact the number of driving
fatalities were down in the first half
of 2014 they also feared there would be
an increase in hard drug use again
people are actually using less hard
drugs now than they were ten years ago
they feared that more high school aged
kids would be smoking weed again no and
they feared that there would be a spike
in violent crime and crime in general
there hasn't been the crime rate is
actually trending down so does that mean
weed makes our highways and schools and
streets safer no like I said there's no
direct connection between legalizing
recreational marijuana and any of these
statistics so are there any proven
negatives to come out of these first
eight months yes sort of not really
there is some anecdotal evidence that
the general public isn't quite ready for
edible marijuana one man ate edible
marijuana and then shot his wife another
man ate edible marijuana and then fell
off a balcony the police think that
marijuana played a role in both
incidents and the number of children who
have been admitted to Children's
Hospital Colorado in Aurora due to
consumption of marijuana in the first
six months of the year is already more
than all of last year
again this evidence is largely anecdotal
but it has been enough for the state to
start looking at its THC limits and
labeling requirements for edible goods
on the whole the experiment appears to
be a success but we won't know for sure
until it has been in practice for many
more years if you like this and you want
to learn more stuff with me check out my
other show dnews where I cover a cool
science stuff like this whether or not
marijuana is addictive a new study
released in the Journal of addiction
medicine has found that yes marijuana
can be addicting the study included 127
adolescents who are undergoing
outpatient treatment for substance abuse
and for most of them marijuana was their
drug of choice
