Iceland is about to see seven tourists
for every one resident so how did the
island become one of the world's most
popular tourist destinations from 2008
to 2011 Iceland received more negative
publicity than ever before hit by the
global financial crisis the entire
banking system collapsed in its worst
economic crash in history then in 2010 a
series of local volcanic eruptions
created a massive ash cloud shutting
down a huge portion of European air
traffic affecting as many as 10 million
travelers at the start of this downturn
passengers coming to Iceland's airports
dropped by roughly 30 percent crippling
an already fledgling industry in light
of these setbacks the country's tourism
board saw an opportunity to use this
newfound publicity to embark on the
biggest foreign advertising campaign
country had ever seen they first
produced a series of promotional videos
called inspired by Iceland depicting
beautiful nature food art and culture as
well as live streams of some of the
country's most iconic locations there is
also a huge increase in tours
countrywide providing the infrastructure
necessary to support the jump in tourism
but perhaps most importantly two major
airlines Iceland air and Wow air began
offering budget flights to Iceland some
promotions were as low as $99 each way
in 2016 down from as much as fifteen
hundred dollars just years earlier
Iceland was also able to play into
travelers fears about political
instability elsewhere the country has
been named the safest in the world by
the Global Peace Index for six years
running meanwhile Europe and other
popular destinations have actually seen
a drop-off in tourism although a huge
risk the promote Iceland campaign paid
off just the number of American tourists
jumped by more than 500 percent between
2010 and 2016 today this industry
indirectly constitutes roughly 27% of
Iceland's more than 16 billion dollar
GDP more the quarter of jobs in the
country are also supported by tourism in
total roughly 2 million tourists visited
Iceland in 2016 an incredible number for
a population of just three hundred and
thirty-five thousand around the world
other countries are taking note and
following in Iceland's footsteps
Thailand Switzerland and Greenland have
begun promoting their countries on
Instagram
producing more Internet content to
drawing tourists others have taken
advantage of film and television to get
their country on the map not unlike the
way Iceland agreed to serve as the
backdrop for HBO's Game of Thrones
concept known as screen tourism New
Zealand is similarly famous for its role
in the Lord of the Rings series which
bumped tourism in the country by 50%
since the films were released but while
the economic benefits are massive
tourism does come with its own long-term
drawbacks for example infrastructure
improvements are necessary to make
transportation and accommodation more
appealing to travelers but governments
usually don't see profit from these
investments for many years and can even
cause them to go into debt tourists
themselves are not necessarily focused
on making a country better higher costs
to foreigners can lead to displacement
of locals and gentrification even in
Iceland this is a problem as young
people have since been priced out of the
country's capital and entire buildings
are purchased solely to rent on Airbnb
as accommodations for tourists
additionally tourism brings pollution
climate change and degradation of
natural sites
not only is there increased carbon
dioxide from travel vehicles such as
trains planes and automobiles but also
popular vacation spots known for their
beauty can be destroyed by having too
many visitors coral reefs for example
are damaged all around the world
by recreational scuba divers and
snorkelers many of whom are tourists in
Iceland the increase in visitors has
even led to an increase in traffic
violations as tourists allegedly look at
the aurora borealis in the sky rather
than keeping their eyes on the road
clearly there are drawbacks in 83% of
developing countries tourism is a key
economic force driving growth in just 17
years earning from tourism in developing
countries jumped from fifty billion
dollars to two hundred and sixty billion
but those countries may not be ready to
deal with a flood of tourists should
they get as lucky as Iceland while
Iceland can serve as a model for
successful tours and advertising and
investment it's not without risks some
countries may see the same success as
Iceland but others should be wary of the
pitfalls associated with a tourism boom
we can't do episodes like this without
our sponsors if you're looking for
nutritionists approved snacks that never
use GMO ingredients trans fats
artificial colors or flavors
check out grace calm grace calm combines
wholesome ingredients with the flavors
we all love to create over a hundred
exciting snacks go-to grace calm and
under promo code seeker to get a free
my box if you want to know what life is
really like in Iceland you can check out
this video right here thanks for
watching seeker daily don't forget to
Like and subscribe
