in October 2011 during the Arab Spring
Moammar Gaddafi was overthrown and
killed by anti-gaddafi forces this
officially liberated the country but the
fighting didn't end now almost three
years later the violence may actually be
getting worse the u.s. has closed its
embassy there and just this week the
United Arab Emirates along with help
from Egypt conducted secret airstrikes
inside the country so what is currently
going on in Libya
and who's on which side well the
fighters in this conflict generally fall
into two groups those who want a
democratically elected central
government and those who oppose that
idea which seems to imply that there is
a unified central government in Libya
when in reality there isn't the central
government itself is currently in flux
and this is nothing new for Libya since
2011 the country has had three different
governmental structures they were
initially run by the National
Transitional Council this is the group
that defeated Gadhafi and controlled the
country until elections could be
established then after the 2012
elections power was handed over to the
general National Congress this was
established by popular vote and highly
influenced by the Muslim Brotherhood
after an 18-month period the general
National Congress was unable to
establish a constitution or a stable
leadership so in the following elections
held this June the people voted to
replace the general National Congress
with a new government body called the
House of Representatives as of August
25th this was the new central government
in Libya but the general National
Congress has refused to recognize it so
there may soon be two separate
Parliament's and two separate Prime
Minister's vying for power in Libya on
top of all of this most of the central
government's military forces are led by
general Khalifa Haftar they mostly
operate outside of governmental control
and may have recently organized a failed
military coup in short it's a mess but
it's still better organized than the
last group are about to discuss
Libya is rife with Islamic militant
groups regional militias and foreign
terrorist networks all of which are
fighting for control of different parts
of the country they sometimes unite for
larger operations like their recent
takeover of a major airport in Tripoli
but they all have their own leadership
and allegiances that is the general
state of things in Libya with all of
that said you may still be wondering on
which side Egypt and the United Arab
Emirates fall well the new Egyptian
government the United Arab Emirates and
Saudi Arabia have all been very active
in the region recently trying to combat
the rising tide of Islamic
fundamentalism currently their policy is
to stay out of disputes inside the
Libyan government but they're more than
open to fighting against anti-government
fundamentalist groups who they see is a
threat to the stability of their own
countries which explains why they're
carrying out airstrikes in Tripoli they
aren't fighting the Libyan government or
general Javier's troops they're fighting
fundamentalist forces for their own
purposes to hear more about this or
other international news please click
here now or click the playlist to see
our whole world at war series and
remember we upload new videos five days
a week so if you'd like to subscribe and
support the show in the process just
click the red box at the bottom of the
video player
you
