thousands of protesters have occupied
the center of Pakistan's capital
Islamabad and are calling for the
resignation of Prime Minister Nawaz
Sharif at the time of this recording the
protests are peaceful but Sharif is
called on the Army for added security as
tensions are still high before we get
into how this all started there are a
few things worth mentioning about
Pakistani politics Pakistan is a
parliamentary democracy with a long
history of instability the military in
Pakistan is largely independent of the
government and has a history of
installing new leadership through
military coos the most recent example
was in 1999 when the military ousted
then Prime Minister Sharif yes the same
Sharif and they installed general pervez
musharraf in his place Musharraf was in
charge until he relinquished his army
post in 2007 after which he lost the
2008 elections Musharraf is currently on
trial for treason stemming from when he
declared emergency rule and suspended
the Constitution at the tail end of his
time in power something that the
Pakistani Supreme Court is taking very
seriously
despite their former head being on trial
for treason the Pakistani military is
still highly influential even though
they're no longer in charge since
Musharraf left office the country has
had to democratically held national
elections in the recent 2013 election
Prime Minister Sharif's party won the
most votes which is how he ended up in
charge the current campaign against
Sharif is led by former cricket player
turned politician Imran Khan and Muslim
cleric to hero Kadri Khan's movement for
justice party who received the second
most votes in the 2013 elections is
spearheading the current protest
movement cadres Pakistan Peoples
movement wasn't much of a factor during
the elections but has since amassed a
large and passionate youth following
countrywide due to cadres education and
welfare programs the protesters are
upset about unemployment inflation slow
economic growth the increased militancy
of Sharif's regime and basic things like
lack of public services in an
inconsistent power grid they're also
questioning Sharif's legitimacy as prime
minister and accusing him of rigging
elections even though there is some
truth to all of their claims those
aren't the only elements you should be
aware of
fifty-five percent of Pakistan's
population is under 35 a large number of
which are underemployed many of them
distrust Shrieve because he's one of the
nation's wealthiest men and he's
thoroughly entrenched in the Pakistani
political system
this is his second separate time in
office as Prime Minister and to some
particularly Khan's followers Sharif
represents the broken system and
everything else that's been wrong with
the country that would be the entire
story if there are only two sides
involved but as we mentioned the
Pakistani military also holds a lot of
influence there are claims by some that
the protest movement is partially
supported by the military they claim
that while the military doesn't want to
seize power directly they also don't
want Sharif to amass any more power or
gain a clear mandate if you found this
video informative please subscribe and
remember we cover both international and
domestic issues click here to see an
episode on the current crisis in
Palestine in light of the frequency of
incidents it may be good to focus on the
conflict as a whole instead of the
recent activities so let's go back how
did this all start or click the other
box to see our video about the
underlying social issues that caused the
protests in Ferguson Missouri
you
