this year two news anchors one in the UK
and one in the US quit their jobs at
Russian run television networks because
they were no longer willing to pass off
false information and other Russian
propaganda as news instead of getting
mired down in the truth in media debate
or picking apart each individual news
story let's just look at what we know
about Russian public opinion is the
Russian public version of world events
different than the West's let's start
with a shooting down of Malaysia
Airlines flight 17 over Ukraine this
past July according to the recent polls
by the Levada Center 82 percent of
Russians believe mh17 was brought down
by a Ukrainian fighter plane or missile
and only three percent believe that
Russian separatists were to blame for
the crash most of the rest of the world
including the UN and the US believe that
Russian separatists were responsible for
the attack a belief that's led to
increased international sanctions on
Russia which is basically the
international diplomacy equivalent of a
guilty verdict in addition according to
the Russian public opinion Research
Center 43 percent of Russians believe
that the conflict in Ukraine was caused
by Western actions and 38 percent blame
Western leaders for further escalating
it meanwhile 61 percent of Americans
polled by CBS don't want the u.s. to get
involved in the conflict at all meaning
Americans don't see themselves as part
of this conflict and they'd like to keep
it that way in the midst of all this 87
percent of Russians approve of Putin and
66 percent believe that Russia is moving
in the right direction obviously the
Western world disagrees 1/3 of Germans
pulled by the Forsett Institute fear
that if Russia continues on its current
path a war could break out between
Russia and NATO
according to recent Gallup polls more
than 69 percent of Americans have an
unfavorable opinion of Putin 68 percent
now see Russia as a potential enemy and
50 percent think the US and Russia are
heading towards another Cold War if all
of these disparities are to be believed
then there's a clear disconnect between
the information that Russian people are
getting in the information that's
getting to the rest of the world right
now 90 percent of Russians are closely
following news coverage of the crisis in
Ukraine 76 percent of them think that
Russian state-run media
a reliable source for news we'll only 5%
think that Western media is reliable
granted Western media and governments
have all had their own issues with the
truth and all of the information in this
report comes from various media groups
and polling centers all of which could
have their own agendas and influence on
public opinion so it's impossible to say
with complete certainty what the Russian
public really believes if you're Russian
and you have an opinion on this please
let us know in the comments below and if
you found this video informative please
do us a favor and subscribe we release 5
new videos a week so subscribing is the
absolute best way to make sure you see
them all
