al Qaeda has been dominating the
narrative surrounding terrorism for the
majority of our post 9/11 era recently
that narrative has expanded to include
groups like Isis and Boko Haram but even
that is just a fraction of the story
terrorism is an enormous and pervasive
problem worldwide so to illustrate that
point here are a few terrorist groups
that have been active this year that the
general public may not even be aware of
Al Shabaab last month the Somalian
terrorist group killed 50 people in a
single attack on a Kenyan resort town
some of the people killed were watching
the World Cup at the time so the story
did make it onto a few US news feeds but
the group has existed since the mid
2000s they've been affiliated with al
Qaeda since 2012 and they were the
target of US drone attacks in 2013 still
the general public is largely unaware of
this group another recently active
terrorist group is the League of the
righteous in Iraq they're an extremist
Shia group that killed 33 people in a
brothel in baghdad recently reportedly
scrawling this is the fate of any
prostitute on a door of the building
this made some headlines in the u.s.
because of the brothel angle but the
general public continues to be unaware
of this group finally there exists a
group called the Turkestan Islamic party
in the Shin Jung region of China this
past April they killed four people and
injured another 79 in one organized
attack involving knife attacks and
bombing this group is recognized by the
US and the UN as a terrorist group some
reports claim that they've committed
well over 200 terrorist attacks in the
1990s alone so why haven't we heard of
these terrorist groups or the hundreds
of others out there the sad truth is we
generally don't hear about terrorist
groups from poor or war-torn nations we
also don't hear about the smaller
terrorist groups in places like Iraq
that already have bigger more well-known
terrorist groups and we generally don't
hear about those from world powers with
tight media restrictions like China or
Russia which by the way was hit with at
least 31 terrorist attacks in 2013
terrorism is a huge global problem and
it's gotten so big that were not even
able to keep up with all of it
to see our episode on an issue closer to
home click now to find out how Chicago
ended up with so much gang violence the
city also has a population problem
almost two hundred thousand people have
left Chicago since 2000 and the effects
have been devastated or click on the
other box to see our episode on the
conflict in Israel and Palestine
remember we have new videos five days a
week so please subscribe
