the First Amendment protects our freedom
of religion but it doesn't say anything
about how a group in the US legally goes
from being an organization to being a
religion so how does that work well the
short answer is it doesn't there is no
actual way for the u.s. government to
legally recognize a religion but Tara
with Hobby Lobby the Supreme Court said
no let me explain
the First Amendment states that Congress
shall make no law respecting an
establishment of religion or prohibiting
the free exercise thereof so outside of
acknowledging that religions exist the
amendment doesn't give the government
the power to do anything it just gives
them the obligation to not do things
namely establish or prohibit religion by
implication it also prevents the
government from elevating any one
religion over another because that would
count as establishing one religion and
by extension prohibiting another so they
can't even make a list of approved
religions which begs the question how
can you protect the rights of something
you can't officially recognize that's
the thing about the US Constitution it's
designed to protect the rights of US
citizens including their freedom of
religion but it's not designed to
protect their specific religion and it's
definitely not designed to protect their
religious institution it's the
difference between protecting someone's
belief in Catholicism and protecting the
Catholic Church you see the Supreme
Court sees religion as a sincere and
meaningful belief that occupies in the
life of its possessor a place parallel
to the place held by God in the lives of
other persons and that is what the
freedom of religion protects your right
to believe and practice whatever
religion you want if an organization is
using those beliefs and practices to
form a religion that's fine but it's
those beliefs and practices that are
being protected not that religious
organization so there's no legal
official way to become religion but
there doesn't have to be all religious
beliefs big or small are protected so
pray on prayer if you want to hear how
freedom of religion is implemented in
the real world then watch our video on
the recent Hobby Lobby ruling by the
Supreme Court the Supreme Court recently
ruled that Hobby Lobby has the right to
limit what contraceptives are offered in
its employees health care
plan a decision that some people are
calling a win for religious rights and
others are calling a loss for women's
rights and if you found the show
informative please subscribe remember we
release new episodes five days a week so
any help we can get spreading the word
is much appreciated
