in response to recent advances by the
militant jihadist group Isis the United
States is sending 300 military advisers
to Iraq if you're anything like me
you're thinking military advisors a rock
is this just a less scary way of saying
we're sending troops back into a rock
from what we can tell yes
these are troops our best troops in fact
they are highly trained Navy SEALs and
Army Rangers and yes a lot of them have
prior experience fighting in Iraq so
technically speaking we are sending
troops back into the country but
militarily speaking no we are not
sending troops back to Iraq by
definition a military advisor is a
soldier sent to a foreign nation to help
that nation's military they are not an
invading force they assist with things
like training organization and strength
assessment they'll even help that nation
plan attacks and other military actions
behind the scenes so they are not at war
with anybody but the history of military
advisors is long and their success rate
changes mission to mission the US was
very successful after World War Two in
Germany in Japan when we sent military
advisers to help rebuild those countries
we were much less successful in South
Vietnam in the 1950s and 60s when we
sent military advisers to help quell the
expansion of communism and the story of
advisors in Vietnam may inform us on how
things could go with the current plans
in Iraq see in 1955 President Eisenhower
sent 700 military advisers to the nation
to help their forces combat North
Vietnamese aggression much like we're
sending advisors to Iraq to help combat
Isis
unfortunately Eisenhower's plan wasn't
working and in 1961 President Kennedy
sent an additional 500 military advisors
and by 1964 we had 23,000 soldiers on
the ground at Vietnam and they were
actively engaging with the enemy they're
men who are called and by
but who are in the thick of the battles
against the vietcong Reds eventually we
became fully engaged in Vietnam and we
all know how things went from there now
sending military advisors to a country
does not mean that you're going to war
but it does put your nation one step
closer to a real conflict if you'd like
to learn more information about Isis
click now to see our video about the
havoc they're creating in Syria in Iraq
Saddam Hussein was a secularist Isis on
the other hand is a militant jihadist
group that wants strict Sharia law this
was not the desire of Hussein's regime
although there are signs that some of
Saddam's former forces are currently
working with Isis and if you're looking
for something a little less terrifying
check out our episode on real-life kings
and queens we'll be putting out new
episodes 5 days a week so please
subscribe thanks for watching
