lethal injections have been in the news
a lot lately and it's never about who's
getting executed or whether or not
people should even be executed it's all
about the weird chemical cocktails and
procedural minutiae they use for it so
why should you care
well there's one simple reason all this
lethal injection stuff really boils down
to the Eighth Amendment so what stops
the government from committing cruel and
unusual punishment including torture now
some of you are thinking we've done
lethal injections in the past and they
were never considered cruel or unusual
so why are we asking this question now
thing is back then our normal or usual
injection included three parts first
part was sodium thiopental which knocks
the prisoner out another drug that
relaxes their muscles and stops their
breathing any third drug which stops
their heart altogether ultimately
killing them it's pretty dark but that's
just the way we've been doing things
nowadays that first part sodium
thiopental is no longer on the market so
states cannot kill people using the
usual method instead it they have to get
a replacement drug from compound
pharmacies which are largely unregulated
these drugs are a new element in the
lethal injection cocktail and they're
also untested so no one can say for sure
that they don't inflict undue pain so
potentially they could be both cruel and
unusual which is not only bad it's
illegal adding to all of this some
states have secrecy laws in place so the
public and more shockingly be inmates
have no way of knowing what exactly is
in their lethal injection cocktail again
this is a possible violation of the
Eighth Amendment since getting painfully
killed by the government via mystery
liquid is probably one of the most
extreme versions of cruel and unusual
punishment so until all these secrecy
laws are worked out or ruled
unconstitutional and all of these new
drug cocktails are tested and found to
be humane you're going to keep hearing
about it as well you should you may even
want to talk about it yourself which is
a-okay because these are our rights
to see another test-tube episode click
here now and watch trace get to the
bottom of why the Boy Scouts of America
is keeping out gay Scout leaders it's a
mess but it's not as mean-spirited as
you may think like the church they are
slow moving when it comes to cultural
changes though they are doing
quote-unquote Studies on the question
and even pulled their membership about
it last January also please subscribe
and share this video online it's a new
show and we would love to get as many
eyes on it as possible as always thanks
for watching
