hey guys Anthony here for test-tube its
world space week and if you've ever seen
a story on the news about an asteroid
narrowly avoiding the earth and wondered
who is watching out for these things
what's these guys at the Chabot
Observatory in Oakland California they
use some incredibly technical equipment
to get some amazing astrophotography
we're going to go find out how they do
it and if any of those skills translate
into things that US hobbyist
photographers can use at home
I'm here with Gerald who's one of the
astronomers here at the observatory and
this is one of the three telescopes that
you guys have this is the oldest of the
three can you tell us a little bit about
it right this is our oldest telescope
call Leia Leia was built in 1883
even back then 1883 there was still
equipment on here to take Astro
photography that's right right back then
they use glass plates with an emulsion
on it and so what was the process like
if you wanted to take a picture you
start out by putting the telescope at
the object that you want to look at then
you took these glass plates you put on a
frame that was on the back end of the
camera and then you open the front end
of the camera left it open for a long
period of time and then you close it up
and then go develop the emotion and
hopefully get a nice picture of some
national object okay so this is Nellie
this is no way this is the newest
telescope notice what Nellie is 10 years
old if you're looking to take a photo
with Nellie what do you do well most of
the time the way we do it is we actually
take the eyepiece off and we mount the
camera on here take your DSLR put the
adapter on it's just a clear - there's
no lenses or anything like that but it's
made so it will fit into the base of the
telescope so that right in there so what
are we pointed out right now so right
now we're looking at the ring nebula the
ling nebula is a cloud of gas and dust
surrounding an old star that has
collapsed it's at the end of its life so
we're all set up here to take pictures
all you need to do start it
okay so we got my picture from my camera
and it turned out awesome but I cannot
imagine that you guys are hooking
consumer cameras up to your
million-dollar telescope when you're
tracking near-earth objects that's a go
to NASA right right yeah we use a little
bit more sophisticated camera this is
one of several different models of these
astronomical cameras we'll put that on
here just like we had your camera we're
a fairly good focus now okay there's an
asteroid we might want to take a look at
it yeah let's do that
yes okay so we plugged in the
coordinates and we're ready to go
so it's going to make a small move so
now we just sit back and watch the
picture that's it dude
oh snap we found an asteroid
so now that we have found and tracked
the asteroid what happens as Gerald
sends the data to the Minor Planet
Center at Cambridge University
astronomers from all over the world are
doing the same thing they're comparing
and sharing data and better figuring out
where all of these objects are and where
they're moving I want to thank Shabbo
for having us out and showing us how
they use astrophotography if you guys
want to see more space videos head to
test-tube comm slash space
