Jakarta is sinking fast and it's not the
only city in the world undergoing this
particular crisis places from New
Orleans to Venice to Miami to Mexico
City have been the subject of much media
attention in recent years for becoming
increasingly submerged by rising sea
levels but due to its vulnerable coasts
and rapidly expanding population
Southeast Asia is actually bearing the
brunt of the problem and cities like
Bangkok Ho Chi Minh City and Manila are
some of the most affected but no major
city is sinking faster than Jakarta
where some areas are sinking an average
of roughly 10 inches per year that's
like almost this much and we wanted to
know how that happened
so we're digging into the question how
did Jakarta become the world's fastest
sinking city and will it be able to rise
out of this under Dutch colonial rule
from the late 1600s to the mid 1900s
Jakarta which was an advantageous Lee
situated trading hub on the coast grew
congested with interweaving roads and
canals the Dutch built canals to
facilitate efficient transportation and
keep flooding under control in the city
which saw heavy annual rainfall and also
had 13 rivers feeding into it but due to
poor upkeep by the city over the course
of decades these canals have become
clogged polluted and often stagnant
contributing to flooding rather than
alleviating it after the country gained
independence in the mid 20th century the
population boomed almost immediately the
number of residents grew to about 1.4
million by 1950 up from 115,000 in 1900
and it just kept growing
Pryor's of this population growth there
were relatively few major floods on
record but since the 90s they've
occurred every five years or so a
phenomenon that some experts attribute
in part to this rapid urban growth and
these often results in dozens of deaths
today the city proper has a population
of over ten million and the larger
metropolitan area of Jakarta is home to
a whopping estimated 30 million
according to the government's data
that's fourteen thousand four hundred
and sixty-nine people per square
kilometre four thousand more people per
square kilometre
New York City Jakarta has transformed
into a concrete jungle much of the land
that once boasted fields and mangroves
to absorb the rain and protect the coast
from floods is now jammed with asphalt
freeways and skyscrapers and gridlock
hasn't locked just the people in but
water to here's how researchers mainly
associate jacquard is rapid syncing with
subsidence this occurs when groundwater
is extracted causing layers of rock and
sediment to compact and businesses and
individuals are extracting a lot of
groundwater because the government isn't
providing clean piped water to a huge
portion of the city meanwhile local
rivers are overflowing with pollution so
building wells to pump from aquifers
deep underground is some residents only
solution today the government only can
provide less than 40 percent of the
needs of the water here the government
is still failed to fulfill the 60% of
the medium so people looking from the
groundwater
Harry Andreas is a local researcher
who's been studying subsided sinja Carta
for more than two decades he says in the
northern part of the city where the land
is sinking most quickly researchers have
observed more than 13 feet of subsidence
since 1985 that's about as much height
as the largest elephants an urbanization
certainly hasn't helped the city cope so
not only is it easier for water to get
into the city but there's almost nowhere
for it to drain our calculated in 2050
95% of coastal Jakarta will be below the
sea when everyday is flooded with the
dirty water so it's affecting also the
human lives in the health in the social
also in the economy yeah
and Jakarta isn't the only area affected
within the country ondrea's points out
that flooding has been even worse along
the northern coast of Java the
anything in Doha yeah yeah
topics are mobile we do and recently a
tsunami triggered by a 7.5 magnitude
earthquake devastated the coastal town
of Paulo subsequent flooding and other
disasters led to more than 1,200 deaths
and that toll is expected to rise this
all comes as a major UN climate report
warns that even a half degree of
additional warming could bring sea-level
rise to coastlines affecting 10 million
people currently some Joe cartons feel
little to no impact of the sinking as
it's occurring in large areas slowly
over time but for others who live along
the coast the issue can affect people's
daily lives an income inequality can be
a big determining factor aundrea says
some wealthier families actually rebuild
parts of their homes every 10 years or
so to make them taller for the poor
people here they have to adapt yeah the
water is many times passing through
their home so they have to leave with
their evictions have also become more
common as the government forcibly
removes low-income people from
waterfront villages allegedly to protect
residents from floods but many believe
it's the government's attempt at
clearing the way for more profitable
infrastructure like luxury apartments
the Jakarta legal aid Institute reported
that almost 14,000 families were evicted
throughout 2015 and 2016
so without relying on removing people
what other options does the city have
many solutions have been proposed
including digging holes in the soil and
filling them with organic matter like
leaves to make it more porous
reintroducing reservoirs and mangroves
into paved parts of the city and even
building a forty billion dollar giant
seawall the government has already put
up small sea walls or dikes in recent
years to protect the coast but though
they've provided temporary help some are
already cracking or even overflowing but
to get at the root of the problem and
stop the sinking experts say groundwater
pumping must be stopped or at least
significantly reduced
that means the government will need to
enforce regulations against pumping as
well as take responsibility for
supplying clean piped water to the whole
city corruption and limited trust in
government add to the list of obstacles
including financial ones that make this
a massive undertaking
despite the tall order it may be the
only long-term solution with the
potential to keep the city afloat is
your city's thinking we want to know how
different governments across the world
are responding to these crises so let us
know in the comments and if you learned
something don't forget to hit that like
and subscribe button
