terrorist strikes in the West get
wall-to-wall coverage in mainstream
media in 2016 attacks in Brussels nice
and Orlando made headlines for weeks in
even months so it may come as a surprise
that these countries actually see far
fewer terrorist attacks than others
which got us thinking which countries
experienced the most hair last year
first it's important to define a terror
attack as an intentional act of violence
that includes an economic social or
religious goal and is not directly
within the scope of an act of war we're
also looking at information from 2016
since 2017 data isn't available yet
throughout 2016 seventy-five percent of
terror attacks took place in just ten
countries third on the list is India in
2016 India saw more than 1,000 terror
attacks predominantly in the disputed
Jammu Kashmir region parts of which are
claimed by India Pakistan and even China
one event that grabbed headlines was an
attack against the Indian military by an
extremist group known as lashkar-e-taiba
the attack left more than 20 people dead
the group which is based in Pakistan and
originally funded by Osama bin Laden was
also responsible for the deadly 2008
Mumbai attacks India has also struggled
with left-wing terrorism a Naxalite
Maoist group called the Communist Party
of India has been fighting the
government since 2004 particularly in
poorer regions of the country the
second-most terrorized country was
Afghanistan with about 1,600 attacks in
2016 in October of that year a Taliban
attack in Kunduz killed over a hundred
and fifty people according to testimony
in the US House Foreign Affairs
Committee terrorism in Afghanistan is on
the rise although the United States
invasion of Afghanistan in 2001 was able
to topple the militant leadership of the
Taliban many of its fighters fled to
neighbouring Pakistan or broke off into
splinter groups other groups like the
Islamic state of Afghanistan and
al-qaeda are also operating in regions
lacking government or military oversight
across the board terrorism in
Afghanistan is focused on removing the
USS presence and re-establishing a
militant Islam
and last we have a rock which comes in
as the most terrorized country in 2016
with more terrorist attacks in India and
Afghanistan combined there were over
3,300 attacks in that year in August
2016 a suicide bomber killed nearly 400
people at a shopping centre in Baghdad
and what's even more horrifying is that
over 12,000 people have been killed in
these types of attacks in just one year
to break that number down that's about
33 people dying at the hands of terror
every single day Iraq remains extremely
unstable because of the US interventions
the emergence of Isis and fighting
between local militias that are all
vying for control Isis in particular has
been responsible for the largest terror
attacks in the country while the total
global number of terror attacks has
dropped slightly these regions have seen
little with me and in spite of
increasing efforts by the US government
to secure Afghanistan and Iraq the
instability of those countries has been
devastating for their populations
another country that has experienced a
lot of terror but rarely makes it into
Western headlines as Somalia find out
about terror in Somalia in this video to
the right thanks for watching now this
world and as always don't forget to Like
and subscribe for more episodes every
week
