in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria
Puerto Rico lays in ruin homes were
destroyed lives were lost and federal
efforts to help the territory have been
slowed for years Puerto Rico has fought
to survive numerous political and
financial crises and this latest
disaster has only set them back further
in light of their ongoing struggle we
wanted to know just how powerful is
Puerto Rico and what are the details of
their complicated relationship with the
United States well uniquely Puerto Rico
is an unincorporated territory located
in the Caribbean Sea what this means is
that technically Puerto Rico is not part
of the United States but is controlled
by the US government and by definition
awaiting designation by Congress as
either a new state or an independent
nation it's been waiting since 1898 or
nearly a hundred and twenty years the US
has four other inhabited territories
including Blom the northern mariana
islands of the US Virgin Islands in
American Samoa Puerto Rico is fairly
small with a size of about 3,500 square
miles
compared to US states it would rank as
the 49th smallest a bit more than twice
the size of Rhode Island however its
population is close to 3.5 million about
the same as Connecticut which ranks 29th
in spite of their unincorporated status
Puerto Ricans are US citizens although
they don't have a vote in Congress and
are unrepresented besides one non-voting
delegate in House of Representatives
they also don't vote for president nor
do they pay federal taxes and while it
may be nice to avoid paying taxes
economically the territory has been
dealing with a major financial crisis in
the last decade roughly 10 percent of
the islands population has left starting
around the time the US Congress ended an
important series of tax breaks for
Puerto Rican businesses this drain of
resources and people left the territory
with a poverty rate of roughly 50
and about seventy two billion dollars in
debt in May of 2017 after defaulting on
millions of dollars of debt payments the
local government effectively filed for
federal bankruptcy with the most recent
natural disaster estimate to cost as
much as eighty billion dollars on its
own the financial future of Puerto Rico
seems excessively gooey as for their
military Puerto Rico is first and
foremost protected by the United States
military as our other territories and
States however the island has its own
specific military branches which make up
its National Guard this includes three
distinct branches of Army Guard Air
Guard and State Guard comprising roughly
10,000 military members with a budget of
about forty million dollars due to the
small size and budget as well as
protection by the US military
Puerto Rico's forces are predominantly
focused on natural disaster relief and
guarding against civil unrest overall
the territory of Puerto Rico is
struggling with no end in sight a
dwindling population coupled with a
collapsed economy is a bad sign for any
region and with a miniscule military
force which has proved not to be enough
to take care of disaster relief in the
wake of Hurricane Maria Puerto Rico
continues to suffer without true
representation in the US government
while desperately depending on its
health not only as Puerto Rico not
powerful and can easily be considered
totally powerless so how did this
territory run into such deep financial
trouble and how can it possibly deal
with more than seventy billion dollars
in debt
find out in this episode explore in
Puerto Rico's disasters economic crisis
thanks for watching now this world don't
forget to Like and subscribe for more
episodes like this every week
