for decades Israelis and Palestinians
have been locked in a seemingly endless
battle over a slice of land between the
Jordan River and the Mediterranean Sea
in the simplest terms both of these
groups claim ownership of this land in
its entirety resulting in decades of
uprisings Wars and failed peace
negotiations today the West Bank Gaza
and East Jerusalem are generally
considered Palestinian territories
however since the late 1960s more and
more Israelis have moved into the West
Bank forming huge closed off communities
these Israeli settlements not only keep
Palestinians from what is regarded as
their land but they increasingly muddy
the boundaries of any potential
Palestinian state since the 1970s the
only widely accepted solution to the
israeli-palestinian conflict was to
establish two fully independent
countries Palestine would get Gaza and
the West Bank Israel would get
everything else however many on both
sides are seeing the two-state solution
as impossible dividing existing
settlements against existing border
lines is much harder to negotiate in
practice than as a political solution it
also creates a more central problem of
how to divide the city of Jerusalem
which has Muslim Jewish and Christian
holy sites with a two-state solution
looking increasingly unlikely more and
more politicians are discussing the
possibility of a one state solution that
is combining the Israeli and Palestinian
territories into a single nation one
version is called by nationalism where
both territories are combined as one
country but each group maintains its
ethnic and cultural individuality
another proposed by some right-wing
Israelis is the complete annexation of
the West Bank and East Jerusalem by
Israel a 2016 poll suggested that
roughly 36 percent of Palestinians do
support a one state solution up from 32
percent just three months earlier
experts say this reflects a growing
sense of hopelessness among Palestinians
that the two sides will never agree and
a belief that Israeli settlements have
already created a de facto single state
but many are then asking what would a
single Israeli Palestinian nation look
like well if it were to happen today it
would be home to slightly more Arabs
than Jews if this gap were to widen it
would jeopardize Israelis identity as an
explicitly Jewish state in another
scenario the newly unified
they could remain Jewish but only by
denying Palestinians the right to vote
initiating what many have called an
apartheid state in the words of former
Secretary of State John Kerry Israel can
either be Jewish or democratic that
cannot be both even if a unified Israel
Palestine did guarantee equal rights it
would likely still face major problems
Israelis and Palestinians have a
different language culture and
traditions not to mention a radically
different understanding of their history
experts say that a one state solution
could mean endless battles over control
for everything from public art to
schools to street names others predict
that the hypothetical States economy
could collapse taxes may be raised to
account for lower income Palestinians
and this could result in a mass exodus
of Israeli tech companies in social
elite with prospects of a peaceful
unified nation seemingly impossible the
United Nations and much of the
international community continues to
push for a separate Israel and Palestine
with more than half a million Israelis
now living in the West Bank however this
goal is increasingly looking like a pipe
dream Jews and Arabs have been fighting
over what is today Israel Palestine for
more than a century so what is the
conflict about this area in the first
place find out in this video
thanks for watching seeker daily don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos
