in the Baltic Sea a Russian fighter jet
flew dangerously close to a US Navy
destroyer in a simulated attack profile
intended to provoke this aircraft took
off from a naval base in Kaliningrad a
Russian exclave wedged between NATO
countries Lithuania and Poland cut off
from mainland Russia and heavily
militarized Kaliningrad is one of NATO's
looming threats at the heart of a
possible Cold War 2.0 but this tiny
territory is caught between two worlds
relying on both Europe and Russia big
military exercises and cold war style
theatrics take place frequently in
Kaliningrad putting its neighbors on
high alert in a show of competing
strength NATO switched on an 800 million
dollar defense shield in Romania as tit
for tat Russian President Vladimir Putin
upgraded the firepower of his Baltic
Fleet headquartered in Kaliningrad
parking nuclear capable ballistic
missiles at the base with a range of up
to 440 miles this now puts Germany as
well as Lithuania Latvia and Estonia
right in Kaliningrad crosshairs a move
that the United States State Department
deemed destabilizing to European
security
Kaliningrad is also more combat ready
than its neighbours with estimates of
11,000 Russian troops stationed there
compared to just seven thousand in
Lithuania and four thousand in Latvia as
the westernmost face of Russia's
military strategy
Kaliningrad is completely tethered to
Moscow its Regional Government is part
of the Russian Federation with the
president responsible for appointing
Kaliningrad governor it's population of
under 1 million is dependent on Russia
for economic and energy subsidies its
main exports include agricultural goods
and machinery and it's known for its
amber mines which account for 90 percent
of the world's reserves but before it
was a Moscow military zone Kaliningrad
was known as Kooning's burg a German
cosmopolitan city and wartime stronghold
under the Third Reich during world war
ii coningsburgh was captured by the
Soviet Union's Red Army as Russian
leader Joseph Stalin wanted strategic
access to the Baltic Sea the territory
was then forcibly repopulated with
Russian citizens and all traces of
German history were eliminated German
architecture
like the famous coningsburgh castle was
replaced with stark Soviet style
buildings Kaliningrad remained a closed
military outpost during the Cold War
until the collapse of the USSR in 1991
Russia decreased its military presence
and turned it into a special economic
zone to attract foreign investment which
ultimately created an economic boom soon
enough residents were able to travel
visa-free to EU members Poland and
Lithuania and in fact many residents
don't see themselves as exclusively
Russian
80 percent of young people in
Kaliningrad have been to Europe while
only 15 percent have been to Russia in
spite of the territories militarized
history locals are relatively separated
from Russia's war games often spending
weekends in Poland or taking trips to
Berlin to reconnect with their lands
German roots but hopes of uniting Europe
and Russia are dwindling as Russia
continues to militarize Kaliningrad the
sawaki gap a vulnerable roughly 60 mile
corridor between Poland Lithuania and
Kaliningrad is where NATO fears Russian
forces could launch an invasion in
response NATO has sent 4,000 US troops
to the Polish Lithuanian border the
largest military buildup since the start
of the Cold War security concerns have
shut down visa-free travel between
Poland and Kaliningrad halting their
access to Europe for decades Kaliningrad
has served as a bridge between east and
west but with a new Cold War on the
horizon the territory could become an
enemy to its neighbors again with
tensions between NATO and Russia
continuing to rise some say we may be on
the brink of a second Cold War but did
the Cold War ever really end and what
factors make this Cold War 2.0 different
from the previous one find out by
watching this video
