inauguration day was not always on
January 20th originally the founding
fathers chose March 4th to honor the
anniversary of the Constitution first
taking effect in 1789 and to allow for
time to travel to the Capitol during a
period when communication and
transportation were slow but four months
proved to be too long and it nearly
destroyed the nation after the
contentious 1860 election seven states
had left the Union in what became known
as the secession winter president elect
Abraham Lincoln was forced to wait out
the winter in Illinois while President
James Buchanan was still in office but
Buchanan was unable to prevent
secessionists from seizing forts and
armories so by the time Lincoln was
sworn in in March the Civil War had all
been officially started this extended
lame-duck period hurt the country again
after the election of 1932 Franklin D
Roosevelt had soundly defeated his
opponent incumbent Herbert Hoover but
FDR had to wait until March 4th to take
the oath the Great Depression was in
full effect and the economic uncertainty
only worsened during the long wait of
the transition of power and the entire
financial system in the u.s. almost
collapsed during that time this turned
out to be the last straw for the March
4th date the 20th amendment or lame duck
amendment was ratified on January 23rd
1933 reducing the lame duck period by
six weeks but some still think that 10
or so weeks between the election and
inauguration is too long and creates too
much uncertainty after Jimmy Carter lost
his re-election bid in 1980 his
administration created more than 10,000
pages of new rules and regulations
before the incoming Reagan
administration had been sworn in these
became known as midnight regulations and
many presidents have used the remaining
months to solidify their legacies and
cement policies from a hostile successor
global players also know that they have
more political room during a lame-duck
session as outgoing administration's are
less likely to act militarily for
example between the presidencies of
George W Bush and Barack Obama Israel
began a highly unpopular war in Gaza and
following the 2016 election Russia has
accelerated its offensives in Syria but
a longer transition can help an incoming
administration with little political
experience take over
Presidency the team needs to fill
approximately 4,000 government jobs
develop plans and a budget for the
executive branch and get caught up on
all intelligence of the prior
administration with all that work ten
weeks doesn't seem so long what what do
you think is the time between the
election and inauguration too long
