in December 2016 the UN Human Rights
Commission issued a statement warning of
ethnic cleansing in parts of South Sudan
the world's newest recognized country
United Nations officials cited instances
of gang rape starvation and village
burning comparing the events to the 1994
Rwandan genocide which saw as many as 1
million deaths in just three months so
what is behind South Sudan's ethnic
violence and could the country be on the
brink of a full-blown genocide well
South Sudan broke off from Sudan in 2011
after decades of guerilla warfare
between Sudan's Muslim North and
Christian South after independence the
newly formed South Sudan and stated
former military commander Salva Kiir as
president representing the largest
ethnic group Adinkra his vice president
dr. Riya kuma char was to represent the
second largest ethnic group called the
newest but tension grew within the
government and in July 2013 President
Kiir purged his entire cabinet including
Vice President Musharraf that year kir
accused mushara of organizing an
attempted coup and fighting broke out
within the military between those who
supported the president and others who
backed the former vice president this
political infighting spread to ethnic
newer and Dinka militias and eventually
culminated into a civil war between the
two tribes the fighting escalated in
early 2014 when neighboring Uganda
deployed troops to support Dinka backed
government forces as of March 2016 an
estimated 50,000 people have died and
nearly 3 million were about a quarter of
the population have been forced from
their homes much of the fighting has
been divided along ethnic lines with
government forces accused of targeting a
majority newer towns and anti-government
militias allegedly targeting Dinka towns
in one particularly heinous incident
rebel militias overtook a city killing
more than 400 civilians on the basis of
their ethnicity or nationality rebel
forces even took over the local radio
station urging men to rape women of
specific ethnicities and calling for
rival militias to be purged from the
town according to the United Nations
sexual violence as a means of ethnic
cleansing is still rife in fact the
organizations in November 2016 survey
found that 70 percent of women in the
city of Juba had experienced sexual
assaults since the civil
war began according to one survey a
woman rape happens every day and as a
result there is no stigma around it in
an effort to stop the ethnic violence
the United States has sought to impose
sanctions on government and rebel forces
effectively stifling both sides of the
conflict but the resolution has yet to
see the full support of the United
Nations other attempts at ending the war
including at least 7 peace deals or
cease fires have been unsuccessful for
now there is no foreseeable end to the
fighting and according to United Nations
officials what started as a political
feud could soon become an outright
ethnic war if you're like me and you
love watching wildlife shows you can
check out Animal Planet go where you can
watch all the seasons current and past
of your favorite Animal Planet shows I'm
currently working my way through Whale
Wars right now super cool lots of
intrigue and drama check out the link in
the description below to learn more
South Sudan formed as a way out of
Sudan's seemingly never-ending war yet
South Sudan itself has been at war for
nearly as long as it has existed this is
far from the only African region at war
so why are there so many wars in Africa
find out in this video another region of
ongoing conflict is Darfur in Sudan
since 2003 anti-government rebel groups
attempted a coup d'etat ostensibly to
protect the country's non Arab minority
thanks for watching seeker daily don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos from us every day
you
