Venezuela is the tenth largest oil
producer in the world but unlike the
other nine the country is rapidly headed
for total collapse it's been marked as
the most miserable economy in the world
and protests against the president
Nicolas Maduro have become a common
fixture so why does Venezuela hate its
president well originally Maduro worked
as a bus driver before entering the
world of politics as a supporter of Hugo
Chavez Venezuela is charismatic and
controversial former president after
rising the ranks over the course of more
than two decades Maduro was named as
Chavez's vice president in 2012 the
following year Chavez died battling
cancer
making Maduro the new president
immediately he mobilized the entire
military and police force around the
country to quote guarantee the peace one
month later Maduro won the snap
presidential election by a narrow margin
from then on when duros actions as
president have received extraordinary
criticism with roughly 95 percent of the
country's export earnings coming from
oil the drop in oil prices around 2014
caused Venezuela to struggle to provide
its citizens with enough energy goods
and protection rampant inflation strict
rationing rolling blackouts and violent
rioting has destroyed the country from
within
however Maduro has refused help from
other countries and instead blame the
United States for attempting to
orchestrate a power grab
most unsettlingly the president has
repeatedly instituted rule by decree
which effectively allows him to create
new laws without any checks or balances
akin to a dictator or a king he has also
expanded the role of the military and in
appointed the defense minister in charge
of economic oversight including
pharmacies food commercial distribution
and management of the country's ports
this move has been likened to the power
structure of Fidel Castro's Cuba and
military dictatorships overall as a
result of these issues protests have
arisen around the country which
Venezuelan police and soldiers have
responded to by using live ammunition
and tortured sparking significant
concerns from human rights organizations
and despite the increased military
presence crime is still rampant
countrywide Venezuela's capital Caracas
is considered one of the most dangerous
cities in the world and the country
itself SAR roughly 18,000 murders in
2015 but part of the problem is that
police
generally unaccountable and some
statistics show that they themselves
commit one in five crimes as of 2016
Venezuelans have attempted to hold a
referendum to remove Maduro from office
but despite collecting enough signatures
to hold the vote the country's National
Electoral Council which is in charge of
organizing elections has postponed the
vote multiple times they allege either
voter fraud or conspiracy against the
president and in October 2016 the
council ultimately suspended the
referendum outright many of the concerns
surrounding Maduro echoed those of his
predecessor Chavez Chavez was criticized
for being overly wasteful with state
resources during its long oil boom and
Maduro has continued many of his
policies at a time when oil prices have
collapsed while the country struggles
without sufficient food water or power
world leaders are calling for the
referendum to occur and for Maduro to
end his dictatorial reign a poll from
late 2016 found that 84% of Venezuelans
want the president removed from office
the suspension of the referendum has
been called unconstitutional but with
the president unilaterally controlling
the government and elections as well it
may be a while before Venezuela
sees a new president if you're like me
and love history science and exploration
you should check out discovery go where
you can binge watch all seasons current
and past of your favorite Discovery
Channel shows check out the link in the
description below to learn more as
Venezuelans fight to remove Maduro from
office the country's economic crisis
continues to impact the lives of its
people so how exactly has this failing
economy shaped life in Venezuela find
out in this video
basic goods like food water and medicine
have become increasingly difficult to
find this is in part due to the
government's strict rationing system
which is designed to prevent patrons
from stockpiling goods before inflation
drives the prices up thanks for watching
seeker daily don't forget to Like and
subscribe for more videos every day
