in late 2016 Pope Francis told reporters
that he didn't think women would ever be
allowed into the priesthood the Pope has
alluded to the ban in the past pointing
to the decisions of former Pope John
Paul the second so why exactly can't
women be Catholic priests well several
reasons have been proposed and
reaffirmed by the Catholic Church itself
the first is simple being a priest does
not simply mean that a person is allowed
to perform the duties of a priest
instead according to religious doctrine
priests actually embody the persona of
Jesus Christ and God called in Persona
Christi some argue that since Jesus was
unequivocally a man and since the church
considers the differences between men
and women to be irreducible then it
isn't possible for a woman to perform
christ-like duties as a priest in 1994
pope john paul ii released a document
known as board in√°cio saturday Holly's
Latin for priestly ordination wherein he
declared that quote the church has no
authority whatsoever to confer priestly
ordination on women for justification
Pope John Paul cited a 1976 document
which explains that the priesthood could
only be fulfilled by men following the
choice of Jesus Christ to select 12 men
to be his apostles despite having the
choice of selecting women as well this
was further strengthened by the all-male
choices by the Apostles for their
successors implying that although it may
not have been explicitly stated in the
Bible the priesthood was reserved for
men following the release of the 1994
document the church affirmed the
teaching saying that it was founded on
the written word of God and is
infallible
thus technically even if he would prefer
to do so Pope Francis would be unable to
allow women into the priesthood as it
would technically go against the Word of
God
but despite the Catholic Church's
reluctance there are a number of
Christian sects which disagree and are
open to female ordination according to
the Pew Research Center those belonging
to some Baptists Episcopal Lutheran
Presbyterian and United churches
generally allow women into the pre
although within those groups there's
still division over the issue that said
the Catholic Church is not alone
others such as Orthodox Jews Mormons and
Muslims also don't generally allow
female ordination for a variety of
historical reasons despite the divisive
issue women have seen greater and
greater access into higher clergy roles
as social mores have changed over the
years we can't do episodes like this
without our sponsors if you listen to
music and podcasts and are looking for a
new Bluetooth speaker check out
monster's reimagine boombox the monster
blaster available for monthly payments
starting at $25
the monster blaster has the power to
bring music to life indoors and out
check it out at the monster blaster comm
slash seeker whether female priesthood
in the Catholic Church will ever be
allowed or not there's no doubting that
the Vatican will play a strong role in
that decision so how powerful is the
Vatican exactly find out more in this
video the Vatican brings in more than
300 million dollars per year in revenue
this money comes from a variety of
sources including investments real
estate and donations
thank you for watching seeker daily
don't forget to Like and subscribe for
more interesting videos every day
