we've heard a lot about the presidential
candidates in this election but few
people are talking about arguably the
second-most important vote many will be
making on election day state
propositions which voters can use to
change state law directly certain
important issues have cropped up in
multiple states and may even end up
changing federal laws so we want to know
what are the most controversial 2016
ballot trends one of the most
attention-getting issues this year is
recreational marijuana the u.s. is most
popular illicit drug five states have
ballot initiatives that could legalize
the drug if passed
California Nevada Arizona Massachusetts
and Maine will join the weed legal
Colorado Oregon Washington state Alaska
and the District of Columbia the major
player in this scenario is California
the state has the sixth largest economy
in the world with a GDP of nearly two
and a half trillion dollars and it
commands 55 seats in Congress should
marijuana be completely legalized it
would have a ripple effect throughout
the rest of the country since marijuana
is illegal on the federal level states
where weed is legal are in direct
conflict with the federal government but
if more states turn to legalization many
expect lawmakers to reevaluate the way
the drug is classified and prosecuted
marijuana legalization could also
ultimately affect the United States's
neighbor to the south Mexico in the face
of potential legalization in California
Mexico may follow through with its own
plan to legalize the drug another topic
seeing particularly increased attention
over the past few years is gun control
2016 ballots will have voters in
California Maine Nevada and Washington
deciding whether or not to increase
weapon regulations Maine and Nevada will
decide whether to expand background
checks while Washington will decide
whether to prohibit people with quote
violent tendencies from possessing
firearms via a temporary court order but
the strictest gun controls could be
passed in California voters will decide
on requiring background checks on
ammunition purchases and impose a ban on
high-capacity magazines since 1993
federal law has required background
checks for all gun sales by licensed
dealers but the law does not apply to
those who operate out of gun shows
online or via private sales gun safety
advocates say they're tackling gun
control from the bottom up in hopes that
new state laws will pressure lawmakers
in Washington DC to pass stricter
regulations one more widely talked about
ballot initiative is the minimum wage
although Congress has been unwilling to
move ahead with raising the federal
minimum wage which is currently $7.25 an
hour voters in Arizona Colorado Maine
and Washington will decide for
themselves Arizona and Washington's
measures would also establish guaranteed
paid sick leave all four measures are
similar with increases ranging from $12
to $13 and 50 cents an hour by 2020
although the 114th Congress has done
little to nothing during their term this
election may not only pressure them to
act but it may also change the political
makeup of the legislature with a
potential flip from red to blue in
Congress the US could see changes when
it comes to marijuana gun control and
minimum wage then again if the next four
years are anything like the last it is
likely that Congress will remain
deadlocked on contested issues forcing
states to continue to take matters into
their own hands are you on snapchat
because so are we and we're telling
really cool stories that you won't hear
anywhere else so do us a favor
open up your snapchat app pause the
video and scan this code we want to know
what you think thanks for watching
