when it comes to the differences between
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton the
list is seemingly endless not only are
the two presidential nominees on
opposite sides of the political and
ideological spectrum
they've got radically different
personality types this is abundantly
evident when they're out on the stump so
how do Trump and Clinton speaking Styles
differ well Hillary Clinton's speaking
style has been described as restrained
and carefully calculated she often makes
abstract statements using soft or
sterile language like promising to
restore fairness to our economy or
ensure that the wealthy pay their fair
share of taxes for many this can be read
as overly plan and emotionless which
experts say is a key reason she ranks
lower and likability I think Hillary
Clinton is more conventional has a more
conventional relationship with her
speech writers where they are channeling
her voice rather than replacing her
voice with one that is more acceptable
to voters
that's David litt a former speechwriter
for President Barack Obama the way he
sees that Clinton is trying to reach out
to younger voters who may not be
familiar with the Clinton legacy and
this may take a little extra effort than
it would take Trump who already has an
established television presence I think
for somebody who is by her own admission
not a natural performer she is trying to
get better and better and focus
attention where it needs to be
unlike Clinton Trump tends to be less
scripted his most famous statements are
vague and hyperbolic for instance
calling the Iran deal a total disaster
and Barack Obama the worst president in
history
Trump deliberately alienates himself and
his supporters from the political
establishment for example when Hillary
Clinton came out with her slogan I'm
with her positioning herself as a leader
to be followed Trump replied with a
slogan I'm with you
Trump's approach is informal and
off-the-cuff for some of his supporters
this Reid's is down-to-earth but for
others it comes off as unprepared and
ignorant of the issues to me Donald
Trump's version of speech writing is
really the the worst version of what
speech writing can be which is you
clearly see that when he's speaking
off-the-cuff
he doesn't have a clear sense of what
he's talking about he doesn't have a
clear sense of how the country works or
how the economy works or how
international you know and national
security work and while lid admits he
holds a bias there
other experts who have similar opinions
of Trump speaking style some have even
compared it to that of an aggressive
salesman one trick they point to is
Trump's use of strong punchy adjectives
and other verbal intensifiers for
instance promising to make your children
very very safe and build an impenetrable
physical tall powerful beautiful
southern border wall another sales men
tactic is to claim to have direct
experience with what you're selling
Trump does this by starting many of his
sentences with believe me experts say
this works because people are more
inclined to believe something that has
been talked about or share Donald Trump
has sort of brought this something we
haven't seen in American politics this
kind of far-right populism it's clearly
proving popular with a certain segment
of the electorate Trump and Clinton's
radically different speaking styles may
have something to do with their
respective campaign themes Trump tends
to paint the United States as broken and
weak something that needs to be made
great again Clinton however often lists
off the country's accomplishments no
better is this scene than in their
nominee acceptance speeches at the
Republican National Convention Trump
stated that the country was in a moment
of crisis in which attacks on police and
terrorism threaten our very way of life
but Clinton had a much more positive
take on the state of the nation saying
America has the most powerful military
the most innovative engineers the most
enduring values and the most dynamic and
diverse people in the world but as David
litt told us in the end
style doesn't matter as much as content
and their character comes through no
matter what they say writing speeches
for the president is a high-pressure job
and one that David lit took on soon
after graduating college find out more
about his experience working with
President Obama in this seeker stories
episode you have to realize how high the
stakes are but we would write speeches
knowing that there are people whose
full-time job is to pick apart every
single word the president says and
sometimes just to take things out of
context
and that can be incredibly intimidating
thanks for watching seeker daily please
make sure to LIKE and subscribe for new
videos every day
