in October 2016 the United Nations
elected its ninth secretary-general
Antonio Guterres of Portugal the
position has been described as the
hardest in the world but what exactly
does the UN secretary-general do well
the secretary-general is the leader and
de facto spokesperson of the United
Nations according to the UN Charter this
means leaving most meetings creating an
annual report and addressing the
Security Council on matters that
threaten international peace and
security beyond this the job actually
has few official duties and as a result
every secretary-general has interpreted
the world differently for instance some
act as world moderators which is to say
the diplomatic mediator in international
disputes in fact when President Franklin
Delano Roosevelt was creating the UN
this is how he envisioned the Secretary
General's rule one example of a
moderator type was secretary-general
Kofi Annan who prioritized human rights
in the spread of HIV while in office
from 1997 to 2006 by comparison Annan
successor ban ki-moon has been more of
an administrator type overseeing the UN
but with little input about what its
moral obligation should be not only is
the job of the secretary-general open to
interpretation but so is the appointment
process the UN charters only stipulation
is that the Security Council recommend a
candidate to the General Assembly all
193 of which vote to approve
traditionally the Security Council's
process of narrowing down officials has
occurred behind closed doors
however amid calls for transparency in
2016 the General Assembly began holding
open hearings and q and A's and they can
do this because the UN Charter doesn't
actually specify how the body should
choose a candidate nor does it say what
type of person should be chosen or the
length of their tenure that said there
are a few unofficial norms Secretary
General's tend to be career diplomats
from neutral small to medium sized
countries such as Peru or Sweden
although there is no formal limit on how
many times a person can be appointed to
the position no secretary-general has
acceded to five-year terms this is all
somewhat straightforward so why is the
Secretary General's job purportedly so
difficult well the Secretary General's
day-to-day is heavily shaped by caution
and judgment as they must take into
account the concerns of the UN's member
states while also acting as an impartial
moral authority in fact one of the most
crucial aspects of the job is acting as
an intermediary in high-stakes
international disputes take
secretary-general DAG hammarskj√∂ld who
was tasked with forging peace between
Israel and Arab states during the 1950's
suez crisis or Javier Perez de Cuellar
who brokered the ceasefire that ended
the iran-iraq war in 1988 many in the UN
are hoping that its new
secretary-general Antonio Guterres will
use his experience serving as the
organization's High Commissioner for
Refugees to be a powerful leader in the
face of the migrant crisis this is why
the Secretary General's role is often
described through juxtaposition they
must be a diplomat and advocate activist
and bureaucrat world moderator and chief
administrator even secretary and general
experts say Gutierrez will not only have
to mediate world conflicts but the UN
itself as the organization becomes
increasingly divided on issues such as
the Syrian civil war when Guterres
assumes is powerful but ambiguous
position in January there's no doubt he
will face some daunting global
challenges we can't do our episodes like
this without our sponsors and this
episode is brought to you by domain.com
if you're an entrepreneur innovator or
building a small business domain.com is
the place to go when that next great
idea hits you domain.com is reliable and
easy to use get 20% off domain coms
already affordable domain names and web
hosting when you use coupon code seeker
at checkout when you think domain names
think domain.com
unlike other world leaders the UN
secretary-general is much more than a
figurehead he has an active role in the
organization's day-to-day proceedings
but what does that mean how does the UN
work you can find out more in this video
every country regardless of size gets a
single vote however there are two states
in the UN which are not actual members
the Vatican whose government is called
the Holy See and Palestine these are
called permanent non-member observer
States and while they can't vote they
are allowed to take part in debates
thanks for watching seeker daily don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos every day
