Germany's history with LGBT rights has
been confusing to say the least although
it's one of the most gay friendly
countries in the world today same-sex
marriage is still outlawed
despite being legal in 13 other European
countries and while a majority of German
citizens support equal rights the German
government does not so why is Germany so
split on gay rights well being gay in
Germany has always been kind of a mixed
bag during the Vimal Republic which
preceded the Nazi Party coming to power
Germany was the center of a homosexual
revolution the open acceptance of gay
men and women led to a number of changes
in how homosexuality was seen around the
world instead of treating it as a
deviation from normal sexual tendencies
it was instead understood as a natural
inborn characteristic nearly a century
before the same view made its way around
the world nonetheless at the time there
were laws on the books prohibiting
same-sex relations between men referred
to as paragraph 175 this law was rarely
enforced until Nazis took control of
Germany and began enforcing and
broadening it to include lewdness and
even those suspected of being gay
roughly 15,000 gay men were sent to
concentration camps over the following
years and even after the war ended it
took until 1969 for homosexuality to be
decriminalized 1994 for the law to be
taken off the books and it wasn't until
2016 that Germany's justice minister
created legislation officially pardoning
all those convicted of homosexuality
both during and after Nazi rule but even
today same-sex marriage is still
prohibited
although civil unions have been
permitted since 2001 yet a majority of
Germany supports same-sex marriage and a
2013 poll showed that Germans have the
second highest social acceptance of
homosexuality in the world after Spain
so why is Germany so behind its European
counterparts well many blame German
Chancellor Angela Merkel Merkel herself
is considered conservative on a number
of social issues potentially as a result
of her upbringing by a Protestant pastor
father in the repressive East Germany
additionally her political party the
Christian Democratic Union is considered
center right and has voted down numerous
pro-lgbt bills Merkel has even said that
heterosexual marriage is directly linked
to the family and both
be protected by the state for her this
means falling behind the rest of Europe
as LGBTQ rights continue to evolve still
the government does seem to be
progressing just in 2013 due to a
constitutional challenge adoption rights
were extended to gay couples
as long as one parent already had
custody of the child however joint
same-sex adoption is still illegal in
Germany that same year the country also
became the first in Europe to offer a
third gender for newborn children known
as X which effectively postpones
establishing gender identity until a
future point when either the parents or
the child are comfortable deciding
although the German population is
decidedly same-sex friendly and socially
progressive it's taking time for that
tolerance and acceptance to translate
into legal benefits a very liberal
Germany being run by a center-right
leading party seems to be the greatest
source of conflict nonetheless it's
unlikely that the country will regress
on LGBT rights the only question is how
long it will take them to move forward
if you're like me and love history
science and exploration you should check
out discovery go where you can binge
watch all seasons current and past of
your favorite Discovery Channel shows
check out the link in the description
below to learn more
being gay is no longer a crime in
Germany but that's not the case around
the world there are still countries
where homosexual activity is a criminal
offense and in some places you can be
killed so where is it illegal to be gay
find out in this video this has also
been directly linked to Uganda's
infamous anti homosexuality or kill the
gays bill which in 2014 originally made
homosexuality punishable by death
the bill was subsequently overturned and
no later versions have successfully made
it through Parliament thanks for
watching seeker daily don't forget to
Like and subscribe for more videos every
day
you
