in early 2014 the Islamic state was
quickly gaining power and infamy at the
time some US officials labeled the
terror group as the country's greatest
security threat and according to a
number of national polls most of
Americans agreed but today Isis is
struggling financially and has lost much
of its territory in Iraq and Syria so
what happened is the Islamic state
really losing the war well the short
answer is yes the Islamic states goal is
to secure a global Caliphate which they
hope to achieve by waging war
overthrowing foreign governments and
erasing existing borders with land as
their number-one objective the group
began taking over major cities and
territories in Iraq and Syria in
mid-2014 they took in billions of
dollars by looting bank vaults taxing
and extorting residents and selling
stolen oil on the black market over the
course of that year
Isis extended its Caliphate across more
than 35,000 square miles combined that's
roughly the size of the u.s. state of
Maine but in the years since Isis has
somewhat fallen off according to US
government estimates Isis has lost
nearly half of its holdings in Iraq and
20% in Syria they've also lost major
cities like Fallujah kobani and Palmyra
and millions of dollars in the process
even cutting its soldiers salaries in
half so what happened well in August and
September of 2014 a us-led coalition
began arming rebel groups and carrying
out airstrikes on Isis strongholds they
also partnered with Kurdish and Iraqi
armies on the ground to uproot the
terror group from civilian areas as a
result of these efforts the Islamic
state has lost an estimated 45,000
fighters as well as some of their
highest-ranking officials including
their minister of war chemical weapons
specialists and most recently their
Minister of Information as the Islamic
states Caliphate shrinks so does its
revenue with less territory the group
has less taxes to collect people to
extort banks to rob and women to enslave
and sell what's more a large portion of
the group's oil infrastructure and cash
deposits have been bombed slashing one
of their biggest sources of funding by
more than one
additionally the United States has
slapped sanctions on some of the Islamic
states top donors and fundraisers and
new laws by the Iraqi government have
made it almost impossible for the group
to receive international funds from
banks in their controlled territory
nevertheless the Islamic state continues
to operate mostly relying on tax income
from the territories they do still
control one of which is Mosul Iraq's
second largest city and a major source
of oil in September 2016 the Iraqi
military launched an ambitious plan to
retake this city which some are calling
Isis's last major stronghold in Iraq if
they succeed
we could see the beginning of the end
for the Islamic states reign of terror
but even if we do see an end it may
already be too late Isis has killed
thousands of people and destroyed major
historical landmarks leaving a permanent
stain on Iraq and Syria so just how much
history has Isis destroyed find out in
this video
in August 2015 the Islamic state
reportedly blew up a 2,000 year-old
temple located in Syria this is the
latest in a long list of willfully
destructive acts against cultural sites
thanks for watching seeker daily don't
forget to Like and subscribe for more
videos every day
