in August 2016 a North Korean diplomat
defected to South Korea reportedly out
of disgust for his country's government
and leader kim jeong-hoon
it's extremely rare for North Korean
citizens much less high-ranking
officials to flee the country as harsh
punishments are imposed on those who are
caught trying as well as their families
back home nevertheless it does happen so
how does someone defect from North Korea
and what happens to those who do well a
defector is someone who flees to an
enemy country which for North Korea is
basically anywhere outside its borders
although leaving North Korea without
permission is illegal and the country
maintains rigid border controls hundreds
of thousands of North Koreans have
successfully defected since the mid 20th
century most escaped through the country
shared border with China under Chinese
law North Korean defectors are
considered illegal economic migrants and
must be returned to their home country
regardless of whatever punishments await
them so many continue on to a third
country but some stay and hide in China
an estimated 200,000 North Koreans are
believed to be secretly living in China
today alternatively many defectors seek
asylum in South Korea according to
government estimates roughly 29,000
North Koreans have resettled in the
South since the end of the Korean War in
1953 for decades South Korea was very
accommodating of these asylum seekers in
the early 1960s the country provided an
allowance stable employment and housing
for defectors but through a series of
reforms in the 1990s these privileges
were curtailed and in 2004 the South
Korean government reduced financial aid
for asylum seekers by nearly two-thirds
North Korea has accused the south of
explicitly encouraging their citizens to
defect however South Korea has denied
such claims perhaps surprisingly roughly
80% of North Korean defectors are women
a 2013 study found that women tend to
suffer the most from poverty and
economic hardship one of the driving
forces of emigration male defectors on
the other hand cited political or
ideological reasons for their defection
given all the reasons to flee North
Korea and all the risks defectors take
to escape it may come as a surprise that
some end up voluntarily moving back
these double defectors are known to
return for a range of reasons most
commonly feelings of marginalization and
allow
of opportunity in their new country but
returning is risky North Korea is known
to punish escapees with years of hard
labor and prison camps or execution
however in 2013 Kim jong-un announced
that defectors would be welcomed back
into the country and in some cases even
offered cash and an opportunity to share
their experiences on state-run TV
ironically many defectors in South Korea
are already semi celebrities as they
regularly appear on talk shows and
reality television in the end a
defectors fate largely depends on their
destination countries that are
culturally Western like the United
States Canada and much of Europe tend to
be more accommodating than others but
wherever North Korean defectors land
it's probably better than where they
came from many North Koreans defect
because of massive food shortages all
while the country's leadership and elite
live lavish lifestyles who's really to
blame for the country's food shortages
find out in this video by 2013 that the
country's food aid had dropped almost 20
fold the United Nations reported in 2015
that 70% of North Koreans are food
insecure thanks for watching seeker
daily don't forget to Like and subscribe
so you get new videos from us every day
