in August 2016 2000 incident reports
from Australia's detention camp on Nauru
Island were published by the Guardian
these so called Nauru files revealed
detailed accounts of violence child
abuse self-harm sexual assault and the
otherwise brutal living conditions
endured by refugees and asylum seekers
following the publication two United
Nations agencies as well as religious
medical legal and human rights groups
demanded the Australian government seek
justice for the alleged crimes so what
exactly is going on inside the Nauru
regional processing centre well to start
Australia has some of the strictest
immigration policies in the world under
a controversial 2013 policy refugees and
asylum seekers attempting to enter the
country by boat are either automatically
turned away or sent to one of the
country's two offshore detention centers
Nauru and Manus according to the
Australian government detainees stay on
Nauru for an average of 15 months but
reports by human rights groups find that
many stay on the island for years
together the two detention centres
actively hold nearly 1300 people the
Australian Government recently announced
plans to close Manas detention center
but didn't specify where its roughly 800
detainees will go
the reports leaked The Guardian were
compiled by guards teachers caseworkers
and medical officers the Nauru facility
these documents as well as other reports
from human rights organizations describe
prison like living conditions medical
neglect and regular systematic assaults
by prison guards locals and even other
asylum seekers specific incidents
include a prison guard throwing rocks at
a group of children a young boy being
picked up and thrown and even a young
girl saying she'd been cut from under by
a male detainee self-harm as an act of
protest is also a common theme
one woman slit her wrist with a pencil
another young girl sewed her lips
together and was then laughed at by a
guard shockingly more than 50% of these
incidents involved children even though
they represented just 18 percent of
detainees
time of the report's but perhaps the
most damning reveal was the Australian
government failure to address these
allegations in 2015 in the aftermath of
similar inquiries officials promise to
ensure that the standard of care in
their regional processing centres was as
high as it possibly can be its contract
and security agency insisted that
several assault allegations were
addressed with urgency
however the documents suggest that
serious reports of abuse and self-harm
have only escalated until the Naaru
files little has been known about
conditions in the detention centres both
Islands are virtually cut off from the
outside world detainees aren't allowed
smartphones or access to social media
and all employees of facilities are
legally barred from revealing any
internal details media access is also
tightly controlled by the narrow
government press visas are extremely
expensive and nearly all applications
are denied in response to the Nauru
files the Australian Government has said
the reports are uncorroborated
unconfirmed and are not statements of
proven fact
and instead held them up as evidence of
Nauru's rigorous reporting procedures
and although rigorous may not be the
most accurate description these sorts of
reports are collected daily leading many
to suggest that the recent leaks are the
tip of a much much larger iceberg
Australia's strict immigration laws
ensure that none of the detainees in
Nauru and Manus detention centres will
ever be settled in the country to find
out why Australia is so anti-immigrant
check out this video in the 1800s
Australia experienced a gold rush
bringing waves of immigrants
predominantly from Europe North America
and China but anti-asian legislation was
implemented until around 1901 when the
different British colonies came together
to form a unified Australia thank you
for watching seeker daily please don't
forget to like and subscribe to see new
videos every day
you
