every year the world's largest CEOs
political figures financial leaders and
other very important people hold a
secret gathering known as the Bilderberg
meeting or group what they actually
discuss nobody knows which has given
rise to endless conspiracy theories
about the real nature of the conference
and its attendees journalists who tried
to find out have even been detained so
what exactly is the Bilderberg Group and
what do we know about it well originally
the group was formed in 1954 in the
Netherlands for the express purpose of
promoting Atlantis ISM this is basically
a cooperative movement between the
United States and Europe to promote
financial prosperity as well as to pull
defense and international influence
totally unsurprisingly this meeting came
into existence just as the Cold War
ramped into second gear and countries
around the world chose their side of the
russia-us conflict one of the founders
of the Bilderberg Group was Joseph
roediger who was the first Secretary
General for the European movement which
led directly to the modern-day European
Union so effectively the original
intention of the Bilderberg Group was to
join all the westernized countries in
Europe with the hyper western United
States not only did this Union work it
followed the stability of the North
Atlantic Treaty Organization or NATO the
defense network against the Soviet Union
provided a solid backing for Western
leaders to work together today although
almost no details of what is
specifically discussed behind closed
doors are ever openly shared a list of
broad topics are provided to the public
the June 2016 meeting in Germany
included points about cybersecurity
energy and commodity prices Russia and
China and the term precariat which
describes workers in jobs with no future
security
or long term goals these issues are
likely going to be the most relevant for
the global economy and security in the
near future we also know who attends
these conferences it's invite-only and
varies from about 120 to 150 attendees
this year's guest list was publicly
revealed to include powerful figures
such as former Secretary of State Henry
Kissinger former CIA head David Petraeus
Senator Lindsey Graham billionaire Peter
Thiel and a large number of CEOs from
companies as diverse as LinkedIn to
Royal Dutch Shell but few things members
of the conference are allowed to
publicly discuss our bound to what is
called the Chatham House
rule no information shared from the
meeting can be attributed to the person
who said it or their affiliation
allowing controversial opinions to come
through without fear of public
repercussion of course such secrecy is
prone to conspiracy theories from both
sides of the political spectrum some
conservatives suggest that the group
intends to take over the world imposing
a single government and a sort of
socialist economy while those on the
liberal side fear a stripped down of
regulation and unbridled free-market
capitalism the distinction shows that
nobody actually knows what the meeting
is about besides those who attend one
thing is clear however such a large
grouping of the most powerful people in
the world is not a simple sit and chat
and it's likely that world events are
influenced by the results of the
Bilderberg Group but at least the
bilderbergs have a publicized meeting
other secretive conspiratorial groups
like say the Illuminati barely exist on
paper but does the Illuminati have more
influence than most people think
find out by watching this video in
recent years the idea of a resurgent or
surviving Illuminati order that is in
control of world events through
underlying iconography and ritualism has
been a popular conspiracy theory however
there is literally no evidence of the
existence of this group nor any
connection between current groups and
the Bavarian Illuminati still isn't that
exactly what they'd want you to think
thanks for watching seeker daily don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos every day
