the Islamic extremist group Boko Haram
has been terrorizing Greater Nigeria for
more than a decade since their
insurgency began the group has killed an
estimated 20,000 people and forced
millions to flee their homes meanwhile
Amnesty International estimates that
their forces grown to about 15,000
members by using a variety of recruiting
schemes so where does Boko Haram get its
soldiers well unlike Isis which recruits
from all over the world Boko Haram gets
nearly all of its soldiers from
northeastern Nigeria as well as Chad and
Cameroon studies have shown that most
are young men who come from poor rural
villages in Boko Haram's most frequented
areas
experts say the median age of a recruit
is 30 however reports have shown teenage
and even child soldiers some as young as
8 so why are so many young Nigerians
joining Boko Haram in the first place
well the answer depends in large part on
when they joined when Boko Haram formed
in 2002 they operated as a mostly
nonviolent rebel group effectively
marketing themselves as an alternative
to Nigeria's corrupt in increasingly
Western government for seven years Boko
Haram drafted members from public
meetings during which time they preached
a revolution to create a purely Islamic
state during this time studies show that
most of Boko Haram soldiers joined
voluntarily
however in 2009 the group lost much of
their popular support and turned to
other means of building an army this is
widely regarded as when Boko Haram's
modern insurgency began new leadership
took over and the group began carrying
out acts of terror first on police than
on civilians as a result most of Boko
Haram post insurgency soldiers were
either strongly coerced or forced into
the group according to a 2016 report by
Mercy Corps much of Boko Haram's
recruitment strategy is founded on false
promises of capital or loan support the
group reportedly gives loans to small
business owners only to show up
unannounced demanding immediate
repayment when the borrower can't pay he
is essentially forced into the
insurgency similarly many business
owners have allegedly joined in the hope
that they'll eventually receive a loan
for their business but experts say Boko
rums most powerful recruiting tool is
social pressure according to the same
report which examined dozens of former
militants nearly every person joined
under the coercion of a relative close
friend or business partner this is not
unlike the Islamic state which
reportedly recruits many of its local
members through social ties but more and
more Boko Haram has resorted to outright
force in order to recruit soldiers this
is especially true for female members
many of whom are kidnapped and enslaved
by the group some of these women have
been forced into marriages and others
have carried out suicide missions a
number of women have reportedly joined
Boko Haram out of pressure from their
husbands or families but Boko Haram's
reign of terror may decelerate in the
near future
aggressive counterterrorism efforts from
the West and the Nigerian government
could dissuade at-risk youth from
joining the insurgency the Nigerian
government has thus far been
unsuccessful at reaching its deadlines
for defeating Boko Haram
however with new strategies for
prevention and reintegration we may hope
to see an end to the insurgency in the
coming years despite Boko Haram's drop
the group has statistically been
deadlier than Isis yet few people have
heard of the group and it doesn't appear
to be a priority for much of the world
so why don't we care find out in this
video
in 2014 Boko Haram carried out about
half as many attacks as Isis but killed
roughly 600 more people in total that
same year the group kidnapped nearly 300
Nigerian schoolgirls sparking a global
campaign to save them thanks for
watching seeker daily don't forget to
Like and subscribe for new videos every
day
