following Michelle Obama's speech at the
Democratic National Convention some were
moved to tears others pushed her to run
for president and even Republicans were
bowled over by its quality as the first
lady Michelle Obama has been called an
inspiration for her work fighting
obesity and supporting education
opportunities for disadvantaged girls
but what are the first lady's actual
duties and just how powerful and
important is the position well despite
the level of reverence given to the
First Lady of the United States it's
actually not a real thing there's no
official position in government for the
spouse of a president no official duties
and obviously no salary
the closest thing to actual duties is
that the first lady is expected to act
as a host to the White House and
organize events and ceremonies of course
most of the time this role actually
falls on the office of the First Lady of
the United States which is made up of
official and paid positions more
realistically the role of first lady has
significantly changed over time and
become more and more important to the
president's administration early on
during the time of Martha Washington and
Abigail Adams first ladies were elite
public figures at the sides of their
husbands although they had little to no
political influence their presence did
embolden other women even still the
fourth First Lady Dolly Madison
pioneered the practice of championing
social causes a role which continues
today
she helped orphan children and supported
women's rights and even held her own
political opinions which she publicly
voiced around the 1930s with the arrival
of Eleanor Roosevelt the role of first
lady was dramatically expanded like
Madison Roosevelt was outspoken and
contributed to a newspaper column
sometimes openly disagreeing with her
husband she promoted more women in the
workplace civil rights and also helped
displace World War two refugees but
Roosevelt was also among the first of
the first ladies to stay involved in
politics after her husband's time in
office
she even headed the UN Commission on
Human Rights incredibly although a
former first lady may soon be running
the country in the early 1900's an
active first lady already assumed that
role when President Woodrow Wilson
suffered a stroke in 1919 his wife Edith
Wilson took over a number of important
duties that the president would have
been in charge of and for roughly a year
and a half she effectively ran the
executive branch herself and outside of
politics the role of first lady has
grown as a social position ever since
Jackie Kennedy's pill
hat swept the nation the first lady has
become a cultural icon for women
everywhere some of the more prominent
first lady's since Kennedy including
Michelle Obama are looked to not just as
role models but also as fashion plates
many have described the importance of
looking elegant but fashionable and the
first lady's threads are endlessly ripe
for criticism and compliments alike one
of the two current presidential nominees
Hillary Clinton served as first lady
after which time she entered the Senate
became Secretary of State and now could
be the first female president ever
if that happens former President Bill
Clinton would then be the first-ever
First Gentleman of the United States so
ultimately he'll be the one tasked with
throwing White House parties the female
vote has been a big topic of
conversation this election season
especially with Hillary Clinton leading
the Democratic Party we sat down with a
group of women to find out if having a
female candidate impacts their view of
this year's race we've seen a lot of
different kinds of women and being you
know put on the mainstage black women
Latino women today they'll be the first
openly trans woman speaking at the DNC
which is so exciting yeah yeah I'm
excited
thanks for watching seeker daily
everyone make sure you like and
subscribe so you get new videos from us
every day
