if you're watching this on any kind of
consumer electronic device then chances
are pretty high that you are indirectly
contributing to the war in the
Democratic Republic of Congo or DRC that
might sound like a bold accusation but
the reality is some of the mineral
resources use to manufacture your cell
phone or laptop come directly from
conflict zones in Africa where they are
sold by warlords and violent rebel
groups so what exactly are these
minerals and why is it so hard to stop
this practice well in the eastern DRC
also called the Congo more than five
million people have been killed in the
past two decades following what has been
called Africa's first world war many
blame this deadly conflict on the 1994
genocide in neighboring Rwanda where
Hutus killed Tutsis and mass but when
the Tutsis took over the government many
who had committed the genocide fearing
retribution fled to the Congo where the
Hutus began executing Tutsis again this
ultimately led to intervention from
multiple countries including Zimbabwe
Namibia Angola and Rwanda fighting
against numerous rebel groups and each
other the whole conflict is incredibly
complicated and perhaps one of the few
constants is that it is funded by
conflict minerals in particular these
minerals are consider right wolframite
coltan and gold ore which are all
reconstituted into common minerals like
tin tungsten tantalum and pure gold
the Congo area is one of the largest
sources of these minerals which has
contributed to the conflict as both
rebel groups and neighboring countries
exploit this region for its wealth
unlike other parts of the world with
significant resources almost none of it
is used to help those caught in the
middle of this endless conflict as a
result of corruption and a long history
of exploitative colonialism knowing this
many countries have attempted to stop
buying them
preferring minerals sourced from
conflict free zones in the United States
the dodd-frank financial reform law of
2010 specifically requires companies to
disclose if they use those materials as
well as where they come from
while that is a step in the right
direction and appears to have slowed
their sale
somewhat a much bigger problem arises as
most companies are actually unable to
say whether they are using conflict
minerals or not the main reason is that
the further back you go along the supply
chain the harder it is to find a mineral
origins they usually follow a path from
mines to trading houses to exporters to
intermediary countries to refineries and
finally production often they travel
from Africa to East Asia where they are
mixed with the same mineral from other
sources and this purified mixture is
then used in manufacturing or shipped
elsewhere before they leave conflict
zones records about the minerals origins
are often scarce or non-existent even
more problematically these minerals are
used everywhere from lightbulbs to bras
to earrings and especially consumer
electronics and the Congo is not the
only part of the world where conflict
minerals are a problem diamonds from
countries like Angola and Sierra Leone
are known to prolong wars in those
regions and even oil is in some ways
considered a conflict resource as groups
like Isis use it to fund their spread
unfortunately it's a bit of a catch-22
as long as these warring groups have
access to these resources the wars will
continue and as long as the wars
continue there don't appear to be enough
mechanisms in place to stop the
exploitation
besides these four conflict minerals
your phone is made up of as many as 75
elements not all of them ethically
sourced to find out what exactly is
inside your cell phone and why it takes
so many parts check out this video by
dnews gold and tin for example are used
in electronics wiring gold is an
excellent conductor and tin is a
critical part of the soldering process
thanks for watching seeker daily
everyone make sure to LIKE and subscribe
so you get new videos every day
