hey everybody thanks for tuning in to
seeker daily again I am trace and we're
here at the democratic national
convention in Philadelphia Pennsylvania
and today we're going to talk about
delegates and the DNC itself and Bernie
Sanders it's going to be really great
make sure you subscribe right here so
that you get all of our content all week
we're going to be here for another
couple of days but first I'm here not
alone but with three different people so
we've got Lynette hall she is an
alternative delegate for Hillary Clinton
who got Valdez Bravo he is a delegate
for Bernie Sanders and we've got ricardo
reyes who is with the republicans for
Hillary Clinton so we've got a bunch of
different topics here that we want to
talk about first the roll call yesterday
was awesome there's so much energy in
there yeah tell me a little bit about
what that was like for you guys okay for
sure for me I just thought to be in the
room where that like the roll call was
happening it's such a historic moment in
history I'll throughout all the years of
the DNC's of the other years to be there
when they elect like when you nominate
Hillary Clinton like the first female of
a major party like it's incredible and
like Banerjee like you said yeah
phenomenal yeah it was crazy right did
feel the same for like being a Bernie
Joe oh yeah I mean you know I saw
burners were really loud and proud and
passionate it was great i love the state
oregon i love my state and it was just
such an honor to be there to represent
them and just getting a chance to to
root for all those hard-earned votes we
got for Bernie it was really nice to be
able to do that with my fellow delegates
yeah well you know they say that
everyone Tunes in at night kinda for the
speeches but the best part really is the
roll call yeah that's the most exciting
part I wish people would tune in for
that because that's actually where
democracy takes place right like that's
where you can like feel it that's where
you can see it that's where it's like
the electricity is just there though
it's like people say like oh where are
we where with our democracy but that's
where it feels most alive i mean it's
it's on it's the best part by far the
campaign unfortunately most people don't
even know what happens yeah i think
that's actually a really great point I
mean I have followed politics for a long
time but to be in that room and watching
all of these people and all of this time
spent to work so hard for all of these
different people
to try and get in you're basically
working toward that moment all
throughout the primary season right and
now we have a new season a new chapter
in app but to close out that kind of
this chapter we did have like the Bernie
versus Hillary camp all throughout this
primary season and there was a walk out
of Bernie delegates at one point can you
talk a little bit about like what was
going on there sure so one thing that I
feel like you know Bernie Sanders
supporters I felt all year is the fact
that we haven't been heard necessarily
as far as what what we're trying to
accomplish with this political
revolution they're kind of getting all
the issues adopted into the Democratic
National you know the national platform
the Democrats we have this most
progressive platform in history you've
heard Bernie say that I agree with that
but we'd like though they think that we
can go farther with it and so we wanted
to send some kind of message that we
want to be heard and these are the
things that we feel like we need to hear
about to and have adopted for unity yeah
because the unity is the theme of this
convention and so we decided to
coordinate beforehand to do a walkout at
the end of the roll call and we went a
couple hundred feet across from the
convention doors into the media tent and
we occupied the media tent for about 90
minutes and it was Bernie delegates from
across all 57 states and territories
united and talking about the same things
we've been talking about all year right
there in the heart of media to
convention we felt that it was an
opportunity to tell our story and tell
the DNC and the Hillary campaign what we
still feel like we need to be able to
feel like we're invested in to come on
board for unity yeah I mean it was like
it was just right over here like 50 feet
away right it was pretty intense moments
for a little while and a lot of people
coming in they lock down the building
for a little bit and I mean I guess how
did that feel being outside of it did
you guys see what was going on I
honestly had no idea what was happening
and you know I noticed everyone walking
out of the convention I'm like okay I
get what's happening now yeah they're
gonna do a walk outs I didn't know where
they were going or what they were doing
where they were like ending up or
anything like that but it was a little
strange yeah but i didn't i didn't
expect anything else really I did expect
something
happen yeah I know I think after all of
this effort it's hard to kind of just
end it and be like okay cool right well
I think there's this notion that
conventions are these kind of
celebratory events where people comes in
and essentially the candidate is already
chosen and everyone neatly comes in and
it just becomes like a giant one week
pep rally for I handed it but that's not
really that hasn't always been the case
that's been the case in recent history
but the reason these conventions take
place I mean they used to take place is
because delegates used to come from all
over and there was an actual debate in
an actual discussion and there are
instances in American history and going
back all the way you know into Greek
history x where these conventions are
brought together to decide who the
leader is going to be but we have added
this new notion that it's like
everything should be sewn up nice and
tight and if there's any controversy
there's something wrong that's the
original purpose of the convention I
guess you should have this like lively
discourse and debate and people should
feel that they want to be heard and
after that everyone comes out a unified
party with a unified nominee but there
should be healthy discussion in order to
get that could I add on to yeah
absolutely so I totally that's totally
true um you know why people were like
Sanders supporters give it up California
math yeah and you know you know it's
time to you know stop fighting but a lot
of us especially with Bernie Sanders
supporters being new to the process he's
pulled tremendous amounts of people into
the political process for the first time
we're all thinking it's that kind of
democratic national convention we're all
reading about stories about how FDR
Franklin Delano Delano Roosevelt came
into his convention behind on delegates
and was able to use Paul ticking and
coalition building and conversation
negotiation on the floor to change the
outcome of that convention right it so
we're looking at 1968 convention where
you have the people on the floor and
they're calling up and and it was you
know chaos but it was it was democracy
that's what democracy looks like it's
really coming in here if I think a lot
of Bernie Sanders supporters felt kind
of like why are we already calling
Hillary the nominee when we haven't had
that vote it's not till Tuesday sat till
tomorrow when are we going to get a
chance to make our emotions into our
floor you know they have that discourse
and talk about ideas and try to maybe
move some of these super delegates using
polling numbers and other objective data
to try to persuade them but as you said
it's really kind of already decided by
that point and we're kind of coming in
here just
kind of the ceremony I would have liked
to seen a little more discussion in
Cleveland a week ago frankly yes I know
that there's a lot of Republican league
leaders who are not comfortable with
Trump as the candidate and I was
disappointed that I didn't see more of
that kind of push back in at that
convention like you saw from from the
Bernie supporters at this dimension I
think I think that's good for a healthy
democracy to happen there should be
multiple voices yeah i mean that's as
you said that's what the conventions are
supposed to be about it's only been in
recent years that we've showed up and
this is likely because from an optics
perspective it's better to show up have
everything decided have everybody on the
same page and then walk forward together
right and you can still walk forward
together I feel like even if you weren't
walking in together if that makes sense
all right you walk out together even if
you didn't walk in together I think it's
very telling that the that the Bernie
delegates waited until after the roll
call vote and then walk and it wasn't I
think they registered their protest and
they were and they heard but it wasn't a
true disruption I mean they didn't come
in to kind of demolishor destroy the
convention itself so yeah the way they
chose to protest I thought was very
telling and respectful and that was a
big part of the conversation we had set
up you know apps and as you know social
media connection tools to talk across
those 57 states and territories with
whips in each state representing and
taking messages back to their people and
keeping it on the down low until we were
just ready to go with it but that was a
key part of the discussion we knew that
the mothers of the movement we're going
to be coming out fairly shortly after
the roll call we definitely wanted to
show our support for them black lives
matter movement is a huge part of what
we are all about in the People's
Revolution so we wanted to be there to
support that and so that was part of our
timing and we had people on the inside
texting us and messaging us to keep us
aware of when that was happening and
that was our big push to exit and end
the end the occupation of the media tent
is because we wanted to get in there for
those mothers of the movement yeah yeah
so uh you mentioned last week you know
as Republicans for Hillary Clinton like
you have a a unique kind of experience
for both of those weeks can you talk a
little bit about how you ended up here
at the DNC sure yeah sure
the fact of the matter is my background
and where I come from and what I believe
in is very much a free market open trade
globalization type look I believe that
the United States has a responsibility
and actually it's good for the u.s. to
kind of be a leader and include itself
in conversations that are happening at a
global scale I think the moment we
stepped down and stop doing that China
or Russia or another power will step in
and take that leadership role so for
various national security and economic
reasons I firmly believe that we need to
stay engaged and continue to lead a be a
global leader here unfortunately the
torch bearer for the for the Republicans
now is somebody who is complete
isolationist very much he is I mean just
speaking on isolation and economic
issues and national security issues I
think what he espouses is very very
dangerous not to mention the zena phobic
kind of racist intolerant message that
he's putting forward so all around its
somebody who I have no idea how the
Republicans or people who call
themselves Republicans based on look I I
came here from Nicaragua I came I we
fled a communist revolution to come here
and in those days the Republicans very
much took a very strong anti-communist
Pro opportunity position where they said
look anyone can come here and work hard
and make it that's partners and I'm
sitting here very good a business and so
I don't I do not recognize what's
happening right now as far as that
current candidate and so on the other
hand Hillary Clinton has shown in her
time at the Senate in her time as
Secretary of State a willingness that
few others have shown to kind of reach
across the aisle on particularly
important issues because the fact of the
matter is we're two-party system a one
party's not going to get it done and
we've seen what what kind of that that
lockdown can do through Bush and Obama
administrations neither administration
can get the things they need to get done
done yeah she she authored bills that
were bipartisan she reached across the
aisles on specific issues that were good
be there are an infrastructure be there
on trade issues be
there are national security issues be
there on taxation issues and I think
actually there's more we can get a lot
more accomplished by working together
but I just don't hear that from the
current Republican nominee Donald Trump
right so you kind of coming out here to
say like look if there are the
Republicans we can figure this out
together but yeah I think I think part
of the idea is that that voice that I
just espoused just isn't out there and
so I think from from trump pushing an
isolationist point of view Bernie
pushing a more or less kind of a you
know let's let's get our house in order
before we do to free trade and free
trade is bad kind of position my worry
is that the other position isn't isn't
being spoken at all and the Republicans
aren't doing and that's been our
responsibility historically to do it so
I I wouldn't say I broke with the
Republicans I say I definitely broke
with a Republican leadership and I
definitely broke with the de facto
leader of the party but you wouldn't
imagine the amount of phone calls and
encouragement I've gotten from true kind
of free-market individual liberty
conservatives that have called me and
said you know i'm there i wanna i want
to do what you can and i think trump is
an existential threat to the existing
united state i'm in you could almost
call it classical republicanism at this
point right in this being new
republicanism almost I think so I mean I
don't know what it is i mean i think
what you're seeing with the Trump
influence is more of the xenophobic
right-wing extremism that you're seeing
in Europe yeah a lot of that kind of the
immigrants out we should push away from
trade issues let's not work with other
countries this kind of hyper hyper
isolationist kind of racist undertone
it's it's more of an import I mean
neither party historically has done that
just so blatantly and so no I think I
think there have been voices I think
there have been voices that heretofore
haven't had haven't felt that they had a
voice I think you'll see things like
David Duke former KKK member now running
for Senate saying that Donald Trump
inspired him to do this and so I think
these voices that that didn't really
find a place in either party now find a
place in a party led by Donald Trump
and I think it's it's a case of
unfortunately these negative voices
almost acting like a parasite coming
into the Republican Party of eating it
from the inside out and yeah i think if
if Trump wins I think it's the death of
the Republican Party with ya know it
when one thing that I was telling people
they talked to at the media occupation
was you know we feel like you know we
definitely don't want Trump we don't
want Trump and like Bernie we're going
to everything we can to make sure that
Trump is not the nominee but we want
something to also vote for we don't want
something strictly to vote against right
and so as you say neo republicanism you
know a lot of people think of
neoliberalism as being you know being a
liberal or being a progressive but and
then some but a lot of us feel like the
neoliberal policies of the first Clinton
administration and a lot of the free
trade and deals proposed by the the
upcoming potential Clinton
administration are really not what what
we're about and what's good for the
working class and middle class Americans
and that's contributing to the rigged
economy in the diminishing middle class
America so we feel like as much as we
definitely be wary of and advocating
against voting people voting for Donald
Trump we feel like we need to be talking
about issues that Bernie Sanders was
talking about and that's going to be the
key to unity I think is if the the DNC
and the Hillary campaign are able to
start showing some meaningful shifts in
that direction and staying there and not
tacking right choice in general I think
she's going to have a lot more luck
winning over this 13 million Bernie
Sanders supporters oh no ok yeah I mean
how do you feel like being a Hillary
delegate do you guys feel like you are
the big majority or does it feel kind of
in the hall like it's two groups you
know do you guys know connect I I
personally feel connected i think unity
is the key to this whole thing like
stronger together it's the point of this
whole convention like that's the motto
of this convention is stronger together
but you can tell that when you're in the
hall there is some sort of divide there
but it does depend also what states here
you're looking at sure nevada had a
really turbulent election season like
our primary was very just we won we won
that we won the the caucus on februari
20th but then we had to go to the county
convention the state convention that
finally here and it's just been a lot to
take in like there's been a lot of
disputes between the Bernie people in
the Hillary people so for us it's a
little different because we're a little
bit more turbulent than the other states
i would say yeah yeah i mean every state
does it a little different which i think
brings us nicely into what the heck does
a delegate even do like i know here like
we're awesome hats yeah like buns and
swag you know like there's a lot of like
really great feelings about what the
delegates are doing yeah and as we were
saying earlier in the hall during roll
call everybody's excited and shouting
and you know there are people who are
representatives and senators and
governors and but there's also people
who you know 102 year old woman and you
know like there's also just these people
who are average people so maybe just
briefly tell me kind of how you became a
delegate and and what what is your job
here okay so I've been a lifelong
Democrat since I was 18 it soon as I got
the army I started campaigning and
voluntary and I but I always done every
four years and I never kind of
questioned them behind the scenes
process of how those votes that happen
in that primary get turned into actual
representation here at the convention
never never lie just had pushed it so
the way I became involved was a
grassroots organizer back home saw my
passion during the campaign season the
volunteering the activism that I was
showing and my ability to communicate
Bernie's message in our local community
and she said why don't you run to be a
delegate and like well what were you
talking about and just really quickly
the way an Oregon it works is shortly
after the primary there's a district a
congressional district convention where
people have to register to attend and
have registered to a run as a state
delegate a national Delia or just to
show up as a voter to participate in the
process and and have that voice of who
you do send to the convention so I went
to the district convention congressional
district five back in Oregon from
Portland Oregon and and look fortunately
the Bernie supporters voted for me and
three others to represent them at the at
the Democratic convention after that
there's a state convention where state
delegates came together who are also
voted on it as prevention and we
nominated our delegation chair and some
at-large delegates and alternate so in
case someone got sick or something
they'd be good at representation on the
floor and so that all happened in June
and then in July we got together met and
strategize about how we were gonna do
all these voters are these delegates at
the convention but that's because we
were thinking it was 40 years ago and
yeah well how did you become a delicate
you're pretty young delegate I am yeah I
just turned 18 in March so this is all
very new to me my first vote and
everything so I'm very honored to be
here so i joined the Hillary Clinton
campaign a week after she announced in
april of last year just super enthused
about her and everything she stands for
so i just got involved over twitter i
contacted one of the organizers and then
i just got involved and did phone calls
and canvassing became a fellow so it was
sort of like a job but not a job you
know um so we just been working really
hard in Nevada and now we're finally
here same thing as Oregon it sounds like
with the different levels of the
conventions and everything like that
where we were elected and then we each
had to give like a speech at the state
convention to be elected here like over
a hundred people ran in my specific
congressional district so I'm very lucky
to be here yeah but um so yeah pretty
much the same thing but it's so funny
cuz it's kind of like an election
underneath the election videos about
yeah that people never really talked
about that much and have specific jobs
then once you become a delegate well um
so within each delegation there what
they call whips and it's not exactly
like being in the you know house of
Congress it's basically someone that's
going to make sure people are on the bus
to get to the convention on time people
are gonna be on the floor building these
seats who are going to vote the way that
the campaign needs them to we're
expecting their the phone's going to
ring at that statewide you know in the
seating and we're gonna okay we're the
campaign wants us to vote yay on this or
nay on that and we had papers and stuff
but again this isn't 1968 but so
basically the whip is basically just
helping coordinate everybody and there
were two of us were voted Morgan we
decided for gender equity to have a male
whip and a female web sign the male whip
for Oregon and most fun serac is the
female what we're most veterans that's
pretty cool she's a Marine I'm re oh and
then the campaign
appointed some supplemental whoops it's
really just the kind of you know some
point people that the campaign and our
state party can work with to make sure
that everyone is getting the messaging
because there's a lot of communication
happening so much communication I think
the key about this whole thing is
communication everyone knows what's
going on when it's happening like the
timing is all you need to know where
you're going to be at what time and
everything you know yeah yeah so now
once you come here and you're a delegate
here at the conventions it do you guys
work together is it like is that part of
the unity system where now you are
starting to exchange information and you
know I mean being here you're obviously
going to meet delegates that you may not
have met otherwise but they're going to
start interacting and like I guess speak
to kind of the unity system now that and
especially now Republicans for Hillary
are here too you know it's everybody is
in one place yeah so does that kind of
bring you all together naturally well
you know in Oregon we're very fortunate
because that you know Oregon you know
the Oregon Democratic platform is very
similar to the burning platform we're
very progress has been organized and so
there is probably more that unites us
than divides us as far as yeah you know
being Democrats in Oregon you know
there's the moderate wing of the
Democratic Party in those progressive
wing but feeling Oregon we are very very
similar now we have different ideas
about you know who should be leading the
charge and the judgment and
qualification and all that but as far as
actual delegates and meaning my you know
Hillary delegate you know I've met some
great people that I didn't know before
this there's another guy about my age
that's a you know a Native American as
well and we've talked about Native
American issues because I'm a part
Native American and it's it's been it's
been really great and to make those
connections because regardless of what
happens in November in 2016 if from a
Bernie Sanders perspective if we're
going to really achieve a bottom up
revolution People's Revolution in and
really over give a press and make over
to the Democratic Party it's going to
take working together and we can't be
regardless of how people vote November
we're going to have to work together in
these relationships so we're forging
here at the convention and back home at
our state convention or say party that's
going to be the key to making it happen
right and going off at it's more than
just the presidential election it's all
the local x
that we have and we all have to like
work together to get the Democrats up
and down the ticket so that's another
part of the thing and I think meeting
all the other Bernie delegates and all
of that it's it's really fun to me all
the new people and everything but uh
like I said Nevada's really strange date
I feel in this whole process I don't
know I feel like we had a more rough
lead up to this national convention but
overall I think it's Wednesday today and
tomorrow's the big day I feel like maybe
by tomorrow night we'll have more unity
than we do today like after last night
but you know it takes time yeah it does
and what and 11 other thing I would just
say is the the I talked earlier about
the media occupation really again that's
just about the progressive wing of the
Democratic Party wanting to be heard
wanting to feel like they're being
included and that they're the 13 million
votes actually you know come to really
make a meaningful impact on the party
now a lot of us are not you know super
happy with the vice presidential nominee
we probably was too big too close to
Wall Street and you know corporate
Democrat but we feel like if if those
kind of if our our power issues in our
platform really truly do become the
Democratic platform and that the
platform that we've drafted here in
Orlando goes forward and and is adopted
we can ban the TPP and put an end to
super-delegates like the unity
Commission is now proposing to do yeah
and hopefully eliminate super PACs those
are the things that I think would make
it really easy at the local level to
come together because if at the top this
is a bottom up revolution but structural
things like that come also come from the
top down so I think that would make it
really easy to work together but I for
all you out there in the local community
or have all these new Bernie kratz
coming in please listen to them here
then respect them and work with them
because we are passionate and we will
bend over backwards we feel like we need
to be invited to the table and respected
I think that's a prime example of a
party working within its organization
and should help get some voices
listening different things and I think
I'm sitting here as an example of what
happens when a strong voice is is feels
like they have absolutely no no ears
right yeah and we feel we're not being
hurt or we feel that the leadership of
the party or the candidate of the party
has so abandoned our primary points of
view that we see no other solution I
mean to the
where um what is traditionally the
opposing party I think has more in
common than the leadership so I think
that it's very important to continue to
listen to the voices within so they can
so that you continue to feel as one
party you will have internal debates
about them the way the party should
progress it's not going to happen all at
once and so when you have this hope for
you know in four years we'll come back
people will continue to listen to us and
we can move gradually in that direction
it's a very different feeling than
what's happening in the Republicans with
the nerve yeah yeah so when it comes to
this though it like as a Hillary
delegate do you feel like you guys are
starting to embrace all of these other
viewpoints as well or do you like you
feel that unity kind of coming in i do
i'm pretty confident I'm like 1000%
comment ever going to unite by the by
November yeah let's just see you nite by
November I think that Hillary delegates
went through the same like hurt the
heartache the the emotional trials that
the burning people are going through
right now that she did in 2008 with
Barack Obama with the super-delegates
that went from Obama over her and all of
that so it's similar and a lot of our
delegates not me I was a little young so
I know about that back then but feel
like they are connected in that sort of
way so we have like that same point of
view that we can talk about and all that
but I'm really confident that we're
gonna unite yeah yeah I think and that's
again that is the point of the
convention and again it's nice to have
everyone here being able to talk to each
other all at the same time when it comes
to like stuff like there are all this
politics still happening you know the
email link that happened over the last
weekend and stepping down of Wasserman
Schultz and you know all of this do you
think that that well first I guess
coming from one from like kind of a
party outsider like how does that how do
you view that now that you're kind of
working with this group look at politics
and democracy a mess is a messy process
right it's a messy system and then
there's an old joke that says it all the
people that actually should be running
the country are either too busy cutting
hair or driving cabs so and what that
means is look we don't necessarily get
the people who you think you know would
lead the people who you think would lead
the country are probably in your
neighborhood or in your home or people
you run across there
single day and so the choices we make
our further are for the people who have
chosen this this this career this line
know as politics which is going into
politics and it's always going to be
messy it's going to be messy because no
one's perfect I know I wouldn't want to
be under the type of scrutiny that any
politician is under on a regular basis
but it's all almost all so messy because
you're running against opponents and you
know the pastime of the politician when
you're not running is to throw dirt upon
your opponent right and so yeah so and
so you're gonna see that and you're
gonna see lapses in judgment and lapse
in judgment that that we that we make on
a single day basis aren't investigated
by the FBI nuts right and don't
constitute potential security issues but
show me an honest politician you know
show me a politician with no faults yeah
I mean nobody nobody is perfect nobody
has a flaw at least a winning politician
oh yeah what about you guys you guys
feel like that that has affected your
experience as delegates here like is
that strengthen your position is it
weakened your position has it done the
opposite you know you know it's kind of
in a tough spot right now you know the
signals being sent that we're being
listened to I mean all year long we felt
like we were being you know gasps
flighted about you know the fact that we
had no forces working against the
burning campaign from the DNC and that
is to say that people were telling us
that we were imagining it we're paranoid
we're sore losers and we're just making
up excuses for why Bernie was
underperforming with these email links
coming out it's clear that that was the
case we feel like we have been validated
by the leaks sure artists I had to come
to that to you know get that out you
know yeah loser I've said sunlight is
the best disinfectant right so but now
we're at the point where okay Debbie
wasserman-schultz has resigned yeah but
is that something that's merely going to
make this you know obviously the Sanders
supporters my fellow center supporters
were you know happy to see that because
you felt like there was some
accountability being had there yeah but
with unless there's a total revolution
of the DNC leadership we then I feel
like we're not we're going to be the
same place because
now the people that are leading the part
the DNC now are the same people that
knew about these leaks when they were
happening and they're still in office
and did watch them and Schultz to them
we need a total revolution and and I
think that would be one key thing to
bring unity with us because that would
show that we are being respected like
Ryan Lynette what do you think how do
you feel about that I have a different
point of view sure personally I really
like debbie Wasserman Schultz um a lot
of the Hillary people do obviously sure
and now she's working with the hillary
campaign right i do think that this
email new email scanned all this that's
coming out right now like right before
the command started during the
convention all of this is sort of
aggravating the unity sort of but the
point is i think in our mind Hilary
people's minds she won more votes than
Bernie I'm join as she won and the DNC
could not like overturn that decision
you just look at the votes she won more
than a million more votes than he did
right and the platform is the most
progressive platform in the history of
our party so I think it's a good good
year for us I think yeah I mean I think
that's a great point is that as much as
the DNC can email each other and say
here's what we like right this decision
was made by other people right at the
end of the day and yes super delegates
can influence that decision but
mathematically speaking the voters made
a lot of this decision if not almost all
of it right but at the same time moving
past it and getting getting through that
together and working together in the end
is the goal yes I guess kind of really
briefly do you feel like I guess that's
possible just to kind of wrap it up you
know I think right now the eyes of the
world are and what are the 13 million
Sanders supporters like myself is going
to do I've been asked that probably a
million times here at this convention
and really I don't think people should
put the onus on the Bernie Sanders
supporters Bernie did his part he
endorsed Hillary he got behind her he
pledged his delegates to her yesterday
so Bernie has done his part we're kind
of waiting and seeing to see what the
party and Hillary Clinton in the
campaign are going to do what are they
going to do to bring us in and you know
people say well if you believe use them
you say you believe in Bernie and you
know Bernie saying to support Hillary so
she just do that but we believe in
Bernie we believe that he is saying that
that we believe that he's saying way he
believes to be true the heli clamp is a
better candidate than chomp not
everybody in the 13 million Bernie
voters they're not alter a value on that
yeah so that's why it's going to take
meaningful things like you know
structural change within the DNC and
other things to show the progressives
that we're being heard and that we're
being respected in the party but you I
think you'll see you'll see that's going
to be the outcome the onus is on on the
party in the campaign right I think it's
important to know that this week is
focused on the Democrats but after after
everything's said and done here and we
moved on we have a general election to
look at ya hold it also we have to come
together not the party has to do is
healing come together but in the nation
has to come together and look at stuff
beyond the party and decide between the
the two candidates that we're going to
have in the wigan which is better for
the country overall yeah and I think
then beyond that you have to look at
who's gonna who's going to govern and
the way we govern here is as as a unity
as a unity and together and divided
government so whoo-hoo best can work
with Congress and in Congress there's
going to be Republicans and Democrats
working together and so the idea is not
only does the Democrat Party have to
come together but after that after the
elections hopefully Hillary wins and
then the country comes together and we
actually start moving forward and get
beyond kind of this bipartisan divisions
Lynette yeah final thought I think we're
gonna come together I'm competent us to
come together but I do think it's gonna
take time I think the goal is just to
get it done by November yeah um like
Ricardo said it's just the goal is to
beat Donald Trump and I think I hope a
lot of Bernie people and a lot of
Republicans like yourself realize that
Hillary Clinton is so much better than
Donald Trump yeah and the goal is just
to have a Democrat in the White House
great thanks a lot of guys for joining
us thanks you guys for tuning into
secret daily today make sure you
subscribe so you get more of our live
streams we're gonna be here for another
few days you can also find us on
snapchat find us on Instagram and of
course on Twitter so thanks again for
tuning in we'll see you next time feel
the word
