when Hillary Clinton accepts the
nomination at the Democratic National
Convention she'll be the first ever
female presidential nominee for a major
party but Clinton is also the first-ever
female presidential nominee to have been
the subject of an FBI investigation
while running for office in early July
the director of the FBI recommended no
charges be filed against Clinton so we
wanted to know what exactly was Hillary
Clinton accused of and why won't she be
indicted the primary issue that was
investigated was Clinton's use of a
private email server for official
government communication while serving
as Secretary of State from 2009 to 2013
as a high-ranking government official
Clinton and her server were specifically
targeted by hackers with a Senate
investigation discovering cyberattacks
originating in China South Korea and
Germany although she states that the
server was on property guarded by the
Secret Service its physical location is
almost totally irrelevant various people
including one high-profile hacker
claimed to have easily breached
Clinton's server and in a report
released by the State Department's
inspector general it was revealed that
the Clinton team neglected to report
hacking attempts to department officials
in response Clinton's campaign has
stated that there is no evidence there
was ever a breach the FBI director
confirmed this lack of evidence while
affirming it was still possible that
hostile actors had gained access to the
account another reason for the service
scrutiny is that by using private email
Clinton was able to control the
historical record of her communication
the federal government regularly
archives the communications of its
officials from its government email
accounts both for record-keeping and
accountability with a private server
Clinton had the option of choosing which
emails were archived which defeats the
point of public record keeping however
when Clinton was forced to turn over her
emails she and her staff deleted more
than 30,000 claiming they were too
personal to share and not related to
government matters of course there's no
way to actually verify this information
without the emails themselves and even
if Clinton did not break any laws the
State Department report made it clear
that she did not seek permission to use
her own server nor would she received it
if she asked
the report also included testimony where
those who brought up the servers and
security were told to quote never speak
of it again the July 2016 statement by
FBI director James Comey reported that a
hundred and ten emails and fifty-two
email chains stored on the private
server contained classified information
eight of the chains were top secret 36
secret and eight confidential Camino de
that Clinton's email use was lacking in
care for classified information and that
a person in similar circumstances would
likely see some consequence however the
FBI found no evidence that there was
quote clearly intentional and willful
mishandling of classified information
nor that vast quantities of materials
were exposed that Clinton was disloyal
to the United States or obstructing
justice realistically it's not
surprising that Clinton wasn't indicted
only two high-level government officials
have ever been indicted CIA director
David Petraeus and former national
security adviser sandy Berger but even
they didn't see any prison time instead
they were put on probation and made to
pay a fine Clinton avoiding an
indictment bodes very well for her and
may just take away one of trumps biggest
arguments in the general election but
although she isn't being indicted
Hillary Clinton is still a highly
controversial figure after more than
four decades in American politics
Clinton has been embroiled in a number
of scandals and accusations to find out
why Hillary Clinton is so controversial
check out this video
in fact the Benghazi investigation is
another major controversy for Clinton in
this incident Islamic extremists in
Libya attacked two US compounds killing
four Americans at the time Clinton was
Secretary of State and was thus
responsible for overseeing security
critics say Clinton neglected the safety
of the Benghazi compounds as they were
left with a number of security failures
thanks for watching seeker daily don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos every day
