2016 was the year of controversial
referendums in Colombia voters rejected
a peace deal that would have brought an
end to half a century of war in the
United Kingdom voters opted to leave the
European Union the first country to do
so since the union's formation and in
Thailand voters gave the military
greater control over the country
alienating the democratic process
most of these referendums passed by
relatively narrow margins and shook
establishment ideals to their core so
what are the inherent dangers in holding
referendums well some believe that
referendums are undemocratic despite
serving as a direct form of democracy in
fact referendums ultimately served to
highlight the flaws and having policy
decisions made by majority rule
referendums are nothing new they've been
used since ancient Rome to decide issues
of policy even Adolf Hitler was able to
consolidate power by way of a referendum
but today most democratic countries
operate as representative democracies
meaning that instead of citizens voting
directly on policy issues as they do
during referendums they instead vote for
elected officials these officials are
implicitly trusted to learning about the
ins and outs of policy and what
potential pitfalls or benefits each
decision may have but with referendums
voters are tasked with these nuanced
decisions something many do not have the
time or inclination to fully understand
most voters must rely on new social
media their friends and family and other
non direct or fully informed sources in
some cases this has misled voters for
example a brexit campaign in the UK
promised to direct 350 million pounds a
week from payments to the EU to the
country's overburdened health care
system some voters cited this as a
convincing argument to leave the EU but
following the vote its lead proponent
backtracked on the statement saying it
was a mistake and that the money
wouldn't necessarily go to health care
another major problem is that the
substance of a referendum can end up
being ignored in favor of whichever
political party supports it in Italy for
example a referendum on clearing up a
time-consuming bureaucracy ultimately
ended up being treated by many as a
referendum on the
hilarity of the Prime Minister because
the PM promised to resign if the
referendum wasn't passed it gave voters
an entirely unrelated reason to vote
without even considering the question on
which they were voting skewing the
result finally and perhaps most
problematically this form of direct
democracy highlights the entire purpose
of representative democracy to protect
minority rights implicitly the majority
will always overrule a minority a
situation called tyranny of the majority
for example for hundreds of years in the
u.s. African Americans were denied the
right to vote meaning they were denied
the right to democracy simply because
the majority was white in fact many who
opposed giving African Americans this
right to vote did so to protect their
majority interests and ultimately it
took a constitutional amendment to fix
the injustice referendums open the door
to this sort of anti democracy ideal and
allow an almost equal half of the voting
population to exert overwhelming control
on the other half 2017 we'll likely see
two major referendums one on the
independence of Catalonia from Spain the
other in Turkey would grant the
president more power but the reasons
listed and others suggest referendums
may be inefficient methods of effecting
change in government on the other hand
some people support the idea of
referendums as they can give the voice
of the country back to its people rather
than vesting it in political officials
direct democracy via referendum has
worked on local levels and Switzerland
for example has held more than 600
referendums in its political history but
whether you think these votes help or
harm a country there's no question that
referendums are incredibly powerful
tools of change so what about the United
States can it truly be called a
democracy or is it something else
entirely find out in this video in a
representative democracy citizens vote
for elected officials who collectively
vote in the place of citizens and our
expected to represent their best
interests although that's a step above
having a monarchy or oligarchy you
didn't vote for it isn't a direct
democracy thanks for watching seeker
daily please don't forget to Like and
subscribe for more videos every day
you
