in 2006 Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey
launched the social networks first tweet
in the decades since Twitter has given
way to social movements like the Arab
Spring and Occupy Wall Street the site
has been embraced by 2016 presidential
candidates as well as world leaders
celebrities and even the Pope with this
in mind we wanted to know just how
powerful is Twitter
well when Twitter hit the web the
founders set a mandate for brevity
tweets cannot exceed 140 characters and
users can group ideas with hashtags
this gave the social network a unique
identity separate from competitors
Twitter quickly became a gateway between
companies and consumers at its peak in
2013 the company was worth more than 30
billion dollars however due to slowing
user growth and revenue loss it's worth
is plummeted to about 10 billion still
the platform boasts more than 300
million active users which is roughly
equal to the population of the United
States and even after massive layoffs in
2015 the company still employs nearly
4,000 people all around the world but
despite their dwindling power as a
business Twitter is still a driving
force in politics and the media in the
political world the platform took off in
2008 as a campaign tool for then
presidential candidate Barack Obama
seeing the success of his presidential
run conservatives took to social media
as well
in 2009 the newly formed Tea Party
movement brought in their influence by
reaching out to followers through their
Twitter page rather than through mailers
or leaflets today Twitter is not just a
niche tool for politicians it's an
essential part of their reality in the
2016 presidential race frontrunner
Donald Trump is by far more active on
Twitter than any of his opponents his
so-called mastery of the platform has
been linked to his campaign success
Trump could be taking notes from Obama's
strategy during the 2012 election as
Obama out tweeted his rival Mitt Romney
eight times over when Obama coined the
term romnesia to illustrate his opponent
inconsistent political stances the
hashtag took off on Twitter the critique
of Romney was Lauda Dazz one of the key
causes of his loss but perhaps Twitter's
greatest power isn't its ability to
organize and unite people for a common
cause this was demonstrated in 2011 when
Egyptians took to the streets to rally
against their long-running President
Hosni Mubarak
during the week before Mubarak's
resignation tweets about Egypt ballooned
from just over 2,000 a day to nearly a
quarter million this inspired Twitter
organized protests in Turkey Libya and
Ukraine a string of events known as the
Twitter revolution
experts say internal communication
through social media was essential to
these popular uprisings as media outlets
were often controlled by oppressive
governments but despite its overwhelming
use as a force of good Twitter is also a
promotional tool for terrorist groups
like Isis in an effort to condemn such
behavior the company has shut down more
than 125,000 accounts with pro terrorism
rhetoric the move was applauded by the
Obama administration which is pushed for
more government collaboration with
social media sites so just how powerful
is Twitter well with its popularity
among corporations politicians and
activists there's no denying the social
networks widespread reach but Twitter's
real power may lie in its ability to get
the world to embrace brevity social
media networks such as Twitter have
given a voice to millions of people
hoping to inspire change to see how
technology has influenced civil rights
movements from the days of MLK to today
check out this video from seeker stories
one big key difference is the use of
technology how technology has been an
instrumental tool in bringing folks
together and scaling and the work at a
pace that really was unheard of in the
60s the year since Mike Brown has been
killed as
over three times as many protests
happening as 1965 thanks for watching
seeker daily please make sure to
subscribe so you can see new videos
every day
