in 2016 the United States angered Russia
by activating a missile defense system
in Romania few countries around the
world have the means to implement their
own missile defense systems so which
ones do well missile defense is
incredibly complex and expensive and
it's been described as trying to hit a
bullet with another bullet originally it
was a byproduct of the Cold War as
Russia and the u.s. squared off with
their nuclear weapons stockpiles the
threat of attack kept both from actually
using any but it was clear that
whichever side perfected their defense
technology would have the upper hand and
in a strange twist better defense
actually increased the risk of nuclear
war so in 1972 the two countries signed
the anti-ballistic missile treaty which
limited their missile defense to cover
just the countries capitals Washington
DC and Moscow as well as their missile
launch sites which is 10 years after it
was signed the United States announced
the disastrous Strategic Defense
Initiative nicknamed Star Wars this
system was part of President Ronald
Reagan's attempts to end the doctrine of
mutually assured destruction and worked
basically by shooting lasers from space
the leader of Russia's Communist Party
called the plan insane and so did many
of Reagan's critics after 30 billion
dollars in spending Star Wars was
eventually shut down and transformed
into America's national missile defense
program which relies on radar and
satellite tracking to take down incoming
missiles since 1985 the US has spent
roughly a hundred and eighty billion
dollars on missile defense alone in 2002
the u.s. withdrew from the
anti-ballistic missile treaty and placed
anti-ballistic missiles on Navy ships
patrolling around the world as well as
in the Black Sea near Russia the u.s.
cited security concerns from rogue
states and terrorists
another country heavily reliant on
missile defense is Israel the program
called the arrow was built and funded in
collaboration with the United States the
arrow was introduced when it was
revealed that a number of neighboring
Middle Eastern states had acquired
long-range surface-to-surface missiles
but Israel also seized a large number of
short-range rocket attacks from Hamas in
the Gaza Strip to combat that problem
the country also has what they call the
Iron Dome which is a missile defense
system that uses faster and smaller
missiles and has a reported success rate
of about 90 percent while 31 countries
of ballistic missiles only five
countries have their own form of missile
defense besides the US Israel and Russia
missile defense systems are also
operated by India as well as France
which shares technology with Italy and
the UK but despite the huge cost and
significance of defending against
potential nuclear missiles the reality
of these systems is that they frequently
miss their targets and testing and may
not be nearly as reliable as they need
to be for protection we couldn't make
fantastic episodes like this without our
sponsor domain.com
if you're an entrepreneur innovator or
building a small business domain.com is
the place to go when that next great
idea hits you join millions of others
online with your com or.net domain name
plus domain comm is affordable reliable
and will get you online quickly be
recognized with the world's premier web
addresses and our friends at domain.com
are giving seeker fans 20% off domain
names and web hosting when you use
coupon code seeker at checkout since
defense systems mainly work to stop
nuclear attacks it's pretty important to
know who actually has the capability to
launch one so which countries have
nuclear weapons find out in this video
then we have three nuclear capable
countries with bombs that are not part
of the NPT India Pakistan and Israel
these countries refused to sign the
treaty before it was put into effect in
1970 primarily because it capped the
number of countries who are allowed to
have nuclear weapons at five the five
countries that already had them thanks
for checking out seeker daily don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos every day
