citizenship is one of the few rights
that ostensibly everyone gets just for
the sake of being born although there
are other avenues to becoming a citizen
like marriage or employment those are
often arduous and unsuccessful but in a
handful of countries getting citizenship
is actually quite simple
it's as easy as writing a check so we
wanted to know where can you buy
citizenship well as of 2016
nine countries are effectively selling
citizenship most are small islands in
the Caribbean and the Mediterranean and
all are relatively cash-strapped
allowing foreigners to buy citizenship
has the obvious effect of raising the
country's GDP but can also culminate in
long-term economic prosperity through
investments in housing and
infrastructure with that in mind many
countries have made it easy and even
affordable for people to buy their way
in the cheapest option is the Caribbean
island of Dominica where citizenship can
be purchased for just a hundred thousand
dollars or a real estate investment of
at least $200,000 this program has
existed for more than twenty years
however it became particularly important
to Dominica in 2015 after a tropical
storm wiped out roughly 90 percent of
the country's GDP today citizenship
sales are one of the country's primary
sources of revenue however the program
is set to be mismanaged and public
officials have been accused of pocketing
much of the profits a similar program
exists nearby in Saint Kitts and Nevis
two tiny Caribbean islands that form one
nation like Dominica Saint Kitts relied
on citizenship sales after a series of
hurricanes decimated their economy in
the late 1990s today citizenship can be
procured for a 250,000 dollar flat rate
or a $400,000 real estate investment the
deal also includes visa-free travel to
the roughly 130 countries that accept a
st. Kitts Passport at one point Saint
Kitts was selling an estimated 2,000
passports a year and as a result the
country was seeing rapid development
however sales have plummeted since 2014
when Canada and the US issued warnings
about the program for example
businesspeople have reportedly used
visa-free travel through those passports
to avoid international sanctions or to
flee a country where they're wanted for
a crime this concept is not unique to
far-flung island nations
in fact a dozen other nations including
the United States offer permanent
residency or golden visas to foreigners
who invest in property businesses or
public assets however the price tag is
usually much higher the United Kingdom
requires a minimum investment of nearly
three million dollars golden visa
programs are extremely popular among
wealthy Chinese nationals seeking to
invest in offshore real estate so what
makes dual citizenship so attractive
well for people from countries that face
travel restrictions an alternate
passport opens up an entirely new world
of visa-free travel for wealthy
Americans citizenship in st. Kitts or
Dominica can mean huge savings as
neither country Texas foreign income or
capital gains so despite the high cost
of citizenship it may be more
financially beneficial than it seems but
having citizenship is not infallible
nearly every country has strict rules
about when they can strip you of your
passport to learn what can make you lose
citizenship check out this video for
naturalized citizens in the u.s. it may
be revoked for illegally obtaining
citizenship by not fulfilling the
necessary requirements and by concealing
or misrepresenting a fact that would
have originally prevented citizenship
this is called denaturalization thanks
for watching seeker daily don't forget
to Like and subscribe for new videos
every day
