in recent years millions of people have
taken to the streets to protest their
governments and claim their rights while
protests are nothing new the response to
them has changed as crowd control
weapons like tear gas rubber bullets and
water cannons have become standards for
protest suppression so where are some of
the worst places to protest well
although destructive and even deadly
public demonstrations happen around the
world a few places stand out as
particularly hazardous one of these is
Palestine Israel has been contentiously
occupying Palestinian territories for
decades and in recent years Israeli
security forces have been cracking down
on local protesters in October 2015
tensions between Palestinians and
Israeli security forces culminated in
widespread protests during which Israeli
forces aggressively used rubber bullets
water cannons and unlawful arrests to
put down dissent from October to
December of 2015 Israeli police detained
thousands of activists and killed more
than 130 Palestinians although a number
of those who were unlawfully killed had
taken part in stabbings shootings and
other attacks many were civilian
bystanders most of the Israeli security
agencies violations went unpunished this
is not unlike Turkey which has a long
history of violent or even fatal police
intervention at demonstrations Turkey's
Constitution specifically grants freedom
of peaceful assembly with or without the
states permission however Turkish police
routinely use excessive force to control
protests this was demonstrated over the
course of 2013 and 2014 when an
estimated three and a half million
people across the country protested
their authoritarian president and his
party by the end of 2014 an estimated 45
people had died and more than 8,000 had
been injured during demonstrations
security forces detained thousands of
people charging hundreds under the
country's anti-terror law which
considers any anti-government
demonstrations as acts of terror in many
cases those who organized protests over
social media were given longer sentences
but perhaps the most dangerous place to
protest is Egypt during the 2011 Arab
Spring revolution and subsequent
demonstrations more than 800 people were
killed and roughly 6,000 were injured
most of these casualties were a result
of crowd control
like tear gas and rubber bullets
Egyptian police were alleged to have
used shotguns against protesters filled
with birdshot one officer was caught on
video firing at protesters his upper
body to maximize injury these instances
are not unique to the Middle East over
the last few decades popular protests
have become considerably more frequent
all over the world and 2014 a series of
protests in Ukraine resulted in
thousands of casualties that same year
protests broke out in Hong Kong leading
to hundreds of arrests and injuries
meanwhile the United States saw violent
uprisings as thousands took to the
streets of Ferguson Missouri to protest
the death of Michael Brown local
security forces responded with full riot
gear shotguns tanks and m4 assault
rifles not unlike those used by US
forces in Iraq and Afghanistan President
Obama has since condemned these actions
and introduced legislation to prohibit
local police from using military
equipment until other governments follow
suit it is likely that these dangerous
protests will continue violent protests
and violent reactions are nothing new
for Israel and Palestine who have been
fighting for decades to find out the
source of their dispute watch this video
up top you can also learn about Egyptian
corruption that set off their protests
we're checking out the video below
thanks for watching seeker daily
everyone don't forget to Like and
subscribe for new videos every day
you
