in January 2016 an Egyptian woman was
sentenced to three years in prison for
blasphemy after criticizing an Islamic
tradition on Facebook
despite Egypt's secular government the
country has been cracking down on
religious insults so what other
countries are enforcing laws against
blasphemy well by definition blasphemy
is any act that undermines God or the
sacredness of religion it could be
anything from drawing offensive cartoons
are wearing improper clothes to
disrespecting delicious scripture this
idea can be traced back to all three
Western religions where the act is not
only condemned but represented as a just
cause for death consequently these
passages have been used to justify
capital punishment for Christians Jews
and Muslims for centuries one of the
most famous blasphemy cases was when the
supreme religious leader of iran issued
a fatwa or order to kill british indian
novelists Salman Rushdie Rushdie was
accused of committing blasphemy in his
1988 book The Satanic Verses the title
itself refers to the disputed legend
that several of the Prophet Muhammad's
teachings were mistakenly taken from the
devil according to a 2012 Pew report
nearly a quarter of the world's
countries and territories have
anti-blasphemy laws with punishments
ranging from a fine to a death sentence
these laws are most common in the Middle
East and North Africa where 70 percent
of countries still criminalize the Act
in general those who commit blasphemy
are arrested charged and face prison
time in some countries however the
offense is punishable by death
one example is Pakistan which inherited
its anti-blasphemy laws from British
rule before the country gained
independence in 1947
the laws were strengthened in the 1980s
in an attempt to ostracize the country's
non-muslim community and since then over
a thousand Pakistanis have been accused
or convicted of blasphemy many of whom
are Muslims themselves in the country
today just one blasphemy accusation with
little or no evidence can lead to an
arrest and anti-blasphemy laws are not
unique to Islamic governments secular
nations like Canada New Zealand still
outlaw blasphemous libel which in their
case is any published material that
disrespects Christianity and while the
United States doesn't have a federal
anti blasphemy law several states do in
Michigan willfully blaspheming the holy
God is actually a misdemeanor however
these laws are nearly impossible to
enforce as the US Constitution and the
United Nations International Covenant on
Civil Rights protect free speech in the
end many of the West's outdated
anti-blasphemy laws are pretty much
dormant one such law and the Netherlands
went unenforced for half a century
before it was eventually dissolved but
for many in the Middle East in North
Africa blasphemy carries enormous weight
has offenders faced life in prison exile
or death and despite public opposition
in countries like Pakistan and
Afghanistan the abusive laws will likely
live on Saudi Arabia is one country
where committing blasphemy can get you
executed publicly you can learn more
about Saudi Arabia's controversial
capital punishment in our video at the
top as the Muslim population rapidly
grows so does the population of the
religiously unaffiliated check out our
video at the bottom to find out how this
will affect the future of religion
thanks for watching seeker daily don't
forget to Like and subscribe so you get
new videos from us every day
