throughout his presidential campaign
senator Bernie Sanders has called for
the breakup of Wall Street's big banks
these six financial institutions which
likely include JPMorgan Chase Bank of
America and Wells Fargo collectively
hold assets equal to 60% of the United
States as GDP the central problem with
these banks as outlined by Sanders is
that they are too big to fail so what
does this mean and what's so bad about
big banks
well a too big to fail bank is one that
is so deeply interconnected with the
economy that its failure could lead to
an economic crisis when such a Bank is
unable to pay its debtors and creditors
due to risky investment or improper
management that inability to pay ripples
through the economy businesses can't get
loans or pay their employees people
can't pay for goods and services tax
revenue drops and all this can lead to
an economic collapse to prevent this
catastrophic domino effect the federal
government is inclined to rescue big
banks before they fail usually with a
multi-billion dollar loan called a
bailout the first major bailout of a
too-big-to-fail bank was in 1984 when
the Reagan administration gave two
billion dollars to the United States as
a largest bank continental Illinois it
came close to failing after buying loans
that weren't worth as much as originally
thought this was not unlike the 2008
mortgage crisis where home loans were
misrepresented as being stronger than
they actually were perhaps the best
example of a too big to fail bank is
JPMorgan Chase which is worth more than
any other bank in the US by assets
JPMorgan is both a commercial and
investment bank this means it not only
handles individual accounts it serves as
a platform for stock and bond trading
JPMorgan reached its colossal size after
centuries of bank mergers and
acquisitions in fact roughly half as
many banks exist today as did three
decades ago and those banks carry more
than five times as many assets but
complex financial institutions are not a
new problem back in 1933 President
Franklin D Roosevelt tried to separate
commercial from Investment Banking with
the glass-steagall Act this prevented
mixed-use banks from using customer
money for risky speculative investments
which if they then failed would lead to
a loss for the consumer but in 1999 the
law was repealed and
banks quickly began to invest their
customers money again many cite the
repeal of this law as a potential cause
of the 2008 financial crisis when bank
investments failed they were directly
tied to their customers money
moreover the 1984 bailout set a
precedent for big banks that they could
gamble with their customers money and
expect the federal government to cover
their debt and indeed after banks like
Goldman Sachs and Citigroup went under
in 2008 the Bush administration funneled
hundreds of billions of dollars into
preventing an all-out banking collapse
although the bailout has since been
repaid banks are continuing to grow
larger but in 2010 the Obama
administration passed the dodd-frank
Wall Street Reform Act which imposed a
number of regulatory and oversight
requirements on the financial system but
as is clear in the 2016 presidential
race Wall Street Reform is still a
relevant issue for example senator
Sanders has proposed his too big to fail
too big to exist Act which aims to break
up the six biggest banks whether it is
even possible to rein in big banks is
still up in the air what is clear is
that without regulations preventing
banks from gambling with consumer money
the risk of another bailout will always
exist big banks are supposed to play by
the rules but some of the rules are a
little vague for example did you know
that making money off company
information can be illegal find out more
about insider trading by watching this
video up top or you can delve into the
complexity of stock market crashes by
watching this video below thanks for
watching test-tube news everyone don't
forget to Like and subscribe so you get
new videos from us every day
