in September 2015
Myanmar's democratic states woman on
song su Chi traveled to the country's
lawless drug producing region to
publicize the country's urgent need for
anti drug policy the Southeast Asian
country is a main player in global narco
trafficking and its poppy cultivation
has nearly tripled since 2006
most of these illicit activities occur
in the infamous Golden Triangle so what
exactly is the Golden Triangle the
Golden Triangle is a region overlapping
the rural mountains of Myanmar Laos and
Thailand the Southeast Asia's primary
opium producing area accounting for
nearly a quarter of the world's opium
this makes the Golden Triangle the
second largest opium producer after
Afghanistan opium is extracted from vast
poppy fields then trafficked around the
region mostly going through China and
even making it all the way to the United
States
Myanmar produces nearly 90% of the
golden triangles opium while Laos and
Thailand are more involved in
trafficking than production opium was
outlawed in Myanmar in 1962 but it has
since become a key player in the
country's economy hard drugs like meth
and heroin bring in an estimated 1 to 2
billion dollars a year making them the
country's second largest export after
petroleum gas moreover Myanmar's
government is not only powerless to
control drug production and trade they
are complicit in the operation the
golden triangles rural mountainous
landscape is poorly patrolled and
largely governed by armed rebel groups
to combat this the government deploys
their own militaries to the region
however state back militia members often
traffic drugs themselves and enjoy legal
immunity from prosecution perhaps
surprisingly the golden triangles
booming opium industry is an indirect
result of America's long fight against
communism throughout the 1950s and 60s
the CIA allegedly supplied a Chinese
rebel group against Mao Zedong's
communists to fund their operations the
rebel group pushed local farmers to ramp
up opium production which the rebels
trafficked and sold with US support as a
result opium production in Myanmar
increased twenty fold and although the
operation had little effect on communism
in China it led to the large-scale poppy
cultivation we
today similarly French occupied Laos
also used the French military to
increase production of opium to fund
their war against communism in the 1950s
today the largest organized resistance
to the golden triangles narco trade is a
Christian vigilante group called Pontius
son they claim roughly a hundred
thousand members and are known for
extreme confrontational measures like
flogging drug addicts and hacking down
poppy fields and even though pot
Hassan's goals do align with those of
Western governments the group doesn't
receive any foreign funding leaving them
largely powerless meanwhile Thailand's
government has been somewhat successful
in halting opium production in the
country and has even rebranded its
portion of the Golden Triangle as a
tourist destination many hope that
Myanmar's new leadership will crack down
on opium production and drug use but the
ruling party has only acknowledged the
existence of the problem without
presenting any workable solution until
they do illicit drug trade will continue
to plague the region Southeast Asia
isn't the only region known for its
production of drugs Pakistan is one of
the major producers of heroin in the
golden Crescent and is fueling a massive
heroin problem to learn more watch our
video up top and if you want to know
more about where the world gets its
drugs check out our video at the bottom
thanks for watching test-tube news make
sure to LIKE and subscribe for new
videos every day
