in March 2016 US President Barack Obama
arrived in Cuba this was the first time
a sitting president had visited the
country since 1928 and marked warming
relations between the two nations the
visit comes on the heels of a
half-century embargo and decades of
tension so what happened between the
u.s. and Cuba why is their relationship
so complicated the US has always had an
eye on Cuba by the late 1800s a majority
of Cuba's major exports including sugar
and tobacco were purchased by the US
Cuba was so economically valuable that
the us repeatedly considered buying the
island from Spain but at the time Spain
and the US had a shaky relationship
culminating in 1898 when a u.s. naval
ship exploded at the Havana Harbor in
Cuba although it was eventually
determined to be an accidental explosion
caused by the crew of the ship American
newspapers blamed the explosion on the
Spanish military this incited public
outrage and contributed to the start of
the spanish-american war the u.s.
quickly beat Spain and took over Cuba as
a protectorate but eventually Cuba
negotiated their independence in 1902
leasing territories including the
infamous Guantanamo Bay to the US the
two countries kept peaceful relations
until communist dictator Fidel Castro
took over Cuba in 1959 aligning with the
Soviet Union in the Cold War Castro took
ownership of all US owned businesses in
Cuba including oil refineries factories
and casinos in response President Dwight
Eisenhower ceased diplomatic relations
and trade later expanded into a full
embargo by President John F Kennedy in
an attempt to overthrow Castro Kennedy
launched an invasion of Cuba in 1961 but
Castro's military was able to fend off
the attack the failed invasion was
called the Bay of Pigs and further
strengthened Castro's ties to the
Soviets just a year later the u.s.
discovered that the Soviet Union had
stationed nuclear missiles in Cuba 90
miles from us Shores after a 13-day
military standoff the USSR remove the
in exchange for the u.s. agreeing to
stay out of Cuba in 1982 Cuba was even
placed on the US list of Terror
sponsoring countries by the Reagan
administration when the Soviet Union
fell in 1991 Cuba lost its support
resulting in a devastating economic
decline to make matters worse in 1992 US
President Bill Clinton strengthened the
embargo and even threatened sanctions on
any trade with Cuba even for non-us
companies Clinton relaxed some of these
restrictions by the end of his
presidency however they were promptly
reinstated under his successor president
george w bush so where to Cuba and the
u.s. stand today well the relationship
has strengthened considerably under
Obama some trade restrictions have been
lifted Americans can now easily travel
to Cuba embassies have reopened and the
country is no longer on the US as
terrorism list nonetheless the embargo
remains in place a record of human
rights abuses a one-party government and
the u.s. is difficulties in closing
Guantanamo Bay still hold the countries
back from establishing full ties but if
Guantanamo Bay was shut down where would
its prisoners go learn more about life
after Guantanamo in the video at the top
and for more on the political ideology
behind Fidel Castro check out the video
at the bottom thanks for watching
test-tube news don't forget to Like and
subscribe for new videos every day
