with an empty seat on the Supreme Court
bench following the death of Justice
Antonin Scalia many have been waiting
for President Obama to finally select a
nominee in March 2016 the president
named judge Merrick garland for those
who know the name it's not a surprising
choice but it has everyone else asking
who's Merrick garland and why did Obama
choose him well currently garland is the
chief judge on the US Court of Appeals
in Washington DC although this federal
appellate court is nowhere near as
well-known as the Supreme Court it's
often considered to be the second most
important court in the country it's best
known for reviewing federal independent
agencies like the FBI and SEC as the
head of the second highest court a
nomination to the Supreme Court is not
unprecedented
in fact garland has already been close
to the position twice when President
Obama considered him for a seat in 2009
and 2010 Obama and garland actually
share a few similarities garland was
raised in Chicago Illinois and from
there he went to Harvard Law School and
graduated with high honors in his
capacity as a law clerk garland served
under a former liberal-leaning Supreme
Court Justice William J Brennan jr. he
later held high-ranking positions within
the Department of Justice where he
oversaw a number of influential and
popularized cases most notably garland
was a chief investigator in the Oklahoma
City bombings case in 1995 a u.s.
veteran set off a car bomb in front of a
federal building killing more than 150
people the subsequent case saw nearly 1
billion pieces of information collected
to bring down the perpetrator garland
also oversaw the Unabomber case where a
domestic terrorist mailed explosives
around the country as a judge garland is
both the experience and the political
bipartisanship necessary to qualify for
the Supreme Court he's called a moderate
and a centrist although there is little
question that he's more liberal than
conservative one measure of comparison
to other existing judges put his
political ideology right between that of
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg and justice
Elena Kagan both relatively liberal and
yet garland also has the support of many
Republicans after having worked under
prominent conservative Judge Henry
friendly but in the current political
climate garland is going to need all the
Republican support he can possibly get
when the nomination was revealed Senate
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell
reiterated that high ranking Republicans
in the Senate
which categorically refuse to consider
Obama's choice legal analysts have
called this position unprecedented and
potentially unconstitutional but Obama
clearly hopes that Garland's influence
can overcome the gops obstinance at 63
garland is the oldest justice since the
Nixon era to be nominated and according
to White House officials has more
federal judicial experience than any
other Supreme Court nominee in history
but whether being qualified will be
enough to grab the vacant seat is yet to
be seen so what exactly would it take
for Merrick garland to be appointed to
the Supreme Court learn about the
complicated selection process in our
video at top if you want to find out why
the Supreme Court justices serve for
life check out our video at the bottom
thanks for watching test-tube news don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos every day
