during the infamous 1970 Apollo 13 space
mission a series of catastrophes led to
the flight crew radioing down a
memorable phrase Houston we've had a
problem here
this was famously misquoted in the
Apollo 13 movie as Houston we have a
problem but at least they got Houston
right in fact the astronauts radioed to
Texas because that's where the Johnson
Space Center is located that's the
command center for the USS manned space
flights so we wanted to know why did
NASA choose Houston
well in fact NASA operates two major
Space Flight centers the first is a
mission command center in Houston Texas
and the other is a launch station at
Cape Canaveral Florida geographically
the Florida location makes sense
Cape Canaveral is located very near to
the earth's equator which means that it
takes less energy to launch an object
from there the farther from the equator
you go the more velocity you need to
leave the Earth's atmosphere a second
reason is that Cape Canaveral is located
on the East Coast and the Rockets travel
eastward in order to gain a little more
momentum from the Earth's rotation plus
since there's only water to the east of
Florida this means that any in-flight
failures would lead to a rocket or Space
Shuttle crashing into the ocean
this is preferable to launching from
California and crashing into Texas but
what about Texas
why doesn't NASA put their shuttle
launches and Mission Control in the same
place well in 1961 President John F
Kennedy set the goal of landing a man on
the moon I believe that this nation
should commit itself to achieving the
goal before this decade is out of
landing a man on the moon and returning
him safely to the earth
according to the University of Houston
in order to accomplish this scientists
set out a number of criteria for a
future Mission Control site some of
NASA's priorities were based on
transportation by water a mild climate
all-weather commercial jet service a
Department of Defense air base a
university nearby and at least a
thousand acres of land 23 potential
sites were selected and in fact Tampa
Florida was originally chosen but the
Florida plans fell through and the next
runner up was Houston
although the choice of Houston wasn't
necessarily a surprise many influential
politicians at the time were from Texas
including Kennedy's vice president
lyndon b johnson after whom the space
center is named in 1969 roughly eight
years and more than a hundred billion
dollars later the united states put Neil
Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin on the moon
nASA has been around for nearly 60 years
and its Johnson Space Center in Houston
employs more than 15,000 people over a
hundred of them astronauts although it's
dealt with recent funding issues nASA
has been instrumental in changing the
way the world sees the United States as
well as the entire universe itself
NASA's always led the space race but in
recent years other countries have been
stepping into the ring
so which countries have been upping
their technology and budgeting for the
skies find out by watching this video in
recent years other countries have also
made developments in the space industry
India sent an orbiter to Mars for
research in 2013 Nigeria and Egypt have
also owned a few satellites which they
use for observation and weather tracking
and Argentina owns a host of orbiting
sensors which detect and predict natural
disasters thanks for watching don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos every day
