in June 2016 UK citizens will vote in a
referendum to decide if the country will
stay in the European Union Prime
Minister David Cameron is urging the
nation to stay in the EU and this is one
of the major reasons why this is a
Calais jungle an expansive migrant camp
in Calais northern France here many
attempt to reach the UK every day by
illegally crossing the channel by ferry
or through the Eurotunnel though Calais
does have one of the most secure borders
in Europe
Cameron is concerned that this could
change is the British exit from the EU
or brexit should go through so why
exactly is the Calais border in jeopardy
and what does it mean for the UK in the
last year wave after wave of migrants
have arrived at the Calais jungle and
thousands have attempted to illegally
cross the border into the UK migrants
from war-torn countries like Syria Sudan
and Afghanistan tried to scale or break
through fences in order to climb onto
trucks or trains going across the
channel to England life in the camp is
hard and people here live in squalid
conditions with very little food and no
access to basic amenities the camp is
now being dismantled yet many migrants
are still risking life and limb to try
and reach the UK like France the UK
government offers allowances in housing
health care and education to refugees
but because many migrants speak English
the UK is more desirable as many believe
that finding work will be easier there
but if you ever make it across the
channel because of the strict security
on the Calais border the border is well
financed and that's attributed to a pact
between the UK and France called the
Luke a treaty formed in 2003 the treaty
allows British immigration officials to
conduct passport checks on French soil
and allows French immigration to do the
same in the UK as David Cameron points
out what this technically means is that
the UK border actually Falls in France
it's an agreement that means that our
borders are effectively in Calais not in
Dover that is good for Britain I want us
to keep that that is why we've helped
with fencing that's why we've helped
with finances that's why we've helped
with border guards and cooperation and
all the rest of it in fact it's
estimated that the UK government is set
to spend 12 million pounds on Calais
border security over the next three
years and some of that money has already
gone toward expanding security fences
and monitoring conducted by heavily
armed French riot police and CCTV
cameras so why is it so critical for the
UK to maintain their security measures
in Calais well in order to claim asylum
in Britain under the 1951 Geneva
Convention migrants can only apply for
refugee status if they are on UK soil so
if the Calais border complete with UK
checkpoints is maintained migrants have
virtually zero chance of ever setting
foot on UK territory and therefore can't
qualify for asylum there and this is
what David Cameron is afraid Britain's
exit from the EU will destroy his
concern that France will dissolve the
lytic a treaty meaning the UK border in
Calais will have to return to British
shores but the fact is there are a lot
of opposition politicians in France who
would love an excuse to tear up that
treaty and would like the border not to
be in France but to be in Britain
essentially he's worried there will be
little stopping migrants from entering
the UK and French president Francois
Hollande has certainly added fuel to
Cameron's fears over the brexit
commenting there will be consequences
especially in the way we handle the
situation in terms of immigration in
other words Hollande is issuing a
warning to the UK which is why Cameron
is being so outspoken about staying in
the European Union if we can get this
deal in Europe you know that the borders
stay in Calais you know that we have a
seat determining the rules when it comes
to the future of Europe the Cameron
continues to argue that he is trying to
protect the UK from having its own
Calais jungle some critics say that he
is merely trying to scare the British
people into staying in the
you whatever the case may be the Prime
Minister seems determined not to move
the UK border from France David Cameron
may not want to leave the European Union
but there are many others in the UK that
would like to go check out this video on
why the UK wants to leave the EU some
conservative groups feel like Europe is
manipulating the British government and
that policymakers have lost control over
trade human rights and migration thanks
for watching and don't forget to
subscribe
