in the years since the 2008 global
financial crisis some regions have seen
unprecedented growth while others have
been stagnating in particular metropolis
around the world are exploding
economically with a majority in
developing countries like India and
China in fact more than half of all
metropolitan regions have fully
recovered from the financial crisis
although about 1/5 are still struggling
the slowest developing cities are
predominantly found in North America and
Western Europe but where are the fastest
developing cities in the world in 2015
the Brookings Institute released a
survey of more than 300 global
metropolitan economies the highest
ranked countries were those which
sustained significant economic growth
while also increasing employment numbers
the fifth fastest growing economy was
Dubai in the United Arab Emirates which
is one of the few developed cities on
the list much of the Middle East has
seen incredible growth through oil wells
but Dubai has exceeded all expectations
by evolving past an oil dependent
economy the city has instead become an
international transit hub and is
currently expanding their Airport to
accommodate up to 220 million passengers
a year
the world's current largest airport in
Atlanta Georgia services only about a
hundred million annual passengers
Dubai's transition in economy has led to
about four-and-a-half percent growth in
GDP per capita while the rest of the UAE
struggles to regain pre-2008 economic
levels with high levels of tourism and
trade the surrounding service industry
makes up nearly three quarters of the
city's GDP and in fact Dubai is one of
the richest metropolis in the region
with man-made ski slopes in the desert
artificial islands 5-star hotels and
high-rise condos the next three
fastest-growing economies were all
Turkish cities Izmir Istanbul and Bursa
have all seen about the same rates of
growth in GDP per capita roughly two
percent as well as six and a half
percent rises in employment Turkey's
economy has been booming and for all the
right reasons its location between
Europe and Asia is perfect for
infrastructure investments especially as
China seeks to bridge the gap with the
new Silk Road these investments work in
two parts stimulating the economy
through short-term jobs and laying
the groundwork for better trade
efficiency in the future first on the
list was one of China's autonomous
regions Macau it is notably one of the
largest gambling cities in the world and
is often referred to as the Monte Carlo
of the Orient gambling tourism has
contributed significantly to their rapid
growth roughly eight percent per capita
GDP Gaming represents roughly half the
region's GDP and employs 1/5 of the
workforce however since the Brookings
Institute named Macau the fastest
growing economy the autonomous state has
seen its growth collapse one of the
biggest reasons for the rapid decline
was China's crackdown on corruption in
recent years nearly every provincial
Division of China has seen public
officials taken down on corruption
charges these VIP officials were
ostensibly the lifeblood of macau's
gambling growth without them the
industry took a big hit with the
exception of Macau most of these cities
have jumped around the list of
fastest-growing economies based on
global demand and wise investment well
we don't know which cities will be in
the top ten next year they are mostly
guaranteed to be in the developing world
as cities develop their populations grow
leading to problems such as housing
shortages and gentrification in Helsinki
Finland rent has become so expensive
that a program is giving affordable
apartments in retirement homes to
Millennials if they agree to socialize
with the seniors our project is called a
home that fits it's almost like a dorm
but the people aren't young they're both
thanks for watching test-tube news
everyone make sure to LIKE and subscribe
so you get new videos from us every day
you
