in February 2016 two Syrian migrants
were found frozen to death near the
Bulgarian Turkish border raising
suspicions about Bulgaria's involvement
Bulgarian authorities have recently come
under attack for allegedly extorting and
attacking Syrian refugees travelling
through the Balkans whether or not the
allegations are true Bulgaria is a major
stopping point in the region which
raises the question just how powerful is
Bulgaria
well the Republic of Bulgaria makes up
roughly 43,000 square miles making it
the hundred and 50 in the world that's
just slightly larger than the US state
of Tennessee however within the European
Union Bulgaria is the 11th largest
country
Bulgaria's population of about 7.2
million is predominantly made up of
ethnic Bulgarians with about 8% of the
population made up of Turks from
neighboring Turkey like most other
Balkan countries Bulgaria has increased
its economic standing since the
transition from former Soviet socialism
to a free-market economy
the Balkans are some of the weakest
European economies among those countries
excluding Greece and Turkey Bulgaria
ranks third with a GDP of about 57
billion dollars still that's less than
most individual US states their biggest
exports are petroleum copper and
machinery and in 2005 tourism indirectly
contributed to as much as 15 percent of
the country's GDP that's not all too
surprising besides beach resorts on the
Black Sea
Bulgaria also boasts 9 UNESCO World
Heritage Sites but militarily Bulgaria
doesn't have much to boast about during
Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014
Bulgaria's former defence minister
warned that their dependence on aging
russian-made equipment could put them in
a precarious position the country spends
roughly 700 million dollars on defense
placing them well below the 2% suggested
for NATO members still with about 340
thousand active personnel Bulgaria does
rival its neighbours Serbia and Romania
but doesn't measure up to Greece or
turkey when it comes to politics
Bulgaria is somewhat influential their
entry into the European Union in 2007
helped boost their international
standing and as a NATO ally they hosted
the 2006 Foreign Affairs Forum in their
capital but that's not to say that
Bulgaria has a clean reputation their EU
partners have
distantly called for an end to the
endemic crime and corruption in the
Bulgarian government in 2014 the Center
for the Study of democracy estimated
that the country sees roughly one
hundred and fifty eight thousand bribes
paid out every month bulgaria is a major
player in the balkans with its EU
membership and nato alliances they have
significant influence over their
neighbors yet internal corruption and
controversies around the refugee crisis
have lowered their standing on the
international stage making them
moderately powerful but with a weak
reputation thousands of miles to the
east is Kazakhstan and while it's much
bigger and has a larger population than
Bulgaria is it more powerful find out by
watching our playlist for the strength
of nations Kazakhstan has a GDP of
roughly two hundred and eighteen billion
dollars which is smaller than most US
states and European countries that being
said Kazakhstan's economy has grown
wildly since the collapse of the Soviet
Union the discovery of oil and the sale
of minerals like uranium copper and zinc
have helped contribute to this growth
thanks watching test-tube news don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos every day
