according to the Associated Press there
have been about a dozen cases of foreign
hackers hacking into the USA's power
grid in one Russian hackers were able to
spy on US energy companies by
introducing malware into their systems
in another case Iranian hackers were
allegedly able to get detailed plans of
power plants and access passwords as the
world modernizes into the 21st century
new technologies are being used to help
also hurt so just how vulnerable is the
u.s. power grid to terrorism while the
u.s. s infrastructure is not in great
shape in 2013 the American Society of
Civil Engineers gave the u.s. a d-plus
for infrastructure and the same grade
for the country's energy system the ASCE
notes that some of the electrical grid
and pipeline distribution systems that
make up America were originally built
more than 130 years ago this aging
infrastructure means that in recent
years there has been an increase in
power failures and the country's demand
for electricity natural gas and oil will
become a bigger and bigger problem as
the population Rises unfortunately this
weakness has not been missed by
terrorist groups as recently as late
reports of Isis attempting to hack into
US energy sources were confirmed by the
Department of Homeland Security and
while they have yet to succeed a member
of the FBI cyber division says that they
are concerned Isis may try to buy better
hacking software or even recruit better
hackers what's worse is that it isn't
just Isis domestic terrorists also may
be able to access the u.s. as failing
infrastructure and potentially do a lot
of damage but just how hard would it be
for a terrorist to knock out America's
power grid while according to a federal
report leaked by The Wall Street Journal
would be pretty easy while the US has
roughly 55,000 power substations which
route electricity produced by power
plants it would only take nine to
disable the entire
rid this could potentially create
rolling blackouts countrywide lasting a
year-and-a-half or even longer in one
scenario terrorists could use an
electromagnetic pulse to disrupt
electronic equipment knocking out the
power grid according to former US
Representative roscoe Bartlett such an
attack could cost between one and two
trillion dollars and take as long as a
decade to fix these sorts of attack
possibilities are not isolated or unique
and while research groups have
repeatedly urged the government to
protect the u.s. power grid there have
also been some high tech solutions to
the problem one idea is to implement
smart grids which automatically respond
to losses of power from substations and
could help with non terror cause
blackouts as well but whatever solutions
are implemented unless lawmakers invest
heavily in American infrastructure the
risk of collapse will always remain the
state of much of the u.s. infrastructure
may be failing but that doesn't mean
that some of these structures aren't
absolutely mind-blowing check out this
video to meet a young infrastructure
Explorer who started a fake Club to gain
access into a power plant we were sort
of like well we kind of pulled off this
weird trick how many other places could
we get into if we started doing this I
think it's really important that people
kind of learn about the state of
infrastructure and hopefully you get
motivated to do something about it
thanks for watching test-tube news make
sure to LIKE and subscribe for new
videos every day
