in January 2016 the Peruvian government
agreed to compensate a woman for denying
her an abortion when she was 17 that was
a decade after the UN Human Rights
Committee decided that it was a
violation of her basic human rights
the woman's fetus had a fatal birth
defect that carried serious mental and
physical health implications with
abortion such a contentious topic it was
unprecedented that the UN ruled in a
human rights violation in this case so
we wanted to know what our basic human
rights and why do we have them well the
concepts of individual freedom and
inherent Worth have existed since the
beginning of human history however human
rights as an international legal
framework didn't develop until after
World War two years of conflict and
genocide had left millions of people
homeless starving or dead and the newly
formed United Nations was determined to
create a set of rules that would prevent
further atrocities
so in 1948 the UN put forth the
Universal Declaration on Human Rights
which affirmed that the foundation of
freedom justice and peace was rooted in
inherent human dignity and certain
inalienable rights for all humans it
also noted that disregard for human
rights has led to the barbarous acts
seen in the war crimes of World War two
the UN included certain rights such as
the right to freely exercise a faith own
property and get a basic level of
education the declaration also
recognized freedom from enslavement and
law based discrimination today this
framework is followed by 193 nations and
acts as a common moral language or
barometer for government policy or
cultural practices in the case of the
Peruvian government agreeing to
compensate the abortion victim the UN
ruled that forcing a woman to carry out
a dangerous pregnancy violated several
of her Human Rights
these included freedom from cruel or
inhumane treatment the right to control
your own body and the right to
protection from the state as a minor but
the ruling was made in 2005 which means
it took Peru a decade to amend their
human rights violation this is an
example of why despite the legal
frameworks human rights violations
persist the UN's declaration function
only as a set of guidelines and is not a
treaty to which countries are legally
bound and although the UN investigates
potential violators they usually can't
force a country to change an abuse of
law
the UN's 2005 decision was the first
time the organization held a government
accountable for preventing a legal
abortion since the ruling other nations
have revisited their abortion policies
Ireland even announced in 2015 that it
would consider legalizing abortions in
cases of rape incest and fetal
abnormalities rather than just for
life-threatening pregnancies in 2016
largely due to the birth defect linked
to the Zika virus the UN urged
governments in Latin America to loosen
their restrictions on abortion in light
of this some wonder if abortion will
ever be considered a basic human right
as moral attitudes change so does the
social standard for basic human rights
unfortunately the world's human rights
record hasn't been that great over the
past few years with active Wars brutal
regimes millions of migrants human
trafficking and other atrocities it may
not be getting any better check out this
video to learn more about the state of
human rights around the world Egypt's
new government imprisoned thousands of
activists throughout the year and
sentenced hundreds of them to death more
than eight hundred reportedly died from
violence during the protests in December
and Pakistan the Taliban attacked a
public school resulting in the deaths of
a hundred and thirty-two children it was
the deadliest Taliban attack in
Pakistan's history thanks for watching
test-tube news don't forget to Like and
subscribe for new videos every day
