in early 2016 aerospace company Boeing
received the contract to deliver the
u.s. president's next official airplane
colloquially called Air Force One the
new planes will replace the aging Boeing
747-200 B's with two Boeing 747-8 the
two replacement planes are expected to
cost about one and a half billion
dollars after being outfitted with all
the necessary comforts and defenses Air
Force One doesn't actually refer to a
single aircraft but any US Air Force
plane carrying the US president so what
exactly is the story behind Air Force
one well the very first plane outfitted
specifically for the president was the
Douglas V c-54 Skymaster a non-combat
military aircraft it was originally used
by President Franklin D Roosevelt who
notably flew on it to the Yalta
Conference between FDR Winston Churchill
and Joseph Stalin the plane was also
later used by President Harry Truman and
nicknamed the sacred cow but today's Air
Force one planes are less like cows and
more like eagle-eyed high tech defense
systems according to the White House the
current models are able to be refueled
in mid-air meaning that they can fly an
unlimited number of miles the
navigational and communications
equipment on board is also shielded from
an electromagnetic pulse which in most
other cases would disable any
electronics in its wake in fact Air
Force One is able to serve as a command
center for the president this is in case
the u.s. is attacked or an immediate
national security decision needs to be
made in flight but the plane is also
incredibly comfortable it has three
floors with 4,000 square feet of floor
space and to end that's almost as big as
an NBA basketball court the plane has a
separate section for the president which
includes a large office a conference
room and a private bathroom there's also
a medical unit which has a doctor on
staff at all times and can also be used
as an operating room but if that's not
enough Air Force One is frequently
flanked by additional planes which carry
any extra cargo the president might need
in remote locations
one interesting misconception is that
the President and Vice President aren't
allowed to fly on the same plane
together in case the plane crashes
in fact there's actually no official
policy prohibiting this but in practice
they don't fly together
both the president and vice president
have such different schedules and such a
large support staff that it's
impractical for them to share a plane or
helicopter Air Force One is an enduring
symbol of the United States and holds
considerable practical and symbolic
value nonetheless this aircraft is
incredibly expensive to fly it's
estimated to cost more than two hundred
thousand dollars every hour of flight so
while the president is jetting around
the world on diplomatic missions Air
Force One keeps him safe it just comes
with a huge price tag the United States
military is another one of the country's
enduring symbols and like Air Force one
it comes with a huge price tag find out
why the US has spent up to 1 trillion
dollars yearly on national defense by
watching our video well the term is most
attributed to president dwight d
eisenhower he was one of the highest
ranked generals in US history and served
during World War two as he left office
in 1961 he advised that military power
was necessary to maintain peace
however he warned against the
military-industrial complex or the
self-perpetuating relationship between
the economy the military and the
government thanks for watching test-tube
news don't forget to Like and subscribe
for new videos every day
