in June 2016 Switzerland will vote any
referendum on the topic of introducing a
basic income if passed all Swiss
citizens working or unemployed would
receive about 2,500 dollars a month as a
guaranteed stipend from the government
Switzerland would become the first
country in the world to implement such
an idea
so should governments pay their citizens
of basic income well there are a large
number of variations on the idea of a
basic income some forms already exist as
Social Security for the elderly or the
impoverished others see this in the form
of government benefits and assistance
also called welfare but basic income is
an unconditional amount of money
guaranteed by the government to every
individual whether rich or poor
proponents of basic income like the
basic income earth network say that such
security would give people freedom to
pursue higher interests without having
to worry as much about pure survival
this is tied to a concept proposed by
psychologist Abram as loes hierarchy of
needs that's where a person will value
their physical needs over their safety
needs safety over relationships
relationships over self-esteem and so on
eliminating the barrier of working for
strictly physical and safety reasons is
believed to lead to a more utopian
society this also addresses the idea of
wage slavery where a person only works
for their most basic and immediate
survival making it impossible to stop
working or escape a bad job however
those who oppose basic income say that
such a plan would encourage people not
to work similar to many other arguments
against government assistance an
experimental form of basic income was
introduced in one Canadian city in 1974
and ran for five years an analysis
revealed that only two groups of
laborers saw significant drop-offs
teenagers and new mothers and since
teenagers were no longer pressured to
work a larger number graduated the basic
income also led to fewer hospital visits
due to lack of work-related injuries and
fewer mental health domestic abuse and
car accident victims however some
economists argue that it would lead to a
loss of low paid workers if everyone was
able to survive undesirable jobs like in
manufacturing and service would go away
this could lead to a rise in the cost of
most goods without a source of cheap
labor to produce
perhaps ironically this would prevent
those only receiving a basic income from
affording those same goods moreover one
economic journalists estimated that
basic income in the UK could cost as
much as four hundred and fifty billion
dollars a year compared with the two
hundred and fifty billion dollars which
their welfare system currently costs
advocates say that if implemented
correctly basic income could be a
cheaper solution than allocating welfare
according to how poor or able a citizen
is but Switzerland is not like other
countries it is one of the richest in
the world with an extremely low tax rate
even a slight increase in taxes could be
tolerable to many citizens and provide
for a much less immediate needs focused
society but it will take until June to
see whether most Swiss residents agree
with that analysis in the u.s.
presidential election candidate Bernie
Sanders has been asked about
implementing basic income but instead
senator Sanders has advocated for
raising the minimum wage should we raise
the minimum wage check out this video to
find out Democrats are more positive
about the economy and have a need to
defend Obama's record on that end if
Democrats want to stem those fears and
garner more support for the president
talking about injecting money into the
economy and job growth is a great way to
do that thanks for watching test-tube
news everyone don't forget to Like and
subscribe for new videos from us every
day
