last year the United States and five
other nations struck a historic
agreement with the Islamic Republic of
Iran in exchange for Iran repurposing
and reducing its nuclear facilities the
US and the EU will lift long-standing
economic sanctions in addition up to a
hundred billion dollars in frozen assets
some of them dating back to 1979
will be returned to Iran this massive
funding infusion will have an enormous
impact and senior Obama administration
officials have said the money could be
used by terrorist groups in Iran so just
how will this money be used and will it
be used to fund terrorism well some of
this money will come from the United
States when Iran overthrew its pro US
government in 1979 the country's assets
in the US including their embassy and
other properties were seized
additionally about 400 million dollars
worth of military equipment which Iran
had already paid for was cancelled this
money and money from renting seized
Iranian property is still owed and will
be returned as sanctions are lifted in
fact in the summer of 2014 the u.s. paid
three billion dollars to Iran is a show
of good faith
however a far more vast sum will be paid
by nations like China India Japan South
Korea and Turkey all these countries
have bought Iranian oil in the past but
due to sanctions these funds have been
stuck in escrow now they will flow
freely back to Iran still many wonder
exactly what Iran's government will do
with such a huge influx of capital
Pirani and Transport Minister recently
announced that the government was buying
114 civilian planes a deal that is worth
at least 10 billion dollars the US
Treasury also implied that Iran would
require five hundred billion dollars to
address all of its current domestic
concerns which include its struggling
banks and highly outdated energy sector
however Western fears about Iran using
some of this money to fund terrorism are
not altogether unfounded as of 2014 the
US State Department continues to believe
that Iran is an active sponsor of
terrorism groups like Hamas and
Hezbollah have seen Iranian funding and
in Syria Iraqi and Afghan fighters have
been armed and trained in support of
Bashar al-assad in addition even if
Iranian president Hassan
Hannie submits a budget that uses funds
to resolve interior issues he can be
overruled by their supreme religious
leader who is responsible for all
military and foreign policy decisions so
we'll all one hundred billion dollars be
put in the hands of terrorists most
likely no however as Iran struggles to
rebuild itself after 27 years of
sanctions some of the money is expected
to wind up in terrorists hands despite
both the US and Iran's best efforts
neither is fully in control of those
newly freed funds the lifting of
sanctions will likely have a profound
effect on Iran and may even lead to
cultural and social changes in addition
to economic and political ones check out
our video to see just how powerful Iran
has been up to now they're also equipped
with tanks and air force and a navy
their military is powered by a six point
three billion dollar defense budget they
claim that their large military is
mostly for defensive purposes the claim
that most countries make about their own
militaries thanks for watching test-tube
news everyone don't forget to Like and
subscribe so that you get new videos
from us every day
