over the last decade politics in
traditionally liberal Latin America has
begun to shift to the right with nations
like Venezuela and Brazil withdrawing
support for their liberal leaders but
there is one country that remains firmly
to the left Uruguay this quiet nation is
considered to be the most progressive in
South America with a strong social
safety net comprehensive individual
rights tolerance and inclusion so we
wanted to know how powerful is Uruguay
well in the scope of Latin America
Uruguay is tiny at less than 70 thousand
square miles the entire country could
fit inside the US state of Missouri
Uruguay is home to nearly three and a
half million people roughly 90% of whom
are of European descent as the country
saw an influx of Spanish and Italian
immigrants in the 19th and 20th
centuries Uruguay also has a small
economy its GDP of roughly fifty billion
dollars is comparable to Panama or Costa
Rica that said its economy is stable
with a regionally high per capita income
low unemployment and virtually no
extreme poverty during the 2008 global
economic crisis Uruguay was the only
South American nation that avoided a
full-blown recession and today it has
the largest middle class and the lowest
levels of corruption in the region it
also ranks high in measures of economic
freedom human development standard of
living and institutional stability
uruguay x' economy is built on two main
characteristics a free market and strong
social support the country was Latin
America's first welfare state due to
high taxation and robust social spending
even earning it the nickname the
Switzerland of South America recent
regulatory reforms have made doing
business and investing in Uruguay
extremely efficient as the cost of
Licensing is relatively low and it
reportedly takes just seven days to
start a business judging by its
government spending Uruguay seems to
prioritize social programs over defense
the country has a meager military of
roughly 25 thousand personnel and a
defense budget of less than a half
million dollars by comparison
neighboring brazil's armed forces are
roughly 80 times larger with two million
personnel plus nearly 32 billion dollars
spent each year on defense but despite
its low defense budget Uruguay maintains
a robust presence in UN peacekeeping
contributing more peacekeeping troops
per capita than any other country in the
world Uruguay is small military is
unlikely to be an issue as the country
sees little domestic dissent and has
almost no ongoing international disputes
Uruguay is widely considered to be the
safest and most stable country in Latin
America and is often the first in the
region to embrace liberal causes Uruguay
legalized women's suffrage in the early
20th century legalized abortion in 2012
then in 2013 legalized same-sex marriage
and became the first country to fully
legalize marijuana Uruguay may be the
most progressive country in Latin
America but with a small military and
economy it's not a particularly powerful
country on the world stage if you're
like me and you love watching wildlife
shows you can check out Animal Planet go
where you can watch all the seasons
current and past of your favorite Animal
Planet shows I'm currently working my
way through Whale Wars right now super
cool lots of intrigue and drama check
out the link in the description below to
learn more
Uruguay beats out much of the region in
terms of stability but in population
military strength and sheer size Uruguay
pales in comparison to its southern
neighbor Brazil so how powerful is
Brazil anyway find out more in this
video aside from the Brazil military
leading UN peacekeeping missions to
Haiti and the Congo the military's
primary role has been state security
safeguarding a total of 8.5 million
square kilometers of land and 4.4
million square kilometers of territorial
waters Brazil also operates large scale
military operations to protect the
Amazon rainforest which includes jungle
defense forces on the ground and an
extensive surveillance network to ensure
its security thanks for watching seeker
daily don't forget to Like and subscribe
so you get new videos from us every day
