the city of Paris is practically
synonymous with France it's not only the
seat of government but also the
country's capital of Commerce culture
and tourism so what is the history of
this iconic city well the origins of
Paris can be traced back to 250 BCE when
a Gallic tribe called Perry Zi settled
on an island in the middle of the Seine
River after the island became a popular
trading hub the Romans took over around
52 BCE and expanded it along the left
bank building baths forums and
amphitheaters by the end of the 12th
century and long after the fall of the
Western Roman Empire Paris became the
center of France the area to the right
of the Sen River better known as the
right bank grew into a thriving business
hub while the left bank earned a
reputation as the intellectual district
housing the University of Paris in the
late 18th century just after the French
Revolution infamous military commander
Napoleon Bonaparte seized power over the
course of about a decade he improved
Paris's infrastructure and to celebrate
Frances military achievements erected a
number of iconic monuments including the
Arc de Triomphe his nephew and heir
Napoleon the third built out the city
even more creating wide boulevards a
huge opera house a Central Market public
parks and a sewer system he also divided
Paris into 20 on dismounts or districts
and expanded it to its current limits
the city's newfound prominence made an
ideal host for multiple World's Fairs
attracting huge numbers of visitors the
symposiums led to the construction of
world monuments like the Eiffel Tower
Paris m√©tro Grand Palace by this time
the city's population had grown to
nearly 3 million people in particular
attracting artists and aristocrats from
around the world Paris was the city of
choice for painters like Pablo Picasso
Salvador Dali and Henri Matisse as well
as writers like James Joyce Samuel
Beckett Ernest Hemingway and F scott
Fitzgerald
Fauvism cubism Impressionism and
abstract art all saw their beginnings in
Paris today greater Paris is home to
roughly 12 million people are nearly 20%
of Frances total population there's no
question the Paris plays a decisive role
in making France the most visited
country in the world the city remains a
hub for food commerce and culture with
world-renowned destinations like the
Notre Dame
he'd roll the Louvre the Luxembourg
Gardens and the shots Elysees the eiffel
tower alone sees more than 7 million
tourists every year tourism has in part
made the city an economic powerhouse as
well at nearly seven hundred billion
dollars Paris's GDP surpasses even the
entire country of Saudi Arabia Paris is
enduring popularity in rich history make
it one of the most sought-after and
perhaps most romantic cities in the
world we can't do episodes like this
without help from our sponsors this
episode was brought to you by Kay
Jewelers for a hundred years every kiss
begins with Kay with its large
population and booming economy there's
no question that Paris is one of the
most dominant cities in Europe but what
about France as a whole how powerful is
France find out in this video
France is also a full NATO member and a
founding member of the European Union
and they hold a lot of influence over
the world's economy fourteen African
nations use a form of currency called
the CFA franc which has direct ties to
France's national bank thanks for
watching seeker daily everyone don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos every day
