the November 2015 terror attacks in
Paris through their social media
community into a frenzy a fire hose of
information opinions and news stream
through Twitter Facebook and other
networks some of it real some of it
false and a lot of miscommunication in
fact social media has made disaster
response more complicated it oftentimes
more effective so how do we use social
media during disasters well in any
disaster especially when producing
casualties there are two things that
people want to know what's going on and
are my friends and family safe before
the internet was widespread those
questions were answered by legacy news
sources like television and radio the
whereabouts of loved ones would likely
be dependent on a series of phone calls
but today the game has completely
changed as soon as a major event occurs
a flood of information from hundreds if
not thousands of sources springs up
readily available to anyone with
internet access it's even transformed
the nature of journalism with citizen
journalists sometimes providing the most
up-to-date and accurate information
while traditional reporters scramble for
sources but with this overwhelming
amount of information there's a glaring
problem who can be trusted in the days
following the Paris attacks a picture of
a Sikh man holding an iPad was
photoshopped to look like a man holding
the Koran and wearing a bomb vest
he was reported to be one of the
attackers but this is where another
major factor comes in crowdsourcing
while people post information there are
dedicated groups fact-checking
referencing and supporting those ideas
companies like grass wire are able to
collect huge numbers of tweets and
photos while following up on stories and
checking with experts all in real time
the faked photo of the Sikh man was
almost immediately flagged as fake by
grass wire preventing it from gaining as
much traction
the Internet's ability to regulate
itself can lead to even stronger
journalistic standards than in staffed
legacy news networks but at the same
time crowdsourcing information isn't
always the best idea during the hunt for
the 2013 Boston bombers the
crowdsourcing media website reddit
attended to figure out the Bombers
identity a sort of witch-hunt based on
weak evidence led to multiple innocent
people being targeted in the media and
online
despite having nothing to do with the
case at all clearly it's important that
there be some editorial standard and
organization or a crowd can just run
amok with the wrong information social
media has also made it fast and easy to
reassure everybody that you're all right
during dangerous events Facebook's new
safety check feature lets you or someone
else mark you safe in a natural or human
disaster instead of having to create a
phone tree you're able to reassure
anyone interested in your well-being and
then deal with a disaster at hand public
officials are also able to reach as many
people as possible by giving directions
and updates online thereby potentially
saving lives
despite some drawbacks to having a
barrage of information social media has
actually made disaster response more
effective and under the right
organization more accurate as technology
changes the way we interact with the
world it's important to continue
regulating and adapting to new tools if
you want to learn more about the power
of one social media platform you might
have heard of it check out this video
about Facebook well Facebook has been
widely popular as a website where users
can connect with their friends and
express themselves through shared media
membership is free and the site is
primarily funded through advertising
revenue Facebook's founder Mark
Zuckerberg has become the seventh
richest person in America with a net
worth of approximately thirty-five
billion dollars thanks for watching
test-tube news special thanks to grass
wire for collaborating with us on this
episode make sure to check out the links
to their social channels in the
description below and as always don't
forget to subscribe to test-tube news
for new videos every day
