India's Taj Mahal is considered to be
one of the most beautiful buildings in
the world and it sees millions of
tourists every year so what is the
history behind this legendary building
well when the Taj Mahal was built in the
17th century most of northern India was
ruled by the Mughal Empire which was a
Muslim dynasty that arose out of Mongol
conquests in Central Asia one Mughal
descendant Shah Jahan came to power in
1628 according to historians Shah Jahan
had an exceptional life for architecture
and a passion for building earning him
the nickname the builder of marvels the
Taj Mahal resulted from Shah Jahan's
love for his third wife who is known as
Mumtaz Mahal meaning jewel of the palace
several years after Shah Jahan took
power
Mumtaz became ill while giving birth to
the couple's 14th child legend says that
on her deathbed she asked her husband to
build her the most beautiful tomb ever
known and when she died in 1631 he
immediately set out to do just that over
the course of the next two decades more
than 20,000 artisans and labourers were
commissioned for the project coming from
as far as Turkey and Iraq it's believed
that more than 1,000 elephants brought
in materials from all over the region
there was turquoise from Tibet Crystal
and Jade from China
sapphire from Sri Lanka carnelian from
Arabia and many other precious stones
all of which were inlaid in white marble
the total cost of the project was
estimated to be about 32 million Indian
rupees in 1657 just a few years after
the Taj Mahal was completed Shah Jahan
fell ill and his son Dara Shikoh
took over the throne this created
animosity among Dara's brothers who felt
that they had been cheated out of their
share of the Mughal Empire one of his
brothers seized the throne through a
bloody battle and placed his ill father
under house arrest in the royal palace
according to historians the imprisoned
former king demanded to be placed in a
room with the direct view of the Taj
Mahal Shah Jahan died in captivity in
1666 and was buried beside Mumtaz in Taj
Mahal complex although their sarcophagi
cannot be accessed by the public
Raja Han and Mumtaz are represented by
two parallel tombs inside the building
Shah Jahan had multiple wives throughout
his life but claims to only have true
affection for Mumtaz she was as one true
love and his inseparable life partner
accompanying him even on military
ventures the legacy of their enduring
love continues to attract millions of
visitors to the Taj Mahal every year we
can't do episodes like this without help
from our sponsors this episode is
brought to you by Kay Jewelers for 100
years every kiss begins with Kay the Taj
Mahal is not only a symbol of love but
of the wealthy and powerful Empire that
ruled over India so how powerful is
India today find out in this video
there is no centralized military
authority within India's Armed Forces
they don't have an equivalent to the US
as head of the Joint Chiefs as a result
the heads of each wing of their military
act somewhat autonomously this is by
design it prevents the military from
assuming too much power or organizing a
coup thanks for watching seeker daily
don't forget to Like and subscribe for
more videos every day
