in the aftermath of former Cuban
President Fidel Castro's death reactions
from world leaders have been mixed
while president-elect Donald Trump
seemed to be excited Canadian Prime
Minister Justin Trudeau had kind words
to say about the late president calling
him a larger-than-life leader who served
his people meanwhile President Barack
Obama stayed neutral only recognizing
Castro's quote enormous impact so what
is the controversial legacy of Cuba's
fallen communist leader well in 1959
Fidel Castro established Cuba as the
western hemispheres first communist
country after overthrowing the us-backed
military dictator Fulgencio Batista
Castro was a self-declared Marxist
Leninist and upon taking power he
abolished all private enterprises
strictly limited the amount of land
Cubans could own and gave the state
sweeping control over housing and
consumer goods many rival powers called
Castro a tyrant and a dictator as he
shut down opposition newspapers jailed
those who were critical of him and
barred elections Castro's firm grip on
the economy left most Cubans trapped in
poverty and during his nearly 50 years
in power thousands fled to the US but
too many who stayed in Cuba Castro was
actually quite popular pro-castro street
art was erected in Havana and large
crowds gathered for his long unscripted
speeches Castro was celebrated for
reducing illiteracy bringing electricity
to rural communities abolishing legal
discrimination and building schools and
medical facilities
Castro's reputation was also complicated
abroad he was a friend to leftist
movements in Africa the Middle East and
other parts of Latin America as he
supported them during the Cold War for
instance in the 1970s and 80s Castro
deployed tens of thousands of troops to
Angola to fight South African apartheid
era forces upon hearing of Cuba's
intervention Nelson Mandela issued a
statement from jail praising Castro for
being a leader from another continent to
help Africans achieve their own freedom
rather than trying to take it away
Mandela and Castro remained friends
until Mandela's death in 2013
Castro supported similar movements in
Mozambique Ethiopia Algeria Yemen and
Libya but Castro was a bitter rival to
many Western powers predominantly the
United States after he embraced
communism and aligned Cuba with the
Soviet Union u.s. leaders labeled him a
tyrant and set out to remove him from
power through the failed Bay of Pigs
invasion a trade embargo and allegedly
as many as 600
fascination attempts according to one
cuban counterintelligence officer during
much of Castro's reign subsidies from
the Soviet Union kept Cuba's economy
afloat but when the bloc collapsed in
1991 Cuba's economy crumbled and the
flaws in Castro's Soviet ideology became
increasingly apparent in the last decade
of his presidency
Castro stubbornly remained in power even
while his reputation diminished both at
home and abroad finally in 2008 he
stepped down appointing his brother Raul
to lead the country in the end Castro's
legacy along with his achievements are
best described as mixed he was a skilled
politician admired for uplifting Cuba's
poor and supporting leftist movements
abroad but at the same time Castro was
obsessed with holding on to his power
costing him diplomatic ties with the
United States and in many cases damaging
the welfare of the Cuban people nearly
half a century Fidel Castro was at the
center of the United States unsavory
relationship with Cuba but ties between
the u.s. and Cuba stemmed back decades
before Castro's communist revolution so
what is the history of their complicated
relationship find out in this video
Castro took ownership of all US owned
businesses in Cuba including oil
refineries factories and casinos in
response President Dwight Eisenhower
ceased diplomatic relations and trade
later expanded into a pole embargo by
President John F Kennedy thanks for
watching seeker daily don't forget to
Like and subscribe for new videos every
day
