a recent report from the African Union
has detailed forced cannibalism and gang
rape in the South Sudanese Civil War
reportedly tens of thousands of people
have been killed in this conflict alone
but it is only one of roughly 25 active
African conflicts so we wanted to know
what are the biggest ongoing wars on the
continent of Africa while the largest
source of casualties in recent years has
been the Boko Haram insurgency they are
an Islamic extremist terrorist group
which has killed an estimated 15 to
20,000 people since 2009 they started in
Nigeria but spread to Chad Cameroon and
Nigeria the source of the conflict was
Boko Haram belief that Nigeria's
government was non Islamic and Western
leaning it has been described as a
version of Isis in Africa a group Boko
Haram already has close ties with they
achieved worldwide notoriety after
kidnapping 300 schoolgirls in 2014 but
they've also targeted Christians and
Westerners and set off countless bomb
attacks in 2015 they lost considerable
territory and control pushed back by a
regional coalition of neighboring
countries the next largest conflict is
the Somali civil war which has been
ongoing since 1991 in total they've seen
up to half a million casualties as
multiple warlords battled for control of
the country until 2012 there was no
permanent central government and even
today the country is massively unstable
the lack of government led to Somalia
acting as a home base for a number of
terrorist groups including al-qaida
affiliates there has also been a rampant
increase in piracy drought and famine
coupled with wartime Anarchy have been
responsible for many deaths in the
region as well another region of ongoing
conflict is Darfur in Sudan since 2003
anti-government rebel groups attempted a
coup d'etat ostensibly to protect the
country's non Arab minority in response
the Sudanese government initiated a
genocide against its non-arabic
residents the UN has estimated the
conflict has caused up to 300,000 deaths
in nearly 3 million displaced people
half of them children
subsequent ceasefire attempts have
allegedly been breached by the Sudanese
army in Libya a number of rival militant
groups
been fighting for control of the country
in the second Libyan Civil War this is
following a power vacuum caused by the
death of Libya's dictator in 2011
Muammar Gaddafi the current groups
attempting to gain power include an
internationally recognized elected
government called the Tobruk government
there is also an Islamic group called
the Shura Council of Benghazi
revolutionaries which is aligned with
the Muslim Brotherhood also in the mix
is Isis which controls a small amount of
territory in the north and finally there
are a number of competing rebel groups
this war has contributed to more than
4,000 deaths in the past two years alone
similar conflicts and insurgencies are
ongoing in Egypt the Central African
Republic the Congo Ethiopia Algeria
Tunisia
Burundi and Mali a number of regional
communal clashes as well as politically
religiously and ethnically based wars
have kept much of Africa extremely
unstable these wars run contrary to the
mission of the African Union which aims
for unity among African Nations how
important is the African Union you can
learn more in this video it was revamped
at the turn of the century to focus more
on promoting health democracy education
peace and human rights in 2002 the
African Union was finally launched there
are 54 members representing every nation
except Morocco thanks for watching
test-tube news don't forget to Like and
subscribe so you can watch new videos
every day
