in a recent video we took a look at
which countries hate the United States
the most as one of the largest
superpowers in the world the United
States has drawn a great deal of
criticism but although they have a large
number of enemies there are many more
countries which support the US so today
we wanted to look at the other side of
the spectrum which countries love the
United States well according to a 2015
Pew report the most enthusiastic opinion
of the u.s. was held by the Philippines
with 92 percent of respondents
indicating an overall favorable view
they also held the highest approval
ratings of President Barack Obama in
fact the Philippines used to be a u.s.
colony in the late 1800s and has
remained one of their oldest allies in
Southeast Asia presently the Philippines
is the fourth largest source of
immigrants to the u.s. behind Mexico
China and India in 2014 President Obama
increased the US military presence in
the region and helped defend the
Philippines from Chinese territorial
expansion the second highest opinion of
the u.s. at 89% comes from Ghana the US
and gada are strong business partners
and their mutual trade results in
billions of dollars in profit annually
this has helped Ghana accelerate their
economic growth and reduce poverty
levels by half Ghana was also the first
nation to receive US deployed Peace
Corps volunteers in 1961 who have since
maintained a strong aid presence
throughout the country one of the two
countries tied for third highest opinion
of the u.s. is Kenya both Kenyan Ghana
have received millions of dollars in aid
and have had American support in the
development of their democratic
governments in Kenya terrorist attacks
like the one on the neuro B shopping
mall in 2013 have led to increased US
counterterrorism assistance President
Obama's visit to Kenya in 2015 has also
been said to undoubtedly contribute to
the current high approval rating in age
of many nations like Japan and Vietnam
benefit from US financial support and
military protection however it is South
Korea who ties with Kenya for the third
friendliest pro-us country and has
likely benefited the most from its
relationship with the United States the
u.s. was instrumental in its creation
since the Korean War the u.s. continues
to defend South Korea against their
unstable neighbor in North Korea notably
coming in at fourth as the u.s. itself
perhaps surprisingly many Americans
don't approve of
as leadership as do other Asian or
African countries more or less
wiretapping and other violations of
civil liberties have lowered many
American citizens opinions of their own
government despite the widespread
criticism of the USS foreign policy many
countries are grateful for American
military defense and financial support
so many nations believe that the u.s.
heavily overcompensates in its
international duties now you know who
loves the United States what about the
countries who really don't like the
country at all learn more about that by
watching this video right here well
according to a recent Pew poll surveying
40 countries throughout the world
the Middle East is the most critical
region of the US and its actions since
2001 the United States has fought a war
on terror throughout nations like Iraq
Afghanistan and Syria this has resulted
in countless casualties severely
damaging the United States's popularity
in the area thanks for watching don't
forget to Like and subscribe to
test-tube news so you don't miss out on
new videos
