as the 2016 presidential election heats
up candidates are becoming more and more
aggressive in their debates Republican
frontrunner Donald Trump and dr. ben
Carson have been duking it out over
issues like faith abortion and health
care and while seemingly everybody knows
Trump's story
Carson hasn't had nearly the same level
of exposure so we wanted to know who is
ben Carson
well Carson is arguably the least
politically minded candidate in the
running while the rest of the Republican
roundup is comprised of career
politicians and business people Carson
is actually a retired neurosurgeon he
was even the first person to separate
conjoined twins attached at the head ben
Carson achieved political acclaim in
2013 after giving a conservative-leaning
speech during the National Prayer
Breakfast after doing extremely well in
potential candidate polls he announced
his candidacy in May of 2015 so what
does Ben Carson believe well in regards
to his field of expertise he is opposed
to Obamacare and has compared it to
slavery he is against abortion although
he has referred women seeking abortions
to other doctors making some question
his record perhaps surprisingly he has
written about taking part in physician
assisted suicide
Carson is also in favor of medical
marijuana but not for recreational use
and thinks the driving blood alcohol
level should be dropped to nearly zero
to end drunk driving Carson is also a
very religious person and blames many of
America's problems on quote secular
progressives for example he has based
his economic policy to establish a flat
tax on the religious principle of
tithing Carson believes homosexuality as
a choice and opposes same-sex marriage
but acknowledges its legality although
he has questioned the morality of the
Iraq war he believes that the US
military should not have any limitations
in attempting to destroy Isis including
bans on torture Carson has stated that
citizens should not have to register
their weapons for fear the government
will come to take them he also believes
that climate change is irrelevant dr.
Ben Carson's biggest issue however is
with political correctness he has
claimed that Christians are no longer
allowed to say Merry Christmas that
there is a war on God and that public
education is a system of propaganda
Carson's views are not dissimilar
to many other Republican candidates he
is staunchly religious fiscally
conservative and has demanded a smaller
government with churches filling in for
cut social programs however with
relatively little name recognition and
no particularly original policy ideas
many are predicting that his high
polling numbers will diminish as
election season goes on ben Carson and
Donald Trump have been exchanging heated
words in recent weeks to learn more
about the Trump stir himself check out
this video here his start came as a
result of his father Fred Trump who had
already amassed a real estate fortune
before his death Donald Trump has
controlled his father's company since
the 1970s he's primarily invested in
Hotel and Casino real estate and filed
for business bankruptcy at four times
thanks for watching test-tube news
everybody don't forget to subscribe and
keep coming back every day for more new
videos
