in August 2015 a South Korean man set
himself on fire to protest Japan's human
rights abuses during the occupation of
Korea in the early 20th century a recent
BBC poll found that a majority of South
Koreans hold negative views of the
Japanese so why does South Korea hate
Japan beginning in the late 19th century
Japan established dominance over Korea
and from 1910 to 1945 it was annexed as
a Japanese colony Japan's military
leadership was harsh but it did help
modernize Korea however after the war
Japan surrendered control of Korea to
the Soviet Union and United States who
split the country into this would later
be known as time of great confusion and
turmoil in Korea culminating in the
devastating Korean War Japan had
previously occupied most high-level
military positions before 1945 so there
were few Korean leaders that held enough
power to unite the whole country again
amid the political chaos although Japan
has made apologies to Korea for their
colonial rule many Koreans still feel
the apologies lack sincerity one of the
worst effects of japan's influence was
the mandatory establishment of brothels
in korea and other neighboring countries
like china during World War two comfort
women as the sex slaves were called were
often kidnapped and forced to work after
the war was over and brothels were
disbanded tens of thousands of surviving
women who had dealt with STDs and
traumatic injuries were not acknowledged
by Japanese leaders until the 1990s
additionally some Japanese textbooks
have allegedly ignored and whitewashed
this part of history sparking anger
among South Koreans weekly rallies
calling for Japan's further
acknowledgment of these tragedies have
occurred outside Japan's Embassy in
South Korea since 1992 further
territorial disputes had added to the
discord a string of islands valued for
their fishing reserves and natural gas
resources have been claimed by both
countries even the name of the Sea of
Japan between them is a source of debate
South Koreans prefer the less possessive
term the East Sea these
issues have contributed to diminished
trade relations and diplomatic deadlock
the heart of many of their disputes is
based on Japan always coming out ahead
partially based on their subjugation of
Korea although South Korea has proven
itself to be one of the most prosperous
and promising ageing economies the
lasting effects of war and Japanese
Imperialism have kept them one step
behind their neighbor in the long run
however despite old unhealed wounds the
two nations have been allies in the face
of other hostile nations like Russia and
North Korea South Korea and Japan's
proximity to one another has encouraged
an overlapping popular culture and
complementary economies although the two
countries have dealt with more than a
century of strife they are still
massively reliant on each other South
Korea is not the only country that hates
Japan though China's also got an ongoing
grudge and with good reason
find out more about that in this video
there is a shockingly long history of
military conflict between China and
Japan the first recorded battle dates
all the way back to 663 AD but the
incident at the heart of this conflict
is the treatment of the Chinese by the
Japanese during the second sino-japanese
war a war that continued deep into World
War two and included one of the largest
atrocities of modern times thanks for
watching us on test-tube news remember
to Like and subscribe to get new videos
every day
