in 2010 two police officers were shot
and killed by sovereign citizens in
Arkansas during a routine traffic stop
in most cases sovereign citizens tend to
be more of a nuisance than a deadly
threat they claim that US law does not
apply to them and refused to pay traffic
tickets and taxes however a 2014 survey
of law enforcement officers found that
sovereign citizens were the number one
threat in the u.s. more so than even
Islamic extremists or neo-nazis so what
exactly is a sovereign citizen well the
concept is a little difficult to explain
mainly because it doesn't really make
any sense
basically sovereign citizens believe
that through a series of loopholes and
common law court decisions selective
readings of the Constitution and obscure
tax codes that they do not have to
follow u.s. law they tend to argue that
because they never agreed to the federal
government's authority they cannot be
arrested or charged with a crime it is
difficult to summarize the reasons
behind this belief because every
sovereign citizen tends to have their
own interpretation of common law
sovereign citizens often renounce their
US citizenship driver's license marriage
license voter registration birth
certificate and anything else they see
as a contract with the federal
government in nearly all cases their
claims are dismissed as frivolous most
sovereign citizen organizations charge
memberships or sell DVDs promising to
explain how to achieve sovereign status
the movement was originally started by a
1960s Christian white supremacist group
called Posse Comitatus one of their core
beliefs is that the United States is
controlled by a global Jewish conspiracy
in order to distance themselves from
supporting this government while still
continuing to live within the u.s. they
developed the belief that they are not
subject to federal laws the group is
most known for pioneering techniques
known as paper terrorism this includes
filing frivolous lawsuits fake reports
of tax evasion on government officials
and similar false documents this forces
their victims to spend time and money
responding to these illegitimate claims
which sometimes even leads to bankruptcy
one of the simplest arguments against
sovereign citizens is that the
Constitution and by extension the
federal government has Express authority
over citizens to the United
dates this is according to Article 6 of
the Constitution known as the Supremacy
Clause those who renounce their
citizenship must do it in a foreign
country and in front of a US diplomat or
consular they cannot simply declare
themselves sovereign while continuing to
live in the United States as of 2010 the
Southern Poverty Law Center estimated
that there are about a hundred thousand
hard-core sovereign citizens another two
hundred thousand have attempted
sovereign citizen arguments against
things like traffic tickets and taxes
although their beliefs are completely
illegitimate and born out of
anti-semitic racism they are a
disruptive and growing force within the
United States although the fear of
Islamic extremists has reached an
all-time high in the United States
attacks are actually almost non-existent
check out this video about what
terrorist threats America is actually
facing only about nine American Muslims
per year have taken part in terrorist
plots in the u.s. in total twenty
incidents resulted in about 50 deaths a
2012 study showed that in the same time
period right-wing extremists were
responsible for about 337 attacks per
year thanks for watching test-tube news
everyone don't forget to Like and
subscribe for new videos from us every
single day
you
