in July 2015 the son of ex dictator
Muammar Gaddafi was sentenced to death
for war crimes Gaddafi was one of the
longest ruling dictators before being
killed during the Libyan Revolution but
there are still a number of decades-long
dictatorships active around the world so
who are the world's longest reigning
dictators now technically the title of
dictator only applies to those leaders
who rule with absolute authority usually
in single-party States with repressive
policies while some world leaders come
close to fitting this description for
example Russia's Vladimir Putin who has
been in power for nearly 16 years
they're not necessarily dictators nearly
all long term dictatorships can be found
in Africa the most commonly acknowledged
longest ruling dictator is the president
of Cameroon Paul Biya the dictators
40-year reign has been marred by rigged
elections the removal of term limits and
repressive censorship laws ba has been
ranked as one of the world's worst
dictators for widespread torture by the
police and physical intimidation of
journalists however in 2008 the leader
changed the constitution to give himself
immunity for his crimes
another notoriously repressive dictator
is President Obiang of Equatorial Guinea
since rousting his own uncle as
president in 1979 obi Yang's 36 year
long rule has turned the country into
one of the world's worst Human Rights
situations despite being the richest
country per capita in Africa the
oil-rich nation ranks near the bottom of
the Human Development Index half of the
population even lacks access to clean
water obi Yang's press censorship has
also been called the worst of the worst
by Freedom House the state controls all
media and restricts international
coverage one journalist was even
suspended for briefly mentioning Libya's
revolution in 2011 the country is also a
major source and destination for human
trafficking another African country with
a long-standing dictator is Angola
President Jose Eduardo dos Santos has
been in power since 1979 and been
accused of repeat election fraud under
his rule Angola has become one of the
most corrupt countries in Africa nearly
three-quarters of the population lives
on less than $2 per day meanwhile dos
Santos his family and business
Associates have become extremely wealthy
through kickbacks from nearly every
industry in 2012 nearly half of the
country seventy billion dollar oil
revenues went missing in trying to track
down illegal finances a number of
journalists have been arrested and fined
under Anti Defamation laws journalists
are regularly threatened harmed and
imprisoned while money continues to be
siphoned to the dictator and his family
in July 2015 President Obama visited
Africa and warned dictators that they
would not see progress so long as they
continued their lifelong rule
he also criticized restrictions on free
speech and increasing human rights
abuses while other countries have
decades-long dictatorships like Zimbabwe
and Cambodia they all follow a similar
pattern of disenfranchisement violence
and extreme inequality
although these dictatorships number
among the longest there are much worse
dictators around the world for a more
complete list of active dictatorships
watch this video a dictatorship is a
form of authoritarian government in
which complete power over the people and
state is held by one person or political
entity the word is often used
interchangeably with terms like tyranny
monarchy totalitarianism autocracy
despotism and even sometimes with words
like Republic and democracy thanks for
watching test-tube news make sure to
LIKE and subscribe so you get all of our
videos every day
