in July 2015 a New Mexico nine one one
dispatcher hung up on a panicked caller
after becoming annoyed with the caller's
tone the mishandled call was made public
and many have been asking how often do
9-1-1 calls go wrong and what actually
is supposed to happen when you call 911
the us the now ubiquitous 9-1-1
emergency number was only established in
the late 1960s originally you would have
to call different local numbers to reach
various emergency services callers would
even have to wait for an operator to
connect them manually before the
widespread usage of rotary and dial
phones in the 50s fire and police
departments petitioned the government
for one simple and universal emergency
number to help expedite their services
in 1968 such a number was established
the digits 9-1-1 were chosen because
they were unique and had never before
been assigned today nearly all phones
have basic 9-1-1 call capability even if
the phone carrier service is disabled
this is because all wireless carriers
must transmit all Wireless 911 calls
without respect to their call validation
process basic 9-1-1 service puts a
caller through to the nearest available
public safety answering point where a
dispatcher relays information to the
appropriate emergency department most
cities also utilize an enhanced 911
service which will automatically display
the location of the caller to the
dispatcher dispatchers usually operate
out of police or fire stations and are
available 24/7 even during power
failures operators stay online and
operational using backup generators but
the 9-1-1 system isn't perfect for
instance mobile and internet phones
present special challenges because they
aren't fixed to one location like
landlines some cell phones have GPS
services but many dispatchers say that
location information is often inaccurate
with 70% of 911 calls placed on wireless
phones this becomes a huge problem for
dispatchers prank calling is also a huge
issue for 911 services resulting in a
waste of responders time and effort in
California the penalty for calling 9-1-1
prank calling is a fine of $10,000 an
even possible jail time ultimately the
911 system is still evolving and
improving in order to best meet the
nation's growing needs the service
prevents untold numbers of deaths and
injury every year many 911 emergency
czar caused by America's prolific use of
guns to find out why America has so many
firearms check out our video on the
subject here the founding fathers
understood that in most conflicts the
more powerfully armed force usually wins
the Second Amendment was intended to
fight tyrannical oppression defend
against invaders and guarantee the right
to self-defense thanks for following our
channel we've got so many interesting
videos in our library so make sure you
browse around we will see you next time
on test-tube news
