as Greece struggles with its massive
debt and rampant unemployment some are
calling for the return of technocrat
leaders to Athens these kinds of leaders
who have backgrounds in economics and
finance may hold the key to saving the
Greek economy so what exactly is a
technocrat or technocracy well
technocrats in the general sense are
technical experts who hold political
office they differ from regular
politicians because they have more
specialized expertise in non-political
fields usually these academic
professionals function as advisors but
in a technocracy they themselves rule
they are often elected for their
specific skills that complement whatever
crisis the nation is going through
technocracy czar heavily associated with
communist governments although the
political philosophy was also briefly
popular in the United States during the
Depression era in the Soviet Union
beginning in the 1930s many engineering
experts were promoted into political
leadership creating what might have been
the first technocratic government today
there are no truly functioning
technocracy
China however is sometimes called a
technocracy because their leading
political party is an elite group of
experts from many fields for example
China's current president obtained
degrees in chemical engineering and law
before entering the political sphere and
his predecessor who Jintao was
originally a hydraulics engineer who
moved up the ranks within the Ministry
of Water Conservancy in power before
entering politics technocrats tend to
have the most success in the short term
in 2011 Italy in Greece elected new
prime ministers who had specific
expertise in economics and finance
they made the hard decisions and budget
cuts that were necessary at that time
but since those decisions were unpopular
the Greek and Italian technocrats were
ousted once their terms were up in
theory technocracy works because
technical experts can use their
knowledge to address a direct problem
without getting bogged down in the
surrounding politics however according
to analysts many technocrats lack
real-world insight into the lives of the
general population additionally by not
playing into politics technocrats lose
out on political favors and a broader
understanding of a complicated situation
as a result the actual implementation of
their rules and regulations may not take
into account issues outside of
technocratic therefore career
politicians who have long been involved
in the mainstream political sphere tend
to have more rounded success in
long-term leadership technocracy x' have
often been associated with communism but
what is communism to find out more about
that check out one of our most popular
videos here in particular Marxism is
focused on the exploitation of the
worker it's based on the idea that any
profit generated by the worker but
instead goes to the business owner is a
form of inequality and should be
abolished thanks so much for watching
test-tube news every one comment below
suggest future topics and as always
please subscribe for all of our videos
every day
