in 2015 Egypt joined in the fight
against Isis
most recently the Egyptian military
managed to prevent an Isis suicide
bomber from blowing up a military
outpost in Cairo with this new force in
the mix we wanted to know just how
powerful is Egypt
well Egypt is relatively large with an
even larger population spanning across
both Asia and Africa the nearly 400,000
square mile country hosts roughly 86
million people this makes them the most
populated nation in the arabic-speaking
world in the 16th most populous overall
Egypt is particularly famous for being
one of the world's oldest nation-states
having been settled as far back as 5000
BC some have called the area the cradle
of civilization and attribute the birth
of literacy religion agriculture and
government to Egypt and surrounding
regions they have also one of the
largest economies in the Middle East
with a GDP of about two hundred and
eighty six billion dollars ranking 38th
worldwide unlike most Middle Eastern
economies which primarily make money
from crude oil Egypt has successfully
diversified into tourism agriculture and
new media additionally they have been
the second largest recipients of US
foreign aid after Israel Egypt is also
home to a number of world famous sites
like the Sphinx and the Great Pyramid of
Giza as a result their strongest
economic sector is tourism employing as
much as 12% of the workforce they are
also the largest oil-producing nation in
Africa outside of OPEC and trade energy
and coal natural gas and hydroelectric
power with a high population and economy
Egypt also has one of the largest
militaries in the world with one and a
quarter million troops and four and a
half billion dollars spent on defense
they ranked 18th globally this became
particularly relevant during the Arab
Spring when the head of the Egyptian
army orchestrated a coup d'etat against
the elected President Mohammed Morsi
effectively the Egyptian military became
so powerful that it could not be
controlled by its own executive branch
for many years Egypt's military was
supported financially and
technologically by the United States as
a diplomatic ally in the Middle East but
with the repeated change of Egyptian
leadership in the last few years the
u.s. temporarily froze a
payments from 2013 to 2015 with the
largest population military and economy
stretching across two continents it is
clear that Egypt is the most powerful
country in the Middle East region
however the volatile nature of their
government coupled with repeat
implementation of restrictive martial
law and censorship could lead to severe
instability within the country still as
a force against the spread of Isis they
are likely the Middle East's best shot
at defeating the Islamic state if you
want to know more about the rise of the
Muslim Brotherhood and the subsequent
election and deposition of President
Morsi check out this timeline most
recently the deposed Egyptian president
and a member of the Brotherhood Mohamed
Morsi was sentenced to 20 years in
prison in what has been called a sham
trial by Amnesty International thanks
for watching test-tube news don't forget
to Like and subscribe we release new
videos every single day
