in July 2015 a bill called 21st century
cures was overwhelmingly passed by the
US House of Representatives the
legislation would increase funding
towards the federal drug approval
process and help expedite the
certification of new medicines well this
is encouraging for pharmaceutical
companies some are worried that
Americans will be more exposed to
dangerous drugs so how does a drug get
approved for the US market well the Food
and Drug Administration is one of the
world's strictest regulatory agencies
both the testing and manufacturing
phases are closely monitored to get a
new drug certified pharmaceutical
companies are responsible for testing it
themselves but they follow strict
guidelines dictated by the FDA's Center
for Drug Evaluation and Research
this agency tells them how many and what
kind of trials are necessary then
experts including physicians chemists
and statistician x' review the trial
data decide whether the drug should be
certified or not from 2004 to 2012 the
CDER approved an average of 26 drugs per
year in the past decade about 80% of
drug ingredients and 40% of prescription
drugs sold in the US were foreign made
in order to handle increased
globalization in 2011 the FDA Food
Safety Modernization Act was established
this allowed the agency to create
additional Foreign Office's to inspect
imported food and drugs
additionally modern surveillance and
digital data compiling systems have
helped the FDA pinpoint any security
risks in the timeline of drug
manufacturing in 2015 the agency banned
imports from a large Indian drug company
after inspections revealed that quality
standards were not met the FDA also
works closely with international trade
organizations to ensure the security of
food and drug transport if anything goes
wrong with the new drug the FDA plays an
important role in penalizing the
responsible drug company usually with
large fines individuals may also file
lawsuits if they were harmed by a new
drug in 2012 as a result of incorrect
health ratings on some newly developed
medicines health care giant
GlaxoSmithKline paid three billion
dollars in criminal and civil charges
despite major incentives and regulations
which promote the manufacturing of safe
drugs this
isn't perfect the FDA has drawn
criticism for allowing many foreign
clinical trials which may involve adults
and children and poor nations being used
as guinea pigs
although GlaxoSmithKline has denied any
wrongdoing in 2008 in Argentina the
company was accused of sponsoring a drug
trial that led to 14 infant deaths
according to the Inspector General in
2008 80% of approved new drugs had
clinical trials abroad with new medical
innovations coming out quicker than ever
before the FDA needs to update some of
its policies the reason bill to expedite
drug approval may help the agency keep
on track with the rapid pace of
development in the pharmaceutical
industry officials hold that FDA
approval is a gold standard that is
recognized worldwide
despite some growing pains the FDA
maintains extremely high standards for
u.s. citizens many legal and illegal
drugs are being produced in China
including one drug called Flocka that
caused several American deaths this year
to find out more check out our video
about China's role in the drug trade
according to the new york times over 150
Chinese companies sell designer drugs
like Flocka which is illegal in the u.s.
designer or synthetic drugs are
specifically formulated chemical
compounds whose effects are similar to
existing drugs thanks so much for
watching test-tube news let us know your
video suggestions in the comments and
subscribe for new videos every day of
the week
