in June 2015
Belgium ruled that a healthy 24 year old
woman suffering from depression
qualifies for euthanasia in California a
woman with painful lung cancer has sued
the state to allow her to commit suicide
some countries have laws criminalizing
suicide others have laws allowing
euthanasia
so should people have the right to die
well the argument against suicide was
first debated by the philosopher
Socrates he said that since people
belong to the gods and not themselves it
was not their right to end their own
lives before this suicide was generally
seen as a last resort alternative to
extreme or prolonged suffering by the
ancient Egyptians and Romans but a
society progressed and Christianity
spread suicide began to be seen as a sin
a violation of thou shalt not kill since
one couldn't repent for a sin after
committing suicide it was implied that
you would go to hell as a result in the
thirteenth century Thomas Aquinas a
priest and legal scholar codified this
belief influencing criminal and civil
law while suicide is no longer illegal
in most countries including the United
States the topic has seen significant
resurgence in recent years in the form
of right to die euthanasia euthanasia is
also known as assisted suicide some
argue that people should be allowed the
right to die for the exact same reason
they are given a right to live
specifically the right to life is
inherently the right to either continue
or stop living without the second option
it is no longer a right but a duty to
live additionally the complicated issue
of whether or not assisting suicide
should be illegal becomes part of the
problem while suicide itself is mostly
not criminalized around the world use in
Asia is considered murder in many
regions however in some situations a
person who wants to commit suicide is
unable to by physical limitations
alternately someone may prefer to deal
with the issue medically and not alone
on the other hand many opposed suicide
and the right to die on both religious
and secular grounds the Hippocratic oath
is a code for doctors which is generally
understood to include a responsibility
to avoid
patience assisting suicide would
generally violate that oath
additionally someone with an incorrect
diagnosis may kill themselves to avoid
suffering some argue that a certain
level of mental degeneration brought on
by illness or age would preclude a
person from making the informed choice
to kill themselves there is also the
fear that it would create a slippery
slope of insurers pressuring doctors to
prescribe euthanasia to cut down on
costs
the right to die debate is a deeply
philosophical and existential issue with
no easy solution culture religion age
and a myriad of other differences mean
that euthanasia and suicide are
extremely personal subjects if you're
feeling suicidal please look up your
local suicide helpline or call someone
you trust to talk things over death is a
controversial issue to find out what the
US government believes is an appropriate
method of execution check out our two
videos here thank you for watching
test-tube news subscribe for new videos
every day
