since ethiopia and eritrea split to
become two countries in 1993 both
nations have maintained a high state of
alert around their shared borders
Eritrea has accused Ethiopia several
times of staging attacks so just how
powerful is Ethiopia well the nation
resides on the eastern Horn of Africa
and is nearly twice the size of Texas it
is bordered by countries like Korea
Kenya Sudan and Somalia historically the
Ethiopian Empire was one of the only
African nations strong enough to fight
European colonization efforts during the
Scramble for Africa
thus Ethiopia has become a role model
for African independence many other
African countries use the flag colors of
Ethiopia in solidarity Ethiopia has the
continents fifth strongest military but
worldwide they ranked 46th just above
Argentina they have nearly 200,000
active frontline personnel and thousands
of tanks they also provide significant
military and police personnel to the
United Nations peacekeeping forces
however much of their arsenal is said to
be outdated and from the Soviet era
Ethiopia is a low-income nation and one
of Africa's poorest but with its huge
population it is one of the fastest
growing economies on the continent their
GDP is about 47 billion dollars and
ranks roughly 80th in the world while
they don't have significant oil reserves
like several other wealthier African
nations they do have booming
agricultural industries their primary
exports are coffee and flowers
Ethiopia's capital of Addis Ababa is
often referred to as the political
capital of Africa this is because the
African Union and the United Nations
Economic Commission for Africa are both
headquartered there Ethiopia was also
one of the 51 founding members of the
United Nations in 1945 they maintained
strong relationships with Western powers
as well as China and India who are close
trading partners with Ethiopia
so how powerful is Ethiopia well within
Africa it is one of the top five most
powerful nations they dominate in terms
of population military and political
relationships worldwide however Ethiopia
isn't a very influential country and
depends on the United States and others
for humanitarian aid because of their
subpar human rights record and rampant
poverty Ethiopia has a long way to go
before being truly considered a powerful
nation Ethiopia is home to some of the
most interesting human history in the
world to explore some ancient churches
carved from beautiful volcanic rock
check out this happen here now Brian
took this photo on a visit to a church
that was actually carved into a hill to
reach this particular church we walked
along a shallow ravine that eventually
became deeper and thank you for watching
test-tube news please remember to
subscribe
