with relations between Russia and the
NATO countries rapidly deteriorating
many analysts have referred to this
conflict as the second cold war however
a significant number of factors are
different between the 20th century
conflict and this one so what is the
second cold war well the original cold
war was an indirectly confrontational
standoff from 1945 to 1991 it was
between the Western bloc made up of the
United States and NATO against the
Eastern Bloc which was the Soviet Union
and satellite States the split was
largely based on ideological differences
pitting the capitalist West with the
communist East the Cold War was
considered cold as neither side took
part in regional warfare however
fighting did take place in the form of
proxy wars in Korea Vietnam and
Afghanistan which both sides supported
financially and militarily the Cold War
ended with the collapse of the Soviet
Union in 1991
today's Cold War 2.0 is largely the
result of Russian opposition to NATO
expansion following the collapse of the
Soviet Union in recent years russia's
President Vladimir Putin has promoted
conservative policy and anti Western
ideology known as putinism within this
view is the concept that the countries
which gained independence after the
Soviet Union ended should still be
within Russia's sphere of influence in
2005 Putin referred to the residents of
the former Soviet Union as Russians
who've been left outside of the Russian
border his actions have been widely
interpreted as attempts to restore the
old Soviet Union under a new Russian
Federation in February of 2014 Putin
allegedly invaded Ukraine and annexed
the city of Crimea while denying any
Russian involvement in the military
operation in response Russia was ejected
from the g8 making it the g7
additionally the EU enacted broad
sanctions against Russia but besides
bringing down the value of the ruble the
sanctions have had little political
influence following the annexation NATO
began a military buildup near the
Russian border Putin responded by
violating international law again and
preparing more than 1500 nuclear weapons
for
moment in April of 2015 it leaked that
Russia was prepared to respond to
non-nuclear events with nuclear weapons
this created dangerous uncertainty
within the international community
reminiscent of the original Cold War in
other ex-soviet countries like Georgia
Moldova and the Baltic states tensions
have been strained between Pro and anti
Putin groups some speculate that Russia
plans to continue invading and annexing
those former countries as a result of
Russia's government controlling domestic
media sources their reporting has been
recently referred to as information
manipulation and mass hallucinations
with no basis in reality the East versus
West standoff has dangerous implications
for the rest of the world especially as
nuclear weapons come into play the last
cold war lasted nearly half a century
and many are hoping that this second
round is quickly resolved before it
turns from cold to scorching if you're
interested in diving deeper into the
incredibly complicated politics of
Eastern Europe make sure you check out
our video here about some times that
Russia has recently crossed into foreign
territory also in April and unarmed
Russian jet made a dozen passes over the
USS Donald cook an American warship
stationed in the Black Sea then in
August and September Russian warships
threatened a Finnish research vessel and
Russian jets entered Swedish airspace
without permission
thank you for watching test-tube please
subscribe for more videos
