in 2008 the world suffered a devastating
financial crisis many countries when
faced with the potential collapse of
their largest banks chose to bail them
out but one country Iceland did the
exact opposite they let their banks fail
and many financial experts were
surprised with the remarkable recovery
seen by the Icelandic economy so how did
Iceland beat the bank's well it's
important to note that Iceland is a
small isolated country in the Nordic
region its main industries are fishing
and aluminium smelting which are
relatively consistent sources of income
for the past decades Iceland has seen
steady economic growth and comparable
standards of living to its Nordic
neighbors in 2000 I sling privatize its
banking industry this opened the doors
to foreign debt and by 2007 2/3 of their
financing came from abroad when the
global recession hit three of Iceland's
major banks collapsed this was
attributed to overextending their loans
and making unsavory business decisions
for instance one infamous bank lands
bankin made Iceland residents
responsible for more deposits than they
could make payments on unlike in the
United States where the bank's deceitful
actions merited a bailout Iceland
refused to do the same
Iceland's central bank chief and former
Prime Minister was quoted as saying we
do not intend to pay the debts of the
banks that have been a little heedless
instead the government instituted Social
Welfare and debt forgiveness programs
effectively bailing out their own
citizens additionally a number of
corrupt bankers were even jailed for
their role in unscrupulous lending as a
result today Iceland is holding a steady
annual growth rate of 3% annually by
comparison other European countries like
Greece and Estonia stroll to maintain a
growth rate of 0.2% and 1.1 percent
Iceland also maintains a low
unemployment rate around 4 percent while
countries like Greece have seen their
unemployment rate hit almost 30 percent
not all countries can do what Iceland
did but their success can certainly
serve as a model the Icelandic president
also made a point of comparison between
their financial reforms
and the e use current austerity measures
if the struggling European economies
introduce currency controls let their
banks fail and provided more support for
the poor they be following in iceland's
path however despite their success
letting the banks fail also came with a
lot of risk for many larger countries
and economic collapse could devastate
the world economy as well in the case of
the US they decided they had too much to
lose
ever heard of Swiss bank accounts and
how they're used to provide a safe haven
for financial privacy this might not be
the case anymore check out our video
here to learn all about it these
infractions have included Mis selling
products to elderly customers lending
bank names and logos to fraudulent
pension funds being involved in the in
Ron collapse and a huge Ponzi scheme
that cost investors 600 million dollars
thanks for watching test-tube and please
subscribe
