in 2015 two separate rankings for the
most expensive cities for expatriates
listed African cities is first Luanda
and Angola and Juba in southern Sudan
offer a higher standard of living for
foreigners at a high price
but as some Drive Porsches around their
neighborhoods many others lack regular
access to electricity or clean water so
are the profits from African oil
reserves really going toward African
people and in the end will Africa's oil
profits be a help or hindrance to the
continents modernization well of the top
twenty most expensive cities for
expatriates roughly a fourth are African
oil boom towns in places like Angola
Chad the Democratic Republic of the
Congo say Shell and Nigeria but many
people in these cities are still plagued
by high levels of poverty unemployment
crime and infant mortality the reported
richness of the city on average belies
the significant wealth gap between the
haves and have-nots endless slums in
Luanda are home to those who make less
than $2 per day while gated communities
and skyscrapers housed the wealthy elite
yachts nightclubs and expensive
restaurants are available to only a
select few according to the BBC
cocktails can cost $60 and a watermelon
can cost $100 in the mid-2000s because
of oil wealth the city infamously racked
up billions of dollars in budget surplus
while about 3,000 of the poorest
residents died in a cholera outbreak
Nigeria with its significant oil
reserves is also an oil boom nation in
2014 their national GDP overtook South
Africa's by 2030 the USDA has predicted
the nation will have the 19th largest
economy in the world in some cities
Nigeria is experiencing a tech hub and
economic boom increased oil wealth there
has resulted in an encouraging decline
in poverty rates nationwide however
according to the UN about 54% of the
population subsists on one dollar and 25
cents per day but poverty and violence
still plague much of the African
continent and many blame the oil
industry for increasing corruption in
the
workforce and destroying the environment
around the oil wells according to
reports the Nigerian government
misplaced twenty billion dollars in oil
profits in 2014 so could all wealth
improve Africa
if reserves don't dry up the money flow
could eventually make huge benefits in
the lives of many Africans to combat the
corruption in oil companies several
human rights groups are already making
progress imposing new regulations on the
industry perhaps in a matter of years or
decades with the proper oversight the
oil industry will become the most
significant factor in Africa's rising
living standards across the board oil
isn't the only African resource drawing
billions of dollars in outside
investment to learn why China and
America focused so much on the continent
in recent years take a look at our video
here the economic standing and political
stability of African nations vary widely
there are places like the Democratic
Republic of Congo that have been
war-torn for decades and are showing
little economic growth thanks for
watching test-tube news please remember
to subscribe so that you can get all of
our videos
you
