in 2015 the Central Intelligence Agency
released most of a classified report on
administrative failings leading up to
the events of 9/11
however some politicians still want the
rest of the report classified which
allegedly details Saudi Arabia's linked
to al-qaeda so why are those pages still
censored what kind of information does
the US government restrict well there
are three main categories of classified
information in the United States which
the general public cannot access these
levels are named confidential secret and
top secret and order from least to most
sensitive data to access that
information specific clearances must be
obtained requiring extensive background
checks reports estimate that there are
5.1 million people in the US with these
security clearances the US government
has the power to repress any information
that it judges could potentially
threaten national security some of the
early laws to protect classified
documents go back to the 1917 Espionage
Act and the 1954 Atomic Energy Act which
helped outline wartime protocol for
secrecy leaks of confidential
information may cause damage to national
security the leaks top-secret
information may cause exceptionally
grave damage recently President Obama
made an executive order mandating that
no information be classified
indefinitely in every report even the
most secret must now have a specified
date for automatic declassification
usually within 25 years the recently
declassified CIA report on events
leading up to 9/11 was originally marked
top secret and is still partially
censored why all the redacted sections
reportedly linked Saudi Arabia and the
terrorist organization al Qaeda together
which could provoke increased hostility
from Saudi Arabia and as the nation is
sensitive diplomatic ties to the u.s.
the CIA sees declassification as a risk
to international relations but even more
controversial documents over the years
have been Declassified one memorandum to
the Secretary of Defense in 1962
outlined a plan to commit acts of terror
on US citizens blamed Cuba and use it as
an excuse to go to war with them it took
roughly 40 years for the government to
approve the declassification of this
document presumably to do so back in the
60s could have
Cuba during a sensitive time and
initiated a cold war it's hard to know
exactly how many reports the government
is currently restricting for the public
however according to report from 2009
there may be somewhere around 55 million
one Harvard professor has estimated that
since the 1970s the US may have produced
about a trillion pages of classified
information enough to equal two hundred
times the holdings of the entire Library
of Congress for more details on the
CIA's classified information which has
even included the memories of Guantanamo
prisoners check out this video from
seeker daily why is anything classified
well because the government deems that
certain information threatens national
security so much that its secrecy is
more important than the basic democratic
right to have a transparent government
thanks for watching test-tube news
subscribe for new stories every day
