there's no question that public
attitudes toward the lesbian gay and
bisexual community have shifted
dramatically in a relatively short
amount of time just last year the number
of married same-sex couples in the US
has tripled to see how this shift has
changed LGB demographics we asked dr.
Gary gates of the Williams Institute to
tell us more what percentage of the u.s.
population today would identify as LGBT
based on your data the best estimates
that we have for the percentage of
population in the u.s. that identify as
LGBTQ are around 4% various surveys
range from roughly 3 to 5% in most
surveys you do get occasionally some
surveys that are higher than that one
interesting thing about those surveys is
among younger people it's always
substantially higher so for instance in
in the Gallup survey if you're under age
30 it's well over 6% identifying as LGBT
but if you're over 30 it's under 4% so I
suspect it in the fairly near future
those numbers are going to continue to
go up but if you use these other
measures like sexual behavior or sexual
or your attractions to either people of
similar gender to you or different
gender to you you get much higher
numbers if you ask people they've ever
had a same-sex sexual encounter you
usually get numbers in 8 to 9 percent
range and if you ask if they have any
kind of attractions that are beyond
different sex attractions so any sort of
same-sex attractions you often get
numbers well over 10 percent and do you
think those numbers are going to change
over time I mean obviously aliens
beretti in surveys we don't have a lot
of older surveys that ask these kinds of
questions but certainly if we look at
some surveys from the early 90s sexual
orientation identity so identifying at
that point it was usually just lesbian
gay or bisexual it was only in about the
two percent range so it's more than
in the last 10 years are there any
racial socio-economic religious
correlations to be found in the identity
data well yes I think one of the
interesting things I think there's a
stereotype for instance that around
racial race and ethnicity that racial
and ethnic minorities would be kind of
less likely to identify as LGBT because
of more socially conservative
environments in some cases more broad
social stigma so perhaps of an
unwillingness to kind of add to my
stigmatization by identifying as LGBT
but in fact the recent Gallup data which
is the largest sample of LGBT people way
out as far as I know in the world from a
population-based sampling most racial
and ethnic minorities have higher
proportions identifying as LGBT right
now and it turns out that the reason for
that is is that younger people are much
more likely to self identify as LGBT
than older people and racial ethnic
minorities in this country are younger
than young people yeah it's going in
that direction that skew in the age it
actually explains quite a bit of the
difference in the identity patterns and
so but overall it's no longer accurate
in the United States to say that there
are big differences in identity by race
and ethnicity we see prevalence to be
very similar across racial ethnic
categories to those same kind of
attitudes play out over the same-sex
marriage argument as well or the same
sex marriage discussion rather well
certainly yes so they attract again
communities that are more supportive of
marriage equality tend to have higher
percentages of LGBT you know people
identifying as LGBT so if you look at
percent LGBT among states the Northeast
and the West tend to have higher
proportions and I think it's not
surprising that those places are
so then places that have more supportive
laws like marriage equality right and I
think those two things go hand in hand
you in order to pass supported laws
around Almaty
you have to have a fairly visible
already a fairly visible and active
LGBTQ community to promote good luck and
you mentioned states in the west and the
north and northwest
what states have the largest collections
of people who identify as LGBTQ and why
would why why would that be well you
know it again there's you guys as large
as a number or largest percentage right
artists number are basically just states
with a lot of people's right you know
California Texas New York those states
can have the largest number in the same
thing when we will hit cities but if we
look at percentages again the places
with the highest percentages tend to be
the states you would expect so New
England states and the west coast
California Oregon Washington in general
those are the places that have the
highest proportions of LGBT people and
if you look at that for instance Gallup
recently did some analyses of
metropolitan areas again that not
surprising San Francisco was ranked
highly but I think one of the
interesting things to know from that was
that Salt Lake City made the top ten
yeah metro areas and and that goes back
to a comment I made earlier about this
relationship between laws and supportive
laws and LGBT visibility I suspected
that LGBT visibility was changing even
in conservative places like Utah and
certainly in Salt Lake City and you see
that they're the first state in I think
it's seven years to pass a broad-based
anti-discrimination law that included
sexual orientation gender identity and I
think those two statistics aren't are
highly related I think that the reason
that happened was that the visibility in
places like Salt Lake City got large
enough that they could really make the
case
for those laws and it and as I said it
showed up in in the Gallup Baker's do
you think that's kind of a chicken and
egg situation where is it that the
population is there and therefore
fosters a law or is it that the law can
then foster or opening for that law of
fosters and increase in population
it's absolutely both that some
underlying social acceptance that allows
LGBT people to be more visible certainly
helps in the beginnings of getting
better laws but once laws of passage
certainly we have evidence at the
Williams Institute we've done some
studies showing that after marriage
equality is passed in a state even if
it's done through a judicial you know a
court ruling that support for marriage
for same-sex couples goes up no state
and that probably then increases the
visibility is same-sex couples in the
state and you know probably LGBT people
more generally as well so the two
factors go in again and you're exactly
right it's a it's definitely a chicken
and egg situation a huge thanks to dr.
Gary gates from UCLA's Williams
Institute for joining us today with most
of the country having already legalized
same-sex marriage the upcoming Supreme
Court ruling seems like a foregone
conclusion but how that will change the
face of the LGBT population and how
global perceptions will shift even
further is yet to be seen if you'd like
to learn about more awesome research
coming out of UCLA check out this video
about how our DNA may have a big effect
on our relationships some couples are in
these relationships that are very
emotionally difficult a lot of anger and
sadness and contempt and the marriages
just get really miserable thanks for
watching don't forget to subscribe
you
