the International Whaling Commission has
established a worldwide moratorium on
commercial whaling since 1986 yet
several members of the IWC including
Japan continue this practice so is Japan
illegally hunting whales well in 1925
the League of Nations decided that
whales were being overexploited due to
the demand in World War one for whale
oil and munitions and waterproofing
today the International Whaling
Commission is the biggest government
overseer of global whaling practices and
they have over 80 Member States in the
1960s 66,000 reels were killed in one
year alone today after decades of
hunting 7 out of 13 Great Wheel species
are considered endangered or vulnerable
wasn't until 1986 that a moratorium was
established to protect the dwindling
whale population two Nordic countries
objected to the moratorium and continued
to hide commercially others continued
thanks to various loopholes for example
Native Alaskans could still kill whales
for consumption under the aboriginal
sustenance clause and Japan until 2014
claimed an exemption for scientific
research however Japan's scientific
exemption has been scrutinized under
accusations that they've been selling
whale meat commercially in 2014 a United
Nations court ordered Japan to
immediately stop hunting whales in the
Antarctic region however they continued
to hunt in other parts of the world the
Japanese government has noted that
whaling has long been a part of their
culture an acknowledge that they would
likely continue despite the controversy
in 1976 Japan's Minister of Agriculture
said we asked that the flame of the
whaling industry will not be put out and
that you do your best to secure Japan's
food supplies Japan relies on stockpiled
whale meat to make up their emergency
food supply quota and they say that the
species they most often hunt the minke
is not endangered Japan's scientific
researchers also allege that they make
key discoveries about the changing
marine ecosystem through tests on
deceased whales Japanese researchers are
currently petitioning the UN and the IWC
to withdraw their new restrictions
although it seems to pay and while
continued whaling practices continued
pressure from anti-whaling groups and
other pol
kitchens has led to an overall lower
hunting rate than in the past and as
public awareness about marine wildlife
endangerment increases worldwide we are
slowly making a comeback
despite this hunting to learn about
three of these resilient animals check
out this interesting video from dnews
but a new study in trends in ecology and
evolution found some endangered species
could be delisted though for good
reasons there's a link in the
description to watch that full video
thanks for watching test-tube
