India is in the midst of a record heat
wave that so far has killed over 2,000
people temperatures have reached as high
as a hundred and ten degrees Fahrenheit
in the southeastern states every year
Global death tolls from excessive heat
can reach the tens of thousands in 2003
during the European heat wave more than
70 thousand heat related deaths were
recorded so we wanted to know what other
countries regularly have dangerously
high temperatures what are the hottest
countries in the world
well according to the World Bank between
1990 and 2009 only a few countries
reached in an average peak temperature
above 95 degrees Fahrenheit or 35
degrees Celsius those countries included
Pakistan Iraq Saudi Arabia Mali
Mauritania and India in countries like
Algeria and Kuwait the temperature
reached a peak average of almost a
hundred degrees Fahrenheit which can put
people who are continuously exposed to
the Sun at risk for severe dehydration
and heat stroke governments encourage
citizens to stay indoors during the
hottest parts of the day and to drink
fluids these nations contain significant
expanses of arid hot desert in the vast
Sahara Desert Libyan desert and Nubian
deserts the daytime temperatures can
remain above 80 degrees Fahrenheit
year-round the Mojave Desert in
California currently holds the title for
highest recorded temperature in 1913 it
reached a hundred and thirty-four
degrees Fahrenheit how do these hot
countries cope in Qatar in response to
recent high temperatures public
bulletins were sent out advising people
to use the buddy system whenever they
left the house in case someone fainted
from the heat lightweight light-colored
and loose-fitting clothing are highly
recommended in Australia after record
temperatures in 2013 the government
implemented a heat wave forecast system
for the hottest stays advanced planning
can be crucial because electricity
demand on hot days is high crops and
livestock can also be affected by the
heat right now in India the government
is urging everyone who goes outside to
wear a hat
or use an umbrella and to stay hydrated
the last decade has been the hottest on
record for the world and in 2010 global
temperatures shot up higher than ever
breaking many previous records one
Pakistani city reached a peak
temperature of a hundred and
twenty-eight degrees Fahrenheit the
effects of global warming are readily
apparent all over the world however even
as world leaders begin to curb some
carbon emissions the plague of extreme
heat waves may last for several decades
to come
if you want to get a wider perspective
of how heat can affect people take a
look at my video from seeker about the
largest heat wave in history or the one
below from dnews about just exactly how
heat can be fatal to humans thanks as
always for watching we'll see you
tomorrow and please subscribe
