Alexander the Great is hailed as one of
the most successful military leaders in
history unifying a vast expanse of land
from Greece to Egypt in India he was
born in 356 BCE in the kingdom of
macedon but today that region is
disputed the Republic of Macedonia and
the region of Macedonia in Greece have
been fighting about the true borders of
the Macedonian region and where
Alexander the Great was born for decades
so what's the deal here
why do Macedonia and Greece hate each
other well first let's clear up the
obvious confusion here there are two
places that identify themselves as
Macedonian one is just a region of
Greece and one is an actual country with
the official name the Republic of
Macedonia these two places share a
similar historical affiliation with the
ancient kingdom of macedon where
Alexander the Great was born people who
affiliate themselves with Macedonian
culture in both the region and the
Republic have their own unique language
and traditions many of you the state
border between Greece and the Republic
of Macedonia as an illegal partition of
their people on the other hand Greece
and other nations refused to acknowledge
an independent Macedonian identity they
claim that what is Macedonian is
actually Greek or Albanian or Bulgarian
depending on the country Greeks have
viewed Macedonia as part of their empire
for a long time and much of their
history is interrelated after the Balkan
Wars in 1913 Greece officially acquired
the entire Macedonian region but they
lost part of their territory during the
world wars to what later became
Yugoslavia the lost territory was known
as the Republic of Macedonia today the
politically stronger Greece has barred
the poorer country of Macedonia from
joining organizations like the EU and
NATO mostly over the name dispute in
fact Greece is the reason the country
must internationally call itself the
Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
according to Greek officials using the
name Macedonia for another country
implies territorial ambitions toward
Greece's own northern province of
Macedonia Greece also has a history of
repressing Macedonian
culture or denying that it exists in
order to better unify their own nation
even now the Macedonian language is not
permitted in Greek media education or
public life there it's considered a
Greek dialect instead of a separate Slav
language but Macedonia has been pushing
back against Greek dominance in the
early 2000s they challenged Greece's
claim on Alexander the Great by renaming
their Airport in his honor and erecting
a huge statue of him in their capital
they also sued Greece in 2008 for
disallowing them to access NATO they won
their lawsuit but tensions have not
improved between the two countries other
nations like Bulgaria Serbia Albania and
Kosovo
also have trouble accepting Macedonians
as a separate ethnicity this is
partially why the Balkan Peninsula
remains a politically volatile area to
this day
Greece's relationship with Turkey is
another complicated one marred with
history and ethnic conflict to learn
about how this plays out on the island
of Cyprus check out our video here the
Cyprus was populated mainly by Greeks
but around 1570 the Ottoman Empire which
later became Turkey conquered the island
and many Turks migrated there in the
late 19th century about three-quarters
of Cypriots were ethnically Greek while
just a quarter or ethnically Turkish
thank you for watching test-tube don't
forget to subscribe so that you get all
our videos every day
