the collective ability of a population
to vote for how they want their society
to be run is basically the definition of
a democracy but the United States isn't
a democracy not really it's actually a
federal presidential constitutional
republic where individual votes actually
hold different amounts of power based on
where they're located and in some cases
may not be worth anything at all so does
your vote actually matter well it
depends first of all the biggest
question is what are you voting for in
the presidential election you might
think you're voting for president but
you aren't instead Election Day is more
like a big opinion poll of the American
people which is then sometimes used by
an entirely different group of people to
choose the president and those voters
are the ones that matter
the basic way the Electoral College
works is that every state gets a certain
number of electors based on that state's
number of representatives in Congress
which is generally pegged to its
population within all but two states
whichever candidate wins the popular
vote receives all the state's electoral
votes but although some states have laws
that say electors are required to vote
the way the public tells them to there
is no federal law that requires it an
elector who votes against the popular
vote is called faithless and in the
history of United States elections
faithless electors have voted against
the public choice 157 times since the
electoral college is technically based
on population which varies year to year
each electoral vote holds different
amounts of power in a state like
California with nearly 40 million
residents and 55 electoral votes each
electoral vote can be set to represent
roughly seven hundred and twenty-five
thousand voters however in Wyoming with
a total population of 586 thousand and
three electoral votes each vote
represents nearly 200 thousand voters
that means one voter in Wyoming is worth
three and a half times the California
voter this system is problematic as they
can lead to elections where most of the
country votes for one candidate but the
other candidate wins by electoral votes
that's a situation that has occurred
four times in the last 57 election
that basically means that on average
every 56 years we can expect the loser
to become president which last happened
in the year 2000 but don't get too
discouraged because your vote does count
in other ways every single state has
dozens of important propositions and
state government proposals congressional
and local elections and other public
matters the 2016 election has seen
issues like marijuana legalization and
the death penalty where the only vote
that matters
is that of state residents the u.s.
election process is imperfect and in
some ways arguably undemocratic but if
you don't like the current system and
want to change it the local level is the
only place to get started
fix the voting problem by voting of
course for a lot of people this isn't as
easy as it sounds polling places are
known to have long lines forcing people
to wait hours just to cast a vote that
as it turns out may not even count so
why can't Americans just vote online
check out this video from dnews fraud
online often starts with pulling your
name credit card info and other personal
information and one way they do this is
with malware one of the most famous
recent cases comes from the malware
named Zeus the program is designed to
wait until you connect with your bank
and then use those credentials to
transfer money out of your account does
it matter if you have a secure
connection because the malware is
already inside the computer huh thanks
for watching seeker daily don't forget
to Like and subscribe for new videos
every day
you
