as the presidential candidates keep
rolling in we wanted to take a look at
the bass guitar playing Southern Baptist
minister former Fox News host and
governor of Arkansas Mike Huckabee most
people probably remember Huckabee as one
of the 2008 Republican candidates who
lost out in the primaries to John McCain
but as he gears up for round two let's
check out where he stands on some more
controversial issues
Huckabee's positions are pretty much in
line with traditional conservatives he's
anti-abortion including in cases of rape
and incest and supports the repeal of
Roe vs. Wade
however he does make exceptions for when
a mother's life is in danger
he is also against gay marriage gay
adoption and even same-sex civil unions
in 1997 Huckabee signed a law banning
same-sex marriages in Arkansas although
by 2014 that law was ruled
unconstitutional
he has also called homosexuality a
learned behavior comparing it to an
extramarital affair and has campaigned
to give the death penalty to those who
knowingly spread HIV Huckabee also
supports teaching creationism alongside
evolution and increasing defense
spending from about 4% of our GDP to 6%
Huckabee is also staunchly against
Obamacare gun control and immigration
reform his plan in 2008 was to force all
of the united states 12 million
undocumented immigrants to self register
with the government and then leave the
country Huckabee's tenure as governor of
Arkansas from 1996 to 2007 has widely
been praised following his quick
response to Hurricane Katrina in 2005 he
was called one of the best governors in
the country by the press overall
Huckabee has a strong network of
supporters and as a Southern Baptist
minister is the most likely to appeal to
religious conservatives some of his most
prolific donors are Walmart investment
bankers a televangelist Network and a
number of members within the US military
and government however his views on
political hot-button issues like
abortion and gay rights may put him at
odds with more moderate and left-leaning
voters on the other side of the aisle
one of the Democratic candidates who is
gaining a lot of attention is the
socialist senator from Vermont Bernie
Sanders learned all about him in our
video here despite being the longest
standing independent and
many people had never heard of this far
left candidate so we wanted to know who
is Bernie Sanders and don't forget to
subscribe so you don't miss our next
video
