on April 26th 1986 the world's worst
nuclear accident occurred at the
Chernobyl nuclear power plant in Ukraine
the explosion spread radiation
throughout the area releasing 400 times
more than the atomic bombing of
Hiroshima in the months and years
following the accident hundreds of
thousands of people were evacuated from
their homes some unable to ever return
so what happened at Chernobyl and how
bad is it now on the day of the accident
nuclear operators were in the middle of
performing safety tests when one of the
reactors suffered a power spike this set
off a chain reaction of explosions and
caused the reactor to rupture and catch
fire the explosion sent radioactive
fallout into the atmosphere
contaminating Belarus and much of the
western Soviet Union and Europe more
than 350,000 people were forced to
evacuate and resettle the accident
directly killed 31 people through fatal
radiation doses or physical injury in
the years since the accident the United
Nations has attributed about 6,000 cases
of thyroid cancer in the surrounding
areas to the disaster however some
sources have placed the number of dead
at nearly a million part of the
controversy surrounding the accident
stems from the delayed response and
intentional cover-up of subsequent
health issues the Soviet Union
government directed doctors to miss
categorize cases of acute radiation
poisoning as an unrelated medical
condition in order to lower the
perceived effects of the disaster later
the government claimed that a radiation
exposure limit 350 times the modern US
standard was safe in order to repopulate
contaminated areas after the accident
the damaged reactor was encased in a
giant concrete sarcophagus to prevent
more radioactive spread and it is
intended to be replaced with a more
robust shelter in 2017 the overall
cleanup effort required about half a
million workers a number of whom were
unaware of the severity of radiation and
have since suffered from poor health or
died today the Chernobyl power plant is
surrounded by an 18-mile exclusion zone
covering about 1,000 square miles the
area is essentially an abandoned ghost
town and visitors are prohibited from
entering
however roughly 200 elderly residents
who have refused to leave still live
near the radioactive site along with a
number of illegal squatters an
interesting side effect of the ban on
people is that the exclusionary zone has
become one of the world's largest
wildlife preserves in the decades since
the accident the damage to both the
environment and people's health has been
incalculable and the cleanup efforts are
still in progress today however much of
what we know about dealing with nuclear
disasters comes from Chernobyl the
knowledge has saved countless lives in
terms of improved safety precautions and
responding to other disasters like
Fukushima in 2011 nuclear energy has its
dangers but nuclear weapons are far more
terrifying to find out which countries
have nuclear weapons in their arsenal
check out our video here or if you're
curious about how uranium becomes
nuclear fuel I broke it down over on
dnews and that video is here thanks for
watching test-tube now is your chance to
hit that subscribe button and get all of
our videos every day
