in April 2015 two Americans were killed
by a US drone strike in Pakistan and
although both may have been affiliated
with the terrorist group al-qaeda their
deaths highlight ongoing legal questions
regarding the use of drones as weapons
so what is the controversy surrounding
drones well first of all drones are
unmanned flying machines usually
controlled by remote pilots they can be
as small as a hummingbird or as large as
a Boeing 757 plane during the 21st
century the United States has been
weaponizing these machines and
increasingly using them in military
airstrikes drones have prompted
criticism from the United Nations and
others over the ethical implications of
their use some argue that drone pilots
can end up with a PlayStation mentality
and become disassociated from the
casualties others worry that drones make
it too easy to enter into warfare by
eliminating the need for troops on the
ground there's also the fear that as
fully autonomous or smart drones are
developed they will run the risk of
attacking both civilians and soldiers
indiscriminately also government
oversight of drone warfare is minimal
official US records of the casualties
caused by drones remain secret from the
public on the grounds of national
security
however independent research groups have
suggested that since 2004 around 4,000
people have been killed by drones in
countries like Pakistan and Yemen
reportedly hundreds of drone attack
casualties have been civilians so what's
the upside to drone warfare
well the main benefit is that fewer
American lives are put at risk some
reports also suggest that drones are
more precise than conventional weapons
and kill fewer innocent bystanders and
they're cheaper to produce as well a
recent Associated Press poll found that
a majority of Americans support the use
of drones to target suspected terrorists
and in the same poll almost
three-quarters of respondents also
deemed drone strikes acceptable when
they killed Americans who had joined
terrorist organizations
president Obama has defended drone
strikes calling them effective and vital
for national
however in the past few years the United
Nations has demanded increased
transparency from the US when it comes
to drone warfare so far the United
States has mostly ignored critics
although in 2013 President Obama did
pledge to increase oversight of military
drones and use stricter targeting rules
if you're interested in diving deeper
into the world of drones make sure you
check out these two videos the top one
is from seeker investigating how drones
are being used for good and the bottom
is a look at recent developments in
drone technology from dnews there are
links for both in the description below
thanks for watching
