market regulators are accusing a British
national of almost single-handedly
causing a flash crash to American stock
markets in 2010 during the incident the
Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped
about six percent and lost more than a
trillion dollars in mere minutes
fortunately stocks rebounded relatively
fast after the shock but we wanted to
know what does it take to crash a stock
market well there have been countless
financial crashes throughout history
they even go back to the 1600s when
modern stock exchanges were first
evolving among the trade economies of
Europe a crash represents a steep sudden
decline in the value of the market
prices and it can often lead to an
economic depression the most devastating
crashes are usually the result of an
overinflated market also known as a
bubble investment bubbles occur when
prices of market shares are driven
upwards past their real value according
to some market theorists a bubble is
encouraged by a herd mentality where
people first jump on the bandwagon of a
profitable stock and then when the
bubble bursts they engage in panic
selling the most famous example of this
was during the 1929 American stock
market crash before then post-world war
1 America experienced an economic boon
optimism in the economy inspired many to
take on risky loans and invest in stocks
but when the economy slowed down people
began to sow their shares at first
slowly and then in droves market prices
went into freefall and there were no
failsafe rules to stop the inevitable
crash stock markets can also be spooked
into a decline or crash following
catastrophic events for example San
Francisco's massive 1906 earthquake is
thought to have played an integral role
in the financial panic of 1907 during
that time the market sank to about 50
percent of the previous year's valuation
additionally in 2001 after the September
11th terrorist attacks the stock markets
were closed for almost a week in the
first 5 days back the markets faced a
loss of about 1.4 trillion dollars the
digital era has also introduced new
threats to the stock market in the form
of high-frequency trading
hft is when thousands
trades are carried out by computers in
fractions of a second the swiftness of
computer programs at buying and selling
puts traditional traders at a
disadvantage also the use of hft creates
a lot of potential volatility in the
stock market computer programs that are
designed to automatically respond to
price points can trigger mass selling
before anyone can notice this
contributed to the 2010 flash crash
after a large enough downtick in stocks
caused many hft programs to further
withdraw leading to a drastic crash
after that particular event government
regulators imposed new laws called
circuit breakers that temporarily pause
trading if a stock Falls 10% or more
within a 5 minute period these
safeguards give traders breathing room
to re-examine their options instead of
panicking and selling everything before
the stock bottoms out the Securities and
Exchange Commission works hard to
regulate the wild swings of the stock
market but for the modern era stock
markets remain more volatile and
susceptible to crashes than anyone might
ever think investing is a pretty risky
thing to do but sometimes big risks can
have even bigger rewards to learn why
Africa is such a hot spot for foreign
investment right now check out our video
here is Africa a poor war-torn continent
with huge problems like disease or is it
the next boom town for savvy business
people don't forget to subscribe and
thanks as always for hanging out with us
here on test-tube
