as far as criminals go none are more
romanticized in the pillaging plundering
swashbuckling pirate but despite their
dreamy representations in movies piracy
is an extremely disruptive practice
resulting in the loss of innocent human
lives and tons of money in recent years
piracy has seen a resurgence in
countries like war-torn Somalia
worldwide 140 hostages have been taken
by pirates in just the first three
months of 2015 so we wanted to know how
dangerous are pirates while piracy or
armed robbery at sea has been around
ever since we started using ships for
trade the earliest records describe
pirates in the ancient Mediterranean Sea
around 14th century BC however the real
Golden Age of piracy the one we most
associate with Buccaneers walking the
plank and eye patches was during the
17th and 18th centuries this was largely
because country started giving out
letters of marque these authorized
pirates also called privateers to act on
behalf of governments to attack merchant
vessels of other governments thereby
expanding a country's Navy through
private hire however by the mid 19th
century piracy was so rampant that 55
nations signed the Paris declaration
abolishing the practice after the end of
the Cold War an opportunity for piracy
emerged as the world's Navy shrunk and
international shipping trade increased
around this time Somalia's government
and economy collapsed and ex fishermen
began raiding nearby ships for private
gain the area is particularly affected
include the Red Sea the Gulf of Aden the
Gulf of Oman and the Indian Ocean modern
pirates usually use small boats on both
guns and rocket-propelled grenades
however most pirates focus more on
ransoming a crew as depicted in the 2013
film captain Phillips more often than
not the cargo being shipped is not
stolen and hostages are rarely killed
since 1995 there have been more than
6,000 pirate attacks at their peak in
2011 pirates cost the international
community nearly seven billion dollars
and received 160 million dollars in
ransoms however those numbers quickly
collapsed with not a single vessel
hijacked in 2013
the dropp'd attacks has been attributed
to a number of task forces deployed
worldwide to fight Somali pirates along
with the increased use of security teams
by shipping companies and a push toward
jailing and prosecuting currently more
than 1,400 pirates are in prisons around
the world
so how dangerous are pirates well while
the biggest hit from piracy is
undoubtedly financial pirates are still
pretty violent and anyone armed with a
rocket-propelled grenade launcher is
definitely dangerous
but as tactics change and rates of
piracy fall the danger of being attacked
by pirates has been steadily decreasing
and as Somalia regains some stability
Pio and fewer Somalis are turning to
piracy Somalia faces a much more
frightening enemy on dry land in
al-shabaab one of the most violent
terrorist groups in the world to learn
more about this group check out our
video here for the last several years
the US and other supporting governments
have targeted al-shabaab with Kenya
recently launching air raids against the
group spaces so where exactly did
al-shabaab come from and how strong are
they now thanks for watching test-tube
please subscribe for more
