the Muslim Brotherhood is one of the
largest Muslim groups in the world but
their religious social and political
goals have not always been a welcome
presence in Egypt
most recently the deposed Egyptian
president and a member of the
Brotherhood Mohamed Morsi was sentenced
to 20 years in prison in what has been
called a sham trial by Amnesty
International here's a timeline of the
Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt March 1928
Hassan al-banna founds the Muslim
Brotherhood to promote Islam within the
lower-class communities and it stands
his opposition to British colonial rule
in Egypt a member of the Muslim
Brotherhood is accused of assassinating
the Egyptian Prime Minister several
months later the Brotherhood's founder
is allegedly killed by government agents
Egyptian President Gamal Abdel Nasser
outlaws the Brotherhood after an
assassination attempt and their members
go into hiding a number are arrested and
executed President Anwar Sadat succeeds
nasarah and his tolerant of the
Brotherhood although the group remains
outlawed after Sadat is assassinated by
Islamic extremists his successor Hosni
Mubarak
cracks down on the group and denies them
the ability to form an opposing
political party Mubarak is deposed
following the Egyptian revolution and
the Brotherhood forms the Freedom and
Justice Party to run for office on June
30th of 2012 Mohamed Morsi of the
Brotherhood wins the presidency and
grants himself unlimited legislative and
judicial power following army-backed
protests Morsi is arrested and removed
from office the following month the
Brotherhood's supreme guide Mohammed ba
da is also arrested the Brotherhood and
their Freedom and Justice Party are
banned and their assets are seized they
are declared a terrorist group by the
interim government Morsi is sentenced to
20 years in prison for arresting and
torturing protesters outside the
presidential palace in 2012 Egypt's
crackdown on the Muslim Brotherhood has
been poorly received with even the White
House dismissing allegations that the
Brotherhood is a terrorist group the ban
has raised fears of retaliation by
members which may lead to a sort of
self-fulfilling
prophecy Egypt is struggling with a lot
more than internal politics to learn why
they are destroying an entire city that
borders the Gaza Strip check out this
video from seeker thanks for watching
test-tube and please don't forget to
subscribe for more videos
