a recent cellphone video is surfaced
showing a police officer in South
Carolina gunning down an unarmed man and
allegedly planting evidence but without
this footage we might never know what
really happened because the cops version
of the event was very different
clearly filming the police has become a
crucial tool in resolving disputed
interactions but most people don't know
their rights regarding the photography
or the filming of police so is it legal
to record them well in all 50 states and
is perfectly legal to videotape police
the Department of Justice along with
several US courts of appeals has upheld
that the First Amendment protects the
right of citizens to gather information
about public officials on public
property but there's some fine print ask
yourself these questions before you pull
out your camera are you in a public
place if you are great it's legal but if
you're on private property the property
owner sets the rules if they ask you to
stop filming and if you don't comply
they can have you arrested for
trespassing do the police know you're
filming them if they don't it could be
illegal in 11 states including
California Washington and Massachusetts
both parties the recorder and the
recorded must at least be aware that
their voice is on tape as a part of the
two-party consent law legal experts
advise that those filming to hold their
cameras out in front of them lastly are
you interfering with police duties by
recording them this is one of the hazy
er areas of the current law because what
exactly constitutes interfering with
police duties whether you're breaking
the law or not it's currently Upper
interpretation by the police but because
more and more by standards are filming
videos of police action lately
legal experts expect this issue to be in
the hands of the Supreme Court within
the next 5 years unfortunately police
officers sometimes don't know or choose
to ignore a person's right to film them
and we should make it clear that in the
heat of the moment challenging a police
officers Authority is not always the
smartest idea however exercising your
First Amendment right to film the police
is important for the transparency and
trustworthiness of a community in the
case of Walter Scott the video helped
exonerate him and bring charges against
his killer it's important to know your
rights and the legality of recording the
police because in the end
it can mean the difference between guilt
and innocence want to know more about
the American police force that protects
you check out our video exploring the
use and necessity of police body cameras
but is there any evidence of this
working in real life and are there
equally valid arguments against it
thanks for watching test-tube and please
subscribe we release two new videos
seven days a week
