north Korea has almost three million
people at risk for starvation yet while
they live in poverty their supreme
leader Kim jong-un reportedly spent more
than half a billion dollars on yachts
parties booze and food in 2012 despite
this he seems to be revered by his
subjects so let's take a look at Kim
jong-un and the public perception of him
in North Korea many details of Kim's
early life are virtually unknown we
don't even know his real age although
it's been said to be around 31 Kim
jong-un is the third and youngest son of
Kim jong-il the former leader of North
Korea in 2011 when the elder Kim died
the role of supreme leader went to Kim
jong-un instead of his older brothers
who were at odds with the regime's
expectations one was reportedly caught
in Japan trying to visit a theme park
and it was rumoured that the other was
considered effeminate as a leader Kim
jong-un has mimicked the cult of
personality surrounding his father and
grandfathers rule this regimes style
used by other politicians like Joseph
Stalin and Mao Zedong encourages and
mandates positive views towards the
state dictator so that public obsession
with the monarch resembles a cult
following although Kim jong-un has been
considered an inexperienced leader the
cult of personality surrounding the Kim
family has kept him a revered figure in
North Korea while generally not accepted
by most of the world North Korean
propaganda regularly ascribes superhuman
qualities to the country's leaders
recently claims that Kim learned how to
drive when he was just three years old
have been made and he is generally
regarded as a god-like figure this kind
of information is constantly dictated
through state media and schools to the
general public
however the supposed adoration of the
supreme leader is considered to be
motivated by the fear of punishment
North Korea has a reputation for sending
those not totally subservient to the
state to hard labor prison camps along
with generations of their families the
threat of punishment is a powerful force
of compliance in North Koreans
government Kim jong-un's cult of
personality along with propaganda and
the country's international isolation
for
and strength and Kim's control even if
human rights violations abound in his
country's citizens of North Korea have
no choice but to embrace their Dear
Leader sometimes it seems like the
difference between North and South Korea
are almost too extreme to be real on our
news show seeker we take a look at the
overwhelming popularity of plastic
surgery in South Korea the question is
are these people succumbing to vanity or
are there larger societal forces at play
here that link is in the description so
definitely check it out and thanks for
watching test-tube
