for the past few centuries relations
between the United Kingdom and Argentina
have been pretty shaky the heart of
their dispute lies in a tiny archipelago
some 300 miles from the coast of
Argentina called the Falkland Islands
their struggle stems from the question
of who actually owns the islands so
what's the whole story why do the UK and
Argentina hate each other well the
history is a little complicated but
simply put the first person to actually
claim the islands was an English sailor
named John strong in 1690 while both
Spain and France made various claims on
the islands over the years the British
ultimately maintained their jurisdiction
Argentina didn't become part of the
equation until 1820 when an American
mercenary landed on the Falkland Islands
and declared them for what is now
Argentina about nine years later
Argentina gave the islands away as a
payment for a debt a move that prompted
the UK to send a ship in 1833 to
re-establish the British flag it was met
with little resistance as the Argentine
commander was heavily outnumbered for
nearly the next 150 years the British
controlled the islands while Argentina
continued to dispute their sovereignty
after increasing tensions between the
two countries as well as an economic
collapse and military regime change in
argentina the argentine military invaded
the Falkland Islands in 1982 they
assumed the British would not respond
with force they were wrong within weeks
the British mounted an assault to retake
the islands while most of the European
community back to the UK and imposed
sanctions on Argentina after three
months of intense fighting the British
re conquered the Falkland Islands and
expelled all Argentine forces from the
area in the years following the British
ramped up their military presence on the
islands granted all residents full
British citizenship and gave the islands
a full self-governance as a British
dependency but in 2006 Argentina began
claiming sovereignty again in an attempt
to secure fishing and petroleum rights
in 2009 Argentina made a territorial
claim to the UN concerning an area
including the Falklands which the UK
denied as being legitimate the following
year in 2010 Argentina demanded that any
ships that wanted to go to the Falkland
Islands would have to seek a permit from
the Argent
government both the British and the
Falklands government ignored this demand
finally in 2013 Falkland Islanders voted
in a referendum on whether the territory
would say British with nearly every
single Island resident voting to remain
a British territory it would seem that
the question of sovereignty was solved
but in response the Argentine government
said that the referendum had quote no
value since the population of the
islands was implanted by the British
despite some pretty good reasons as to
why the UK should hold dominion over the
Falkland Islands Argentina has argued
that because the islands are closer to
them in Britain Argentina should have
control over them this argument has been
widely called ridiculous to learn more
about tense relations between other
countries check out our playlist now
including this one on why Venezuela
hates the United States tensions between
the two countries stems from more than
just oil chavez and Maduro have also
blamed the u.s. for multiple failed
assassination and coup attempts over the
years in 2002 chavez told the BBC that
he had photographic evidence of the u.s.
involvement in a coup thank you for
watching please subscribe to test-tube
