anarchy the heart of the punk movement
in the 70s and 80s a driving force for
civil wars and violent revolutions a
concept held in esteem by activists like
Leo Tolstoy Noam Chomsky and Mahatma
Gandhi so what is anarchy very simply is
a state of being without any government
or authority the original concept of
anarchy was born alongside and in
response to the concepts of democracy
and other political systems but it
wasn't until later around the 18th and
19th centuries that modern anarchist
philosophy was fully developed in
Western countries following the French
Revolution anarchism gained prominence
as a political alternative to
theocracies or monarchies and as an
attempt to achieve total equality by
eliminating authoritarian roles however
as Noam Chomsky and other academics have
admitted it is somewhat of an
unrealistic utopian theory many forms of
modern Anarchy are political ideologies
that hold the government responsible for
the world's problems because there are
many forms of state control there are
many different forms of energy for
example an arc of feminism says that
hierarchies of the state lead to
patriarchy which leads to oppression
Green anarchism states that
environmental exploitation is a result
of capitalist government policy and
despite the violence commonly associated
with Anarchy anarcho pacifism holds that
it is the state that creates unnecessary
political violence and should therefore
be abolished in fact violence is not an
intrinsic part of modern anarchism as
many believe Tolstoy and Gandhi
specifically petitioned against all
forms of violence and Chomsky has said
that quote anarchy is not people running
around the streets breaking store
windows it's a conception of a very
organized society with as little control
as is feasible
while violence is still controversial II
used by some groups of anarchists in
order to destroy systems of government
many anarchists renounce a lot of people
would agree that anarchism is a good
idea in theory because it promotes both
freedom and egalitarianism however in
practice it would be difficult to
perfect as Chomsky explains anarchy is a
response to oppressive political
movements rather than
a standalone system of government
democracy is another theory that is
often more hard to understand than you
might think to learn more about what
democracy really looks like check out
our video here the concept of democracy
is simple fair and pretty much common
sense except when it's not thanks for
watching test-tube don't forget to
subscribe
