in April 2015 Somali terrorist group
al-shabaab shot and killed a hundred and
forty eight students at a Kenyan
University it's the worst terrorist
attack in Kenya since 1998 for the last
several years the US and other
supporting governments have targeted
al-shabaab with Kenya recently launching
air raids against the group spaces so
where exactly did al-shabaab come from
and how strong are they now
well back in 2006 the transitional
government of Somalia was in the middle
of a civil war against the rapidly
expanding Islamic Courts Union which
controlled much of southern Somalia
us-backed Ethiopian troops invaded
Somalia and eventually took back
Somalia's capital Mogadishu from the ICU
following the ICUs loss militant
hardliners split off and continued their
war against the invasive Ethiopian
military this Islamic insurgency is now
known as al-shabaab most notably they've
recruited a number of foreign jihadists
including at least 40 Muslim Americans
by 2009 they had retaken Mogadishu and
claimed responsibility for a number of
deadly bombings in particular targeting
Christians by mid 2011 though al-shabaab
forces fled Mogadishu and a task force
of Kenyan Somali and Ethiopian military
troops began a campaign to wipe out the
insurgent group in 2012 with between
7,000 and 9,000 members al-shabaab
pledged their allegiance to al-qaeda
however a number of sources including an
ex al Shabaab American recruit note that
unlike al Qaeda Al Shabaab ambitions lie
in dominating the region rather than
aligning themselves with an all-out
global jihad this split has led to a
weakened alliance and infighting in 2014
a joint military operation comprised of
the Somali and African Union forces as
well as the u.s. began launching
airstrikes and local attacks to reclaim
insurgent held territory over the past
few months
numerous al-shabaab leaders have been
killed most of southern Somalia has been
retaken and at least 700 militants have
defected to the Somali government some
have pointed to the recent attack in
Kenya as a sign of the group's
desperation and
unable to attack military targets
they've instead turned to killing
innocent civilians the Council on
Foreign Relations has said that
currently the group is at its weakest
point in years and as US Somali forces
continue their military campaign of
Shabaab is running out of places to hide
Boko Haram another violent jihadist
group is still causing extreme conflict
on the other side of the African
continent to learn how this group grew
from a small motorcycle gang check out
our video here the group was started by
Muhammad Youssef in 2002 with the
intention of creating a true Islamic
Society under Sharia law which is the
strictest most literal version of Islam
there were always a radical group but
not necessarily a dangerous one please
subscribe and thanks for watching
test-tube
