after decades of tense relations failed
talks and sanctions between the u.s. and
Iran the two countries have finally come
to a framework agreement on the topic of
Iran's nuclear proliferation so what's
in the nuclear deal well according to a
white house fact sheet first and
foremost Iran has agreed to limit its
uranium production materials to a third
of what they have today for at least 10
years they have also agreed to reduce
both the amount and quality of the
enriched uranium they produce as well as
a ban on building any new enrichment
facilities for the next 15 years
currently Iran's breakout timeline or
how long before they'd be able to build
a nuclear weapon is two to three months
the new deal would extend that timeline
to a year they also agreed to invasive
inspections by the International Atomic
Energy Agency which will have access to
all disclosed and undisclosed enrichment
facilities as well as their supply chain
and any uranium sources in return the
u.s. promises to offer sanctions relief
to Iran as well as lifting any UN
Security Council resolutions concerning
Iran's nuclear issue this does not
include anything about terrorism human
rights abuses and ballistic missiles and
even with all these impose changes Iran
will still be subject to nuclear
non-proliferation treaty guidelines
following its announcement President
Obama called the deal a historic
understanding with Iran however despite
the seemingly straightforward agreement
Obama warned Congress Republicans not to
try and undermine the administration's
efforts saying that the US would be
blamed for any diplomatic failures the
history of Iran's pursuit of nuclear
technology is long and complicated to
see the whole story take a look at our
full timeline here and please don't
forget to subscribe to test-tube to stay
on top of all the latest news from
around the world
