it's been a year since Russia annexed
Crimea from Ukraine although there are
still a lot of questions about the
Russian government's actions the big
picture is much clearer now that the
dust has settled let's take a look at
the timeline of events surrounding
Crimea's deceptive annexation violent
anti-government protests sparked the
Ukrainian revolution and the ousting of
President Viktor Yanukovych Russian
President Vladimir Putin holds a secret
meeting about extracting the deposed
Yanukovych and annexing Crimea from
Ukraine heavily armed pro-russian gunmen
occupy the Crimean Parliament and
allegedly forced the emergency in
statement of a new pro-russian prime
minister the new Crimean Prime Minister
takes control of Ukraine's security
forces and officially asked Russia to
provide assistance in assuring peace
Russia pledges the use of their armed
forces in Ukraine President Putin tells
reporters that the unidentified soldiers
occupying Crimean military bases are not
Russian and says that Russia will not
try to annex Crimea a planned referendum
to accede Crimea to Russia is condemned
by the Ukrainian government the US and
the EU Russia announces massive military
exercises along the Ukrainian border the
u.s. Department of State calls this an
intimidation attempt in the lead-up to
the referendum officials report that
95.5% of Crimean voters support joining
Russia in the referendum but many
residents abstain no international
observation of the vote is allowed the
Crimean Parliament officially joins the
Russian Federation US President Barack
Obama announces sanctions against
Russian and Ukrainian officials the g8
votes to oust Russia over the
unconstitutional referendum they become
the g7 additionally a hundred countries
support a UN resolution calling the
March 16th referendum illegal Russia
accidentally releases documents
suggesting the referendum vote may have
been falsified President Vladimir Putin
admits that despite originally denying
any involvement the invasion and
annexation of Crimea was planned all
along in the year since a number of
hard-hitting sanctions have been imposed
on Russia by the United States and their
international allies
prickling the russian economy in spite
of widespread condemnation Putin has
made no concessions regarding Crimea and
may have his eye on the rest of Ukraine
to learn more about the conflict between
Russia and Ukraine please watch our
video here thanks for watching test-tube
and please remember to subscribe for all
of our latest videos
