in October 2016 the United States
launched a volley of missiles at Houthi
rebels in Yemen after an attack on an
American warship
in international waters the u.s. claims
that this incident is isolated and that
it doesn't have any direct military
involvement in Yemen's Civil War however
many say that not only is the u.s.
involved but it's picked aside in what's
being called a proxy war so what exactly
is the u.s. doing in Yemen well in a
nutshell Yemen is split between two
groups on one side are the Houthis an
anti-government rebel group aligned with
the Shia branch of Islam they oppose the
active government which was established
without opposition after the 2011 Arab
Spring
this ultra conservative group is backed
by Iran which also aligns with the Shia
faith and would see greater power in the
Middle East if it was able to directly
or indirectly control Yemen on the other
side is the Hadi government which has
struggled to maintain power since the
Houthis enacted a coup d'etat in 2015
the Hadi government aligns with the
Sunni faith and for many of the same
reasons Saudi Arabia as well as several
allied Gulf states support them in short
Iran and Saudi Arabia are fighting a
proxy war on the basis of power in the
region and religious affiliation the
United States is far from neutral in the
conflict with Saudi Arabia as a major
although questionable ally the US has
provided significant support to the Hadi
government and Saudi military since
early in the conflict in the form of
weapons supplies financial aid and
logistics the US has performed its own
airstrikes against al Qaeda operatives
in the country as well as flown unmanned
drones for surveillance and to stake out
air strike targets on behalf of Saudi
Arabia Saudi air strikes have hit
hospitals markets and residential
neighborhoods with more than 10,000
casualties from the war just within the
past two years Doctors Without Borders
has even been forced to withdraw from
some Yemeni hospitals despite the fact
that the US government claims to only be
providing enabling support Society
Arabia many don't see a distinction
between being a direct combatant or
providing military support to direct
combatants one of the most pressing
issues is that this is far from the
first time the US has unilaterally
entered conflicts without actually
declaring war in Libya Syria and in
recent years Iraq a similar bolstering
of friendly forces has led to extended
military operations by the US and these
actions are taken without any input from
either American citizens or call
ingress which is solely vested with the
responsibility to declare war according
to the Constitution this sort of
loophole participation where war is not
declared but military action is taken
anyway has largely changed the way the
US has become involved in conflict
around the world in Yemen and other
countries America is increasing its
engagement but without many of the
responsibilities or any accountability
necessary to wage war humanely if you're
like me and love history science and
exploration you should check out
discovery go where you can binge watch
all seasons current and past of your
favorite Discovery Channel shows check
out the link in the description below to
learn more
Yemen's Civil War has divided the Middle
East with Saudi Arabia and Iran both
holding a stake in the outcome to find
out more about how the conflict turned
into a proxy war check out our video
right here
although Saudi Arabia Yemen Iran and the
Houthi all belonged to specific Islamic
sects they can be more broadly
categorized to explain the conflict Iran
and the Houthi both identify with Shia
Islam while Saudi Arabia and the pre kuk
government of Yemen identify with Sunni
Islam thanks for watching seeker daily
don't forget to Like and subscribe for
more videos every day
