in a recent vice news interview
President Barack Obama blamed the
existence of Isis on the United States
invasion of Iraq in 2003 yet former
President George W Bush claimed that
terrorist groups around the world hate
us for our freedom so we want to know
does the u.s. create terrorists
well when comparing the 10-year periods
before and after the 2003 invasion of
Iraq the global terrorism database
reports that roughly 21,000 terrorist
incidents occurred between 1993 and 2003
in the years following the invasion that
number more than doubled so why are the
numbers increasing some conservative
sources have blamed a weak foreign
policy and political infighting for this
massive increase however one political
scientist has attributed 95 percent of
suicide attacks in recent years to
foreign occupation and a 2004 government
study concluded that the invasion is
quote paradoxically elevated the stature
of and support for radical Islamists a
former CIA interrogator wrote that the
number one recruitment tool used by
terrorist groups was knowledge of u.s.
torture at Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo a
government report supports the
accusation that torture policies damaged
the accuracy of any intelligence
collected and strengthened the hand of
our enemies additionally there is
evidence that drone strikes have also
led to an increase in anti-american
radicalism as it turns out this isn't a
new phenomenon back in the 1950s the CIA
coined the term blowback to describe the
unintended consequences of overthrowing
a middle-eastern regime today numerous
studies and comments from several
politicians have supported the idea that
the us-led intervention in the Middle
East is the primary motivation for
anti-american terrorism you probably
know that the u.s. is an incredibly
powerful country but what about its
weaknesses you can watch our video to
find out yes the United States is the
most powerful country but how
effectively can they wield that power
the answer is not to effectively for
starters the US government is largely
governed by an elaborate system of
checks and balances which is good for
maintaining stability but bad for
wielding power you can also see that
video with a link in the description
thank you for watching test-tube
please subscribe
