two years ago over 125,000 people
petitioned the White House to let Texas
secede from the United States while the
petition was unsuccessful it does bring
up the question could Texas make it on
its own how powerful is Texas well Texas
is the largest state in the contiguous
US with nearly 27 million residents that
means that about 1 in 12 Americans lives
in the Lone Star State Texas also
generates about 1.5 trillion dollars a
year which could put the hypothetical
nation of Texas right between Spain and
Australia as the world's 13th largest
economy this is largely because of their
abundant resources Texas has more farms
and ranches than any other US state and
massive oil reserves alone they produce
35% of the u.s. as crude oil so on paper
Texas has enough people land money and
oil to survive but what about an army
while Texas is home to more than 25
military bases including the only
nuclear weapons assembly plant in the US
they also have a bevy of lucrative
aerospace contracts we're not saying
that Texas would be able to maintain
this army prowess or even marshal up an
army but the culture and infrastructure
are already in place but despite all of
this Texas still has some huge problems
the Bureau of Labor reports that the
average workers median income is below
the national average they also have a
high poverty rate and worse income
inequality that much of the country and
more minimum wage workers than any other
state making up nearly 1/5 of all
minimum wage jobs in the u.s. poverty on
this level could lead to economic
collapse or social unrest a possibility
that grows even more real as you look at
some of the criticism directed at their
social policies the Center for American
Progress gave Texas and F on its
treatment of women citing wage
inequality limited access to
reproductive services and poor elderly
care Texas is also one of the few states
which restricts public office to those
who believe in a Supreme Being Texans
and their elected officials tend to vote
along a strict conservative line usually
against things like minority rights and
game
there is a chance that an independent
Texas wouldn't exactly be the land of
the free that proponents of secession
would promise in the end we can't know
whether or not Texas could make it on
its own but we do know that their role
in the US economy and defense is crucial
and that alone makes Texas one of the
most powerful regions on earth if you
enjoyed this video make sure you check
out my channel The Young Turks right up
top here we cover the news and
everything the internet is talking about
every single day for some stories about
other places in the world working
towards independence check out the video
below thanks for watching test-tube
don't forget to subscribe
