this episode is brought to you by aj+
last year the Pew Research Center
reported that the income gap in the
United States between the middle and
upper class was the largest on record
the wealth owned by just the top 0.1%
was equivalent to the wealth of the
bottom 90% many economic analysts and
politicians have lamented the decline of
the middle class and petition for its
growth so why does the middle class
matter well to begin with let's define
the middle class the term is so nebulous
that it seems to apply to almost
everyone the New York Times and the
American Enterprise Institute use the
income bracket between 35,000 to
$100,000 a year but a 2012 Pew study
reports that even people below and above
these boundaries consider themselves a
part of the middle class depending on
where they live and how many dependents
they have according to the US Census
Bureau's most recent data the nation's
median annual income is about $50,000
because there are so many that fall into
the middle class category they wield
significant political and economic power
politicians often make promises to the
middle class during election campaigns
in the president's 2015 State of the
Union address he made sweeping
commitments to the middle class pledging
tax cuts and more social programs he
vowed to close tax code loopholes for
corporations and the super-rich the
middle class has significant buying
power throughout America the financial
security of towns and cities depends on
local businesses which in turn depends
primarily on middle-class patronage
restaurants movie theaters shopping
malls these all depend on the customers
with disposable income and yet the
middle class is shrinking it's been in
decline since the 70s that was when the
post-world War two industries of Europe
and Asia caught back up with the United
States companies began outsourcing labor
to cheap foreign nations American
factories which once gave high-paying
jobs to workers with just a high school
education are all but extinct the
American automobile industry which
employed hundreds of thousands of
Americans 50 years ago was near
bankruptcy
in the late 2000s few reports that the
aggregate wealth claimed by the middle
class in 2010 was 45% while in 1970 was
62% the middle class is also a
critically important ladder of social
mobility the Pew Charitable Trusts a
public policy organization reports that
without the middle class the American
dream may be unattainable perhaps that's
why President Obama has been fighting
for social programs that protect the
middle and lower classes programs like
Medicare and free Community College
however with much of the American
political system composed of and
influenced by the wealthy elite the gap
between rich and poor is likely to
increase in the coming years want to
know just how rich the top 1% really are
check out this awesome visualization
from our friends at aj+ since 2008 the
wealthiest 1% of Americans got richer
they captured 95 percent of post
recession growth but the point one
percent they tower over the rest and are
worth around 20 million dollars each the
point 0 1 percent are giants worth about
a hundred million each it's at the top
no way further up of the Titans 1,645
billionaire's whose numbers have doubled
since 2008 thanks for watching test-tube
make sure to subscribe by clicking the
box below or the link in the description
