in December a Polish ex-president
admitted that Poland had hosted secret
interrogation prisons for the CIA in the
early 2000s such locations are commonly
called plac sites and are best known as
terrorists holding cells located in
countries without strict anti-torture
laws so what exactly is a black site
well in the week following 9/11
President George W Bush issued a
classified memo to the National Security
Council it allowed the CIA to set up
secret foreign prisons for purposes of
detainment and quote enhanced
interrogation five years later Bush
finally acknowledged the existence of
such sites and then in 2014 the Senate
Intelligence Committee released a report
investigating the torture methods
carried out by the CIA during the Bush
administration at least 53 countries
were involved in the CIA's torture
program and some of them like Thailand
Poland and Lithuania were hosts to black
sites one infamous black site was
located in Afghanistan and was known as
a salt pit or the dark prison the
torture report revealed that prisoners
were kept in total darkness at all times
given a bucket to use for waste and in
at least one case left in the cold cell
to freeze to death to learn more about
the torture report check out traces
explanation despite harsh and
potentially unlawful conditions in 2006
the Bush administration maintained that
the detention of illegal combatants in
foreign black sites is us is right under
the laws of war President Bush also
maintained in a historical soundbite I
want to be absolutely clear with our
people in the world the United States
does not torture considering the
recently released torture report it
would appear that this was not true in
2003 the CIA kidnapped German citizen
Khaled el-masri while he was on vacation
for the next four months a lodger was
interrogated beaten tortured and even
sodomized during his imprisonment in
Afghanistan salt pit eventually the CIA
realized that he was not the al-qaeda
suspect they were looking for and then
the National Security Advisor ordered
his release the ma zouri went on to sue
a number of government bodies he claimed
were responsible for his detainment all
US courts including the Supreme Court
refused to hear his case
in 2012 the European Court of Human
Rights found the CIA to be in violation
of international law and awarded
el-masri's
60,000 euros as compensation two years
later the u.s. acknowledged in the
torture report that al Masri was one of
the 26 people mistakenly detained
despite President Barack Obama's 2009
reversal on torture and unlawful
extradition black sites are reportedly
still in use around the world if you're
full of curiosity about the world you'll
be excited to hear that we've launched a
brand new Daily Show called seeker it's
all about finding the unique
perspectives and inspiring stories that
make us ask questions that really matter
take a look at this recent video I made
that questions if there are ever time
censorship can be a good thing the most
prominent example of this came in the
immediate aftermath of 9/11 when some
radio stations were refusing to play
certain songs click the link in the
description if you want to see more and
please don't forget to subscribe
