transgender soldier Chelsea Manning
recently won her case to receive hormone
therapy in a landmark ruling the u.s.
army approved Manning's treatment which
she will receive while serving time for
leaking government documents to
Wikileaks the motion could mean that the
military is finally changing its
policies towards transgender personnel
so where does the military stand on the
issue now in 2010 the law prohibiting
lesbians gay men and bisexuals from
serving in the military was repealed the
abolishment of the Don't Ask Don't Tell
law was a victory for the LGBT community
with one notable exception those who
identify as transgender within that
community to this day people who
identify as being transgender are banned
from serving in the US military
but unlike Don't Ask Don't Tell the ban
is not a congressional law it is simply
an outdated military medical code that
classifies being transgender as a
psychological disorder gender dysphoria
or not identifying with the gender you
were born with is now a recognized
medical condition critics urged the
Department of Defense to update the
medical code although recruiters
reportedly turned down transgender
applicants because of the code many
soldiers don't fully realize their
gender identity until they are enrolled
in service a UCLA report estimates there
are 15,000 active military personnel who
identify as transgender and despite a
handful of exceptions the majority of
these soldiers will be discharged from
service if they're found out according
to one public policy report there is no
compelling medical reason why
transgender people should be banned from
military service at all experts note
that unfairly discharging competent
transgender personnel is a waste of army
resources if far outweighs any medical
support he or she could possibly need so
what would it take to lift the
military's transgender ban well not much
the only thing that needs to be changed
is the military's medical code which is
not congressional law which was the case
with the repeal of Don't Ask Don't Tell
former Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel
has previously said that the military
should continually review its
transgender policy and a change might
come sooner than you think a memo
recently leaked from the Department of
Defense suggests that the military is at
least considering easing its policy on
discharging transgender soldiers
together with Chelsea Manning's ruling
the transgender community can remain
hopeful that the military will finally
accept
believe it or not discrimination against
LGBT people isn't just commonplace in
the US but it's legal to learn more
about the issue take a look at our video
here this protects employment
discrimination based on race color
religion sex or national origin however
it does not protect people based on
their sexual orientation something that
people have been trying to amend since
1975 and thank you for watching
test-tube please subscribe
