this episode is brought to you by aj+
President Mugabe of Zimbabwe is
currently blacklisted by the European
Union that he made waves in January 2015
when he was elected to chair the African
Union the position is largely ceremonial
but human rights groups aren't happy
with the appointment so what is the
African Union well it's like the EU but
for the continent of Africa it
originally began in 1963 as a slightly
different entity the organisation for
African Unity which primarily fought
colonialism from European countries like
the UK and Portugal the OAU is famous
for helping eradicate apartheid in South
Africa and mediating several border
disputes during the 60s but it was
revamped at the turn of the century to
focus more on promoting health democracy
education peace and human rights in 2002
the African Union was finally launched
there are 54 members representing every
nation except Morocco which opts out
because of a dispute with another AU
member the sorority rub Democratic
Republic every year national leaders
mean in Ethiopia to measure progress
towards their goals and discuss new
concerns this year has a theme of
women's empowerment and development
last year focused on agriculture and
food security as well as ending poverty
and Boko Haram violence the UN has been
working closely with the Union to combat
Boko Haram and the AU is carried out
peace missions in Darfur and Somalia the
AU is also planning a unified African
currency system for 2023 called the Afro
also in the works are human rights court
a bank system and more military strength
for the AU to help protect the whole of
Africa but the AU is still underfunded
in recent peace missions on behalf of
the organization have been hampered by
untrained ill-equipped au troops
epidemic and pandemic diseases also
challenged efforts to unify the area as
does mass poverty however at the African
Union's ultimate quest for peace and a
sort of peer review among the
democratically elected leaders at the
yearly summits they get one of the most
important political organizations for
progressive efforts in Africa and
worldwide some members of the African
Union have raised concerns that the
International Criminal Court has a bias
toward indicted African
leaders check out this video from aj+ to
learn more about the icc and their role
in the world it's based in the hague but
can be held anywhere else in the world
over 100 countries have agreed to
participate but the United States says
it won't hand over its citizens if they
are indicted thanks for watching don't
forget to subscribe for more test-tube
and your feed every day
