Edward Snowden is famous for sharing
classified government data via WikiLeaks
he's thought to have stolen millions of
digital documents and he is still
releasing them periodically here's a
timeline to help you understand what
Snowden did and where he is now
for 2013 Soudan holds various IT jobs at
the CIA and the NSA which gives him
access to sensitive data on May 20th
Snowden flies from Hawaii to Hong Kong
from June 5th through the 8th at
Snowden's behest the Guardian publishes
its first articles revealing top secret
programs like prism the US government
and President Obama in particular are
accused of unlawful international spying
Obama does damage control to defend the
actions June 9 2013
Snowden names himself as the
whistleblower in a recorded interview he
says my sole motive is to inform the
public from June 12th to the 21st more
classified documents are released the
leaks revealed that the US and the UK
were involved in secret surveillance
programs On June 21st the u.s. files
formal espionage charges against Snowden
and requests his extradition Snowden
boards a flight to Moscow and is rumored
to be headed towards Ecuador as a safe
haven however he is stuck in Russia
after the u.s. cancels his passport
Russian President Vladimir Putin refuses
to extradite him
a day later Obama decides not to pursue
Snowden in Russia Snowden applies for
asylum in multiple other countries un
secretary-general ban ki-moon says
Snowden misused his rights to access
digital data he joins a growing chorus
of people questioning whether Snowden's
actions really benefited the public good
russia grants Snowden temporary asylum
for a year so Snowden stays there Russia
renew Snowden's asylum request for three
years Snowden's leaks are still being
released every month or so
the latest document On February 20th
2015 details how the US and the UK stole
mobile data in 2010 from a franco-dutch
phone company to spy on people
internationally
what do you think about Snowden did he
make the u.s. better
or put it at risk let us know and thanks
for watching test-tube please subscribe
