Brazil is the fifth most populous
country on the planet and the most
influential power in Latin America but
the nation may just have lost sight of
becoming a serious global superpower due
to a recent downturn in their economy so
how powerful is Brazil well Raziel does
have the strongest military in South
America but on a global scale it ranks
behind Italy and Egypt and despite
Brazil being only slightly
geographically smaller than the US it
has less than a quarter of the troops
the US has the Armed Forces have around
500 tanks and over 1300 armored fighting
vehicles and recently the government
struck a 5.4 billion dollar deal with
Saab to equip them with 36 new fighter
jets that being said Brazil's armed
forces are currently not engaged in any
major military action aside from the
Brazil military leading UN peacekeeping
missions to Haiti and the Congo the
military's primary role has been state
security safeguarding a total of 8.5
million square kilometers of land and
4.4 million square kilometers of
territorial waters Brazil also operates
large-scale military operations to
protect the Amazon rainforest which
includes jungle defense forces on the
ground and an extensive surveillance
network to ensure its security but why
is Brazil so concerned about protecting
the Amazon well they want to protect
their resources the rainforest makes up
60% of Brazil in a recent survey around
50 percent of Brazilians believe that
foreign military forces larger than
Brazil's own are interested in invading
the country to exploit the Amazon
rainforest it may seem a bit paranoid to
some but Brazil has previously had huge
problems with illegal logging mining and
drug production within the forest
however Brazil has been its own worst
enemy when it comes to exploiting the
rainforest in the last 40 years close to
20% of the Amazon has been cleared for
agricultural land
Brazil's food production now rivals the
US but researchers predict that
deforestation will negatively impact
temperature and rainfall which will
eventually decrease Brazil's
agricultural productivity which is bad
news for a country on the cusp of an
economic crisis Brazil is the largest
national economy in South America and
the seventh largest in the world and up
until recently its agricultural output
coupled with the recent discovery of off
or oil reserves had experts wondering if
the nation was an emerging superpower
but falling prices on major commodities
like oil along with a prolonged drought
has hit their economy hard austerity
measures have already begun and even
Rios Carnivale budget was cut but while
Brazil may not be in a strong economic
position globally experts suggest that
it will continue to be the most powerful
country in South America to learn more
about the power of our nations check out
our playlist now including this one on
China one general of the Chinese Academy
of military science said in 2006 that
the gap between American and Chinese
forces is at least 30 maybe 50 years and
subscribe for new test-tube videos every
day thanks for watching
