an emergency european union meeting was
recently called to address the violence
unfolding between ukraine and
pro-russian separatists economic
sanctions already in place against
russia by the EU the US and other
countries were extended by six months in
an effort to stop the violence so what
our government sanctions and do they
really work a sanction is a punitive
measure against a person community or
nation levied by other groups especially
the United States united nations of the
European Union to enforce compliance
with international laws and standards
these sanctions may prohibit
relationships in areas like trade travel
or finance with a penalized country the
Communists are on the fence about
whether or not they work several studies
have looked at the effectiveness of
sanctions imposed during the 20th
century and found that most of them
can't be considered successful this is
because there are countless ways to
undercut sanctions and they have
unintended consequences for innocent
civilians and other countries linked
financially in the 90s after Iraq
invaded Kuwait Iraqi trade relationships
and finances were restricted with
sweeping sanctions by the UN the
sanctions targeted the entire economy of
Iraq which hurt the general population
before it hurt the Iraqi leaders this
resulted in economic downturn and food
shortages which according to UNICEF and
many others caused a humanitarian crisis
rates of childhood mortality and poverty
spiked Saddam Hussein and other regime
leaders however were less affected than
the poor and were able to remain in
power until the u.s. invasion in 2003
sanctions can also be ineffective when
countries choose to ignore them and
continue to trade with each other in
2010 the United Nations imposed more
sanctions against Iran for their
continued push towards nuclear
development Japan Australia South Korea
and others complied with the sanctions
but China did not the Atlantic Council's
Iran task force reported at the time the
sanctions would be unsuccessful so long
as China continued to do business with
Iran and oil prices stayed high because
of the way sanctions were implemented in
the past where a country's population
would suffer more than those in power
the UN the US and others are now
developing and enforcing smart sanctions
to target specific people or problem
groups in early 2014
the European Union and
United States declared smart sanctions
against Russia for attacking Ukraine the
sanctions financially restricted certain
Russian companies and blacklisted people
in Putin's inner circles Russia's Prime
Minister estimates that sanctions have
caused an economic loss of tens of
billions of dollars it's hoped that the
sanctions will pressure Putin into
complying with international authorities
over the recent conflict in Ukraine but
in principle sanctions are a resourceful
nonviolent way to get countries to work
together in reality the ramifications of
sanctions are always complex and hard to
predict which makes many analysts think
that sanctions don't work at all China
has also made imposing sanctions on
North Korea very difficult in the past
to learn more about their unique
relationship check out our video here
and to learn more about the world every
day subscribe now
