recently two American men attempted a
coup d'etat in Gambia to overthrow the
government there this attempt was
unsuccessful the failed attack is one of
about five supposed cooze attempted in
2014 the question is how many of these
were actual coos and how many were just
rebellions first we have to talk about
the difference between a rebellion and a
coup the word coup implies a quick power
shift that is not approved by the
political process or the general
populace a small group literally takes
power without the consent of the people
rebellions are power shifts brought on
by a popular mandate of the people it's
the result of the masses removing a
replacement government or its leaders in
2014 in both Abkhazia and Burkina Faso
the heads of state were forcibly removed
from power those heads of states claimed
that this was done in a coup but
according to experts that claim is more
of a political play than a reality in
both cases angry protesters stormed the
government buildings and forced leaders
to give up power and leave making the
incident of rebellion instead of a coup
d'etat the ousted leaders are claiming
that these were coos because coos are
less respected by other nations compared
to rebellions and easier to overturn for
example historically US law only allowed
aid to be sent to countries reeling from
rebellion but not coos the same thing
happened following the Ukrainian
revolution of 2014 now stood President
Yanukovych cried coup when he was
unseated by Parliament even though there
was an actual vote Yanukovych still says
the vote was illegitimate and the final
step in a coup d'etat sometimes the line
between coup and not coup is harder to
define unless you to an August a
military action forced the Prime
Minister to flee but he was able to
return a week later and no one in the
army ever officially took power of the
country the army claims that the leaders
own police force was going to stage an
armed rebellion and that he was forced
out of the country for his own
protection the Prime Minister rejects
this claim and has called the action a
coup but it's hard to clearly define the
intentions of everyone involved the most
successful and clear-cut case of a coup
d'etat in 2014 happened in
Island but that is nothing new NPR
estimates that more than a dozen coos
have been attempted there since 1932 ty
coos are unique mostly because they are
bloodless and happen frequently for an
otherwise flourishing nation the
military there is lawfully allowed to
seize control of the country during
political turmoil so as long as the coup
is successful it is legal and the king
Thailand will officially recognize the
new government please subscribe to
test-tube we release new videos 6 days a
week thank you for watching
