the unfortunate fact of the world today
is that terrorists and terrorism have
become commonplace it's a part of many
people's everyday lives and it seems to
only be getting worse but exactly how
bad is the current state of terrorism
recently the Institute for economics and
peace put together their global
terrorism report examining terrorism
across 162 countries they defined
terrorism as the threatened or actual
use of illegal force and violence by a
non-state actor to attain a political
economic religious or social goal
through fear coercion or intimidation
and what they found is not good in 2013
alone there were almost 10,000 separate
terrorist attacks resulting in the death
of nearly 18 thousand people this is a
significant increase from 2012 and five
times worse than in the year 2000 2013
specifically saw terrorism that was
highly contained eighty two percent of
all deaths from terrorist attacks
happened in only five countries Iraq
Afghanistan Pakistan Nigeria and Syria
with rock being the deadliest not to
mention that 66% of all terrorist
related fatalities in 2013 were
committed by only four terrorist groups
in total there were 60 countries that
experienced at least one death due to
terrorism with 24 of them experiencing
more than 50 deaths and there's no
reason to believe things are going to
get better
the GTI highlights a number of countries
where they expect to see an increase in
terrorism which includes Iran Israel
Mexico and Uganda they attribute the
increase to ongoing conflicts and
hostilities between ethnic or religious
groups current human rights abuses or
high levels of violence due to poor
governance so is there any good news to
come out of the 2013 GTI well sadly no
even the five countries with the largest
decreases in terrorist related deaths
still have dangerously high levels of
terrorist activities so what does this
all mean well in a nutshell it means
things aren't getting better terrorist
attacks and deaths resulting from those
at
facts have increased and not by a small
margin this is in spite of reports that
the United States arguably one of the
leaders in the war on terror has spent
over a trillion dollars on
anti-terrorism operations since 9/11
so as the US as war on terror creating
more terrorists some say yes but major
causes of terrorism are still due to
conflicts between ethnic religious or
political groups which are trends we've
seen for hundreds if not thousands of
years if you'd like to learn more about
some lesser-known but still deadly
terrorist groups check out our video on
the three terrorist groups you haven't
heard of another recently active
terrorist group is the League of the
righteous in Iraq they're an extremist
Shia group that killed 33 people in a
brothel in baghdad recently reportedly
scrawling this is the fate of any
prostitute on the door of the building
and don't forget to subscribe thanks for
watching
