the city of Fayetteville Arkansas
recently repealed an anti-discrimination
ordinance that protected the LGBT
community from being discriminated
against by local businesses which means
in Fayetteville right now local
businesses are free to refuse service or
employment to the LGBT community and
Fayetteville isn't the only place this
sort of discrimination is happening so
the question is how is this possible is
it legal to discriminate against gay
people in the United States a short
answer is that there is no federal law
specifically protecting the LGBT
community the overall law of the land
when it comes to discrimination in
America is a 1964 Civil Rights Act this
protects employment discrimination based
on race color religion sex or national
origin however it does not protect
people based on their sexual orientation
something that people have been trying
to amend since 1975 so far every attempt
to pass federal legislation protecting
gay Americans has been unsuccessful
including numerous failed votes for the
Employment non-discrimination Act which
would make LGBT discrimination in the
workplace illegal on a national level
but that doesn't mean there aren't some
laws in place 21 states and the District
of Columbia have laws that prohibit
discrimination based on sexual identity
18 of those laws include gender identity
protection as well but some are only for
public employees going deeper than that
over 200 cities have laws in place
protecting LGBT communities from
employment discrimination however some
of these laws do not always apply for
private employers or businesses with
less than 15 employees and most
religious organizations are also exempt
that still leaves over half the country
without laws specifically prohibiting
discrimination against LGBT employees or
customers and in many states it's still
legal to discriminate against the LGBT
community when it comes to housing
public accommodations adoption and
Hospital visitations so the answer is
yes in the majority of the United States
it is legal to discriminate against LGBT
individuals however there are people
working to change this President Obama
issued an executive order to protect
LGBT federal employees from
discrimination in July of 2014 and in
2013 the
Senate passed the Employment
non-discrimination Act protection bill
for the first time ever but the bill has
since stalled in the house and will most
likely never pass Oregon Senator Jeff
Merkley is also proposing a new bill
that will prevent LGBT discrimination in
employment housing jury service public
accommodations and more and many
advocates are optimistic of change
pointing at the rising number of states
that have legalized gay marriage as well
as the American public's growing support
of gay rights according to a Human
Rights Campaign 'fl over seventy percent
of likely voters would be in favor of a
federal law banning LGBT discrimination
and eighty-seven percent of Americans
already think there is one whether or
not you support gay rights it turns out
there's actually scientific evidence
that homophobia is harmful to everyone
check out this video over on dnews to
learn why thanks for watching test-tube
please subscribe
