on December 9th the Senate Intelligence
Committee released a report on the use
of torture by the CIA the report said
that the CIA and members of the Bush
administration knew about and even
covered up illegal torture operations
operations that are in violation of the
Geneva Convention and the United Nations
Convention Against Torture according to
these laws the US must prosecute all
guilty parties even those operating
inside the US government so what will
happen to the people involved with the
CIA torture program will they serve time
in jail the answer is most likely no
high-ranking officials that stay in the
United States will not be prosecuted
since 2000 the US Justice Department has
already investigated two cases of
detainee mistreatment both were
dismissed due to lack of evidence and
it's unlikely the Justice Department
will reopen these or new criminal
investigations even President Obama
wants to move forward he says rather
than another reason to refight old
arguments I hope today's report can help
us leave these techniques in the past
his statement is intentionally
non-aggressive because there is an
established precedent in the United
States against criminalizing politics in
other words new presidents don't
prosecute past presidents this is why
Nixon was pardoned instead it brought to
justice
anyone seeing jail time in this case is
unlikely if someone does it will
probably only be low-level military
officials and CIA contractors
although outside of the United States
it's a different story Italian courts
have already convicted and sentenced 22
CIA agents for torture this is more of a
symbolic gesture than anything else
because the agents aren't in Italy and
will not see jail time because the
United States would never extradite them
in Germany - there have been cases
brought against the CIA but again the
agents in question will not be
extradited many other countries want to
arrest and prosecute these individuals
but no country has demanded extradition
because the u.s. is considered too
valuable and a lie plus many countries
are guilty of government sanctioned
torture themselves Afghanistan for
example probably isn't pursuing criminal
charges against the US because the
Afghan government was complicit in those
same activities if you're interested in
the contents of this torture report
please watch this other video the report
also showed that the CIA trained and
staff
their facilities with numerous soldiers
who had previously admitted to or were
disciplined for sexual assaults anger
management issues or engaging in
inappropriate interrogations and thank
you for watching test-tube please
subscribe
