On June 22nd 1940
Kutta signed an armistice with Nazi
Germany essentially surrendering most of
the country over to Hitler
since then France has been labeled by
some as militarily weak and prone to
surrender so let's give it an actual
look how powerful is France the short
answer is very powerful despite only
having around 230,000 active military
personnel which is far less than other
world powers like China Russia the US
and India France still ranks 4th on the
National power index primarily because
of its position in global politics and
its advanced military technology as a
permanent member of the United Nations
Security Council France can exert veto
power and are on equal footing with
Russia the US China and the UK so it
would be difficult for a un-backed
coalition to move against France or its
interests France is also a full NATO
member and a founding member of the
European Union and they hold a lot of
influence over the world's economy 14
African nations use a form of currency
called the CFA franc which has direct
ties to France's national bank and the
head of the International Monetary Fund
is traditionally French plus France has
its own flourishing economy with
strongholds in every business sector
from energy to pharmaceuticals they also
have an extremely advanced military
complete with nuclear subs an aircraft
carrier long-range nuclear missiles and
an estimated 15 military bases abroad
giving them an international footprint
akin to Russia's adding to all of this
is their robust military industrial
complex they're the fifth largest
weapons exporter in the world and they
saw a 30% increase in weapon sales last
year as we said at the top France is
very powerful but there are also some
indications that their power may be
diminishing due to budget cuts they've
cut roughly a third of their active
military personnel since 2008 they also
froze their core defence budget at
thirty one point four billion euros in a
time when other nations like China India
and Russia are increasing theirs they
also abandoned some of their programs
like
plans to build a new aircraft carrier
and a new class of amphibious vehicles
and they shrunk their airforce from 300
jets down to 225 some experts say they
don't have nearly enough transports or
fueling planes to effectively deploy
their troops and according to The Wall
Street Journal on paper they have
roughly 230 thousand men and women in
uniform but only 30,000 of those are
estimated to be deployable on six months
notice the accusation is that France
isn't putting enough financial resources
into their Armed Forces and as a result
they're becoming less effective if you'd
like to know more about the strengths of
other world powers like Russia India or
China please click one of these boxes
now or to see them all please click our
strengths of nations playlist and
remember we upload new videos five days
a week so please subscribe
