the battle against Isis rages on in the
Middle East and one fighting group has
burst into the spotlight
the ypj an all-female fighting group in
Syria their story has been highlighted
in news articles and on social media
telling tales of their heroics and their
sacrifices so who exactly are these
women the women's protection unit also
known as the ypj is an all-female
volunteer contingent of Kurdistan's army
they are over 7,000 strong and make up
35% of all the Kurdish troops in Syria
they formed in 2012 to help fight
against Syria's government the
al-qaeda-affiliated al-nusra front and
Isis their leader is Nuran Efrain who
also goes by Mesa Abdo neither are her
real name you may have seen this picture
of her floating around on the internet
which is also not her real picture the
ypj is currently engaged in a battle
with Isis over kobani a Kurdish city in
Syrian Kurdistan Kurdish media is
reporting that these women fighters are
the vital force in this battle this is
the same battle in which a 20 year old
ypj fighter detonated a suicide bomb as
she ran toward the Isis line killing as
many as 23 enemy fighters experts
believe that if Isis can take kobani it
would be a serious blow to the stability
of the turkey-syria border which would
make it easier for Isis to spread across
the region
the ypj is also unique because they are
made up of Muslim women and there's a
general belief in the West that Muslims
treat women as second-class citizens but
this is not the case in Kurdistan
Kurdish women play a major role in
religion and politics and have been
appointed to high-level government jobs
there have also been female Kurdish
military heroes dating back hundreds of
years
in fact why PJs nicknamed the Lions
comes from the Kurdish saying a lion is
a lion be it female or male this is a
saying that Isis fighters most likely do
not agree with many Kurds have reported
that some Isis fighters are terrified of
being killed by a woman they think it
will send them to hell one ypj fighter
spoke of monitoring Isis radio calls and
hearing the pain
their voices when discussing the female
fighters which is a victory for the ypj
who take pride in fighting an enemy that
looks down on women to find out more
about the Kurds click here now we
release five new episodes a week so
don't forget to subscribe
curds by religion are Sunni Muslims but
they existed at prior to Islam and they
were resistant to the Arab military
expansion that took place in the 6th
century
