gamergate is all over the internet and
it has put a spotlight on online
trolling which brings up an interesting
question is sending hateful or
threatening messages over social media
even legal well sort of to be honest the
law is pretty unclear about this twenty
US states currently have cyberbullying
laws but they are mainly designed to
protect school-aged kids plus only a few
states even bother to define what
cyberbullying even is so prosecuting
someone under current cyberbullying laws
is proving very difficult some
prosecutors are trying to use other laws
to combat online trolling laws like the
interstate Communications Act the
telephone harassment act and the
Computer Fraud and Abuse Act but those
laws weren't specifically designed to
combat cyber bullying so their legality
doesn't really hold and the battle
against online bullying doesn't appear
to be getting any easier because when
clearer anti trolling legislation does
come up it usually fails due to concerns
over our First Amendment rights many
legislators fear that the broad wording
of some of these new laws will lead
people to get arrested for exercising
their right to free speech they fear
that something as simple as making a
joke online could end in prosecution
other bills are knocked down because of
their wording Arizona House bill 254 9
prohibited the use of any electronic
device to quote intimidate threaten
harass annoy or offend end quote
opponents argued that the word offend
was too subjective so the law was never
passed but there is still hope right now
Europe is leading away in the fight
against trolls in 2013 numerous trolls
tweeted sexist and violent threats
toward a woman leading a campaign to get
more women on English banknotes two of
the harasses were found arrested and
charged under the UK's communications
Act
they were both fined and jailed the UK
may also pass a new law that will
increase the maximum jail time for
internet trolls from six months to two
years Italy is not only going after
trolls it has threatened prosecution of
the social media sites that host the
anonymous hate the European Union has
come together to try to stop trolling as
well including the Istanbul convene
which protects both men and women
against stalking and emerging concerns
such as cyber stalking though most laws
across Europe are still vague or
incomplete so prosecutions are hard to
come by with all of that said there are
other ideas for fighting online trolling
websites could regulate their users more
aggressively they could also enact
policies designed to strip away
anonymity online police could be
encouraged to take online harassment
more seriously and finally people could
also just stop it with the trolling it
is the worst if you're interested in
trolling check out this dnews episode
where we discover whether or not online
trolls are actually awful in real life
do you know the anatomy of an internet
troll it's a little uglier than you
might think and if you like test-tube
please subscribe it's the best way to
get all of our videos into your feet
