according to North Korea the remains of
thousands of US soldiers are at risk of
being lost if the United States doesn't
resume efforts to recover them these
were US soldiers buried in North Korea
during the Korean War which means that
the US has had at least 60 plus years to
recover them so what's going on and does
it indicate a larger problem within the
US military while the US military's
mortuary affairs is currently
responsible for identifying and
retrieving the bodies of American
soldiers killed abroad as it stands now
they have a policy of concurrent return
which means that the bodies of dead
soldiers are retrieved and transported
back to the u.s. during active combat
but that wasn't always the policy prior
to concurrent return the US would bury
soldiers in temporary graves near the
battlegrounds then when the conflict was
over they locate those bodies reacquire
them and send them home for reinterment
unless the families of those soldiers
were ok with their loved ones being
buried abroad then they would remain
abroad which is how countries like
France and Belgium ended up with
memorial graveyards full of American
soldiers it is also how the bodies of
more than 5,000 US soldiers ended up in
North Korea sort of not exactly the
soldiers in North Korea aren't there
with the next of Kin's permission they
are there because the United States was
unable to get them during the original
conflict and is still unable to get them
out now because the conflict never
really ended the u.s. and North Korea
never signed a peace agreement and
relations between the two countries are
bad North Korea is generally seen as
hostile and is under numerous US and
international sanctions at one point the
US was paying North Korea to exhume and
help return bodies but they have since
stopped because paying North Korea is
now seen as too financially beneficial
for the North Korean government and is
also seen as a break in US sanctions
experts think that North Korea is only
releasing statements about the bodies
now because they'd like to see more US
money and fewer US sanctions something
that is not likely to happen soon so do
these bodies trapped abroad represent a
failure in our system
no mortuary affairs has done an
extraordinary job in the last few
decades of
turning remains home from Iraq and
Afghanistan all indications that the
concurrent return policy works but with
that said the system still has its major
flaws according to sergeant major Frank
Rivero
one in three mortuary affairs
specialists will experience some form of
post-traumatic stress disorder so the
bodies are coming home intact but the
soldiers may not be plus the US
military's main morgue at Dover Air
Force Base in Delaware was the center of
a pretty nasty scandal in 2011 that
involved suppressing whistleblowers
dumping portions of remains in a
landfill and even the sawing off of a
protruding arm bone from one deceased
marine so that they could get him into
the marine burial dress uniform if you
found this episode informative please
subscribe and if you have a question or
topic you'd like us to cover please let
us know in the comments we may not
respond to every comment but we do read
all of them and we do look through them
for topics for future stories
