Mexican authorities are working to
identify dozens of bodies found in mass
graves outside the city of Iguala
evidence indicates that these may be
some of the bodies of those 43 students
who recently went missing after a clash
with local police during a protest an
incident that involved officers killing
at least six people the situation in
Iguala is bad but a closer look at this
incident and the recent history of mass
killings in Mexico tells an even darker
story there are reports of the police
handing the students over to a local
drug cartel one of the suspected killers
has already admitted to that but
authorities can't be absolutely certain
that these are the missing students
until DNA testing is complete because
the bodies could also belong to
literally thousands of other people mass
killings by drug cartels and the law
enforcement agencies tasked with
fighting those cartels happen with
alarming regularity in Mexico this
incident is the fourth widely reported
mass killing this year alone and it's
more than likely that most incidents
aren't even being reported when the last
President of Mexico left office over
26,000 people were reported missing the
current President Enrique Pena Nieto
revised that number down to 8,000 but
after public outcry he revised the
number back up to 16,000 but all three
of those estimates are still far lower
than what some human rights groups
claimed to be the real number things
have gotten so bad in Mexico that
according to some reports drug-related
violence has claimed more than 70,000
lives since 2006 so why did this
situation get so out of hand well in
2006 the Mexican government along with
the US Drug Enforcement Agency started
targeting the heads of drug cartels they
captured or killed 30 of the 37 most
wanted cartel leaders and without those
leaders those cartels broke into
hundreds of separate factions and
alliances that began warring against
each other with greater frequency and
brutality we basically cut the head off
the snake but instead of the snake dying
it just created thousands of smaller
more violent snakes when mr. Pena Nieto
became Mexico's new president in 2012 he
changed the strategy in their war on
drugs he shifted the focus away from
cartel
eaters and put it on local law
enforcement stopping drug violence
instead he also struck a deal to allow
vigilante groups to keep their weapons
as long as they agreed to be integrated
into official security forces the
corruption among local law enforcement
is widespread so in a lot of regions the
people tasked with stopping the cartels
are the very same people who are working
for them
hence the accusations that police handed
the student protesters over to the
cartel in the recent incident in Iguala
to find out more about what's going on
in the world please subscribe to the
channel and to watch our latest video on
why Turkey has been reluctant to fight
Isis please click here now while there
may have been multiple reasons
initially Turkey was reluctant to join
out of concern over the safety of their
citizens
until recently Isis was holding 49
Turkish diplomats and security personnel
hostage remember we upload new videos 6
days a week so please subscribe
