stopping the militant group Isis in
Syria and Iraq would benefit both the
u.s. and Iran and there's a lot of
speculation about how or if that could
work
for example the u.s. could use
airstrikes against Isis targets to make
way for ground attacks by Iranian troops
or the US could simply provide aid
information and international support
while Iran does most of the military
work on their own all of which are
reasonable plans if the u.s. and Iran
can trust each other question is given
the history between these two countries
can they well these two nations have a
long and complicated history full of
poor decisions and bad blood on both
sides for starters in 1953 the u.s. in
conjunction with the UK organized a coup
in Iran they replaced Iran's publicly
elected Prime Minister with a military
rule under a u.s. friendly Shah they did
this in part to stifle Russia's growing
influence in Iran and partly to protect
British oil interests in the area the
Iranian prime minister at the time was
considering nationalizing Iran's oil
industry something that didn't sit well
with the west over the next 26 years the
u.s. provided aid support and even
nuclear technology for Iran and the Shah
it was a period of prosperity for Iran
but there was a growing disconnect
between the Shah and the people very
student movements liberal groups and
Islamic organizations resented the fast
pace at which the Shah was westernizing
and secularizing Iran and the influence
that the US had over him
they also resented the Shahs
increasingly oppressive corrupt and
extravagant government and his
mismanagement of assets which led to
shortages and inflation in 1979 the
conflict reached a boiling point and the
Shah was overthrown power eventually
landed in the hands of Ayatollah
Khomeini he established the Islamic
Republic of Iran as we know it today and
the relationship with the US hasn't been
good since on November 4th of that same
year protestors stormed the US Embassy
in Iran and the Iranian government held
52 Americans hostage for more than a
year since then the US has backed Iraq
in a war against Iran a war in which the
u.s. also attacked Iranian oil platforms
and ships and mistakenly shot down an
iranian passenger jet Iran has funded or
sheltered Western hating Islamic
terrorist groups held US citizens in
Iran against their will move forward
with a nuclear weapons program against
objections from the US and the
international community
and like numerous times two
international inspectors about the
status of that program the US has also
conducted numerous covert acts against
Iran including a successful joint
cyberattack with Israel that briefly
crippled Iran's nuclear program it's
been a 35-year period of lies distrust
covert actions and open aggression the
chances of the u.s. and Iran working
together for a short period against a
threat like Isis is a possibility but
considering the history it would most
likely have to be an extremely limited
engagement that doesn't fully require
the two sides to trust each other to
find out more info about the Middle East
and the conflict over there please click
on our Isis playlist or click here now
to see our video on who the Kurds are
and what stake they have in the region
please subscribe
