we see acronyms for international
organizations all the time but we never
really stopped to think about who those
organizations are and what they do so
today we just wanted to take a quick
moment to decode some of this
international alphabet soup first off is
NATO the North Atlantic Treaty
Organization this is a group of states
who've agreed to defend each other
against military and political threats
from non NATO members NATO has 28 member
states including the US Canada and most
of Europe they've agreed to contribute
troops and supplies for some joint
military actions Russia and Ukraine are
not NATO members but NATO has been in
the news recently over the possibility
of stepping in against Russia in the
Ukrainian conflict next is the UN or
United Nations we all generally know
what that is but you may not be familiar
with the groups they're responsible for
things like UNICEF UNESCO and the whu-oh
UNICEF is the United Nations Children's
Fund they provide humanitarian and
developmental aid to children and
mothers in developing countries UNESCO
is the United Nations Educational
Scientific and Cultural Organization
their goal is to spread knowledge and
preserve culture through international
collaboration they do things like
establish literacy programs and
designate protected world heritage sites
the w-h-o is the World Health
Organization also run by the UN they're
concerned with international public
health so they take on epidemics like
the current Ebola outbreak in West
Africa and handle other medical projects
and research another term that pops up
every so often is the g8 or the group of
aid this refers to both a group of
leaders from eight world nations and a
series of informal retreats for those
leaders though the g8 retreats usually
also involve one or two guests like the
head of the EU those guests aren't
technically a part of the g8 speaking of
the EU that stands for the European
Union which is a politico economic union
of 28 European nations that have agreed
to accept the same currency the euro and
the same standards for free trade and
travel for their member states and
citizens they're also working towards
one codified set of laws to govern
things like agriculture and regional
development it's basically a very robust
Trade Organization that allows Europe to
as one political and economic force
another important Trade Organization is
OPEC which stands for the organization
of the Petroleum Exporting Countries
this refers to a group of 12
oil-producing nations that collude with
each other to protect their common
interest in the oil market they meet on
pricing and practices to ensure that
their market stays stable and their oil
profits remain high obviously this is
considered a controversial practice for
those who believe in a free market
economy the IMF or International
Monetary Fund is another international
organization that has taken some
criticism lately the IMF is basically a
fund that 188 nations pay into it's
designed to assist nations that need
loans or other help with economic
stability critics accuse the IMF of
having a Western bias and being overly
supportive of nations that have strong
ties to the US and the EU to find out
more about world events and the world in
general please subscribe to the channel
we put out five new videos a week and
clicking the subscribe button is the
best way to make sure you get all of
that info and for a daily dose of
science news why not go check out
another channel I host called dnews
