Russia now has active military forces on
the ground inside Ukraine Russia is not
calling this an invasion of Ukraine and
Western leaders are also picking their
words carefully but for all practical
purposes Russia has now invaded Ukraine
so how did we get here well things would
never have escalated to the level of
violence that they're at now without
Russian support or orchestration but
with that said Ukraine is a historically
divided nation and the conflict as a
whole is about a divide and the
countries lack of a cohesive national
identity the Ukraine has become largely
split between the East and the West
roughly along this line it's often
talked about in the press as a divide
between the ethnically Ukrainian and
Ukrainian speaking west and the
ethnically Russian and russian-speaking
East but that's a bit of an
oversimplification the conflict between
these two groups is really about the
future of the country and its current
national identity or lack thereof many
people in Western Ukraine would like the
country to move away from Russian
influence they'd like to become more
aligned with the EU and more
self-reliant many people in the East
also want a self-reliant Ukraine but
they'd like the country to remain
aligned with Russia and they can't fully
identify with the Ukrainian nationalist
movement because it centers around
Ukrainian language and traditions
ignoring their Russian roots this
doesn't mean that the East wants to join
Russia it just means that they'd like to
keep a close bond with their former
homeland the divide stems from how
Ukraine was formed and how they were
treated under Russian rule prior to
their reestablishing independence in
1991 prior to 1991 Ukraine hadn't had an
extensive period of self-rule since the
1600s they were independent for a brief
moment after World War one but that
didn't last long enough to establish one
Ukrainian culture or national identity
they've largely been under Russian
control for the last 400 years and going
as far back as the 1700s there have been
programs put in place by Russian leaders
to russa phi eastern ukraine this
started with Catherine the Great and
continued all the way through Stalin's
rule Russia wanted to make the coal-rich
iron rich and more fertile
regions of Ukraine as closely connected
to them as possible these regions happen
to mostly be on the eastern side of the
country Soviet and pre Soviet Russia has
a history of relocating entire
populations out of Ukraine and replacing
them with Russian citizens they also
have a history of outlawing Ukrainian
language and culture indoctrinating
Ukrainian children with Russian ideals
in school and Stalin even instituted a
program that intentionally starved
Ukrainian populations understandably
this has led to some bad blood towards
Russia from the ethnically Ukrainian
western part of the country but it also
brought a lot of Russians into Ukraine
which generated greater sympathy for
Russian culture and Russia itself among
the people in the eastern side of the
country today these tensions are
exacerbated by a terrible Ukrainian
economy Moscow's military support of
Russian separatist groups / actually
invading Ukraine far-right Ukrainian
nationalist groups alienating ethnically
Russian Ukrainians the shooting down of
Malaysian Airlines flight 17 Russia's
forced annexation of Crimea and huge
media biases on both sides you can paint
the Ukrainian conflict as a continuation
of their independence movement and
another step in the battle against
Russian control but that ignores a lot
of the issues that currently divide the
Ukraine people to find out more about
flight mh17 and media bias in this
country please click on this video now
let's just look at what we know about
Russian public opinion is the Russian
public version of world events different
than the West's and if you need a break
from the serious news click on the box
to check out my series everything but
the news on PBS Digital Studios
