the CDC just put their recommendation
behind a daily anti HIV pill called
Truvada that reduces the chances of HIV
infection among people at high risk by
up to 92% 92% is a huge margin is this
basically the HIV vaccine that we've all
been waiting for
no vaccines create antibodies that make
you immune to a disease Truvada prevents
HIV but does not make you immune to it
it's basically a condom in pill form if
that condom were to only prevent HIV and
if you had to take it every day to
ensure that it worked properly the CDC
is not currently recommending Truvada
for the general public and despite what
the headlines say they're not even
recommending that all gay men take it
they're only recommending the drug to
people at substantial risk for HIV
meaning HIV free gay or bisexual men who
have had anal sex without a condom or
been diagnosed with an STD in the past
six months or heterosexual men or women
who do not regularly use condoms during
sex with partners of unknown HIV status
who are at substantial risk for HIV
infection meaning intravenous drug users
bisexuals who engage in high-risk
behaviors or couples in which one of the
two partners is HIV positive the CDC is
making a limited recommendation because
Truvada is not a replacement for condoms
condoms are by far still the best way
for sexually active people to avoid
contracting sexually transmitted
infections if you are not at high risk
condoms are enough to keep you safe some
of you right now might be thinking
alright I get it but what if I know I'm
going to be having sex with a new person
and I want to double down on my
protection should I just take one that
day no you shouldn't
clinical trials of Truvada show that it
works best if taken every day taking it
once right before sex or the day of is
definitely not the recommended use of
Truvada it is however the recommended
use for condoms which leads us to the
main reason that universal
administration of Truvada cannot be
recommended condoms and sex education
are the absolute best way to prevent the
spread of st is some people fear that
implementing Truvada on a universal
level would take away from safe sex
programs leading to an increase in
riah chlamydia and other STI s Truvada
is a promising drug worldwide we can see
as much as a 20 to 25 percent reduction
in incidents of high-risk males
contracting HIV averting up to 1 million
new infections among this group over 10
years but if you're not exhibiting
high-risk behavior you shouldn't take it
you should just use a condom if you
found this video informative please
subscribe to the channel we release new
videos five days a week
clicking the subscribe button is the
best way to get these videos on your
YouTube feed and if you want to hear the
World Health Organization's take on
Truvada or more info about HIV watch
Tara's dnews episode on those updates
