with the king of Spain recently
advocating and handing the throne over
to his son we thought it would be a good
time to look into our worlds real-life
Game of Thrones I for one to have a
bunch of questions first off Spain has a
king who knew how many other nations
have kings 10 12 nope
way more 45 nations have monarchs 45
nations but don't get too excited 16 of
those including the UK our Commonwealth
realms like Canada or Australia that
recognize queen elizabeth ii of england
as their monarch so there are actually
aren't that many people who could be
considered kings or queens or a mirrors
or Sultan's or whatever we're just going
to say Kings to make this simple in
total there are thirty the vast majority
are part of constitutional monarchies
and largely act as ceremonial
figureheads but who cares about them
right where our real Game of Thrones
style kings the ones with absolute power
and blood rights to the throne you win
or you die
well Saudi Arabia's King has almost
absolute power he has to follow Sharia
law and take advice from a Council of
other family members plus the line of
succession doesn't necessarily go from
the father to the son the royal family
as a whole can decide to pass over
someone if there is a better fit waiting
in the wings the king of Swaziland
technically has absolute power but he
also has to manage an elaborate
parliamentary system which is partially
elected and partially assigned by
himself plus there is a co king of sorts
who handles spiritual aspects of his
reign but it looks like that person has
little to no power Bahrain claims to be
a constitutional monarchy but from what
we can tell
Bahrain's King has absolute power and is
committing a ton of human rights
violations not cool Hamad bin Isa
al-khalifa the United Arab Emirates is
led by a federal Supreme Council of
seven Amir's but the presidency of the
Council is inherited and from what we
can tell he has almost absolute power
making them more of a hereditary
monarchy in the traditional sense than a
council the Sultan of Brunei has
absolute power and is a king in the I
rule everything and can do whatever I
want Game of Thrones type of way so is
the Sultan of Oman and the Emir of Qatar
all three nations have Parliament's or
councils that do some advising but they
are totally controlled by the king the
king has absolute power and when the
King dies his next of kin will take
there is one final king with absolute
power though the Pope he is technically
the monarch of Vatican City which is its
own nation he can by decree do whatever
he wants but when we say gameofthrones
type King we don't mean the Pope plus
the Pope can't even have kids
so the heredity thing is out the window
if you'd like to learn more fun stuff
check out our video on what the true
meaning of the word jihad is the answer
is much more positive than you might
think
does it even mean holy war at all well
the short answer is no what jihad really
means is struggle or click on the other
box to get up-to-date information on the
current lethal injection debacle new
episodes every Monday through Friday
please please please subscribe now we
are new so we use the subscribers thanks
for watching oh and the Lannister always
pays his debts for something
