on October 2018 this video of a
Brazilian presidential candidate getting
stabbed at a campaign rally went viral
that's far-right politician and
presidential frontrunner Shia vote
senado a controversial figure that could
be on the verge of creating a political
earthquake in Brazil but how did this
provocateur who was once relegated to
the political sidelines managed to
become the driving force of a movement
after 14 years of left-wing rule and
what could his potential victory mean
for Brazil hey guys I'm Kim this is now
this world and in today's episode we'll
explore how Brazil's Jaguar senado
gained traction let's start with how he
managed to become the center of
attention after so many years with
Brazil's Workers Party at the helm in
Brazil was in turmoil in addition to the
first revelations of the Lava Java
corruption scandal which involved
several bribes involving the
construction giant Oda bridge and many
government officials Brazil also started
to suffer a financial crisis with a
stiff decrease on its GDP and a rise in
crime and unemployment this would
ultimately keep Raziel among the most
violent places to live in the world
brazil's status as a strong player in
the world economy came to an end and
things continued to get worse in 2016
the lava jato also known as the carwash
scandal ensnared the highest levels of
government
among them was Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva
former president and spiritual leader of
the ruling Workers Party known in Brazil
as PT at the same time current President
Dilma Rousseff faced a plot to impeach
her orchestrated on the basis of
government budget make ups
many alliances in the party were broken
vice president Michel temer was also
involved in the efforts to remove
Rousseff Brazil Senate voted to oust
Rousseff from the presidency on August
31st 2016 there man became president and
was assigned was fulfilling the duties
of the office for the rest of the term
that same day Brazil saw a parade of
low-profile politicians trying to have a
shot at Fame but one particular
politician a former army captain was
going to go even further Jaya mrs.
volson ro dedicated his impeachment vote
to the late Colonel Carlos Alberto
rolante kustra who was accused of being
one of the most sadistic killers and
torturers during the brutal dictatorship
that ruled Brazil between 1964 and 1985
Alice stood President Rousseff was one
of those imprisoned during this time
Bolton ro went even further saying that
Ostra was Rousseff's but that wasn't the
first time that Bolton ro
now a member of the small social Liberal
Party glorified brazil's era of
dictatorship he even said the
dictatorship should have killed more
people instead of torturing them in the
1990s he openly declared that he would
stage a military coup if he ever became
president he is now seemingly abandoned
that position and says he's not an enemy
of the democracy
he has also declared himself to be Pro
torture has said he'd rather have his
son die in a car accident than date
another man and told a female member of
Congress he wouldn't rape her because
she doesn't deserve it
he also had racist things to say about
the black descendants of African slaves
known in brazil as gilliam bollocks
but Bolton arrows place in Brazilian
politics was largely seen as that of The
provocateur who support wasn't expected
to rise few people expected Bernardo to
be the favorite for a presidential
candidacy at the beginning of this year
some credit this rise in Bolton Aras
profile to the downfall of the previous
leading candidate in these elections
former President Luiz in√°cio Lula da
Silva da Silva also known as Lula was
Brazil's president for two terms from
2003 to 2011 he was also the driving
force and soul of the Workers Party
Lula administration's accomplishments
included helping to lift 20 million
Brazilians out of acute poverty and
moving the country's economy to the
eighth place in the world but his
administration was also marred by
corruption scandals like mints allow
which involved several top officials of
his government and also himself then
came the lava jato accusations with nine
charges involving Lula back in 2011 he
left office with big popularity numbers
and in 2016
despite the accusations he was offered a
job as a chief of staff in the Rousseff
administration and he was the favored
candidate to win this year's election
but in July 2017 everything changed
Lula was sentenced to nearly 10 years in
prison for receiving a bribe from the
Construction giant Auto bridge after
appealing his sentence was raised to 12
years and in September 2018 he was
officially barred from running for
office again with only a few weeks to go
before the election Luna decided to step
aside and throw his support behind
Fernando eval
a former south paulo mayor who was going
to be his running mate for the Workers
Party back in August polls showed that
Lula would get 39% of the vote while
bosun ro would get 19% Lula was hoping
to transfer the bulk of his support over
to a dad but with Lula out of the
presidential race things didn't go
according to plan for the Workers Party
instead both Gennaro's polling numbers
continue to rise up to a projected 28
percent in September then on September
7th after a rally in Juiz de Fora de
Minas Gerais
Bolton ro was stabbed by a man who
reportedly said he was on a mission from
God
many speculated that this would help
worsen artists caused because he
campaigned on the narrative that Brazil
was in chaos in 2018 the country saw its
murder rate hitting a new record high
and on the elections first round vote
when a candidate can only become
president if they win more than 50
percent bolson ro was up in the polls
which had him at 35 percent in Avadh a
22 percent but on election day the
margin of victory was even bigger with
94 percent of the vote counted Baldonado
got roughly 46 percent of the total vote
while Avadh got 28 percent
this makes boar senado the favorite to
become brazil's president after the
second round when both candidates will
face off on October 28th despite huge
social movements like the feminist Eddie
now and his high disapproval numbers
almost 50 million Brazilians voted for
boar senado but why some experts say
that after the corruption scandal and
severe crises related to violent crime
and health all around Brazil the Workers
Party is simply not a real option
anymore
there are also those who condemn the
lack of response from Workers Party
leaders towards Nicolas Maduro and the
worsening situation in Venezuela
that crisis is causing millions of
migrants to fleet all over South America
and many of them straight to Brazil
others say that hate is what defines
this election that boy Gennaro is just a
consequence of the more inclusive
progressive policies that the Workers
Party put in place for minorities since
it came into power and that many
Brazilians simply reject the people's
anger with politicians is not only
visible in the rise of bull senado but
also in the huge upheaval in Congress
where almost 50% of the members are new
either way
this election looks like it will be
decided by which side voters hate the
most
if Wilson Otto ascends to the presidency
it could signal a pivotal moment for
Latin America a region where left-wing
governments have thrived in recent years
do you think abortion era presidency
could spark a right-wing movement in
Latin America let us know in the
comments thanks for watching now this
world
