let's talk about happiness what
countries have really achieved it and
why should we care about it when we look
at global rankings we're often talking
about things like purchasing power
military resources and trade
partnerships but some experts say
happiness is actually a better indicator
of development and public policy success
than other factors so today we're
breaking down the annual world happiness
report so look at which countries keep
topping the list and why the report now
in its sixth year is produced by a UN
initiative called the sustainable
development Solutions Network they've
managed to break down a topic that's
both fundamentally subjective and hard
to quantify
so notice anything about the top 10 yep
all the Nordic countries are in there
they've all ranked among the top 10
since the report was first put out and
Switzerland this year's number 5 has
also always hovered near the top so what
are the factors that ranked Finland
Norway Denmark Iceland and Switzerland
the happiest countries in the world we
spoke to economist John Halliwell who
has edited the report since the
beginning he said the data were compiled
from the world Gallup poll wherein
people were asked to value their lives
as a whole but the best possible life
being a 10 and the worst possible being
is zero economists also analyzed six
major factors that they say explains a
significant part of it GDP per capita
life expectancy and health social
support freedom to make life choices
generosity and freedom from corruption
or a trust in businesses and government
and though we might expect personal or
national wealth to be the biggest
determining factor it's not be a
top-ranked country it isn't just about
being really rich or about being really
socially connected or about having a
really good government it's a whole
mixture in the US for example the GDP
increased by more than a trillion
dollars over the three years data was
collected for this report but it's
happiness ranking dropped four spots
down to 18th Helliwell says social
support freedom generosity and trust in
institutions are actually the most
significant underlying factors a
the happiest countries for people out of
work in Switzerland there are generous
unemployment benefits most are eligible
to receive 80 percent of their last
salary for anywhere from 6 to 18 months
and the Nordic countries all have
tuition free college options provide
versions of universal and in some cases
free health care coverage and have a
variety of other social safety nets
Norway provides up to a year of full
salary paid sick leave in Sweden parents
are entitled to almost 16 months of paid
parental leave per child that includes
those who are unemployed and in Finland
this year's winning country the
government even provides baby boxes to
all new parents filled with things like
clothes spoons
slippers and a thermometer or parents
can choose a check instead in 2017
Finland also became the first country in
Europe to pilot a universal basic income
program under which 2,000 unemployed
citizens received a no-strings-attached
monthly stipend from the government I
joke with the other Americans that we
are living the American dream here in
Finland I just see how well everything
works from medical free health care for
everyone
transportation that's really efficient
and really good schools that are free or
very low charge to students and their
families and Holywell says citizens are
generally happy to pay the price
Finland Norway Denmark and Iceland all
rank among the highest tax countries in
the OECD researchers also found overlap
between countries with the biggest
social safety nets and citizens who feel
the most free to make life decisions why
those systems are one that give high
level education possibilities to
everybody so regardless of whatever
environment you came from you'll have
the same opportunities for education as
everybody else and of course they're
very good systems as well and the same
thing is true of the health system but
it goes beyond taxation and Social
Services by this report standards social
support also means having somebody to
count on when you need them it's what
allows some countries to maintain high
happiness ratings even during crises
while others see drastic drops
for example sis heli well when Greece
Italy Spain and Portugal went through
financial crises around the same time
their reported wellbeing declined but in
Iceland where the banking system
collapsed happiness levels stayed high
that's because social capital or
networks of social relationships is
strong in high social capital region a
disaster happens everybody comes
together and works together in order to
put things right again but the happy
countries are the one that don't play
the blame game they say okay this is a
problem let's see what we can do all of
us of course not all citizens have the
luxury of adopting this mindset in other
countries around the world
residents are struggling with corrupt
governments weather related crises and
poverty and just because a country makes
it on to the happiest countries list
doesn't mean it's free of problems our
criticism for example the Nordic
countries have been among those
witnessing a rise of far-right political
parties and nationalist anti-immigrant
sentiment after the European migrant
crisis began in 2015 this includes
crackdowns on immigration policies and
refugees already living in those
countries as discontent over immigration
increases will these countries see an
impact on the happiness of not just
their citizens but also those who are
coming to live there what do you think
it would take for more citizens around
the world to find a better state of
well-being and who's ultimately
responsible for it let us know what your
thinking in the comments below thanks
for tuning in this week - now this world
and don't forget to Like and subscribe
