in July 2016 Republican presidential
nominee Donald Trump announced that he
had chosen Mike Pence to be his running
mate Pence is a staunch social
conservative who is reportedly well
liked in Republican circles however in
the public sphere little is known about
the Indiana Governor the vice
presidential debate was ostensibly our
first glance into what Pence would be
like a second in command so who is Mike
Pence well Mike Pence is an Indiana
Republican who has been in public office
since 2000 most of that time in the
House of Representatives Pence grew up
in a small city just south of
Indianapolis where his father ran a
chain of gas stations as a child Pence
was an altar boy in a Catholic Church
and even once considered becoming a
priest today Pence calls himself a
Christian a conservative and a
Republican in that order but Ken's never
pursued the ministry instead he obtained
a law degree and became a private
attorney in 1988 in 1990 pence ran for a
congressional seat losing in both
elections to the incumbent Democrat both
campaigns had bitter personal attacks
including a TV ad featuring a man
dressed in middle-eastern garb thinking
pants his opponent for America's
dependence on foreign oil after the
losses pence wrote an essay titled
confessions of a negative campaigner in
which he admitted that his attacks were
wrong and stressed the importance of
politicians focusing on the issues after
losing the elections pence started his
own talk radio show where he positioned
himself as a level-headed conservative
pundit or as he called it
Rush Limbaugh on decaf pence once again
ran for Congress in 2000 this time
winning during his tenure pence voted
against tax increases and big spending
bills and was one of the early advocates
of the Tea Party movement pence is best
known for his part in a series of
controversies regarding LGBT rights in
Congress he advocated for a
constitutional ban on same-sex marriage
stating at homosexuality as a choice and
a deterioration of a nuclear family
would lead to societal collapse pence
became a household name in 2015 when as
governor he signed Indiana's religious
freedom bill which allows business
owners to refuse LGBT customers critics
called the law discriminatory and after
a nationwide backlash pence signed a
gutted version of the bill which
included language saying it could not be
used to purposefully discriminate
however the amendment did not appease
either side of the issue and many say
the crisis painted pence as
this is one of the many issues about
which Trump and Prince don't see
eye-to-eye Trump for example has a
history of supporting LGBT rights other
issues like the trans-pacific
partnership and abortion are also
sticking points for the two in March
2016 pence signed one of these strictest
abortion laws in the nation while Trump
has generally spoken out about being
pro-choice up until the 2016 election
when his stance became muddled and
although Pence has pushed for increased
border security
he called Trump's proposed ban on Muslim
immigration offensive and
unconstitutional in the end it's unclear
whether Pence is a smart addition to
Trump's ticket experts say Penn's his
staunch social conservatism could
attract moderates and independents
however his footing in Indiana in
comparative a moderate demeanor could be
just what Trump needs to win the
election so while pence might be Trump's
golden ticket how is Hillary Clinton's
running mate faring for her
just who is Tim Kaine and what kind of a
VP would he end up being find out in
this video
politically Cain is pro-choice and
boasts a perfect score from Planned
Parenthood regarding his Senate votes
personally however he opposes the
procedure citing his Catholic faith
thanks for watching seeker daily please
don't forget to Like and subscribe to
get more videos from us every day
