women in Saudi Arabia are finally taking
their place behind the wheel in
September 2017 the kingdom announced a
royal decree that would roll back the
policy that confined women to being
transported by male relatives or paying
for a driver the last ban on women
driving in the world officially ended on
June 24th 2018 when women were allowed
to enroll in driving school and be
issued driver's licenses everybody was
waiting that day to see the first woman
in industry two guys it was just an
amazing amazing feeling human rights
groups hailed it a victory for women but
some have questioned the true motives
behind the reform and whether it goes
far enough in advancing women's rights
in the kingdom I'm Alex this is now this
world and on this episode we're
discussing the lift of the driving ban
and speaking to a human rights
campaigner and a Saudi lawyer and
entrepreneur who recently got her own
license about how this move affects
women and whether more reforms are on
the horizon I did not believe it until
on the 23rd 2014 I really felt that oh
my god this is really happening and the
minute I drove my car it was my it was
8:30 according I drove to a cafe the
minute I parked my car and went in and
people started clapping so fauna Ducklin
is a Saudi social entrepreneur and one
of the kingdom's first women lawyers you
know if you ask me in in 2014 women be
able to drive I would have said I don't
think so
so having all these changes happen
be of course fitted indeed ending the
long-standing driving ban on women was
previously low on the Royal Family's
priority list that position was
solidified by some conservative clerics
who lend legitimacy to the royal family
one infamously told the local news site
in 2013 that a woman driving could quote
affect a woman's ovaries and push the
pelvis upwards he falsely claimed that
women who drive have children with quote
clinical problems of varying degrees but
things started to change after a recent
shake-up in the ruling structure in June
2017 King Salman out stood his
whew who was then next in line for the
throne and replaced him with his son
Mohammed bin Salman referred to by many
as MBS the crown prince was given
sweeping powers and tasked with
modernizing the Saudi economy and
transforming its cultural image that
included promises to return the Kingdom
to quote moderate Islam lifting the ban
on movie theaters and public concerts
and arresting dozens of princes and
ministers in an alleged anti-corruption
sweep beyond lifting the driving ban
there have been several women focused
reforms like a new rule that allows
women to join the military reportedly in
non-combat roles attend soccer games
start businesses without permission from
a man as well as his declaration in an
interview with 60 minutes that women
shouldn't necessarily have to wear the
black ABEO Sharia the laws are very
clear and stipulated in the laws of
Sharia that women were decent respectful
clothing like men buy a soda this
however does not particularly specify a
black abaya or a black head cover the
decisions is entirely left for women to
decide but beyond human rights aspect
rolling back the driving ban is also
expected to give the economy a boost one
survey of about 400 Saudi women by
recruitment firm Gulf Talent
showed that more than 80% of women plan
to drive by the end of 2018
a Bloomberg analysis found that economic
factors driven by the reform like
increased participation of women in the
workforce could contribute as much as 90
billion dollars to the kingdom's
economic output by 2030 the rollback
also opened up a slew of new job
opportunities for women including with a
popular ride hailing services uber and
Kareem which started recruiting women
drivers
after the rollback was announced in 2017
women reportedly comprised between 70
and 80 percent of the apps customer
basis some of whom say there are many
benefits to being driven by a woman
including feeling safer and generally
more supported and there's so many woman
who would plank they would
to get in the car and have like just you
know that female moment it's year
prominent figures in Western media have
hailed the 32 year old Prince as a
reformer he even landed a spot on Times
20:18 top 100 most influential people
list and 60 minutes called him a
revolutionary who is quote emancipating
women but some argue that these reforms
are just a smokescreen
they say the kingdom's economic goals to
create a self-sufficient kingdom while
weaning off oil dependency are driving
them rather than a human rights agenda
and that they're just a way for the
crown prince to consolidate power they
pointed the example that he's also been
involved in detaining those who are
outspoken on women's rights issues like
ironically the driving ban if the Crown
Prince Mohammed bin Salman and the Saudi
Arabian government were serious about
protecting women's rights and promoting
gender equality in the kingdom then
they'd need to release the women's
rights activists who remain in detention
Hadid and other human rights groups say
the activists could face up to 20 years
in prison if tried in the
counterterrorism court which some local
media have reported they will be as
recently as May and June of 2018 Saudi
authorities arrested more than a dozen
activists including some tied to a
famous 1990 demonstration in which 47
women drove through the streets of
Riyadh in protest one Saudi scholar
attributes these arrests to the kingdom
wanting to prevent activists from
speaking out about the band so that they
get all the credit rights groups are
calling on the Crown Prince to free
these activists as well as loosen up
other restrictions against women's still
in place in the kingdom like the still
mostly intact male guardianship system
under the male guardianship system in
order for adult women to do things like
open a savings account study or travel
abroad and marry they need permission
from a father brother husband uncle or
even son the system keeps Saudi women
according to Human Rights Watch as
permanent legal minors in the eyes of
the kingdom but Ducklin says it's
important to point out here the common
media narrative painting Saudi women has
universally oppressed and abused
is not representative of every Saudi
woman's experience 70 women are no
different than any women in the world
no not a single difference maybe there
are some that are going through troubles
in their marriages there are some that
are abused but there are some that are
very empowered there are some that are
very strong there are from some of the
successful indeed there's a higher
representation of women serving in the
national legislature in Saudi than even
here in the US and despite the fact that
many questioned Mohammed bin Salman
motives there are those that say it
doesn't really matter the reason reforms
that give people fundamental human
rights are still reforms thirty years
before he came scenes were very static
and you know development was very slow
slow and change was very happening
I believe that Saudi Arabia mean it a
young couragous ambitious leader to
shake things up so given the current
state of the kingdom what would you put
on MBS is to-do list next and how much
do you think he can realistically
accomplish let us know in the comments
thanks for watching now this world and
don't forget to Like and subscribe
