turkey could be on the verge of a major
shake-up to its power structure and it
all comes down to what happens to
president reg of Tayyip Erdogan hey guys
I'm Judah this is now this world and on
this episode we're looking at the life
of the man touted as the most popular
politician in Turkey who has also been
described as a power grabber
authoritarian totalitarian and
increasingly our Diwan is becoming a
Turkish dictator remember how President
o Dhawan was asking people to vote
democratically to make him a dictator
well but it wasn't always this way
toward the beginning of his time and
political leadership he was known for
more progressive reforms like bolstering
freedom of the press revamping the
national currency and promising to
spearhead turkeys membership into the
European Union but in recent years Berta
Wan has aggressively and at times
violently double down on aggregating as
much power as he can as well as what his
critics argue has been his goal all
along building a new religious turkey
from the ashes of its secular past her
once religious roots date back to his
upbringing born on February 26 1954 to a
devout Muslim working-class family he
attended a religious school designed to
Train Imams imam hotseat schools were
created under turkey's first president
and founder Mustafa Kemal atat√ºrk in
1923 after he abolished Islamic schools
or madrasahs to secure government
control over religious schooling her one
has previously spoken about the
discrimination he felt attending one of
these schools amid a secular society
that feeling stayed with him at
university early one was mentored by
Nessman teen urbe camp who would go on
to become the country's first Islamist
prime minister he joined the youth
movement of urban hands party National
Salvation which would later rebrand as
the welfare party aspiring to
reintegrate elements of religion and
spirituality and a deeply secular
Turkish society that secularism was a
result of Ataturk's rule who created
modern Turkey from the ruins of the
Ottoman Empire in although Ataturk
initially implemented progressive
reforms his firm belief in separation of
church and state led to the banning of
religious based clothing like the hijab
mosques were put under state control and
Islam was removed from the Constitution
as the state
religion this caused some of the
country's majority Muslim population to
feel isolated Ataturk died in 1938 in a
series of military cruise from 1960 to
1997 followed the military acted as
protectors of the legacy of the father
of modern Turkey especially when it came
to secularism the military intervened
under the guise of restoring order
several times in the country saw several
periods of military rule violent clashes
between parties as well as executions
and brutal arrests decades of political
chaos left the economy weak and faith in
government even weaker meanwhile in 1994
our Diwan was elected mayor of Istanbul
many scholars and journalists alike
referred to him as the first Islamist
mayor of Turkey and he was pretty
popular blending transparent and open
leadership with the implementation of
religious policies he cleaned up the
streets restored fresh water supplies
and even reportedly created an open-door
policy at City Hall giving out his
personal email address he didn't quite
advocate to overhaul the entire secular
system but he did refer to himself as
the Imam of Istanbul promised to build a
mosque in the city center and ban
alcohol from government buildings but he
painted the steady move away from
secularism as something driven by the
people rather than his own beliefs
genius
then in 1997 he pushed the envelope a
bit too far for the military at a rally
he read a religious poem which got him
arrested for allegedly inciting hatred
he was sentenced to 10 months in jail of
which he served for in some argue that
his stand behind bars made him even more
popular with his supporters and even his
critics thousands protested the
sentencing which included Iran being
barred for life from public office that
didn't last long after being released
from jail
Irwin co-founded the party that he
continues to lead today the Justice and
Development Party also known as the
Akbar tea likely having learned lessons
from his jail time and the ousting of
his former mentor Burdwan loosened up a
bit he moved away from anti Western
tendencies and advocated for turkeys
admission to the EU in 2002 the Akbar
tea won a sweeping majority in
parliament the first single party
majority in 15 years and soon after
Parliament reverse earth once lifetime
ban in political office he was appointed
prime minister in March 2003 and
reportedly promised not to interfere
with anyone's way of life the country
was seemingly on a path to democracy he
enacted political reforms like reducing
the military's power over government the
EU even extended an offer to begin
negotiations for membership in 2004 on
the condition that specific political
reforms were met economic reforms
resulted in a booming GDP but some
experts say it was nothing more than a
facade
things started to change in 2007 when
the military made a public statement
promising to protect Turkey secularism
and expressing opposition to the beliefs
of presidential candidate and acha party
co-founder Abdullah cool
Irwin responded to this challenge to his
authority with a call for early
elections confident his party would
prevail and they did the party won two
consecutive national election victories
in 2007 in 2011 another threat to
Irwin's power came in 2013 when his
government was being investigated for
corruption a few of her diwan's
confidants and top ministers had to
resign and on their way out some called
for him to resign also the corruption
investigation involved officials accused
of taking millions of dollars in bribes
to approve unregulated construction
projects which Iran denounced as an
effort to delegitimize his government
blaming a religious leader he previously
been aligned with that's allowed Gulen
erawan overhauled the judiciary
reassigning more than 100 judges and
prosecutors many of whom were Gulen
supporters and tighten his grip over the
military
around this time protesters started
organizing calling on earth want to
resign and calling attention to alleged
bribery the government cracked down on
dissent jailing protesters people who
criticized Iran on social media and
journalists then in August 2014 in an
effort to further consolidate his power
or Diwan moved from prime minister to
president of Turkey historically the
role of president had been mostly
ceremonial but er de Wong essentially
absorbed the power of the Prime
Minister's position into his new office
as well he started using religion as a
means to implement his conservative
policies declaring that Islam defines a
woman's primary role as a mother and
that women and men can't be treated
equally because it goes against quote
the laws of nature he restricted alcohol
and abortions and started closing
private schools converting some into
religious Imam hatif institutions or
building new ones entirely then in 2016
tensions culminated in a failed coup
attempt to overthrow or Dewan the night
became a bloodbath with 241 people
killed in over 2,000 others injured or
Wonsan a mass text
asking ordinary citizens to band
together with a military and fight the
coup with the help of tanks and Turkish
fighter jets they overcame the
opposition he was merciless in his
attempt to hold those who challenged his
authority accountable or Diwan blamed
the coup on Gulen saying it was his
attempt to build his own dictatorship
and arrested tens of thousands of people
suspected of being linked to the Muslim
cleric and in 2017 he took the power
grab even further narrowly winning a
referendum that created an executive
presidency dispense with the role of
Prime Minister and could provide a path
for him to rule until 2029 human rights
groups argue that these elections
haven't been free nor fair so where does
this leave us now April 2018 heard one
called for snap parliamentary and
presidential elections in June a
whopping 18 months early why according
to critics because he thinks he has a
way better shot at winning an erdowan
has promised to in the state of
emergency imposed on the country in 2016
after the coup attempt if he does take
home the victory if no candidate wins
over 50 percent of the presidential vote
the top two will go head-to-head in a
second round on July 8th and we'll be
watching that closely so what do you
think are you ready to see an opposition
victory in Turkey and what aspect of the
selection should we cover next leave
your thoughts in the comments below
thanks for watching now this world and
don't forget to Like and subscribe
