on May 17th 2018 Burundians will head to
the polls to vote in a national
constitutional referendum a vote that
could lead to the rollback of decades of
peacebuilding work threatened democracy
and potentially create the conditions
where armed conflict might arise in the
country once again president Pierre new
quran's Issa has led Burundi since the
end of its civil war in 2005 as he
approaches the last few years of his
final term in office he's now seeking
changes to the Constitution that would
allow him to stay in office until 2034
I'm Judah this is now this world and in
today's episode we're looking back at
the nation's troubled past it's peace
building successes after war and the
president that could jeopardize it all
first we need to look back at the
country's history Burundi is located in
the Great Lakes region of East Africa
it's home to more than 11 million people
the majority of whom are ethnically who
- but Burundi also is home to a
substantial minority Tutsi population
since gaining independence in 1962 the
small country has experienced waves of
mass violence and massacres from
Independence to the early 90s the
minority Tutsis control the military run
government often resorting to violent
and repressive measures to govern over
the majority Hutu population but there
was some political progress in 1992 when
the nation formed a new constitution in
1993 the nation elected its first
democratically elected president
Melchior andhave it marked the end of
the Tutsi controlled military rule and
set in place a pro Hutu government but
it wouldn't last for long just months
into his presidency Tutsi soldiers
assassinated President andhave
catapulting the nation into a brutal
civil war that would last for 12 years
and claimed the lives of about 300,000
for running
after years of robust diplomacy in
negotiations which experts say average
Burundian citizens played an
instrumental role combatants signed a
historic peace agreement in 2000 called
the Arusha Accords the agreement set up
a number of peacekeeping mechanisms top
of that list is ethnic quotas for power
sharing and government the military and
political parties it also stipulated to
five-year presidential term limits those
stipulations were central to the 2005
creation of the country's new
constitution that same year piernas
currents Iza became president when he
was elected by Parliament but despite
the success of inter-community
reconciliation during peacetime the
democratic institutions that forms its
foundations are now in jeopardy
the current Constitution stipulates
based on the Arusha Accords that a
president can only serve up to two
five-year terms but new currents ISA
found a loophole in 2015 and argued that
his first term as president didn't
officially count since he was elected by
Parliament and not by the general public
at the time he won a third term that
will expire in 2020 many argued that the
move was unconstitutional and the unrest
that followed sparked protests and
violent clashes in 2015 as new currents
eases last year's and his final term in
office approached he called on the
nation to help him stay in office by
voting to change part of the
constitution that was a core mechanism
in the Arusha Accords term limits the
proposed referendum would change term
limits from two five-year terms to two
seven-year terms but here's the catch
all previous term served won't count if
the measure passes meaning new Carranza
could potentially stay in office until
2034 I spoke to Human Rights Watch
senior researcher Louis Mudge about what
this vote could mean for democracy in
Burundi it is a it is an absolute threat
to democracy and
I dare say that once this referendum
passes and once in currencies
wins again in 2020 we shouldn't be
speaking in terms of a Burundi being a
democracy it will cease to be that that
type of democracy which it's been since
the Arusha Accords it's important to
point out that while Burundi became a
democracy it hasn't been a perfect
democracy corruption continues to be a
problem in the country press freedom has
come under attack with journalists being
arbitrarily arrested and harassed in
international media being banned from
the country ahead of the referendum and
elections continue to lack legitimate
competition but despite this new
currencies ax continues to be a pretty
popular leader of Burundi since becoming
president
he's implemented a number of social
welfare programs including one aimed at
poverty reduction a big deal for the
nation that consistently ranks among the
poorest in the world despite his
popularity among some opposition figures
who speak out against his rule are
either fleeing the country or are
disappearing and turning up dead
according to Human Rights Watch what is
worrying is the hundreds and thousands
of people who have fled the country
since 2015
most of them fleeing because of the
violence that has been either reflected
upon them or because of the violence
that they fear and when you have
hundreds of thousands of people in very
very difficult conditions in
displacement camps or refugee camps
scattered around the region that is a
perfect recruiting ground for these
types of groups and so and so that's
that's that's terribly concerning
because nobody wants to see Burundi move
into a violent context a more my own
context of what we have today
this alleged targeting of opposition
figures and the lack of a peaceful
political way forward for these groups
has some concerned of what this could
mean for peace and stability moving
forward now that this referendum is all
but sure to pass experts say we need to
keep an eye on how opposition groups
respond to its implementation and that
is something we'll continue to monitor
here at now this world
