South Korea is in the global spotlight
as they host this year's Winter Olympics
but other than the game's most
international news coverage of South
Korea often focuses on the tensions
between the country and its nuclear
neighbor to the north but what would you
say if I told you that most South
Koreans are actually more concerned
about their economy than they are about
North Korea hey guys I'm Judah and
you're watching now this world when I
was in South Korea last year I was
shocked to find out that some of their
subway stations also doubled as bomb
shelters at first it made me think that
the threat of nuclear war must be on
everyone's mind all the time but that's
not actually the case so that got us
thinking what is life really like in
South Korea the country is located on
the southern portion of you guessed it
the Korean Peninsula
it's an incredibly homogeneous society
with most of its over 51 million
citizens being ethnically Korean the
vast majority of those people also live
in close proximity to one another the
country is so densely populated that on
average there are more than 300
inhabitants per square kilometer of land
South Korea is also going through some
dramatic shifts in its demographics in
fact it's birth rate has declined to
record lows in recent years in the
country now has more younger people with
an older people for the first time in
history this decrease in Koreans of
working age could have a great impact on
Asia's fourth-largest economy
still South Korea is one of the most
prosperous countries in the world with a
pretty high standard of living the
country ranks above the average and
housing civic engagement and education
that has a GDP per capita of over 27,000
u.s. dollars and it also has one of the
lowest levels of income inequality in
the world and not only do South Koreans
make more money on average but they also
put that money to good use
South Koreans spend more than most
countries on education and way less on
things like home furnishings like in
much of the world soccer is an extremely
popular sport in South Korea both
playing and for watching eSports are
also proving to be a fast emerging
pastime for many South Koreans even
surfing is popular television and web
surfing that is another aspects of
social life religion seems to be on the
decline in South Korea
most people now consider themselves
non-religious yet there still is a
significant number of Protestants and
Buddhists in the country the country
also has a rich cuisine culture
fermented foods are really popular with
soy bean paste and soy sauce playing
essential roles in Korean cooking a red
chili paste known as gochujang is also a
widely used condiment and of course we
can't forget about kimchi the spicy
fermented vegetable dish that is a
staple in the Korean diet and more often
than not these dishes are washed down
with a glass of the alcoholic beverage
soju which brings us to our next point
the country's drinking culture according
to the marketing research firm
Euromonitor International in 2016 South
Koreans on average consumed 14 shots of
hard liquor per week meaning they
consumed the most hard liquor than any
other nation in the world
alcohol is widely seen as a necessary
tool to succeed in business and also to
unwind from working long hours
reportedly South Korea has more
alcoholics than any other country on
earth and the government spends about 20
billion dollars per year on alcohol
related costs another trend in the
country is going under the knife it's
estimated that South Korea has the
highest per capita rate of cosmetic
surgery in the world one poll even found
that one in three women between the age
of 19 and 20
I said they have had plastic surgery and
four men about one in five of them have
also had worked on in the most popular
procedure the so called double eyelid
surgery which makes one's eyes bigger
and provides a more stereotypically
Western appearance worrying about things
like cosmetic surgery may seem odd to
outsiders
especially as tensions remain high with
North Korea but in addition to looking
good South Koreans crave normalcy and
are generally united by the feeling that
they're too busy to really care about
missile threats in fact more than half
of South Koreans said in a recent poll
that they don't really think another war
will break out on the Korean Peninsula
so while the world focuses attention on
the diplomacy surrounding the Winter
Games in South Korea people are probably
still eating kimchi drinking soju and
going about their daily buys like they
always do so we saw in this episode that
global perceptions including my own of
how people live in certain countries can
often be ill informed and just downright
wrong so what are some other places
you'd like us to look into next let me
know in the comments below thanks for
watching out of this world and please
don't forget to Like and subscribe for
more every week
