the President of the United States
Donald Trump made an historic
announcement on December 6 2017 that
upended decades of US foreign policy in
the Middle East today we finally
acknowledge the obvious that Jerusalem
is Israel's capital this is nothing more
or less than a recognition of reality it
is also the right thing to do this sent
a shock wave throughout the world and
could have potentially damaging results
for the israeli-palestinian peace
process but why is the city so important
and what if anything does this policy
move actually change we first need to
look at the history of the city
Jerusalem is one of the oldest cities in
the world and one that holds deep
religious and cultural significance for
many people
Jerusalem is home to the third holiest
site in the Islamic faith the al-aqsa
mosque where the Prophet Mohammed
allegedly ascended into heaven in
Judaism it's home to the religion
holiest site where the holy temple once
stood in the western wall still stands
in in Christianity the city is where
Jesus was crucified and allegedly
resurrected all of these sites are in a
very small portion of Jerusalem called
the old city the city has been conquered
destroyed and rebuilt time after time
throughout history and as at the center
of the decades-long palestinian-israeli
conflict after the 1948 arab-israeli war
an armistice was signed that divided the
city in half
Israel controlled the West and Jordan
controlled the East but in 1967 during
the six-day war Israel seized control of
the East Jerusalem and still occupies
that territory today the argument about
who should control what parts of the
city is still one of the most hotly
contested issues in the peace
negotiations but what happens when one
of the key mediators in the negotiations
takes a step that seems to favor one
side over the other that brings us to
the announcement by the Trump
administration and why it matters that
was the first time a sitting US
president formally recognized the
disputed city as Israel's capital since
its creation in 1948 Jerusalem has
always served as Israel's - facto
capital but because of the city's
disputed status many nations don't
recognize it as such and have deferred
to have their embassies located in Tel
Aviv
instead Trump also said that would
change and the US would eventually move
its embassy from Tel Aviv
to Jerusalem it is important to note
however that he didn't call Jerusalem
Israel's undivided capital despite this
and even saying in his speech that the
US is still interested in a peace deal
that would be good for both Israelis and
Palestinians he said little to ease the
concerns of Palestinians over the future
of East Jerusalem where they want their
capital to be but why is it such a big
deal if the u.s. takes aside in the
first place it's because for decades the
United States has been one of the chief
mediators in the peace process and by
making this move and essentially deal
ajith mises the USS role as an impartial
arbiter in the conflict and that's
probably why the reaction to his speech
has been so intense around the world
protests sprung up around the Arab and
Muslim world as regional leaders warned
that the move could have devastating
consequences Jordan's King Abdullah a
key US ally in the region said he even
warned Trump before making his speech
that he could incite violence threaten
peace and have dangerous repercussions
for stability throughout the entire
Middle East he's not the only one to
voice his opposition a bloc of fifty
seven nations with large Muslim
populations came together to condemn the
move as well as European leaders like
French president Emmanuel macron but the
most damning response came from the
Palestinian President himself calling
for the UN to remove the US as the key
mediator in the peace process as
protests and condemnation from around
the world continue to come in against
this policy shift we'll just have to
wait and see what this all means for the
peace process president Trump's
announcement isn't the only thing that
could set back the peace process
Palestinians have struggled to unify
themselves for years but what could a
unify Palestine mean for peace find out
in this video to the right thanks for
checking out now this world and as
always don't forget to Like and
subscribe for more episodes every week
