North Korea is considered to be one of
the worst countries in the world to live
in over the past half-century hundreds
of thousands of people have reportedly
escaped North Korea in spite of the
extreme danger and repercussions should
they be caught so we wanted to know how
exactly can someone escape from North
Korea well undoubtedly it is not easy
North Korea's borders are very well
guarded in neighbor South Korea China
and Russia on the South Korean side is
the famous DMZ or demilitarized zone
this is a 160 mile long and 2.5 mile
wide heavily guarded bordered with
barbed wire fences active land mines
guard outposts and soldiers on both
sides crossing into South Korea over the
DMZ is almost impossible for civilians
and inherently deadly almost exclusively
soldiers have been the ones to defect
across the border just in November 2017
a North Korean soldier attempted to flee
was shot at 40 times as of the filming
of this episode he was on life support
in a South Korean hospital and may not
survive however those that do make it
into the country are sheltered by the
South Korean government defectors are
even provided assistance in terms of
financial aid and housing as well as
education and treated as refugees and
South Korean citizens on the other side
of the country as China which is one of
North Korea's few allies the china-north
Korea border is much less heavily
guarded and is often the preferred route
for defectors the Yalu River and the
Tumen River cover much of the border and
have large gaps in security over the
past 20 years nearly 30,000 people have
crossed these rivers into China however
this method while easier is not nearly
as effective ones on the other side
unlike South Korea China does not
welcome North Korean refugees and it
considers them illegal economic migrants
in fact China is known to send refugees
back to North Korea where they are
imprisoned punished and by many accounts
lightly tortured it is common for North
Korean defectors to travel through China
and to other countries that are less
likely to send them back such as
Thailand however this requires crossing
Vietnam Myanmar and Laos all of which
are likely to deport North Korean my
another major difficulty crossing into
either China or South Korea is that it's
incredibly expensive especially for
those stuck in poverty other options for
escape necessitate taking a boat from
either the western or eastern portions
of the country to Japan or South Korea
however this route is incredibly
dangerous as the seas are patrolled by
the North Korean Navy surprisingly some
defectors have even managed to swim the
distance between North Korea and South
Korea but one final method is even more
rare many North Koreans are sent to
labor camps in other countries
particularly Russia it was estimated in
2006 that roughly 10,000 North Koreans
live in eastern Russia many who are
believed to escape from these camps
despite intense security but no matter
how a North Korean defector makes it out
of the country the ordeal is far from
over those who leave risk hurting their
families back home as punishment and to
serve as a deterrent the North Korean
government often imprisons the families
of defectors forcing them into hard
labor and extremely harsh and
unforgiving conditions in short escaping
North Korea is difficult dangerous
expensive and isn't over even after
making it to safety so just how bad are
conditions in North Korea that so many
people want to escape find out what life
is really like by watching this video to
the right thanks for watching now this
world and don't forget to Like and
subscribe for more episodes like this
every week
