in November 2015 Isis staged a
coordinated terror attack in Paris
killing 130 people and injuring more
than 350 that month media coverage of
Isis was at an all-time high but over
the last two years in spite of the group
continuously taking credit for terror
attacks around the world they've
garnered less and less media attention
so what exactly happened to Isis and why
don't we hear about them as much as we
used to well first and foremost Isis is
losing both regionally and globally at
its peak in late 2015
it held control of major portions of
western Iraq and eastern Syria covering
as many as 8 million people at the time
accounts of their implementation of
strict Islamic law made it appear that
they had successfully established
control over their territory reports
stated that through stolen oil
archaeological artifacts human
trafficking and kidnapping ransoms their
income was estimated at over 1 billion
dollars a year but in the aftermath of
the Paris terror attacks US French and
Russian led forces stepped up their
offensive against the terror group
coalition airstrikes have decimated
their military capabilities additionally
Iraqi troops have been successfully
taking back captured territory alongside
Kurdish and Western Allied forces one
major turning point in the fight against
Isis was in the Iraqi city of Mosul
after being overrun in mid-2014 Mosul
became the de facto Isis capital and a
symbol of the group's military prowess
but after a three-year counter-offensive
by the Iraqi military Isis forces were
driven out in the Battle of the Mosel
with one Iraqi military commander
pegging the death toll for Isis a
roughly 25,000 fighters this major
victory by coalition forces has had
far-reaching repercussions and is seen
as a death blow to the terror group in
the last two years
Isis has seen its land holdings collapse
with security analysts estimating a 60%
drop in territory since January 2015
besides losing oil-rich Mosul the group
has also lost territory in their Syrian
strongholds of Raqqa and Homs all three
cities once contributed heavily to their
stolen oil revenue which
dropped by nearly 90 percent this
massive lawson resources has demoralized
the group's members huge numbers of
foreign fighters are now fleeing into
turkey to escape the brutal regime in
addition to losing the global and
domestic fight for dominance media
coverage of the group has dwindled
somewhat intentionally Isis has used
mass media as a propaganda tool to
spread their message and recruit which
is why a large number of outlets have
stopped publishing the group's stylized
videos in recent years newspapers in
countries like France have even stopped
using images of Isis terrorists
following attacks and they've refused to
say their names on the radio after
losing territory financial stability
population and military ability as well
as a concentrated effort by the media to
cover victims of the terror attacks
rather than the attackers themselves
Isis has become less of a focal point
and more of a symbol of defeat in a
larger global fight against terrorism
but on a global scale
Isis is not the only terrorist group
causing both loss of life and a threat
to global stability to learn about
another group that rivals Isis in death
count watch this video thanks for
checking out now this world don't forget
to Like and subscribe for more videos
like this every week
