so I got caught off-guard by something
recently it has to do with the 13th
amendment to the Constitution which
abolished slavery the amendment reads in
part neither slavery nor involuntary
servitude except as a punishment for
crime shall exist within the United
States all of that made perfect sense to
me
- is one part except as a punishment for
crime basically that says you can punish
a criminal with slavery and we do all
over the country all the time it's
called prison labor we're all sort of
familiar with the idea
prisoners making license plates is the
classic example but that is the tip of
the iceberg across the country convicts
do work and carpentry sewing my
packaging fire fighting telemarketing
fish farming and artisanal cheese-making
that last one is why this is back in the
news foods took some flak for selling
felon made cheese and at a pretty hefty
markup now according to the American
Civil Liberties Union this isn't
inherently a problem most prisoners want
to work and jobs for prisoners can be a
very positive thing that's David spocky
from the ACL u--'s national prison
project but given the bath power
inequality between prisoners and their
employers there's also a real potential
for exploitation and abuse that
potential is grounded in the fact that
this really is slave labor inmates can
be forced to work as long as they're
deemed fit and can be punished if they
don't including in some cases with
solitary confinement and then there's
the question of money we don't have to
pay prisoners a dime for the work
some states do require that prisoners
are paid but courts have consistently
ruled that any pay is quote by the grace
of the state in other words the city
nice meaning more broadly that prisoners
are highly vulnerable prisoners can't
unionize if they're injured or killed on
the job and most states are not
protected by workers compensation so all
of this creates a situation where the
usual checks on employer exploitation
and abuse simply don't operate this all
means that there's no consistency and
what prisoners are paid for those cheese
wheels and telemarketing calls pay
scales range from nothing to around the
federal minimum wage but many are paid
under a dollar an hour and that can give
the state what foggy calls a perverse
incentive keep the prison population
high last year when California was
ordered to release some prisoners to
relieve overcrowding the state actually
argued against it on the ground that it
would reduce the state's access to
prisoner labor things get more
uncomfortable when you consider that
America does not have a great track
record when it comes to prison labor
after the Civil War southern states
struggled with a sudden lack of slave
labor thanks to the Thirteenth Amendment
and their solution in part was to use
that same clause except as a punishment
for crime as a loophole many states
passed broadly racist vagrancy laws that
allowed authorities to pick up blacks on
charges like loitering imprison them
when they couldn't pay fines and lease
them out on mass to places like
plantations in other words the south got
its slaves back this system of convict
leasing wasn't totally abolished until
back here in 2015 though what are we
supposed to think about prison labor
prisoners are treated light-years better
today whether they're working or not but
there are also so many more of them our
prison system has exploded since the
1980s giving America far and away the
biggest prisoner population in the world
and that population is racially skewed
in the extreme around 40% of prisoners
are black even though only about 13% of
the country is overall the Thirteenth
Amendment the abolition of slavery that
happened 150 years ago and now 150 years
later we have this prison system instead
and according to david foggy we should
think hard about why we do the purpose
of incarceration should be to protect
public safety not to provide a captive
labor force for the government
