more effective than drones or thermal
optics a group known as the black mambas
were recently awarded as the UN's
champions of the earth they protect
wildlife from dangerous poachers within
one of Africa's largest game reserve
Kruger National Park the group doesn't
use any weapons and they're women
they're the type of woman to do that
kind of job that's a man's job
so because I think about it I'll prove
them wrong I added you to make this the
most undesirable and unprofitable and
most uncomfortable place to poach so the
mummer's will detect them quickly and
chase and put what we call a disruptive
up in answer to purchase the runaway and
just don't get close to the runner the
black numbers were created after the
reserve lost 19 rhinos in a period of
only a few months the black mamba
anti-poaching unit was first founded in
2013 snaring drops 97% in the first year
in this region their first 13 months of
operation we didn't lose a single Rhino
throughout the reserve so even for today
in 2016 has dropped by 56% Craig Spencer
was in favor of a model that did not
entirely rely on weapons or violence
it's like the British policing model
with and bobbies on the beat we needed
people that walk to beat every single
day so they develop the sort of
institutional memory accorded everybody
must know then people must feel
comfortable to approach them and give
them information often questions about
things women are in my opinion much
better at that and because they they
observe so we've got the ranges that are
the boots on the ground who are also
listening one are doing face patrol if
we can hear anything suspicious or
related to the project and developers
outside the reserves that are working
with the minerals when we do sleepy
while reinforced nails
take and put a scare who are following
free space at least up to fresh mares
that control any enema so if they find a
problem they will put it on the radio to
the operations room and they'll take the
next step further either to call in an
armed unit or just to notify the
supervisors new members of the black
numbers begin with four weeks of
intensive training on arrest procedures
spotting tracks searching vehicles and
more during that four weeks they'll also
spend a week learning how to act if they
walk into a Lionel or walk into an
elephant and what to do to keep
themselves safe and then at the end of
that four weeks later a two-week
paramilitary course determing was so
much higher because itself I patient I
strong do enter in Parliament and that
was one of the motivations for Layden to
become a black mamba as a patrolling
officer for the past two years she
believes that their success is reshaping
roles for women in communities where job
opportunities can be limited all the
numbers are between the ages of 20 and
30 and then they're often that local
communities and villages surrounding
believe you might uses the majority have
been when they first arrived the very
shine didn't really speak out much after
the time that they spent with us and
doing the job there their confidence
levels of actually skyrocketed this job
just we how to take your money how to
behave when our women waiting for us all
looking blue in local forest desorption
one of the fundamental goals of the
black mambas program is more than just
protecting it's also about educating and
changing the community's attitude about
wildlife the way my father is the black
number two education officer he works
with the nearby communities we bring in
the black members into the classroom
live I mean the learners about what they
do in
they don't know of that row of animals
in the environment they don't know
animals boost our economy with what Dana
is those animals all of them ready to
kill them and for me it allowed me to
say no not like that they have an
important job and we need your guys to
help us to save these animals the
greater Kruger National Park is 3
million hectares in total this is how
unique treasure this is our lose people
from around the world visiting enshrined
in six years we want to leave that and
we want the people on the boundary that
we had to feel that as well it was one
house the 150 about house he was the one
who says in front of everyone that with
Acura I want to be like you because you
teach us to look after an environment
