for most of the world its 2017
but in North Korea it's currently the
Year 106 that's because the country
follows what's called the Jew che
calendar which starts at the birth of
its first leader Kim il-sung this is not
the only way North Korea is separated
from the rest of the world its
population of an estimated 25 million
people does not have access to foreign
TV or internet and cannot leave the
country without States permission its
isolationism has been strictly enforced
by a succession of leaders Kim Il Sung
Kim jong-il and today Kim jong-un
but these sentiments stem back well
before the Kim dynasty before North
Korea was even a country North Korea's
closed off legacy actually begins in the
14th century in China which had strong
cultural and political influence over
the Korean Peninsula at this time China
was ushering in a new era of
isolationism and withdrawing from
foreign trade and travel many historians
believe this was the byproduct of an
increasingly popular philosophy called
neo-confucianism which strongly
advocated for ethnocentrism and
reclusiveness this coupled with multiple
attempted invasions by Japan over the
following centuries led to a strict
adherence to isolationism in the 19th
century Western powers reached out to
the Korean Peninsula for trade with no
success around the Year 1866 an American
ship attempted to forge trade ties which
were unilaterally refused
in response the Americans allegedly took
local officials hostage starting a
bloody battle with many deaths on both
sides just months later the French
attempted an invasion of the peninsula
which also failed and ended in violence
by this point Korean leaders concluded
that foreign powers and influence should
be banned under all circumstances as one
of the few regions Western powers were
completely unable to infiltrate Korea
earned its nickname the Hermit Kingdom
in the aftermath of World War two and
the split between North and South Korea
the North maintained this policy of
exclusion while the South allied with
Western powers
North Korea's first leader Kim il-sung
went on to develop a new isolationist
ideology based loosely on Marxism called
duche literally translating to
self-reliance the idea was that North
Korea must be politically militarily and
economically
independent while keeping a high degree
of national and ethnic pride a number of
events in the late 20th century closed
North Korea off even further
it's principal ally the Soviet Union
collapsed in 1991 while its other
largest ally China forged closer ties
with the West
it's then leader Kim jong-il choose to
withdraw from the global community
rather than compromise but after
centuries of isolation current leader
Kim jong-un has loosened some of the
country's restrictions foreign tourism
is on the rise and a Western news outlet
was allowed to set up a bureau in the
capital of Pyongyang that said ending
North Korea's reclusion altogether would
take a revolution but in light of its
history the country will likely remain
on its own for years to come despite
being the most closed off nation in the
world North Korea still has a handful of
diplomatic ties to find out more about
its allies check out this video thanks
for watching seeker daily don't forget
to Like and subscribe for new videos
every day
