in the middle of Southwest Bolivia sits
the world's largest salt flat salar de
uyuni for thousands of miles there's
almost no development or vegetation just
salt throughout history salar de uyuni
has been little more than a popular
destination for tourists and
photographers attracted to its endlessly
white landscape however in the late
1980s everything changed and it seemed
as if the entire world wanted a piece of
this salt flat that's because bolivia
salar de uyuni contains millions of
tonnes of lithium reserves the demand
for this resource has skyrocketed over
the last few decades after it was
discovered to be an efficient way to
build batteries compared to other
materials lithium can store lots of
power in a tiny space making it ideal
for cellphones laptops and electric or
hybrid cars this would seemingly be a
boon for Bolivia a country that is both
South America's poorest in per capital
wealth but richest in lithium Bolivia is
by far the largest part of the so called
lithium triangle a collection of salt
flats that also stretches over
neighboring Chile and Argentina these
two countries have seen huge financial
benefits from lithium extraction in the
summer of 2016 one Argentina based
contractor sold the resource for $20,000
a tonne double its usual price these
companies have also brought jobs to
local indigenous communities at the same
Argentinian firm more than half of the
employees are indigenous people but big
business comes with major drawbacks
mining sites pollute the air and
contribute to global warming and
extracting the resource requires as much
as 500,000 gallons of water per ton of
lithium in Chile and Argentina water
shortages already exist in many mining
areas and local communities worried that
extraction will eventually run the
region completely dry
beyond pollution and drought no one is
certain what the long-term effects of
lithium mining will be many indigenous
people fear that when the salt flats
eventually run out of lithium local
communities will be left with nothing no
jobs no water no resource rich land
seeing these and other potential
disadvantages Bolivia socialist
President Evo Morales was initially
resistant to allowing exploitation of
lithium by foreign companies Morales who
himself is indigenous has said if any
mining were to occur at salar de uyuni
it would be completely controlled by the
state and would
only benefit local communities the
president even added a provision to the
Bolivian Constitution that could give
indigenous people control over their
lithium bearing territories however
seeing the benefits mining has brought
to other parts of the lithium triangle
Morales has begun to loosen his grip the
Bolivian government says it will invest
nearly a billion dollars in the lithium
industry over the course of three years
it recently signed a mining contract
with the German company and in 2016
exported its first batch of lithium to
China
Morales has assured Bolivians that
lithium extraction will be a net benefit
for the country including indigenous
communities but many still worry that
the mining operations will usher in some
of the same problems that have occurred
in other parts of the lithium triangle
not to mention other parts of Bolivia
Morales made similar promises regarding
oil drilling in the country's
environmentally protected areas in 2015
amid widespread protests the president
opened up the Amazon to private
businesses claiming it would bring
development to impoverished communities
experts say only about 1% of those
profits have actually gone back into
local investments this is the resource
paradox that ostensibly every country on
Earth faces forgo millions of dollars or
drill and live with the consequences a
similar debate is going on in other
parts of the world right now with gold
to find out more about the effects of
gold mining on local communities check
out this video thanks for watching
seeker daily don't forget to Like and
subscribe for new videos
you
