for its 100th birthday Norway wanted to
give Finland a gift the peak of a
mountain
although the gesture turned out to be
unconstitutional it saw overwhelming
popular support attracting tens of
thousands of Facebook Likes on both
sides of the border
but there was one group that wasn't so
excited the Sami this indigenous
community has lived across parts of what
is today Norway Sweden Finland and
Russia for thousands of years to them
the border gift was just another
encroachment on land that is rightfully
theirs sami lands cover multiple borders
causing them endless legal problems but
border disputes are just one of the many
challenges facing sami communities the
population which is estimated to be
around 70,000 has for centuries endured
marginalization federal land grabbing an
outright racial discrimination not to
mention harsh winters but today sami
people are confronting a force that
could have far more dire consequences
climate change the Arctic which includes
the Sami region is warming more than
twice as fast as the rest of the planet
2016 saw the lowest levels of Arctic ice
in at least the last 40 years for Sami
communities this is a big problem as ice
continues to melt plants and other food
sources die off and worst of all the
reindeer population declines
Masami based their entire livelihood on
reindeer even the sami word for herd as
the same route as their word for life
some Nordic region's grant the Sami
exclusive legal rights to use the
protected animal for food shelter and
transportation Sami people wear reindeer
leather clothes and live in reindeer
skin homes reindeer racing is a staple
at Sami festivals but the warmer
temperatures are threatening the Sami
reindeer relationship shorter winters
mean more rain and less snow and this
extra precipitation creates a wall of
ice blocking reindeer from the plants
they need to survive starvation and
accidental deaths have decreased
reindeer populations by roughly 40% in
one study the reindeer that have
survived tend to be malnourished and are
as a result smaller scientists found
that the average adult reindeer in 2010
was 15 pounds lighter than it was in
1994 thankfully the Sami people are
excellent at adapting the community has
an intimate relationship with nature
which serves not only as its livelihood
but the foundation of its culture and
spirituality in response to climate
for instance they've been able to keep
some reindeer safe by mapping snow
stability for hurting even commercial
efforts to bring roads and pipelines far
north rely on Sami knowledge of the area
to build safely and preserve the natural
wildlife and international organizations
like the Arctic Council have looked to
the Sami people as a model for climate
change adaption as the effects of
climate change continue to surface
around the world there is a lot to be
learned from the Sami community people
around the world are feeling the effects
of climate change nations bordering the
Pacific Ocean have been completely
destroyed by winds and tides so what
happens to the people who live there
find out in this video I have seen
villages completely destroyed by strong
winds and huge storm surges people have
lost their lives and communities have
been displaced from places where their
families have lived for generations
thanks for watching seeker daily please
make sure to LIKE and subscribe for new
videos every day
