after a year of dramatic referendums and
political upsets it's clear that 2017
will be a serious change of pace for the
Western world the five largest Western
economies being the United States the
United Kingdom Germany France and Italy
have all seen big changes in their
governments within the last year and
only one member Germany has any chance
of keeping its current leader so who
exactly are the new Western leaders of
2017 well first let's take a look at who
is leaving their role as head of
government in the United Kingdom a
referendum to separate from the European
Union passed causing Prime Minister
David Cameron to step down after
supporting the effort to stay the United
States has seen a dramatic shift of
ideology from Democratic President
Barack Obama to Republican Donald Trump
in the 2016 election in France current
president Francois Hollande has said he
will not seek reelection in 2017
following his tenure as one of the most
unpopular presidents in French history
and in Italy Prime Minister Matteo Renzi
tendered his resignation after a
referendum on consolidating power and
government didn't pass even German
Chancellor Angela Merkel is seeing some
of her lowest approval ratings in five
years at around 45% this sweeping change
in the highest reaches of global
politics reflects one ongoing theme
populism many of the newest leaders or
potential leaders are either further
right than their predecessors or rapid
departures from the past few years of
rule the new UK prime minister Theresa
May is of the Conservative Party just
like Cameron however she did not push as
hard to stay in the EU and is considered
anti-immigration with her administration
floating plans to force companies to
create lists of foreign workers in their
employ an idea which some are calling
racist in the United States
president-elect Donald Trump is
supported by the growing alt-right which
has been associated with white supremacy
and even fascist sentiments while French
president Hollande of the Socialist
Party has not yet left office the
primary opposition front-runner for the
April 2017 election is center-right
leanin Francois Fiona who has been
described as the right of the right
polling behind vo is marine lepen leader
of the National Front a nationalist
anti-immigration party that has been
called racist and anti-semitic as for
Italy the new Prime
minister paolo gentiloni is of the same
Democratic Party as the former PM the
country will likely see a new election
in or before 2018 the failure of the
referendum that out stood Renzi pointed
to the growing popularity of the five
star movement a populist
anti-establishment eurosceptic party
which has said is neither left nor right
wing still the party's presence and
success is a strong deviation from
traditional Italian politics but there
are still parts of the world where the
opposite is happening Austria for
example will see a new left-leaning
candidate as president alexander van der
Belen after years of centrist rule his
defeated opponent Norbert Hoffer is
considered a far-right nationalist and
has said that Islam has no place in
Austria and that the country would hold
a referendum on independence if Turkey
was allowed into the EU Austrian voters
rejected this narrative in what has been
called a heavy defeat of nationalism and
anti European backward-looking populism
still for most major Western powers 2016
saw the unprecedented and by many
accounts unexpected rise of
anti-establishment sentiments although
there is still more elections to be held
in 2017 this changeover represents a
break in the status quo for much of the
world brexit the election of Donald
Trump Italy's five-star movements and
many other recent political shake ups
are all a result of populist sentiments
but what even is populism find out in
this video
Europe it's generally more popular on
the ideological right which believes
that socialist or left-leaning policies
negate the collective will of the people
this was the idea behind the 2016
bread's referendum thanks for watching
seeker daily don't forget to Like and
subscribe for new videos every day
