glamorous cunning elegant arose in the
desert these have all been used to
describe a small Assad the first lady of
Syria scroll through Ausmus Instagram
and you'll see pictures of her cradling
small children helping the disabled and
visiting the ill all while her husband's
regime tortures dissidents bombs
hospitals and wages war until entire
cities turned to rubble Ozma was once
seen as a glimmer of hope in a turbulent
region now nearly six years into the
Syrian civil war no one quite knows what
to make of her so what's the story
behind Syria's controversial first lady
while Ozma al-assad was born and raised
in London by Syrian parents she studied
French and computing at King's College
before moving to New York City to pursue
a career on Wall Street in 2000 ausma
was 25 years old and about to begin an
MFA program at Harvard when she
reconnected with Bashar al-assad whom
she had met years earlier in London the
couple married that year and Ozma
dropped Harvard to move to Syria where
Bashar just become president months
earlier Syrians were largely optimistic
about the country's future in the hands
of Bashar and Ozma Bashar's father and
predecessor President Hafez al-assad
transformed Syria into a one-party
police state letting him keep a tight
grip on power for three decades Bashar
and Ozma were widely regarded as more
modern and progressive and many Syrians
believed that the Western educated
couple would institute an era of freedom
and openness for about a decade
Ozma had largely followed through on
these expectations as first lady she
spearheaded state-run charities that
funded rural development female
empowerment aid for the disabled and
childcare in the press
she was regarded as charming elegant and
charismatic her public image however
took a serious blow with the onset of
the Syrian civil war in 2011 thousands
of people across Syria began to speak
out against bashar al-assad's repressive
regime government forces went to
unprecedented lengths to crush dissent
including firing into a crowd of
protesters that year rebel groups formed
and Syria descended into civil
war as soon as the conflict broke out
Ozma entered a period of complete
silence and seclusion prompting
questions over whether she even knew the
extent of her husband's unlawful
activities in fact since 2011 the first
lady has only made a handful of public
statements most of which have been terse
and unspecific in October 2016
Ozma gave her first TV interview in
eight years in which she admitted to
feeling pain and sadness when she met
those affected by the conflict meanwhile
no one in the international media has
hesitated to point out the glaring
hypocrisy of Ozma's lifestyle in March
2012 leaked emails published by the
Guardian showed that Ozma had been
spending tens of thousands of dollars on
designer clothes jewelry and home decor
while government forces bombed Syrian
civilians and opposition forces a month
later the wives of British and German
United Nations ambassadors released a
video urging Ozma to stop her husband's
violent regime today more than 300,000
people are dead as a result of the
Syrian civil war cities like homes where
Ozma's parents hailed from are in
shambles meanwhile Ozma has rejected
offers of asylum and claims she is still
focused on domestic charity work until
this devastating conflict comes to an
end
Ozma al-assad will likely continue
living in the shadow of her husband's
iron-fisted regime the Syrian civil war
is largely a result of widespread
opposition to Ozma's husband President
Bashar al-assad but where are ill
feelings toward Assad coming from what
kind of leader is he find out more in
this video as the civil war progressed
Assad continued arresting citizens and
was personally implicated in a number of
war crimes by the UN including the
imprisonment and killing of his own
citizens thanks for watching seeker
daily don't forget to Like and subscribe
so you get new videos from us every day
