in December 2016 a suicide bomber killed
at least 25 people at a Coptic Orthodox
Church in Egypt this was one of the
deadliest attacks to ever target Coptic
Christians a religious minority
accounting for roughly 10 percent of
Egypt's population cops and other
Christian sects have long faced violence
and discrimination in Egypt and other
parts of the Middle East where Islam is
the dominant religion so we wanted to
know what is life like for Christians in
the Middle East well as of 2011 there
were as many as 16 million Christians
living in the Middle East Christian
communities can be found in every Middle
Eastern country but by far the largest
are in Egypt Syria and Lebanon which
tend to be more tolerant of Christianity
than say Iran or Saudi Arabia but these
stats are likely outdated already as the
Middle East Christian population is
rapidly declining this is in part a
result of Islamic extremist groups like
Isis and al-qaeda which have for decades
directly targeted Christians such groups
adhere to a strict interpretation of
Sharia law that looks down upon non
Sunni people of the book specifically
Christians perhaps the best example of
this was the Islamic states invasion of
Mosul an Iraqi city that was once home
to tens of thousands of Christians as
isis fighters seized the city and
surrounding areas in 2014 they cut off
the water supply to christian
communities and reportedly tagged
christian homes with n-4 Nazarene a slur
facing a choice between close to
unlivable conditions forced conversions
or death many Christians fled 50 miles
to the Iraqi Kurdish city of Erbil where
they faced discrimination in finding a
job and obtaining public services just
one month after their takeover Isis
announced that Mosul was Christian free
also problematic for Middle Eastern
Christians was the Arab Spring not only
did the movement propel many Muslim
leaders into power but it gave rise to
anti-government rebel groups which are
known to target Christians for instance
Syrian Christians who have been
persecuted for centuries were actually
protected under President Bashar
al-assad and his father who ruled before
him this is in part because of Assad's
adherence to baathism which emphasizes
Arab nationalism over any particular
religion or ethnicity although
Christians stayed neutral when the
anti-assad revolution sparked in 2011
they were still resented and targeted by
rebel forces in 2015 the
you estimated that more than 700,000
Christians had fled Syria the experience
of Christians in the Middle East varies
depending on location and political
climate but one of the best insights
into what life is like for the community
as a whole may be seen in Egypt the
country is home to millions of
Christians most of whom are members of
the Coptic Orthodox Church cops face
numerous institutional hurdles and are
frequently victims of hate crimes after
the Arab Spring brought the Muslim
Brotherhood into power in 2011 crowds
attacked Coptic businesses homes and
churches and incidences of kidnapping
assault and murder were reported the
violence forced an estimated 100,000
cops to emigrate the country was shaken
up again when Isis released a video
showing the beheading of 21 Coptic
businessman life for Christians is
better in some middle-eastern countries
than others for instance in Lebanon
Christians account for nearly 40% of the
population and play a significant role
in politics
Lebanon's president in half of its
parliament are all Christians and nearby
Jordan's small Christian population are
guaranteed positions in the government
and generally live in safe conditions
targeted violence combined with other
factors such as low birth rates and high
immigration rates have decimated the
proportion of middle-eastern Christians
from 20% in the early 20th century to
just 5 percent today the rise of Isis in
the Syrian civil war have only
exacerbated Christian deaths and
out-migration
if marginalization and hate crimes
continue we may one day see Christianity
completely vanish from the same region
it was born the Middle East is not the
only region where Christians face
hostility around the world much of
religious persecution is directed at
Christians so where are the worst places
for Christians find out in our video
here with North Korea a notable
exception nine out of the top ten worst
countries for Christians are
muslim-majority nations in the Middle
East and Africa
in recent years Christians have all but
abandoned those regions as violence and
religious extremism continues to grow
thanks for watching seeker daily make
sure to LIKE and subscribe for new
videos from us every day
you
