the Nordic state of Denmark has
consistently ranked high in measures of
happiness and quality of life but Danes
pay high taxes to enjoy such a standard
of living so as a whole how powerful is
Denmark as the smallest in southern most
of the Nordic countries the Kingdom of
Denmark covers roughly sixteen thousand
five hundred square miles surrounded by
Germany Sweden Norway and the United
Kingdom the country is very homogeneous
with nearly 90% of its roughly five and
a half million people being ethnically
Danish Denmark has a mixed economy it
produces high tech exports in a highly
industrialized market and relies heavily
on foreign trade Denmark is one of nine
European Union countries that has not
adopted the euro for an agreement to opt
out of the currency from 1993
nonetheless Denmark enjoys a stable
currency and a GDP of roughly 300
billion dollars with a focus on high
tech agriculture maritime shipping
renewable energy and exports in food oil
and gas once a country that relied
almost solely on imported oil Denmark
reportedly now uses its own fossil fuels
more efficiently than anywhere else in
the world it was the first country to
build offshore wind farms and it ranked
first in the world Energy councils 2016
global sustainable energy index Denmark
is also a model of equality and social
welfare the government is known for
equitable distribution of income
promoting a high standard of living
Danes get free or heavily subsidized
health care free education and work
compensation when they're out sick or on
parental leave but these benefits come
at a high price Danes are heavily taxed
today for the highest earners the
average income tax is nearly 56% but in
the past two decades it has risen higher
than 60 percent militarily Denmark is
less powerful than its Scandinavian
neighbours Norway and Sweden though it
maintains more military reserves than
both of these countries individually
although it spends several billion
dollars less than each on defence with
nearly 90,000 defence personnel Denmark
ranks 50th out of 126 worldwide it is
distinctively the only Nordic country
which is both a member of the
and NATO as a member of NATO Denmark
holds strong relations with world powers
like the United States since 2002
Denmark has continuously been involved
in Wars and interventions in the Middle
East including the fight against Isis
like many European nations Denmark is
experiencing social and political change
the country has seen a steady rise in
right-wing nationalism especially
following the backlash against the
publication of an inflammatory cartoon
depicting Islam's Prophet unfavorably in
2005 while some call it blasphemy others
called it free speech rousing debate on
the subject worldwide more recently
Denmark has taken a hard line against
the migrant crisis passing several bills
to limit the number of asylum seekers
into the country in early 2016 the
United Nations condemned the country's
proposed anti-migrant measures including
one that would allow police to seize the
assets of asylum seekers but while
Denmark is struggling to deal with the
crisis its citizens seem more open to
accepting asylum seekers than its
government despite a rise in right-wing
sentiment the country continues to pride
itself on its history of compassion for
its population quality of life is any
indicator Denmark stands as a powerful
nation we can't do episodes like this
without our sponsors if you're looking
for nutritionists approved snacks that
never use GMO ingredients trans fats
artificial colors or flavors
check out Gray's calm Gray's calm
combines wholesome ingredients with the
flavors we all love to create over 100
exciting snacks go to Gray's calm and
enter the promo code seeker to get a
free sampler box Denmark is one of
several countries to implement socialism
as part of their economic process
creating a social safety net while also
encouraging private businesses many have
pointed to this is the reason for their
regularly high marks and economy and
standard of living but as Denmark really
a socialist utopia find out in this
video well social democracy is a limited
form of socialism it differs from
outright socialism and that workers do
not own the meats of production under
such a system sometimes referred to as
the Nordic model businesses are not
nationalized and private competition is
encouraged thanks for watching seeker
daily don't forget to Like and subscribe
so you get new videos every day
you
