in the aftermath of the 2016 election
differing stories about potential
Russian hacking have set the us as two
main intelligence agencies against each
other the Central Intelligence Agency or
CIA briefed US officials that Russian
hackers had infiltrated the Democratic
National Committee with the intention to
sway the election in favor of Donald
Trump on the other hand the Federal
Bureau of Investigation or FBI says
there's no clear evidence to support
these reports so what's going on why are
these two agencies at odds and what
exactly is the difference between them
well in a nutshell the primary
difference between the two is scope the
FBI's jurisdiction covers domestic
issues and operates as a law-enforcement
agency the CIA deals primarily with
external foreign intelligence and is
considerably more covert not even its
budget is publicly reported and is only
known via leaks what this ultimately
means is that the two have radically
different goals
the FBI is more likely to arrest
domestic offenders while the CIA is in
the business of collecting global
intelligence in order to stave off any
potential offenses
this sort of dichotomy can even lead to
the two butting heads one example from
1979 allegedly sought the FBI attempt to
arrest a high-profile fugitive hiding
among corrupt officials in the Bahamas
but the CIA was relying on those same
corrupt officials to house a different
high-profile fugitive out of Iran the
former Shah while the two agencies
argued about what was more important
protecting the Shah or arresting a
criminal the criminal got away this
example perfectly illustrates the two
agencies priorities and why they are at
times reticent to trust each other
similarly the current Russian hacking
scandal is a clear example of the
difference in standards while the FBI
has not explicitly said that the CIA's
conclusion is false it has made it clear
that the amount of evidence available
would not be enough to convict anyone in
a court of law and thus is not worth
disclosing however the CIA is not
especially interested in demonstrating
proof in a court of law and is more
concerned with addressing the
allegations with the evidence they do
have in the meantime president-elect
Donald Trump has dismissed the CIA's
claims while both Republicans and
Democrats and Congress are calling for
bipartisan support to prevent any
potential future hacking or cyber
attacks President Obama has launched a
full-scale investigation of the claims
to conclude before he leaves office but
whether or not anything worse
we'll do little to bring together the
FBI and the CIA with different
perspectives jurisdictions and standards
each serves an important role in the
intelligence community
letting a criminal escape from the
Bahamas wasn't the CIA's first blunder
some of their biggest mistakes have led
to wrongful incarceration failed coup
d'Ã©tats and other embarrassing
international situations so what have
been the CIA's biggest failures find out
in this video it was kept as a highly
classified secret mostly because what
they were doing was extremely illegal
and medically unethical the most famous
aspect of the program was drugging
American and Canadian citizens with LSD
without their knowledge thanks for
watching don't forget to Like and
subscribe for more videos every day
