before winning the presidency Donald
Trump stated that as president he may
not support countries within the North
Atlantic Treaty Organization which
haven't met defense spending guidelines
NATO recommends that 2% of a country's
GDP be spent on its military a
qualification which is only met by the
US the UK Greece Estonia and Poland many
fear that with Trump as president the US
may withdraw from NATO entirely so what
would happen if the u.s. left NATO well
NATO has been called the cornerstone of
collective defence by President Barack
Obama and it's been a guiding force for
much of the 20th and 21st century in the
aftermath of world war ii as the Cold
War was gearing up a number of European
countries plus the United States agreed
to support each other militarily in case
of attack implicitly from the Soviet
Union originally there were only 12
member countries but today it consists
of 28 states this militarized alliance
sees the United States as both its
biggest beneficiary as well as the one
taking on the most responsibility
article 5 of the NATO treaty states that
quote an attack against one ally is
considered an attack against all allies
and in Trump's eyes this is a costly
proposition article 5 was triggered for
the first and only time just following
September 11th 2001 and it led to a NATO
allied war in Afghanistan roughly a
third of troops in the country for over
a decade were made up of NATO forces
working in the interest of the United
States but in exchange the US has
comprised roughly three-quarters of the
entire group's defense spending and
amount Trump believes is too heavy of a
burden while few other members are not
even meeting the recommended minimum but
pulling out of NATO or even decreasing
the US as role in NATO could be a
dangerous proposition firstly most of
the member countries in NATO are not
only relying on the USS military power
but its nuclear power - if that nuclear
assurance is no longer there any
non-nuclear country could start building
their own as a potential deterrent
another issue is that this union of
countries has almost never gone to war
with its fellow members which is
reasonable when you know that an attack
will turn all of your allies into
enemies this could also change without a
stable NATO finally since NATO was
created to buffer Russia's interest in
Europe it actually seems to be working
in recent years Russia has made
incursions into neighboring Ukraine and
Georgia neither of which are NATO
members meanwhile many have pointed to
Russian interest in the Baltic States
which are members of NATO and have been
seemingly safe from outright invasion
specifically on that basis
problematically well Trump is correct
that many member states do not meet the
recommended minimum military
contribution the Union appears to serve
a larger function than simply a group of
allies without the u.s. in NATO the
Union loses much of its power and
funding and one of the cornerstones of
global peace could come crumbling down
if you're like me and love history
science and exploration you should check
out discovery go where you can binge
watch all seasons current and past of
your favorite Discovery Channel shows
check out the link in the description
below to learn more
but while the United States does
maintain a lion's share of NATO the
organization is more powerful as a group
than it could ever be as a single
country so what exactly does NATO do and
how powerful are they really find out in
this video
NATO is involved in peacekeeping
missions across places like Afghanistan
Kosovo and various regions in Africa
they manage ground air and naval
operations for surveillance training
logistics and other crisis management
purposes thanks for watching seeker
daily don't forget to Like and subscribe
for more videos every day
