in early AD the Roman Catholic Church
dramatically gained power and influence
over ancient Rome with Latin as the
church's preferred language it too
became the language of the Empire which
at its height was estimated to cover
roughly a quarter of the Earth's
population to put that into perspective
today English is known to some degree by
the same fraction about a quarter of the
world so imagine that roughly two
thousand years from now nobody knows
English and studying it is an incredibly
rare specialty today Latin might not be
extinct which would mean it has no
living speakers but it certainly is dead
as it's fallen out of use as a method of
communication so what happened to Latin
well it didn't so much die as it changed
into Romanian Italian Portuguese Spanish
and French which we conveniently know as
the Romance languages romance for Rome
there are a number of other languages
that developed out of Latin but those
five are the most commonly spoken within
all of those languages are Latin roots
tenses grammar and other intricacies and
that's not surprising since all the
countries where Romance languages are
popular also made up the Western Roman
Empire it was only around the fall of
the Empire that Latin died and these new
languages were born so why did that
happen well mainly because Latin is
incredibly complex
it's unique from other languages in that
it's highly inflected meaning that
nearly every word is potentially
modified based on tense case voice
aspect person number gender and mood as
a result the meaning is always clear
although difficult to parse in a
sentence it's one of the reasons we
continue to use it for highly technical
fields where clarification is of the
utmost importance like classifying
species or in medical terminology when
the Roman Empire collapsed each distinct
ethnic region appropriated their own
version of what was called vulgar latin
vulgar here just means common while
standard Latin was incredibly useful for
description simple communication didn't
have to rely on complex grammar as we
know from different dialects in English
like African American vernacular English
or Chicano English grammar word choice
and even sentence structure end up
naturally diverging from the quote
unquote correct version so a Latin word
like the number three tres translates
into three in Italian dress in Spanish
and twat in French
all similar but culturally distinct
nonetheless due to the overwhelming
prevalence of Latin and early Western
literature medicine and science Latin as
a language of antiquity never quite went
extinct and today a huge number of
technical fields maintain its usage even
English still uses a huge number of
Latin eight roots despite modern English
developing out of Old English and before
that proto German according to some
estimates more than 60% of English is
made up of Greek or Latin roots mostly
Latin as a result of English being
heavily influenced by French in the end
although Latin is dead it lives on in
languages spoken by roughly a billion
people around the world and as we
mentioned Latin continues to be used in
technical fields so why do we do that
and what are the benefits find out in
this video from dnews see around the 4th
century a craze was sweeping the ancient
Roman Empire and all the kids were
calling it Christianity this ultimately
led to the formation of the Roman
Catholic Church the church was a huge
fan of Latin largely because that's what
the common man spoke and that was their
target audience thanks for watching
seeker daily don't forget to Like and
subscribe for new videos every day
