in October 2016 South Korea's president
Park geun-hye was implicated in a number
of bizarre scandals including a cult
leader horseback riding lessons and tens
of millions of dollars after the scandal
surfaced thousands of people in cities
across South Korea demanded the
president Park stepped down so what's
going on with South Korea's president
well the controversy is primarily
centered around parks relationship with
her longtime friend and spiritual
adviser
Jason shil Chae is a private citizen
with no security clearance yet it was
revealed that she has for years
privately advised president Park on
everything from her wardrobe to her
speeches to actual state policy
according to CNN South Korean affiliate
in abandoned computer once owned by chae
contained evidence that she had received
classified documents and had even
intervened in state affairs for instance
shortly after Park was elected in
December 2012 Chae allegedly received a
document detailing a closed-door
briefing between Park and South Korea's
incumbent president the document
included classified information about
national security foreign affairs and
the economy there's also evidence that
Chae edited one of park's most famous
speeches in which he detailed her vision
for the country's unification with the
north to many South Koreans this makes
it seem as if Chae has secretly
masterminded the policy decisions behind
parks presidency but the scandal goes
way beyond unlawful information sharing
Chae runs to nonprofit organizations and
has allegedly used her connections to
solicit roughly 70 million dollars in
donations from a South Korean business
lobby Jae has also allegedly siphoned
some of this money for private use
including horseback riding lessons for
her daughter even more bizarre is puck
and Shay's deeply intertwined family
history which dates back to the 1970s
puck is the daughter of military
dictator Park Shin hee who is considered
to be the founder of modern South Korea
after he and park's mother were
assassinated Park became close with
chase father
the older Sheikh claims to be a pastor
from an obscure pseudo Christian sect
called the Church of eternal life
however most Koreans liken him to rest
butan and his church - a religious cult
many alleged that his daughter is
playing a similar role in parks life in
a rare televised speech puck apologized
to the country admitting that she had in
fact shared certain documents with
early on in her presidency however South
Koreans don't seem to buy it after the
apology the president's approval rating
plummeted to a record low of about 10
percent and thousands continue to demand
that she stepped down before her final
year in office che has been arrested and
jailed on allegations of intervening in
state affairs and unlawfully soliciting
donations for her nonprofits and what
happens to Park remains to be seen we
can't do episodes like this without our
sponsors if you listen to music and
podcasts and are looking for a new
Bluetooth speaker
check out monster's reimagine boombox
the monster blaster available for
monthly payments starting at $25 with
deep pounding bass the monster blaster
has the power to bring music to life
indoors and out check it out at the
monster blaster calm slash seeker
scandals aside South Korea remains a key
ally to the United States and is likely
to stay that way even if Park steps down
so what binds these two countries
together find out more in this video
South Korea and the u.s. is diplomatic
relationship stems back to the aftermath
of World War two at the time the Korean
Peninsula had recently split and the UN
refused to recognize the north as a
legitimate state in response North Korea
invaded the newly formed south and the
u.s. came to South Korea's defense
thanks for watching seeker daily don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos every day
