in 2014 the Islamic state became an
international terrorist threat when it
seized large territories of Iraq and
Syria one of the group's greatest and
most surprising gains was Iraq's
second-largest city Mosul roughly two
years later Isis has lost about half of
its territory in Iraq and us-backed
forces have launched an operation to
retake Mosul which experts say could
mark the beginning of the end for the
jihadist group so why is Mosul so
crucial for Isis well it's important to
note that the Islamic states power is
almost entirely predicated on land the
terror groups goal is to overthrow
governments and wage war until they
secure a global Caliphate they've been
able to fund their operation largely
through robbing banks taxing and
extraordin and stealing natural
resources such as oil but the terror
group has already lost much of its
income sources due to us-led airstrikes
so today controlling large populations
is especially important to their bottom
line this is one of the main reasons
Isis needs Mosul before the war the city
was home to about 2 million people whom
the terror group has taxed heavily
extorted and enslaved as the city's de
facto government Isis was able to tax
residents on everything from electricity
and water to pharmaceuticals and bank
withdrawals
although Mosul's population has fallen
by roughly half since the group took
over losing control would still be a
financial disaster the Islamic state
also needs Mosul for strategic reasons
the city is a trade hub surrounded by
Syria Iran and Turkey and is crucial to
Isis's movement of weapons soldiers and
supplies for instance the group was
reportedly able to move soldiers between
Mosul and its primary stronghold in
Syria Raqqa but losing Mosul would cut
off that route forcing the group to
contain most of its operations in Syria
also close by are some of Iraq's most
vital oil fields and pipelines from
which the group extracts and sells the
resource Mosul is also the center of
Isis's chemical weapons operation since
April 2015 the terror group has been
using a chemistry lab at the University
of Mosul to build peroxide-based
chemical
and suicide bomb vests not unlike those
used in the Paris and Belgium attacks
Isis chemists either give these weapons
to their fighters directly or teach them
how to build their own weapons abroad
but perhaps most importantly Mosul is
crucial to the group's legitimacy the
Islamic states takeover of the city in
signaled to the world that they were a
serious threat to large populations
what's more the group positioned itself
as a de facto government which set them
apart from other terror organizations
such as al-qaeda
and it gave them more leverage in
recruiting fighters from around the
world the city is also a cultural hub of
Iraq as its home to historical sites and
countless works of ancient Islamic art
seeing the destruction of these
antiquities was central to Isis's goal
of establishing itself as the new rulers
of the Arab world the operation to
retake Mosul was originally slated to
take months
however it's reportedly progressing
faster than expected with experts
already predicting Isis's certain defeat
but as the u.s. Iraq and its allies
closed in hundreds of Isis fighters are
reportedly fleeing to the group's other
controlled territories in Syria namely
to the city of Raqqa US officials have
hinted toward launching a similar
campaign to overtake Raqqa and if they
do experts say it will almost certainly
lead to the group's long-awaited
collapse Mosul is the Islamic states
last major stronghold in Iraq as the
group has already lost about half of its
territory in the country but how exactly
does losing territory hurt Isis find out
more in this video at the top and if you
want to learn more about the ways in
which Isis makes its money watch our
video at the bottom
thank you for watching seeker daily
please don't forget to Like and
subscribe to see new videos every day
