in the United States food seems
plentiful around the country grocery
stores are fully stocked produce and
other goods are relatively cheap and
most people have easy access to a wide
variety of foods but what's visible on
the surface doesn't show the whole
picture more than 42 million Americans
suffer from food insecurity and the
farming industry is on the decline so is
it possible that America is facing a
food crisis well on the one hand the
United States does have a uniquely
advantageous position in the world
regarding food supply Americans spend
less than 10% of their household income
on food while in other countries like
Cameroon or Kenya it can be closer to
50% part of the reason for such cheap
food is due to trade deals like the
North American Free Trade Agreement or
NAFTA which removed most taxes on goods
coming into the u.s. from Canada Mexico
cheaper labor and lower regulations in
Mexico ultimately means cheaper goods
compared to 20 years ago Americans eat
twice as much fruit and three times as
many vegetables grown just outside the
country but in an effort to drive the
food economy many believe that the
American farmer has been left behind
prompting over reliance on foreign
sources of food American farming is in
crisis that's Sophia cough the National
Field Director for the National young
Farmers coalition a grassroots network
of young farmers fighting for the future
of farming only 6 percent of our farmers
in the US are under the age of 35 and
young people who are starting to farm
are facing huge obstacles like accessing
affordable farmland accessing credit and
capital that they need succeed just
since 2014 the US Department of
Agriculture has reported a loss of about
1 million acres of farmland translating
to roughly 18,000 farm closures the USDA
has also reported that it expects to see
20,000 fewer university graduates in
areas like agriculture and the
environment than the industry actually
needs over the next five years young
farmers like Leanna Mulvihill recognize
this as a problem it's important for
young people like me to get into farming
because young people aren't pursuing
careers in agriculture we won't continue
to have small farms
it'll radically change how our food
works for not producing it ourselves
it's a that's a problem at the same time
other countries like China have been
doubling down on their farm
industry from 2001 to 2008 China
invested roughly four billion dollars in
its agricultural research and
development and today some estimate the
number of Chinese farmers to nearly
equal the total population of the United
States but the u.s. is keen to attract
young farmers at least to keep the
current supply of domestic food
producers stable some states have even
started offering student loan
forgiveness to new farmers adding to the
current list of forgivable occupations
such as teaching and law enforcement we
have a campaign called farming as public
service farmers don't see themselves
necessarily as public servants they want
to be recognized as entrepreneurs but we
don't see this as mutually exclusive we
believe farmers can produce good for
their community steward the land and
feed their communities and at the same
time be profitable businesses as the
populations of both the US and the world
continue rising it's coupled with an
increasingly turbulent system of climate
change creating droughts floods and
other farming disasters this means that
there's potentially less space to grow
food but more people who need it in the
next 25 years
two-thirds of farmer owned land in the
US will transition ownership so if there
aren't young farmers ready and willing
to take on this land we'll see that land
transition out of Agriculture
potentially sold to corporate farms or
bought by non farm owners without young
farmers filling in for a huge number of
retiring farmers more and more food
production will move out of the country
leaving the u.s. at the mercy of its
neighbors renting a farm on your own is
hard work let alone doing it in your 20s
the seeker stories team visited Liana on
her farm to find out what inspired her
to change her career path from
engineering to farming I do not come
from a farming background it took me a
while to have the courage to be a farmer
got the loan forgiveness program
financing on the farm would have been
more challenging I'm very thankful to be
a part of it and it
definitely cushioned my first couple of
years farming thanks for watching seeker
daily make sure to LIKE and subscribe
for new videos every day
