in 2015 the nonprofit one org launched
its international poverty is sexist
campaign the organization is working to
end extreme financial hardship which it
says disproportionately affects women
and girls the initiative quickly saw
support from dozens of high-profile
people including Canada's Prime Minister
Justin Trudeau all of whom agreed that
poverty is indeed sexist so is this true
and if so why are women more likely to
be poor
well according to one org women and
girls in every country are more likely
to suffer from financial hardship than
men the United Nations notes that just
half of all working age women are
represented in the labor force and those
who are working earn roughly 25 to 40
percent less than their male
counterparts in most countries studies
also show that women are less likely to
receive an education and more likely to
suffer from hunger or disease all of
which are characteristics of poverty
there are a number of reasons that women
are more likely to be poor one
significant setback is that women are
often caretakers and spend about twice
as much time as men doing unpaid labor
such as domestic chores and child
rearing in rural communities or
developing countries the disparity is
even larger as basic necessities like
food and clean water are harder to
obtain as a result women have less time
to get an education or work for a wage
in Niger for example fewer than half of
all women are employed and less than 3%
have a bank account
women are also underrepresented in the
public sector most local and central
governments have few female
representatives meaning that women have
little to no say in policies that
directly affect them around the world
women only make up less than 23% of
parliamentary positions
the risk of poverty also significantly
increases as women age because of their
roles as caretakers and mothers many
women must leave the labor force for
extended periods of time and often find
it difficult to re-enter later in life
when they eventually reach retiring age
women tend to receive fewer Social
Security benefits as many countries base
these systems on paid work over the last
decade globalization has left many
economies transformed however the
proportion of women among the poor has
only increased macroeconomic policies
aimed at closing this gap have been
insufficient because according to the UN
they failed to address informal work
such as child rearing
what's more the UN states that although
female poverty has been widely
recognized as an international problem
individual governments have been slow to
respond to it until they do
millions of women will continue to live
in poverty the seeker stories team
recently traveled to Ghana to find out
how HIV and AIDS like poverty is
disproportionately affecting women in
sub-saharan Africa but as we found there
seem to be some rays of hope to find out
more check out this 360 video I fell
sick 1999 that I'm I'm with my boyfriend
and I got pregnant that time my body is
not nice to me every day I fell sick
when they test me how the doctors are
watching my face those days they said I
got HIV is
thanks for watching seeker daily please
don't forget to Like and subscribe to
see new videos every day
you
