since 2011 Congress has repeatedly
introduced a bill that would let 911
victims sue the government of Saudi
Arabia and just days before the 15th
anniversary of the attacks it finally
passed in both the House and Senate many
allege that not only did Saudi nationals
and government officials have a role in
the attacks but that the United States
has worked to hide Saudi involvement so
is there any proof of Saudi involvement
in September 11th well in the final 9/11
Commission report the US government
claimed to have found no evidence that
the Saudi government as an institution
or senior Saudi officials individually
funded al-qaeda nonetheless 15 of the 19
hijackers as well as Osama bin Laden
were Saudi nationals raising serious
suspicions over Saudi involvement for
several years and alleged 28 classified
pages from a 2002 congressional joint
inquiry into 9/11 were suggested to
contain direct evidence of this Saudi
involvement and in fact when the pages
were finally released in 2016 they
stated that quote while in the United
States some of the September 11
hijackers were in contact with and
received support or assistance from
individuals who may be connected to the
Saudi government as well as suggesting
that quote Saudi government officials in
the United States may have other ties to
al Qaeda and other terrorist groups but
despite these vague statements in the
release documents the current White
House press secretary maintained that
there was still no evidence that the
Saudi government and senior Saudi
officials actually funded al Qaeda still
these pages are not the only alleged
evidence presented by those who believe
there was Saudi involvement in 2012 two
former US senators testified that they
had seen classified information
confirming the allegations against Saudi
Arabia one senator referred to Omar
album me who before the attacks was
listed by the US government as a
suspected Saudi operative living in the
United States in 2000 Alba who me
allegedly refriended two of the eventual
al Qaeda hijackers and helped them find
an apartment which he co-signed for two
months before the attacks he left the
United States for the UK perhaps
suspiciously one of Alba amis close
associates Osama Boston was reported to
have been
saving regular payments from the wife of
Saudi Arabia's ambassador to the United
States according to memos released by
the National Archives from the 9/11
Commission al by you me may have even
held ties to terrorist groups
nonetheless these claims are
categorically denied by the FBI unintel
recently the United States has been
reticent to allow 9/11 victims to pursue
Saudi Arabia in court in 2002 families
of 9/11 victims calling themselves
families United to bankrupt terrorism
put forth a lawsuit for 116 trillion
dollars against Islamic and Saudi
businesses and individuals therein they
accused members of Saudi royalty of
actively supporting and funding al Qaeda
and Osama bin Laden however in 2008 the
US Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit refused to hear the group's case
citing the 1976 foreign Sovereign
Immunities Act which prevents US
citizens from suing foreign countries
the bill that was just passed through
Congress removed several restrictions
from the Act allowing victims families
to sue Saudi Arabia although the
legislation has cleared the House and
Senate President Barack Obama fought
against it and has threatened to veto
White House officials have warned that
Americans overseas may be at risk of
retaliatory legislation by Saudi Arabia
the Saudi foreign minister warned
Congress that the country may withdraw
as much as seven hundred and fifty
billion dollars of its assets held in
the United States to avoid the seizure
of funds by potential lawsuits but even
with this bill passed and despite many
suspicious links between Saudi nationals
and the 9/11 attacks there may not
actually be any proof to help 9/11
victims families with Saudi Arabia's
shaky record of sponsoring terrorism and
human rights abuses naturally many
Americans have developed a distrust for
the country but the US and Saudi
government's heavily rely on each other
militarily and economically so it's not
surprising that the u.s. is seemingly
eager to defend its ally the alliance
between Saudi Arabia in the US has been
consistently uneasy watch this video to
find out what is keeping them together
and what might tear them apart the heart
of the relationship between the u.s. and
Saudi Arabia is oil
the United States imports more than a
million barrels of Saudi oil a day
making up 13% of their total oil imports
thanks for watching seeker daily don't
forget to Like and subscribe so you get
new videos from us every day
