Svalbard is an archipelago situated in
the Arctic Ocean midway between
continental Norway and the North Pole
the Norwegian sovereign islands are the
northernmost settlement in the world
home to just 2,000 people and aside from
a small number of researchers and
tourists hoping to spot a polar bear few
people know of this place yet spar bard
actually plays a pivotal role in
ensuring humanity's continual survival
so why exactly is this place so
important it's because of this the spar
bard global Seed Vault sometimes
referred to as the Doomsday bowl set 120
metres inside a mountain this secure
underground facility is capable of
storing up to two point two five billion
seeds collected from 4.5 million crop
varieties around the world basically
what lies behind these metal doors is
the ultimate insurance policy for the
entire planets food supply I always
feeling going into Cathedral when I get
there it's just so amazingly quiet and
you get this divine feeling it's a
history of agriculture in there and it's
potentially also the future of
agriculture in there so to me a very
very special place that was Murray Hager
executive director of the global crop
diversity trust the organization that
manages the vault since it opened in
2008 the trust has collected catalogued
and stored eight hundred and sixty
thousand seed samples deposited by gene
banks from across the planet
those are huge repositories that
preserve genetic material Russian seeds
and Ukrainian seeds are literally on the
same shelf yes there are scenes from
South Korea from North Korea well
basically from all over the world the
seeds sit in three cold storage rooms
kept at a constant minus 18 degrees
Celsius the cool temperature ensures
that the seeds remain viable for decades
and in some cases thousands of years
just in case the gene banks who donated
them ever need them again
and ultimately that is one of the major
reasons why the vault was set up in the
first place
while there are around 1700 gene banks
in the world these facilities can be
vulnerable to things like political
instability natural disasters and war
and if the seeds inside these banks
become compromised the loss can pose a
significant threat to global food
security ideally we want to have a copy
of each accession in every dream back in
the world in fall part because we can
hope that things don't go wrong in the
world but occasionally things do go
wrong and and we have lost complete
sandbanks we have lost Ian banks in Iraq
we have lost Ian banks in Afghanistan
the dream bank in the Philippines was
first struck by a tsunami and then it
was then it caught fire so it's just
illustration as or why it is important
to have a backup system until recently
no one had ever put the system to the
test but that all changed with the
outbreak of war in Syria so one of the
most important green banks in the world
is in Aleppo in Syria due to the war
situation the Dean bank cannot operate
as it as it should the seeds are safe
but the land around the green bank
cannot be used so they can't duplicate
seeds they can't share seeds with
farmers and leaders and scientists the
gene bank in Aleppo held ancient
varieties of wheat and durum that dated
back to the dawn of Agriculture some
10,000 years ago essentially hundreds of
crop varieties had taken thousands of
years to cultivate where at stake losing
these crops would have proved
devastating for global food security so
in September 2015 the global Seed Vault
received an urgent request from Aleppo
asking them to make a withdrawal
and we have then been working with the
teen bank in Aleppo for quite a few
years now and almost all of their
collections are copied in Svalbard they
decided to take seeds out of the world
in in fall bark and then re-establish
the gene bank so you will see in the
world that there are some holes in the
racks there should have been some boxes
there love the seeds quite simply have
been shipped back or have been shipped
them to Morocco and Lebanon a total of
128 crates of seeds holding around
30,000 samples of wheat barley lentil
and chickpea among others were removed
but the seeds couldn't be sent back to
war-torn Syria instead the samples were
shipped to Morocco in Lebanon until they
were able to re-establish the gene back
in Syria they're being grown out there
now so they will re-establish the tin
banks there and when they have the first
yields they then will spend seeds again
back to Albert
while the seed bank in spa bard is in
the only solution to global food
security it is reassuring to know that
seed varieties from all parts of the
globe are being held here safe and
secure ready to be used in the next time
of crisis and now will Aleppo we have
seen that the Svalbard global seed world
works as it should when things go wrong
it is possible to go to the world
retrieve the material and then
re-establish the collections
you
