August 21st 2016 marks 57 years since
Hawaii gained statehood as an isolated
archipelago with its own language
culture and history Hawaii is
undoubtedly a unique US state and it
even has its own long-running
sovereignty movement
so how would Hawaii fare on its own just
how powerful is Hawaii
well Hawaii is a string of eight main
islands and more than a hundred smaller
islands although that may sound large
the state as a whole is very very small
all 137 islands combined amount to
roughly 6,400 square miles meaning they
could fit inside the state of New Jersey
about 1.4 million people live in Hawaii
but the state's de-facto population is
considerably larger that's because
Hawaii is home to about 50,000 troops
and sees roughly 8 million visitors each
year that said it should come as no
surprise that the tourism industry is
the largest single contributor to
Hawaii's economy accounting for nearly a
quarter of the state's almost 80 billion
dollar GDP the island also relies
heavily on agriculture and because of
its tropical climate it's able to
produce and export a number of specialty
crops like coffee and macadamia nuts
when it comes to its economy Hawaii's
extreme isolation is both a major
benefit and a crippling drawback with
the nearest landmass more than 2,000
miles away shipping costs are
egregiously high leaving local producers
unable to compete
what's more the controversial Jones Act
prohibits foreign container ships from
picking up goods from more than one US
port meaning that most ships bypass
Hawaii on their way to or from the
mainland this takes a huge financial
toll on Hawaiian residents and business
not only do Hawaiians pay more taxes per
person than anyone in the US the high
cost of gas electricity housing and
imported goods make the island the most
expensive place to live in the nation
this is all against the backdrop of
Hawaii's complicated relations with the
u.s. back in the 1800s Hawaii was an
independent monarchy and its economy was
dominated by sugarcane and pineapple
production the beneficiaries were mostly
American plantation owners many of whom
clashed with the island's royal family
over local political issues meanwhile
the US had its eye on the archipelago as
a strategic military base in the late
19th century American businessmen
partnered with the US military to oust
the Queen simultaneously banning
Hawaiian language and culture
the US has since apologized for the
overthrow however why small indigenous
population continues to experience
disenfranchisement Native Hawaiians are
disproportionately recognized in the
state's homeless and incarcerated
populations and are more likely to
experience health problems natives have
long argued that the answer to these
problems is regaining self-rule either
through a semi-autonomous government not
unlike those of mainland Native American
groups or through full-blown
independence some activists have even
drafted their own constitution and
garnered support from high-profile
politicians like Hillary Clinton and
President Barack Obama however with no
real plan in place for secession it may
be years before the island sees any
degree of sovereignty now if you're a
fan of the Discovery Channel you should
check out Discovery go you can watch
every episode of all of your favorite
shows like Mythbusters Gold Rush and
even Shark Week learn more in the
description below
residents in another US state are
attempting to go it alone
the Texas national movement is pushing
for secession but is at exit even
possible find out by watching our video
here as a matter of fact for about ten
years in the mid 1800s the republic of
texas was an independent sovereign
country this came about after the texas
revolution in 1835 as a result of more
and more americans moving into the
Mexican province of Texas and clashing
with the Mexican government but Texas
the country was sort of a failure it
amassed a huge national debt and was
barely able to police or defend itself
thank you for watching seeker daily
please make sure to LIKE and subscribe
for new videos every day
