in June 2016 Spain held a
much-anticipated general election
following six months of political
gridlock and no ruling party in
Parliament Spain's right-leaning parties
secured the most votes an outcome that
many argued was the result of the left's
lack of unity on the question of a
Catalonian referendum catalonia is an
autonomous and culturally distinct
region that's been vying for
independence since the 19th century so
what is life like in Catalonia and why
does it want to split from Spain
although Catalonia is technically a part
of Spain similar to the country's
sixteen other autonomous communities the
region has its own unique culture and
even its own language Catalan roughly
seven and a half million people or about
16% of Spain's population live in
Catalonia more than half of Catalans
live in Greater Barcelona which is
catalonia's largest city as well as its
political and economic hub compared to
the rest of Spain Barcelona is
culturally and ethnically diverse in
fact about a quarter of the city's
population are not Catalonian and as a
result life in Barcelona can look quite
different than life in the Catalonian
countryside for example more than a
third of Catalonians views Catalan as
their primary language however in
Barcelona the same can be said for only
about 2% of the population but both
Barcelona and rural Catalonia are
popular among tourists as the region
offers lush mountainous landscapes
beaches and castles Catalonians are also
known for their unique cuisine with
dishes featuring fish olive oil
mushrooms and dried fruits interestingly
Catalonians are known to vacation within
their own region typically going to the
same place every year given the
popularity of Catalonia it should come
as no surprise that region is also
Spain's
economic powerhouse as its GDP of more
than 200 billion dollars is higher than
any other autonomous region many of
catalonia's industries like construction
services and food production heavily
rely on tourism as a results the region
hasn't seen much of the economic
hardship that has plagued Spain in
recent years in fact as the country's
GDP plummeted and unemployment reached
nearly 25% in 20
teen catalonia's economy simultaneously
grew and unemployment there dropped
Catalonia's thriving economy is at the
center of its efforts to break away from
Spain Catalonian separatist argue that
not only are there tax payers keeping
the other regions of float during tough
times but that those poor regions are
actually allocated more public services
than Catalonia according to a 2014 poll
roughly 80% of Catalans want
independence but in light of the recent
election and continued division among
the left over whether to allow a
referendum the region may never see full
autonomy so while Catalonia is stuck
under Spanish rule it's important to
note just how much influence Spain
wields as a whole so how powerful is
Spain find out in this video today their
GDP is around 1.4 trillion dollars and
ranks 14th globally however despite the
recent economic success they're still
not quite in the clear Spain's
unemployment figures have exploded from
eight percent in 2007 to 26 percent in
2013 thanks for watching seeker daily
don't forget to Like and subscribe for
new videos every day
