in June 2016 a Dutch woman who was
allegedly raped in Qatar was convicted
of adultery and fined more than eight
hundred dollars extramarital sex is
illegal in Qatar and the woman had
already spent months in prison for
reporting her own rape this coupled with
a number of other human rights
violations have amassed international
outcry and led many to question whether
Qatar is eligible to host the 2022 World
Cup so how serious are cutters human
rights abuses since the World Cup
announcement in 2010 Qatar has garnered
widespread criticism over its violations
of international human rights law
particularly regarding migrant workers
Qatar is a high-income economy and over
the last few decades has become the most
economically competitive country in the
Middle East with one of the highest GDP
per capita in the world the rapid
development has produced hundreds of
thousands of labour jobs to fill the
need Qatar heavily relies on low paid
migrant workers most of whom relocate
voluntarily from Asia and Africa but
what begins as a consensual work
opportunity often leads to indentured
servitude as workers are unfairly paid
and forced to live in labor camps
according to Amnesty International these
camps are often filthy cramped and
unsafe with workers sleeping on bunk
beds or even on the floor workers are
also reportedly exposed to physical and
sexual abuse and are often forced to
work without food water or brakes labour
camps have become extremely common since
construction began as of June 2016
nearly one and a half million people or
roughly 60% of Cutters population live
in such accommodations what's more many
of these migrants are effectively
trapped in Qatar as soon as they arrive
under the country's sponsorship law
employers can strip workers of their
passports and cancel their residents or
exit permits and should they try to
escape
employers can legally report them as
absconded resulting in arrest or
detention the Qatari government has even
encouraged employers to use a smartphone
app to digitally report Runaways to
authorities Qatar also does not enforce
a minimum wage for migrant workers and
as a result they are reportedly paid
significantly less than they are
promised and in some cases close to
nothing this is all under the backdrop
of cutters of legibly corrupt and
abusive legal system the country's
constitution is based on Sharia law a
strict interpretation of the teachings
of Islam as such
punishments like flogging and stoning
are legal for offenses like alcohol
consumption extramarital sex and
blasphemy according to UNICEF cutters
judicial system is also deeply unjust in
some cases a woman's testimony is worth
half that of a man's and in others is
worth noting Qatar has struck alarm
among human rights groups and the
international community even the Prime
Minister of India who is dealing with
flak over his country's own human rights
violations raised concern about cutters
treatment of migrant workers during his
visit to the country the Qatari
government has promised to improve
conditions however recent reforms to the
labor code have failed to adequately
address the issue with no solutions in
place and plenty of infrastructure to be
built these and other abuses will likely
continue and while Prime Minister Modi
has voiced concerns about human rights
abuses India struggles with severe
abuses itself so what exactly are
India's human rights violations find out
in this video the country has nearly
one-point three billion residents with
millions of residents living on less
than $2 a day low caste citizens along
with religious minorities suffer the
most from sexual violence police
brutality economic exploitation and
unlawful imprisonment thanks for
watching seeker daily don't forget to
Like and subscribe for new videos
