we're here in Cleveland Ohio at YouTube
studios at the Republican National
Convention last week
Donald Trump announced his pick for
vice-president Indiana Governor Mike
Pence and like most of trumps decisions
it came with its own controversy
bp's names appear on a nominees campaign
advertisements and on the ballot and
many believe that a nominees choice can
make or break their campaign but after
the dust settles how much power does a
vice president really have what exactly
does a VP do well according to the US
Constitution the VP is the first in line
to take over the presidency should the
president die resign or be removed from
office however this has only happened
nine times four presidents were
assassinated four died of natural causes
and one resigned additionally if the
president is temporarily incapacitated
for example if he or she is under
anesthesia the VP temporarily becomes
the Acting President the Constitution
also states that the VP must preside
over the Senate although realistically
that just means that they're there to
break a tie vote in fact according to
official Senate rules vice presidents
are not even allowed to debate or
address the governing body
what's more tiebreaker votes are
relatively rare current VP Joe Biden is
one of twelve VPS to have never cast
such a vote but although they're rare
they can potentially have huge
implications for the country America's
first vice president John Adams cast 29
tiebreaking votes more than any other VP
in history through which he determined
the location of the US Capitol protected
certain presidential powers and even
stopped a war with Great Britain however
VP's do have a number of informal
responsibilities which vary according to
their relationship with the president
many VP's have acted as the
administration's unofficial spokesperson
or as the president's primary confidant
one of the first to do so was Walter
Mondale who was reportedly a close
advisor to President Jimmy Carter and an
active participant in day-to-day duties
of the administration similarly former
Vice President Al Gore had a cozy
relationship with Bill Clinton
particularly on matters of foreign
policy and the environment perhaps
surprisingly such cooperation is a
fairly new phenomenon most VP's who
served before the 1970s were merely
figureheads standing by just in case
they suddenly needed to take charge VP's
didn't give speeches didn't meet with
foreign leaders or even work with the
President on policy matters in fact
presidents didn't even begin choosing
their own VPS until the 1800s before
that whichever candidate finished second
automatically became VP even if their
views oppose that of the president today
the vice presidential appointment is
considered one of the most important
decisions a nominee can make in their
campaign as it sends a powerful message
about what they can expect from the
administration nominees tend to up for
VPS who have an impressive or unique
resume or someone that offers different
strengths than they do as a balanced
ticket generally appeals to different
types of voters for controversial
nominees like Clinton and Trump a widely
respected second-in-command might just
be their ticket into the Oval Office we
spent the entire week inside the
Republican National Convention doing
roundtables interviews and live streams
we sat down with fellow YouTube creators
to talk about the rise of celebrity over
policy in politics you can check it out
here one of the things I think is
interesting about Trump as the
figurehead of a cult of personality is
that he's definitely a new version of it
I mean obviously if you're talking about
using mass media to build up a person
and create an image of who you want them
to think they are whether they're
actually anything like that heading up a
reality show for a number of years is
that's pretty big thanks for watching
seeker daily and make sure to stay with
us as we head to Philadelphia for the
Democratic National Convention
