we're here at YouTube studios at the
republican national convention in
Cleveland Ohio the recent violence
breaking out at political rallies in the
2016 presidential race has many
expecting protests and even riots at the
RNC and DNC although most conventions
are relatively straightforward this
year's highly charged political climate
may echo that of earlier unrest in the
US as political history so our national
conventions prone to violence well the
most infamous occurrence was during the
nineteen sixty eight democratic national
convention in Chicago Illinois in the
lead-up to the event civil rights
activism was at its peak and just months
earlier both Martin Luther King jr. and
Robert Kennedy were assassinated the
highly unpopular Vietnam War was still
ongoing and thousands of activists and
protesters filled Chicago both to voice
their displeasure and to attend an
anti-war music festival roughly ten
thousand demonstrators were attacked by
more than twice the number of law
enforcement agents who tear gas and beat
hundreds of protesters which some say
led to the infamous Chicago riots even
delegates and journalists for the
convention were beaten and arrested by
police inside the convention hall since
then convention sites have attempted to
avoid any possibility of similar riots
especially in times of high political
tension during the 2000 republican
national convention in philadelphia
roughly four hundred and twenty
protesters were arrested and some
detained for more than two weeks while
facing felony charges which were dropped
four ninety five percent of those
arrested somewhat similarly in the
lead-up to the 2004 RNC and DNC many
sources reported activists being
intimidated and questioned by the FBI
about potential violent or disruptive
protests and some groups reported
harassment by federal agents this was
seen as an effort to scare people from
protesting although a report from the
office of the inspector general found
that the FBI's tactics were in response
to 17 threats of violence including
several potential bombings and while
little to no violence occurred in 2004
protesters continue to be targeted
towards the following two thousand eight
election that year an anti-establishment
protest group called the RNC welcoming
committee was infiltrated by multiple
undercover officers and informants in
the days before the convention eight
activists were arrested on charges of
terrorism and held during the convention
afterwards the terrorism charges were
dropped and some accepted plea deals for
conspiracy to commit Riot and criminal
damage to property while the rest
Heather charges dismissed notably two
individuals who were arrested following
the convention were allegedly in
courage to build Molotov cocktails and
used violence by the very informant who
turned them in leading some to claim the
situation was entrapment while there
hasn't been serious violence comparable
to the 1968 riots that may have more to
do with law enforcement being proactive
about arrests and disrupting potential
disruptions even this year there have
been reports of FBI agents visiting
known activists in Cleveland before the
Republican National Convention which
some say is intended to intimidate them
from protesting additionally protesters
have to apply for permits to protest in
order to lessen the chances of
spontaneous protests that can go out of
control however these actions have been
seen as serious overreach and do little
to quell the high tensions at these
conventions and speaking of conventions
will be at the RNC all week out of
YouTube studio doing a lot of cool stuff
like live streams interviews
behind-the-scenes footage and left tons
of great collaborators showing up so
make sure to stay tuned to seeker on
snapchat Facebook and YouTube and as
always don't forget to Like and
subscribe thanks for watching
