in the aftermath of the June 2016
referendum allowing the United Kingdom
to leave the European Union some back in
the United States have started wondering
if they can have their own referendum in
particular new long-standing Texas
independent movement which dates back to
when Texas was still part of Mexico has
seen a huge resurgence more than a
quarter of a million people have
allegedly pledged their vote to secede
according to the Texas nationalist
movement but is secession even possible
could Texas see their own version of
brexit like at Exit well as a matter of
fact for about ten years in the mid
1800s the republic of texas was an
independent sovereign country this came
about after the texas revolution in 1835
as a result of more and more americans
moving into the Mexican province of
Texas and clashing with the Mexican
government but Texas the country was
sort of a failure it amassed a huge
national debt and was barely able to
police or defend itself it did however
maintain a quiet trade relationship with
the British which had a foreign policy
of excluding countries which supported
slavery British influence threatened to
abolish slavery in Texas which would
undermine the American slave trade so to
avoid potentially losing slavery the
u.s. negotiated the annexation of Texas
as the 28th state in 1845 since then
Texas has integrated a cultural
independence movement from the rest of
the US and today it's reared its head
once again
so since Texas used to be its own
country is there some legal wafer to
become one again well technically the US
Constitution doesn't expressly allow or
prohibit state secession some argue that
certain passages imply one or the other
but there's no clear delineation usually
when that happens it's up to the supreme
court to decide on the topic which
indirectly came up in 1869 just 24 years
after the annexation the case of Texas v
white was based on the argument that
during the Civil War Texas had seceded
along with the rest of the Confederacy
and thus any actions that had taken were
as a seceded state but the Supreme Court
found that just because they said they
seceded didn't make it so and based on
the Articles of Confederation do you
it states is a perpetual union thus no
state can secede simply through actions
or declarations in the end no matter how
many resolutions or conferences or legal
maneuvering there's no clear way for a
state to secede and despite how popular
of a topic Texan secession has been an
overwhelming majority of Texans have no
real interest in leaving the United
States just 18 percent said they would
vote to secede with 75 percent voting to
stay in Erasmus in poll so even if Texas
could legally secede it almost certainly
wouldn't anyway but let's say the
Supreme Court reverses itself and allows
Texas to secede could the new republic
stand on its own just how powerful is
texas find out by watching this video
texas also generates about 1.5 trillion
dollars a year which could put the
hypothetical nation of texas right
between Spain and Australia as the
world's 13th largest economy thanks for
watching seeker daily don't forget to
Like and subscribe for new videos every
day
