On June 23rd 2016 residents of the
United Kingdom voted to leave the
European Union so what happens now well
to be honest we don't know this is
absolutely unprecedented this is as if
Texas actually managed to secede from
the United States so far there have been
several immediate effects first within
hours of the vote the UK's Prime
Minister David Cameron announced his
resignation the British people have made
a very clear decision to take a
different path and as such I think the
country requires fresh leadership to
take it in this direction
Cameron supported the push to stay part
of the EU while his likely replacement
conservative former London Mayor Boris
Johnson pushed to leave calling brexit a
glorious opportunity but so far things
have been far from glorious since the
vote the British Pound has collapsed in
value dropping the levels unseen in the
last 30 years and threatening to drop
below the dollar which has apparently
never happened before the euro too saw a
steep but less severe drop and when the
London Stock Exchange open on the
morning after the vote the top 100
companies had collectively dropped more
than 500 points the largest fall since
the 2008 economic crisis and despite the
dollar rising in response the Dow Jones
stock market index dropped more than 600
points it's worst day in five years
although the stocks have slightly
recovered following the initial panic
the future of the UK's economy does not
look good London is the most important
financial center in Europe and financial
markets account for 10 percent of the
UK's GDP but by leaving the EU the UK
will no longer be party to the EU
financial regulations making it
impossible to rely on for financial
investment until new regulations are
established many economists say that
this will significantly damage the UK
and EU economies in one scenario
proposed by the International Monetary
Fund by 2017 Britain will fall into a
recession and unemployment could hit 7%
by the following year coupled with
severe inflation although as a result of
the pound being cheaper trade will
likely rise although that's not
necessarily worth it for UK residents
and while we've talked about other
countries following the UK
of leaving the EU one unexpected result
from the referendum showed that the
majority of Scotland voted to stay
this is because when Scotland held their
own vote to leave the UK back in 2014
many agreed to stay under the assumption
that the UK would remain part of the EU
now that's no longer the case
so it would be unfathomable for Scotland
not to hold a second referendum and it's
likely they finally gained their
independence
similarly UK controlled Northern Ireland
is already discussing unification with
the rest of Ireland nearly a century
after their division so the question is
how did this all happen why would the UK
vote for something with such negative
consequences well in a nutshell age 75%
of 18 to 24 year-olds voted to stay
compared to less than 40% of those over
65 some have referred to the results as
the older generation voting for a future
that the younger generation doesn't want
some suggest that older voters were
swayed by arguments that there would be
more money available for their
healthcare and that it would help
restrict immigration meanwhile many
young voters hope to stay and reap the
same benefits as their parents such as
free travel throughout Europe and
greater educational and economic
opportunity we spoke with several people
living in the United Kingdom to get
their take on the situation it's a
sentence a shock we doze say recognizing
that countries really divided to be
brutally honest I'm a bit heartbroken
about all it feels like a bit of my kind
of national identity has been taken away
from me I think now that we're out of
the EU it doesn't stop us from
continuing to be a very United Kingdom
most overwhelming consensus I also have
felt was a certain amount of betrayal
from older generations having voted this
way when they probably won't have to
live with the repercussions this is
really going to be a really choppy
couple of years there's going to be a
rough couple of years
although the referendum has passed it's
not an immediate process the vote
triggers article 50 of the treaty on
European Union and could take as long as
two years to actually break away already
UK residents are calling for a second
referendum but the immediate effects are
devastating and there's no question that
both the United Kingdom and
European Union will be changed forever
but that may not be the last breakup of
the European Union Italy France Holland
and Denmark have also called for
referendums in the aftermath of the
brexit vote so how likely are these
other countries to leave and could this
be the end of the European Union as we
know it find out in this video in fact
in a 2016 Pew poll of European citizens
nearly half of respondents had an
unfavorable view of the 28-member bloc
thanks for watching seeker daily don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos every day
