in 2016 Kosovo won its first-ever gold
medal in the Summer Games just eight
years after the country announced its
independence from Serbia this victory
was a monumental step for the still
disputed territory but amid the current
turmoil Kosovo may not survive to see
the next Summer Games with mounting
economic issues a tiny population and
relative insecurity we wanted to know
well Kosovo survived as an independent
state well the road to its independence
has been shockingly violent unstable and
very complicated modern-day Kosovo was
once a part of Serbia which was itself
once a part of Yugoslavia after the
Soviet Union collapsed in 1991
Yugoslavia fell apart in a series of
regional wars including the Kosovo war
this war was so incredibly violent and
marked by war crimes that in 1999 NATO
was forced to intervene and Kosovo was
made a un protectorate in 2008 Kosovo
declared its independence so how is it
fared since declaring sovereignty well
after consistently being seen as the
poorest region in the former Yugoslavia
little has changed besides its name from
2008 to 2015
Kosovo s GDP rose from about 5.6 billion
to 6.3 billion dollars while
unemployment is at around 31 percent
although CIA estimates have placed this
figure closer to 60% among the youth and
in 2010 for some minority groups in the
region unemployment may have even been
as high as 90 percent in addition to
barely maintaining an economy Kosovo's
military force is tiny in 2009 the
country established an estimated 2,500
person security force then in 2014 the
Prime Minister announced the creation of
an army of roughly 5,000 active soldiers
and 3,000 reservists for a population of
more than 1.8 million people even then
it'll be one of the smallest military
forces in the world but one of the
biggest challenges to Kosovo's future
survival is ultimately recognition the
country has garnered the support of more
than half the UN's member states but
it's former ruling country Serbia has
actively refused to acknowledge Kosovo
sovereignty although international law
maintains that it recognizes the
country's government and despite the
support from most of the UN Kosovo has
been unable to join thanks to Russia
which is an ally of Serbia and is able
to unilaterally veto admission to the
when still the country has seen some
progress on joining the European Union
although it's still a disputed territory
full sovereignty is not a prerequisite
of EU membership as of 2012 Kosovo has
fulfilled the legal requirements
necessary to join and negotiations have
been ongoing but perhaps one of the most
unsettling aspects of Kosovo's
independence is that it's become a
breeding ground for Isis fighters Kosovo
has the highest per capita rate of
foreign fighters in Europe in the past
two years the New York Times reports 314
Kosovars have left to join the Islamic
state while the country recovers from
its violent history it's been grappling
with a small economy small military
small population and no international
sway with few positive attributes nearly
a decade after gaining independence and
despite the gold medal the future still
doesn't look bright for Kosovo Kosovo is
one of many nations around the world
that receives funding from Saudi Arabia
the money helps spread Wahhabism a
branch of Islam that many believe is
fueling the rise of extremism to find
out more about the spread of Wahhabism
check out this video here al Wahab
settled in a part of the Middle East
called der aya the home of the original
family of Saud and partnered with the
local ruler Muhammad even Saud to form
the first Saudi emirate Saud took over
the military and political matters while
al-wahhab dictated a religious authority
over the state thanks for watching
seeker daily don't forget to Like and
subscribe for new videos every day
