over the past three decades the world
has seen the birth of ten new nations so
what are some of the world's youngest
countries well in Europe the three
newest countries are Serbia Montenegro
and Kosovo just three decades ago these
were all part of one huge communist
state called Yugoslavia throughout much
of the 20th century Yugoslavia was ruled
by yoseop Broz Tito whose autocratic
reign kept the country's ethnically
diverse population and six
self-governing republics unified but
upon Tito's death in 1980 ethnic
tensions flared and one by one these
Republic's became sovereign states two
of them Serbia and Montenegro United as
a single nation in 1992 but the unified
Serbia and Montenegro quickly ran into
problems although Montenegro was much
smaller than Serbia its economy was
stronger and proportionally contributed
more than Serbia Montenegro leaders
thought that independence would further
strengthen their economy as well as
boost tourism and provide a faster path
into the European Union so with the 2006
referendum Montenegro split from Serbia
forming two independent nations
meanwhile tensions ran high in the
southern Serbian province of Kosovo this
self-governing region was once the
center of Serbian culture and society
but over the course of several centuries
its population shifted toward
predominantly Muslim ethnic Albanians
replacing the mostly Christian serves in
the 1990s Serbia's newly elected
president attempted to Serbia NIH's
Kosovo taking control of its media
public offices and even its full
curriculum ethnic Albanians fought back
carrying out nonviolent uprisings and
eventually a major guerrilla offensive
against Serbian police and politicians
Serbian forces responded with a ruthless
ethnic cleansing program despite a 1999
nato-led Peace Accord violence continued
into the 21st century finally in 2008
with US and EU support Kosovo broke away
from Serbia forming its own country but
even younger than these post communist
states is South Sudan which declared
independence
2011 Sudan and South Sudan had been at
odds since Sudan originally formed in
1956 the conflict was due to a largely
Christian and non Muslim South feeling
unrepresented and oppressed by the Arab
and Muslim north after more than 50
years of conflict including two civil
wars and an estimated two million
Sudanese deaths the north and south
signed a peace deal granting secession
for the south in a 2011 referendum
nearly 99% of South Sudanese voters
chose independence and the country
quickly gained international acceptance
as a sovereign state however South Sudan
has since spiraled into a brutal civil
war widespread poverty and an ongoing
humanitarian crisis so whether it be in
Africa Europe or elsewhere the road to
independence is almost never easy some
countries like Montenegro have fared
much better on their own while others
like Kosovo continue to struggle Kosovo
is still far from accession to the EU
and is now one of the poorest countries
in Europe so while going it alone may
seem like the logical escape from ethnic
violence and political instability
autonomy is often its own beast we can't
do videos like this without help from
our sponsors this episode was brought to
you by Squarespace they'll help you
build a website even if you've never
done it before when you sign up for a
year they'll give you a domain name for
free and if you type in test-tube at
checkout you'll get an extra 10% off
Squarespace you should make sure to take
a look at more test-tube news videos
like this one which outlines how to
create a new country the qualifications
for what constitutes a nation were
clearly spelled out in the 1933
Montevideo convention this Agreement
defined a state is having sovereignty
regardless of whether or not other
countries acknowledged this is called
declarative theory and it's different
from constitutive theory which says that
other countries have to acknowledge your
legitimacy thanks for watching test-tube
news make sure to LIKE and subscribe for
new videos every day
