in the early 1980s roughly 50 different
companies owned 90% of American media by
1992 that number had dropped to less
than two dozen and in recent years that
same 90 percent has fallen to just six
major conglomerates although various
mergers and layers of external control
make this an inexact number most of the
big six hold interests in film
production cable and broadcast
television news sports music and online
streaming so who exactly controls the
media as of 2015 the largest media
company in the world by revenue is
Comcast according to the SEC in 2014
they reportedly made nearly 69 billion
dollars like the other conglomerates
Comcast owns nearly every step in media
production and distribution in fact
Comcast is the single largest cable
provider on earth content is created
through subsidiaries like NBC Universal
which is then broadcast over TV and the
internet through xfinity comcast is also
a major Internet service provider
covering more than half of all US
broadband customers even online
streaming giant Hulu is jointly owned by
three of the big six the next largest
conglomerate is the Walt Disney Company
with reportedly roughly 48 billion
dollars in revenue Disney has holdings
in theme parks movie studios and diverse
television networks such as ABC a and E
and ESPN they also own a number of
legacy companies like Pixar Marvel
Entertainment and Lucas Films of the
Star Wars franchise the third of the big
six is 21st Century Fox which emerged in
2013 as a spin-off of Rupert Murdoch's
News Corporation today Fox makes about
32 billion dollars a year and is
predominantly focused on film and
television including Fox News Channel
which made nearly 800 million dollars in
ad revenue in 2014 the last independent
conglomerate is Time Warner with
revenues of about 27 billion dollars in
the 1990s they were the largest media
company in the world
but an unsuccessful merger with AOL at
the peak of the dot-com bubble made them
lose nearly 100 billion dollars in 2002
since then
AOL and Time Inc as well as Time
Warner's entire cable division have
become separate companies
because they are now unrelated Time
Warner and Time Warner Cable are the
fourth and fifth largest media companies
in the world according to Forbes finally
the last two are CBS and Viacom in 2013
they reported about 14 to 15 billion
dollars in revenue each they used to be
a single company controlled by National
Amusements a movie theater chain today
although they're individually held
National Amusements owners have enough
stock in both to effectively dictate
control so in a way there aren't even
six conglomerates but five or maybe
there are seven some including Time
Warner's former vice chairman Ted Turner
have said media conglomerates have
become oligopolies and that they stifle
innovation but others point out that
they can also provide a greater global
reach for smaller and newer companies in
fact I work for one of those newer
companies fusion which is partially
owned by ABC Disney check out my mini
documentary about independent citizen
journalists in Brazil challenging Rio's
police brutality this complex of favelas
was once firmly in the hands of the red
command a notorious and
narco-trafficking game but police have
established an occupation force here
part of the government's controversial
urban pacification initiative don't
forget to Like and subscribe to
test-tube news and make sure to check
out my channel Tim cast thanks for
watching and see you next time
