in February 2016 the Pakistan government
promised to amend their laws around
honor killings this comes on the heels
of the 2016 Academy award-winning short
documentary a girl in the river the
price of forgiveness the film tells the
story of a Pakistani woman who was badly
beaten shot in the head and left in a
river to die all because she married a
man whom her father and uncle didn't
approve in fact the UN has estimated
that as many as five thousand honor
killings like this occur every year so
what exactly are honor killings an honor
killing is the murder of one family
member by another due to a perceived
shameful act by the victim upon their
family or community they are
predominantly carried out in honor based
societies which define a person standing
by their integrity in the eyes of the
community those with honor are generally
viewed as good while those without are
shamed in these societies women are
believed to dishonor their families
through immoral often sexual behavior
because a woman is generally understood
as a man's property their betrayal
strips away their honor and can be
punishable by death honor killings can
happen as the result of a woman seeking
to escape from an arranged marriage
or having an extramarital affair they
can also stem from actions as basic as
dating someone not accepted by a family
or wearing western clothing some women
have even been killed after being victim
to a sexual assault or rape in 2015 a
Syrian woman was brutally murdered
allegedly by her father and brothers
after she was gang-raped the woman had
fled Syria two years earlier for fear
that her family would see her as unclean
honor killings were prominent in ancient
Rome where the male head of the family
could murder sexually active daughters
and adulterous wives this idea carried
into the Ottoman Empire where men who
were found guilty of killing their wives
were exempt from responsibility or given
reduced sentences Ottoman men were even
known to publicly boast about the act as
a way to increase their
honor interestingly this idea was
borrowed from an almost identical 19th
century French penal code which remained
on the books until 1975 today honor
killings are usually associated with
countries in the Middle East and North
Africa but the horrific practice still
occurs in other parts of the world
including India Europe Latin America and
the u.s. despite its prevalence in
Islamic regions honor killings are never
mentioned in the Quran or hadith and
religious authorities like Ayatollah
Khomeini of Iran have publicly denounced
the practice but in countries like
Jordan and Iraq the legal system tacitly
approves of honor killings as murder
sentences are reduced if the victim was
deemed to have brought dishonor to their
family in fact perpetrators in Jordan
reportedly served no more than six
months behind bars for the crime the
queen of Jordan has repeatedly spoken
out against honor killings
however the country's parliament has
resisted closing up loopholes that allow
killers to get off with little or no
punishment but government negligence is
only part of the problem the larger
issue is the subordinate rule women play
in society according to a 2013 study
nearly half of Jordanian boys and 20% of
girls believe that killing a woman in
the name of Honor is justifiable
religious and political leaders in
countries like Pakistan and Jordan are
pushing measures that would further
criminalize honor killings however the
heinous acts are likely to continue
until broad societal norms also give way
Westerners have a lot of misconceptions
about the Muslim world and the women in
it find out what some of them are by
watching this video up top or to learn
about some of the most women friendly
Muslim countries watch this video below
thanks for watching test-tube news don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos every day
