in recent years Europe has struggled
with right-wing groups skyrocketing in
popularity nationalist xenophobic and
ethnocentric parties like alternative
for Germany the French National Front
and the Dutch party for freedom have
seen unprecedented support while
Europeans struggle with widespread
crises so why are Europe's right-wing
groups on the rise well there's no real
question that most European countries
have been suffering over the past few
years
their proximity to the conflict in Syria
has led to mass migration forming a
basis for the current migrant crisis
2015 some more than a million migrants
enter Europe now with that came expected
and unexpected cultural clashing widely
publicized incidents like the mass
sexual assault on New Year's Eve in
Cologne have contributed to a narrative
of fear against migrant and Refugee
communities this fear has been seized
upon by populist right-wing groups such
as the alternative for Germany which is
seeing strong support against Chancellor
on the lamar's refugee program
conservatives say that this difficult
situation is the result of liberal
democratic policies one example is
Sweden which is known for accepting up
to twice as many refugees per capita
than most other European countries the
last five years have seen the far-right
anti-immigration group ironically called
the Sweden Democrats jump from about
three percent of the vote in 2006 to
more than 25% approval in national
polling in 2015 moreover in analysis by
vaca t'v found that as migrant numbers
increased so did European nationalist
party rankings on Facebook this was
especially evident in wealthy stable
countries but besides the influx of
migrants many are looking to right-wing
ideology as their economy struggles
conservative rhetoric is often based on
fiscal responsibility and the
elimination of a welfare state in
practice these groups spend massive
amounts of money on military and
business but ideas which promise paying
less in taxes at the expense of
disadvantaged minority groups resonate
with the majority population countries
like Greece Portugal Ireland and Spain
have massive financial issues related to
entitlement programs or insolvency this
culminated in more than half a million
Greek citizens voting for the
neo-fascist group Golden Dawn which has
been accused of being a criminal
organisation and allegedly
in murder money-laundering and
trafficking the group saw the most votes
in areas of poverty as well as from
citizens who live in regions with high
migrant populations in total they
received 7% of the vote
by comparison pre debt crisis elections
saw Golden Dawn received less than half
a percent high unemployment and
emigration have long shown to help
nationalist and populist groups gain
support around the world as current
European governments struggle to contain
both economic and migrant crises it's no
surprise that right-wing parties have
harnessed the palpable fear and
uncertainty for the future but it isn't
just a political ideology there have
been real-life consequences to Europe's
ongoing crises learn about what the EU
is doing to try and stop the influx of
migrants a number of Schengen
participating countries including
Austria Denmark France Germany Norway
and Sweden have already enacted border
controls this crisis has many wondering
if a borderless Europe will soon be a
thing of the past thanks for watching
test-tube news make sure to LIKE and
subscribe for new videos every day
