in February 2016 a Peruvian man was
killed by a landmine while trying to
illegally cross the border into Chile
hostilities between the two countries
were already at a high because Peru
established a new district in a disputed
border zone these events are a new
chapter in a long fought land war and
decades of political tension between the
two countries so why do Peru and Chile
hate each other well much of the two
countries troubles stem from the war of
the Pacific during the late 19th century
at the time Peru and Bolivia jointly
owned 350 miles of valuable mineral rich
land which Chile was increasingly
attempting to lay claim on Peru resisted
as Chile continued to move its borders
north and the three countries eventually
declared war after five years of
fighting and 35,000 Peruvian casualties
she lay ultimately prevailed by 1884
Bolivia was landlocked and Peru's
economy was decimated as a result of the
war in the 1970s Peru was further
alienated by Chile after a us-backed
coup instituted the Chilean military
dictator Augusto Pinochet Pinochet felt
threatened by Chile's neighboring
countries and planted nearly 200,000
landmines along some of their borders it
took until 1990 for the abusive leader
to relinquish his presidency but the
decades-old conflict between Peru and
Chile remained and spawned a dispute
over their shared border although the
two countries established maritime
borders in 1952 they disagree over where
the coastal border starts Peru alleged
that the starting point was based on a
post-war treaty from 1929 but Chile
marked that point by following
longitudinal lines which actually
intersect 300 yards northeast in 2008
Peru filed a case over the dispute with
the International Court of Justice in
2014 that court ruled on the side of
Chile but also granted Peru extra
maritime waters Peru disagreed with the
ruling however and claimed the 0.01
square mile piece of disputed border
land as their own this tiny piece of
Coast is known as the terrestrial
triangle and in 2015 Peru created an
administrative district in that
contested area Chilean officials however
publicly denounced the move an accused
Peru's president of using the dispute to
boost his
record low approval rating by appealing
to nationalist sentiments Peruvian
officials insist that the new district
is part of a national effort to
decentralize the population and further
develop border zones despite recent
hostility relations between Chile and
Peru are generally improving the two
countries signed a free trade agreement
in 2009 that increased bilateral trade
to roughly three billion dollars a year
as of 2014
Chilean companies had invested more than
13 billion dollars in Peru's private
sector and the number of Peruvian
citizens living in Chile had grown to
about a hundred and fifty thousand still
neither country is fully satisfied with
their claim on valuable waters and
dubious borderland and full diplomacy
remains uncertain Chile and Peru aren't
the only South American countries with a
turbulent history Colombia and Venezuela
have been butting heads for decades to
learn more about their relations watch
this video here a major source of their
dispute is over the gulf of Venezuela
parts of the Gulf were allocated to both
countries by the king of Spain and in a
subsequent treaty however the maritime
border was not defined leading to both
claiming portions of that territory
thanks for watching test-tube news
everyone make sure to LIKE and subscribe
so that you get new videos from us every
day
