the 2016 election has heard a lot of
talk about campaign finance reform and
the effect of money in politics
so does money actually influence
elections well to start political
expenditures have changed dramatically
over the past few elections in 2008 side
spending on political campaigns was
roughly fifty million dollars in 2012 it
was more than 1 billion so what changed
well in January of 2010 the US Supreme
Court ruled in a case known as Citizens
United which basically allowed unlimited
political spending by individuals and
corporations the way this works is that
although the law sets a limit on
contributions directly to a candidate
there's no limit on indirect candidate
contributions this is where the commonly
used term super PAC or political action
committee comes in in election context a
super PAC is an organization which takes
in unlimited political donations usually
in support of a specific candidate
although they're not allowed to
coordinate with a candidate directly
this rule is clearly and openly
ineffective the money is spent on things
like events staff salaries even health
insurance not unlike a business but
generally about 75% of the funds go
towards direct advertising like mail
radio television and Internet ads so
what does it mean that candidates can
raise unlimited amounts of money it
means they can win elections and this is
distinctly noticeable in regional
elections even more so than with
presidential elections during the 2012
races in the US House of Representatives
nearly every single winner had raised
more money than their opponent however
the parallel between election
performance and campaign spending isn't
necessarily causative some economists
point out that successful candidates are
not just good statesmen they're good
politicians those who already have more
supporters will naturally raise more
money and voters can be unsure of
spending money on a weak candidate one
analysis by MIT economist Stephen D
Levitt found that raising campaign
spending only had a marginal effect on
final vote count and perhaps tellingly
that same year in 2012 each presidential
campaign spent roughly a billion dollars
each but when the votes came in Obama
won with a leaf
51% of the popular vote against Romney's
47% on the other hand although popular
candidates may raise more money from
their supporters the majority of money
in politics comes from a very small pool
of donors in fact according to the
Center for Responsive Politics less than
one-quarter of 1% of the US population
accounted for two-thirds of the total
amount of federal contributions in 2014
moreover only about 32 thousand people
or just 1% of 1% of the population
contributed a billion dollars or nearly
30% of the 2014 federal contributions in
the 2016 election with the exception of
Bernie Sanders all other candidates have
actively sought the support of
millionaires and billionaires to fund
their campaigns candidate Donald Trump
is himself a billionaire it's clear that
there is a concentrated group of people
who are able to dictate which candidates
will be better funded especially within
Congress but as was seen in the 2012
election although Mitt Romney's campaign
outspent Obama's by about a hundred and
seventy-five million dollars he still
ended up losing the real question about
money in politics is what the 1% of the
1% expect in return for their enormous
contributions luckily it doesn't cost a
lot of money to have your voice heard
politically or otherwise this episode is
brought to you by Squarespace to help
you build a website even if you've never
done it before when you sign up for a
year they'll give you a domain name for
free and if you type in test-tube at the
checkout you'll get an extra 10% off
Squarespace you should super PACs have a
huge role in political campaign
donations for a deeper dive into what
they are and how they actually work
check out our video legally it was
argued that spending is speech even if
that speaker is a corporation this led
to the creation of super PACs
essentially super PACs are allowed to
give unlimited funds from people
corporations and unions the only rule is
that super PACs must operate
independently of candidates test-tube
news is super close to reaching a
million subscribers if you want to help
us reach that goal be sure to hit the
subscribe button thanks for watching
we'll see you next time
