in early 2016
Pope Francis suggested that Republican
presidential candidate Donald Trump was
not Christian this was in response to
Trump's anti-immigration comments and
ongoing threats to close the US border
the Pope's allegation could be
problematic for Trump as all US
presidents in recent history have
identified as Christian but does this
matter does the u.s. president need to
be Christian legally no article 6 of the
US Constitution prohibits any religious
requirement for federal office this was
drafted in 1787 roughly a decade after
the founders had left the Anglican
monarchy of England there all public
officials were required to swear
allegiance to the church with the
problems of religious favoritism fresh
in their minds the founders sought to
make political office open to all
nonetheless seven states have since
barred non-believers from holding public
office
the founding fathers intentionally
created a nation based on free will
rather than religious doctrine in fact
in a treaty with the Muslim territory of
Tripoli in 1797 the u.s. confirmed that
it is not in any sense grounded in
Christianity but religion slowly made
its way back into legal doctrine in the
centuries that followed particularly
during times of nationalist sentiment
for instance during the Civil War the
u.s. added in god we trust' to some of
its coinage and in 1908 Congress made
the phrase mandatory religious rhetoric
like one nation under God and in god we
trust'
was added to paper money and the Pledge
of Allegiance in the 1950s as a way for
the country to reaffirm its Christian
identity at a time of growing communist
threat this confirmed an already broad
understanding of the u.s. as a Christian
nation but even though federal law
protects against a church run government
a 2016 Pew Research survey showed that
for more than half of all Americans it
is important for the President to share
their religious views when it comes to
Republicans this number increases to 64%
moreover Democrats and Republicans alike
tend to view atheism unfavorably in fact
only 6% of
Americans said they were more likely to
vote for a non-religious presidential
candidate and no living American has
ever known a secular president every US
president in history has been a
Christian except for Thomas Jefferson
and Abraham Lincoln Jefferson abandoned
Christianity early in life but continued
to believe in an unnamed higher power
this belief system was highly subversive
at the time and his opponents called him
an infidel and a howling atheist by
comparison
Lincoln mentioned God frequently but
never joined a church or officially
labeled his faith though this is
contested among scholars today but this
trend is faltering studies from Pugh
show that the United States is less
religious than it was about a decade ago
in 2014 nearly a quarter of the country
reported no religious affiliation
compared to just 16% in 2007 however
this does not imply that many Americans
are abandoning their faith rather it
reflects a growing minority of people
particularly Millennials who don't
affiliate with any organized religion
perhaps this is why the 2016
presidential election has seen little
association between a candidate's faith
and their popularity Republican
frontrunner Donald Trump identifies as a
Christian however he has been criticized
for questionable faith related behavior
namely his inability to named Bible
verses and his past support of secular
causes like abortion
moreover Trump's Democratic counterpart
Bernie Sanders is a non-practicing Jew
yet both are doing well in the pool so
in the end maybe a president doesn't
necessarily need to be Christian but if
they want to win an election they should
think twice before abandoning religion
altogether so you don't have to be
religious to be president but there are
a number of qualifications you do have
to possess so just what does it take to
actually run for president check out
this video to find out if you been
impeached and convicted the Senate can
prevent you from serving as president
additionally part of the 14th amendment
says that if you take part in a
rebellion or insurrection against the
United States after swearing and oath to
the Constitution you are disqualified
from holding the presidential office
however that one can be overturned by a
two-thirds vote from the
thanks for watching test-tube news don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos every day
