the death of US Supreme Court Justice
Antonin Scalia in early February 2016
has left eight justices instead of the
usual nine as long as Scalia's seat is
vacant there is room for a draw so what
happens if the Supreme Court ties
in 2015 out of 15 major Supreme Court
cases more than half came down to five
against four even the recent same-sex
marriage decision was five to four
showing just how evenly the courts are
split during the tenure of the current
crop of justices Elena Kagan Sonia
Sotomayor Ruth Bader Ginsburg and
Stephen Breyer have generally voted
along liberal lines while John Roberts
Clarence Thomas Samuel Alito and Anthony
Scalia have voted more conservatively
the ninth Justice Anthony Kennedy has
consistently voted moderately with about
half and half liberal and conservative
votes without Scalia Kennedy has
considerably more power in partisan
polarizing cases however having only
eight justices roll on a case does have
precedent in 2004 one former Justice was
absent from court due to thyroid cancer
but he was still able to keep up with
court proceedings despite missing oral
arguments justices are also allowed to
recuse themselves from a case leaving
only eight to vote on it this occurred
in 2010 when Justice Kagan recused
herself from the case Omega si vs.
Costco Wholesale corporation she had
been the Solicitor General for the
Department of Justice when the case was
originally filed before it made it to
the Supreme Court the eight member court
ended up ruling four to four so what
happened well to understand we need to
know how the Supreme Court works the
court is established to determine
whether or not laws and other legal
matters are in line with the
Constitution now in practice the Supreme
Court is an appellate court although it
does have original jurisdiction in some
cases what this means is that nearly all
of the cases that come to the Supreme
Court have already been ruled on by
lower court's a lower court is simply a
court whose decision is appealable to a
higher court with greater jurisdiction
the Supreme Court also known around the
world as a High Court cannot have the
ruling appealed their word is law and
sets a legal precedent on future cases
for all US courts so when the
eight-member Court tied in 2010 what
happened well technically nothing a time
the Supreme Court simply reaffirms the
decision of the most recent lower court
it effectively cancels the appeal
additionally a tie means that there is
no legal precedent set on the issue
in such cases instead of releasing a
majority and minority opinion the court
releases what is called a per curiam
decision
this is usually a collectively authored
simple rundown of the tied decision in
the 2010 Costco case the per curiam
stated the judgment is affirmed by an
equally divided Court Justice Kagan took
no part in the consideration or decision
of this case in the end a tied Supreme
Court makes support ineffective and with
such a split opinion among justices that
may be a big problem this episode is
brought to you by Squarespace if you
need to build a website but have no idea
where to start check out Squarespace
we'll give you a free domain name when
you sign up for a year and if you type
test-tube at checkout you'll get an
extra 10% off Squarespace you should
Capitol Hill is in a heated debate over
who will nominate Justice Scalia's
successor if you want to learn more
about the process of appointing a US
Supreme Court justice watch our video
here but when a justice resigns or dies
the Constitution says that the President
shall nominate and by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate shall
appoint among other positions the judges
of the Supreme Court there are actually
almost no qualifications for a justice
the president can nominate pretty much
anyone they don't even have to hold a
law degree or be born in the US thanks
for watching test-tube news be sure to
LIKE and subscribe for new videos every
day
