the 2016 Democratic Iowa caucus saw the
closest result in Iowa history less than
three tenths of a percent separated
Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton
additionally Clinton won in six tied
precincts by way of a coin toss such a
close start to the race made us want to
know what would happen if this trend
made it all the way to Election Day what
would happen if two presidential
candidates tied well while this may seem
unlikely it's actually easier than many
people think
the reason is that the u.s. population
doesn't actually elect their president
but rather state representatives do via
the Electoral College basically each
state has a given number of electors
which vary based on the population in
that state in total there are 538
electors some very populated states like
California wield 55 electoral votes
while sparser states like Alaska only
have three moreover in almost all states
if a candidate gets even slightly more
votes they get all of that state's
electoral votes this basic process is
written into article 2 of the US
Constitution
so has this ever led to a tie yep in
1800 at the time there were fewer states
fewer people and an odd rule where the
winner of the election became president
and the second runner-up became vice
president that'd be a little awkward
today when the results came out both
Thomas Jefferson and his running mate
Aaron Burr and received 73 electoral
votes each to break the tie the House of
Representatives voted amongst themselves
and eventually crowned Jefferson the
third president this unprecedented
situation led to the 12th amendment
which changed both the way Presidents
and vice presidents are picked as well
as the procedure in case of a tie the
biggest difference the 12th amendment
brought was that when the house would
vote on a tie for president instead of
States having a proportional number of
votes each state would only get one vote
so now California is nearly 39 million
person population equaled Wyoming's half
a million in representation but even if
there isn't a tie a close race can still
be difficult
in the 2000 election between George W
Bush and Al Gore both candidates were
short just a few electoral votes
necessary to win the final state which
would decide the race was Florida with
25 electoral votes
Florida's tally showed a difference of
less than 1,000 individual boats pushing
Gore to demand a recount of several
important counties however the Supreme
Court overruled the recount as
unconstitutional and reverted the
election to Bush it also brought about
one of the strongest arguments against
the electoral college
despite winning the largest number of
electoral votes by margin of just 537
individual votes in Florida Bush
actually got half a million fewer votes
in the overall election than Gore to
this day this election is one of the
most contentious in US history in the
end an actual tie or even getting close
to a tie would lead to some fairly non
democratic solutions although perhaps
that's not entirely surprising the
United States is by definition not a
true democracy but in fact a
constitutional republic
wait what America isn't a democracy
what does that mean what exactly is a
constitutional republic well you can
find out by watching this video all
about American democracy a direct
democracy enables citizens to vote
directly on every law ordinance and
appointment only in Switzerland are
there small regions with forms of direct
democracy although the country as a
whole is still representative thanks for
watching test-tube news make sure to
LIKE and subscribe for new videos every
day
