by 2017 the United Kingdom is expected
to hold a referendum to decide whether
or not to remain a member of the
European Union the UK has been a part of
the EU since 1973 and decided to remain
a member state after a referendum in
1975 so why does the UK want to leave
the EU well Prime Minister David Cameron
has said that the EU imposes too many
restrictions on British lawmakers
critics say that the UK will be forced
to abandon its pound currency and adopt
the euro currency which has historically
been the weaker of the two adoption of
the euro is expected of all EU countries
by the year 2020 but many are worried
that the euro is not only unstable but
able to be influenced by weaker
countries like Greece the UK is also
concerned about European restrictions
imposed on their immigration laws the EU
currently provides the ability for
migrants to access employment and
benefit however the British prime
minister has been working to restrict
benefits and housing to those who have
been in the country for at least four
years this proposal has been directly
opposed by the European Commission
leading many Britons to question why the
EU has so much say in British welfare
some conservative groups feel like
Europe is manipulating the British
government and that policymakers have
lost control over trade human rights and
migration EU law is supreme over you
Kayla meaning that lawmakers in the
British House of Commons are technically
beholden to those in the European
Parliament in Brussels anti-eu activists
believe that European regulations will
undermine British interests so how would
a British exit affect both the EU and
the UK well analysts say it could join
Norway Iceland and Liechtenstein and
direct single market access this would
be enacted for the existing agreement on
the European Economic Area many trade
regulations would remain the same
without imposing the same export and
import tariffs as non EU countries
however it wouldn't help the UK's issues
with free movement of labour which is
still guaranteed in the EEA agreement it
would also slow investment in the UK
which would no longer be seen as an
entryway into
you trade similarly the EU would lose
some of its clout as one of its largest
economic and political heavyweights goes
off on its own but all this is based on
who you ask at the moment the EU and UK
are in talks to resolve their
differences but if they can't come to a
solution the scheduled referendum will
likely take place over all the United
Kingdom hasn't made up its mind on the
EU yet and it will take the upcoming
referendum to solve the question once
and for all Greece has also threatened
to leave the eurozone raising the
question of whether being an EU member
is even worth it learn more about the EU
struggles in our video here in 1993 the
European Union as we now know it emerged
and offered all EU citizens a common
visa a common legislative and judicial
body and common voting rights later in
the 90s a common currency the euro was
also established between many of the
European Union members thanks for your
help test-tube news is so close to
hitting 1 million subscribers so make
sure to LIKE and subscribe for new
videos every day
you
