since Donald Trump announced his
presidential candidacy in June of 2015
his unprecedented rise has shocked most
of the political world despite members
of the Republican establishment
predicting the collapse of his campaign
he has so far pulled ahead of any other
candidate this support points to a split
within the Republican Party and a lack
of cohesion so why is the Republican
Party so fractured well today there's a
clear divide between both ideology and
representation within the Republican
Party on one side are established
moderate career politicians their
primary focus over the past few decades
has been on limited government a strong
national defense and the traditional
family however in recent years a huge
portion of the Republican base has
complained that they do not feel
accurately represented by who they call
Washington insiders this base is more
predominantly focused on social issues
like gay marriage and abortion as well
as religious rights during the election
and presidency of George W Bush these
two bases were still able to work
together Bush ideologically appealed to
far-right voters while passing policy
decisions influenced by political
insiders like Dick Cheney but that
changed in 2008 the Republican nominee
John McCain was a decidedly moderate
Republican some say that his inability
to address the far-right contributed to
President Barack Obama's victory
following the election a faction of the
Republican Party broke away and with a
financial support of the Koch brothers
formed the Tea Party unlike the
moderates the Tea Party appeals to its
members on a populist and nativist
platform the divide between moderate
conservatives and far-right II partiers
is clear in polling while candidates
like Jeb Bush have called for a pathway
to citizenship for undocumented
immigrants there is a larger proportion
of Republicans who want them deported
this divide has led to chaos in Congress
in 2013 the government shutdown after
far-right members of Congress refused to
pass a substantial funding bill as it
did not defund Obamacare there are even
divisions on key Republican issues like
taxation with considerably higher rates
of tea partiers opposing taxes on the
wealthy and the situation has gotten
even more complicated in 2015 over 30
Republican members in the House branched
off to create the freedom caucus the
group allegedly forced the former
Speaker of the House John Boehner to
resign and after an extended appointment
period the new Speaker Paul Ryan only
agreed to fill the role with the
cooperation of the freedom caucus the
success of Washington Outsiders like
Trump and to a lesser extent ben Carson
and Carly Fiorina makes sense it points
to a new direction for the Republican
Party away from establishment
politicians with calls for the tea party
to officially break away from the GOP
the future for fractured Republicans
seems uncertain what's clear is that the
two sides no longer see eye-to-eye but
there are issues that both moderate and
far-right Republicans can agree on check
out this video at the top to find out
what Republicans believe and if you want
to learn more about the candidates in
the race for the White House we've put
together a playlist for you at the
bottom thanks for watching test-tube
news make sure to LIKE and subscribe for
new videos every day
