January 1st 2016 marks the 57th
anniversary of Fidel Castro's takeover
of Cuba when his communist rebels seized
power from the pro-us Batista regime
President Eisenhower was adversarial to
Castro's takeover and for decades the
u.s. held an embargo against Cuba but
the US has since easily embargo and Cuba
relaxed its strict communist economy in
light of its turbulent history we wanted
to know just how powerful is Cuba well
at roughly 43,000 square miles
Cuba is about the size of the US state
of Virginia and is by far the largest
country in the Caribbean Cuba is home to
more than 11 million people rivaling its
neighbors Haiti and the Dominican
Republic in population in fact a cuarto
Caribbean residents live in Cuba but
given its size and relatively large
population Cuba actually has a very weak
military shortly after Castro took over
in 1959 Cuba gained military support
from the Soviet Union as a communist
friendly country this military
relationship even nearly led to nuclear
warfare during the Cold War with the
1962 Cuban Missile Crisis at the time
the Soviet Union attempted to store
nuclear missiles in Cuba which is within
striking distance of the US this led to
an intense standoff between Russia and
America which was resolved after a
series of diplomatic agreements after
the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991 Cuba
fell into a fiscal crisis that decimated
its military today Cuba only spends
about 1% of its GDP on defense compared
to the NATO recommended minimum of 2.5
percent and the u.s. is 3.5% but with a
GDP of about 77 billion dollars Cuba
somewhat recovered from that economic
downturn since 1996 s GDP has steadily
risen every year and since Fidel
transferred his presidential duties to
brother Raul in 2006 the Cuban
government has begun to let some private
industries flourish as of 2011 Cubans
can legally buy electronics stay in
hotels and sell their cars and houses
still the country remains communist and
the government controls nearly all means
of production as a result the average
salary in Cuba is just $22 a month and
standard
of living haven't changed much since
1980s in fact many Cubans have left the
country in search of better economic
opportunities since Castro took over in
1959 more than 1 million Cubans have
migrated to the US via homemade rafts
music fake visas and other illegitimate
means this has left Cuba's population
stagnant over the last 20 years so how
powerful is Cuba well on a global scale
the country is not very influential as
economic disparity lingers from the
country's violent and complicated
history
however Cuba's recent uptick in tourism
and deregulation of private industries
shows that country is making huge
advances Cuba's former ally Russia is
not the Soviet Union's superpower it
used to be or is it find out in our
video
Russia has an estimated eight hundred
and forty five thousand active-duty
troops that's closer in size to the
South Korean army than it is to the US
Army and their number of troops is
actually one of their stronger points
thanks for watching and don't forget to
Like and subscribe for new videos
