since European settlement began in 1492
Native Americans in the United States
have seen their cultures wiped out their
land taken and even what some have
called a genocide of their people
millions of deaths alongside a subhuman
legal status crippled the Native
American population and contributed to
high rates of substance abuse poverty
and suicide but in recent years the
United States government has made
efforts to grant Native Americans some
level of autonomy by classing tribal
land as a separate self-governing
government so just how independent are
Native American reservations well
throughout the 19th century Native
Americans were rounded up and sent to
specific plots of land known as
reservations as part of the Indian
Removal Act of 1830 as the United States
government fine-tuned their relationship
with the many tribes a series of court
cases named after Supreme Court Chief
Justice John Marshall delegated
sovereign authority to these
reservations what this means is that
under federal law each reservation is
its own distinct nation with limited
dependence on the US government and the
state within which they are located this
domestic dependency relationship gives
these independent tribes control over
their territory they can levy taxes on
tribal members and even hold court cases
with legal punishments they also have to
pay US federal income taxes but not
necessarily state sales tax depending on
the reservation in return the US
government is tasked with protecting and
upholding tribal resources and
self-governance this separated but
dependent relationship explains how some
reservations are federally allowed to
build casinos or grow marijuana as they
are considered distinct from their
surrounding state however out of a total
population of about five million Native
Americans in the United States only
about 22 percent live on reservations
still despite existing as sovereign
nations the land those reservations are
on is still technically owned by either
the federal or state government it is
held in a trust on behalf of whichever
tribe lives on it additionally because
these tribes are both subject to federal
law and benefit
from special concessions within it it
would be hard to say that tribal
reservations have unlimited sovereign
power for example the 1978 American
Indian Religious Freedom Act
acknowledged that the federal government
had long infringed on Native Americans
freedom of religion as delegated in the
First Amendment in an effort to fix this
special rights were granted allowing
access to historical religious sites and
the use of sacred objects which may be
legally prohibited or regulated
otherwise in fact a 1994 addendum to the
act specifically approved the use of
peyote an illegal hallucinogenic drug in
spiritual ceremonies in the end it's
difficult to say how independent Native
American reservations are from the
United States the process by which
tribes first received any form of rites
continuing on to special concessions and
eventually quasi sovereignty is narrow
and complicated by some measures tribal
reservations are not only subject to the
United States but federally owned by
them in other ways they are
intentionally and distinctly treated as
foreign autonomous territories so which
is it
realistically both the US federal
government has taken some measures to
help Native Americans counteract
centuries of injustice find out more in
the video at the top and check out the
video at the bottom to learn about what
the first Thanksgiving was all about and
what Americans get wrong about the
holiday thanks for watching if you don't
want to miss out on more test-tube news
make sure you subscribe to our channel
so you get all of our videos and we will
see you next time
