as emerging economies continue to expand
their energy needs are set to grow
dramatically in the coming years the
International Energy Agency has even
predicted that global energy use will
increase by 30 percent over the next two
and half decades with crude oil the
source of so much volatility around the
world there is no question that the
future of energy will be based on
countries dedicated to alternative
renewable sources so which countries are
the most energy efficient well the
American Council for an energy-efficient
economy has ranked the world's 16
largest economies which account for
nearly three-quarters of global
electricity consumption this is based on
31 metrics spanning energy use in
buildings industry and transportation it
includes things like the country's
national energy savings goals vehicle
fuel economy standards and energy
consumed per foot of floor space the
United States ranks among the least
efficient at number 13 but across the
board Germany saw the greatest energy
efficiency scoring well in all metrics
but especially industry according to the
report German industry and manufacturing
is the second most fuel-efficient in the
world with plans to far surpass the
current leader Australia by 2020
part of the reason Germany is doing so
well is a national policy dedicated to
lowering energy use known as energy
transition the goal of this program is
to stop using coal and other non
renewable energy resources like oil
clearly it's been working so far in 2014
Germany accounted for half of the new
wind farms in the EU and has been
leading the world in energy efficiency
in an extremely close second place
overall Italy actually surpasses Germany
and transportation although they tie
with the UK for vehicle fuel efficiency
at nearly forty miles per gallon on
average Italians also travel the least
per-capita this low-impact high
efficiency makes Italy a world leader in
transit energy
additionally Italy tends to prioritize
its rail system over its roads leading
to more people taking the train and
thereby saving considerable energy still
Italy continues to primarily use fossil
fuels and actually scores the worst in
terms of commercial building energy
efficiency when it comes to buildings
China takes the lead they're polluting
past and wide range of energy and
efficiency may hold them back but
China's residential buildings use less
energy
we're foot than any other country in the
report this is partially due to the fact
that energy intensity is one of the
country's top priorities and despite
being known for wastefulness between
1980 and 2010 energy consumption
increased five times while the economy
grew 18 times between Germany Italy and
China emerging countries can look at
their journeys towards energy efficiency
and fine-tune their own programs for
maximum output still every country
surveyed has a long way to go and plenty
of areas to improve hopefully 2016 will
see even greater use of renewable and
alternative energies but while the
world's biggest economies are focused on
energy efficiency others are battling
energy poverty to get a close look at
how Tanzania fights blackouts and energy
shortages check out this video from our
sister network seeker stories it's
getting dark out and this facility has
no power ratio is about to see a client
who could give birth at any moment so
raycho basically has to do whatever she
can just to make it work to learn more
about energy poverty visit 1 org slash
energy thanks for watching test-tube
news we'll see you next time
