after nearly 50 years of being ruled as
a military dictatorship Myanmar began
its transition towards a democratic
government in 2010 now the country is
seeing a general election which may just
threaten the remaining military power
controlling the quasi democracy so we
wanted to know is Myanmar going through
a political revolution to bring you up
to speed
Myanmar has been marred by severe human
rights abuses including violence against
Muslim minority groups and a longtime
crackdown on political dissent the
current opposition leader Aung San su
she was placed under house arrest for a
total of 15 years while her party gained
popularity against the military status
quo during the country's first post
Hunta general election in 2010 su she
was barred from running her party
boycotted the election leading to the in
statement of former military commander
thane stain as president the UN and a
number of Western countries have called
a 2010 election unfair and fraudulent
today a number of similar issues still
exists although sushi is free the
country's post military Constitution
prevents her from serving as president
article 59 states that anyone with
family who pledges allegiance to another
country cannot become president or vice
president and sushis two children are
foreign citizens however her party has
promised to contest the prohibition in
this election if her party wins enough
parliamentary seats the Constitution
also allocates a quarter of
parliamentary seats to the military
making it much harder to transition away
from a military junta towards a free
democracy but it isn't just sushi and
others who cannot stand as candidates
many Muslims in Myanmar including the
most persecuted people in the world the
Rohingya Muslims are ineligible to vote
they are not accepted as citizens by the
predominantly Buddhist government and
have seen extreme violence displacing
hundreds of thousands some seven hundred
and sixty thousand people may be
prevented from voting after not being
reissued registration cards on the basis
of their ethnicity and
mijin although some are calling this
election Myanmar's latest attempt at
freedom and democracy it is clear that
there are severe imbalances preventing
significant forward progress until all
of Myanmar's people can vote and until
the military is separated from the
internal workings of its government it
is doubtful that the country will
achieve its future goals
Rohan GaN Muslims face widespread
oppression at the hands of Myanmar's
Buddhist government but why watch our
video to find out
pensions largely began during World War
two through a hinge of people in Burma
which is now known as Myanmar were loyal
to their previous British occupiers as a
result they were slaughtered tortured
and raped by the invading Japanese and
local forces more than 20,000 fled into
India thanks for watching our channel if
you want to keep watching more of our
videos don't forget to subscribe down
below to test-tube news thanks guys
