in March 2015 Lithuania reinstated
compulsory military service in response
to Russia's threatening territorial
ambitions this will give the Lithuanian
army access to nearly 4,000 additional
soldiers per year for many countries the
draft is an invaluable resource to
bolster our nation's military during
times of war so which countries around
the world still use conscription well
conscription also called a draft is when
a country requires that young physically
and mentally healthy people must enlist
in the national military historically
most drafts only recruited men however
some countries like Norway have recently
introduced female conscription into the
Armed Forces any conscientious objectors
or people who refuse to fight on moral
religious or political grounds are
commonly given roles away from combat
lines conscription is actually a very
old concept and there's evidence that in
ancient Egypt and ancient China a large
number of soldiers were conscripted
peasants but in modern times developed
nations have seen a trend towards
repealing draft laws instead favoring
voluntary armies professional volunteer
armies are often more highly skilled and
motivated compared to their drafted
counterparts in 1973 the United States
got rid of the draft although young men
must still register with the government
in case conscription is ever reinstated
within the European Union seven members
still retain some form of conscription
these countries are not at war and there
have been recent pushes to abolish the
draft however many people continue to
vote in favour of conscription because
they feel it brings communities together
and inspires nationalism the Swiss for
example believe that the draft unites
their diverse nation which has four
distinct languages and cultures other
countries keep the draft because they
are continuously under the threat of war
countries like Russia South Korea and
Israel are regularly involved in violent
conflicts with their neighbors having a
large army at their disposal is a
necessity during an emergency Israel in
particular due to its isolated position
in hostile territory has one of the
longest conscription periods in the
developed world men and women are asked
to serve for up to three years and many
see active service along the West Bank
and other flashpoints while no country
mandates indefinite conscription
countries like Eritrea in North Korea
come close in North Korea men and women
are reportedly required to serve up to
and sometimes longer human rights
organizations claimed that widespread
repression and forced labor during
conscription are common but in most
countries the chances of conscripted
citizens seeing combat are slim in
Norway although about 60,000 may be
called in for preliminary screening only
9,000 end up being drafted also in most
places men and women eligible for the
draft are usually able to choose between
community service and national defense
more than half of the world's countries
with active militaries do not maintain
the draft conscription as a practice was
much more popular in early history but
as Wars have changed the draft has
slowly lost its purpose still for small
countries like Lithuania it's best to
have the strongest armed force possible
in the face of Russian aggression many
countries use conscription to amplify
their military strength to learn more
about the most powerful militaries in
the world - check out our video in this
regard the United States is by far the
most powerful army in the world with a
budget of roughly six hundred billion
dollars the u.s. spends more on its
military than the next seven countries
combined China the next biggest spender
has a military budget of about a hundred
and thirty billion thanks for watching
test-tube news make sure to LIKE and
subscribe for new videos every day
