for decades English has dominated the
world's languages around the turn of the
millennium about a quarter of the
world's population could communicate in
English to some degree but with changing
world demographics and globalization the
languages we all use are sure to change
in form and popularity so we wanted to
know what is the future of language well
there are certainly competing ideas
about what will become the most widely
spoken language but one thing is agreed
upon that the total number of languages
worldwide will drop considerably today
they're about 7,000 languages spoken
around the globe this number is thought
to drop by about 90% although new hybrid
languages are expected to spring up
maintaining culture and diversity even
today nearly two-thirds of the world
natively speaks only one of 12 languages
most language predictions are based on
population growth with China and India
taking the lead another somewhat
questionable prediction has been that
French will become the most spoken
language within the same time period
although today French is natively spoken
by roughly 220 million that number is
expected to increase to roughly 750
million and the study suggests it will
eclipse both Chinese and English a major
reason for this assumption is that a
number of African nations speak French
and Africa's current economic growth is
a strong predictor of a rapid population
growth still many have criticized this
view saying that french-speaking nations
in Africa don't actually represent the
total number of French speakers but
while population growth is a good
measure of native language rates it may
actually be English as a second language
that dominates the world for example
although Chinese have spoken by more
people
English has spoken in three times as
many countries furthermore Chinese is
considered more complicated to learn
than English does not use nearly as
often in scientific communication it is
also important to note that English has
the considerable advantage of already
being the predominant language for print
education media and most importantly the
Internet many estimates also predict
that Spanish and Arabic will see a huge
influx of both native and secondary
speakers with Spanish already the second
most spoken language in the United
the future of language is easy to see
most languages will die out and existing
languages and countries with rapid
population growth will naturally see the
greatest rise but the most likely
scenario is that the world will continue
to globalize through the English
language largely through non-native
speakers the world is over 7,000
languages to learn more about the most
common languages spoken watch our video
technically Chinese is a macro language
made up of seven major groups spread out
over more than 200 different dialects in
particular Mandarin represents the vast
majority of Chinese speakers some 70%
thanks for watching test-tube news make
sure to LIKE and subscribe to our
Channel and we'll see you next time
