on October 1st 2015
an Oregon Community College student
opened fire on campus killing nine
people and injuring many more media
reports have described the gunman as
mentally unstable yet he had passed
federal background checks necessary to
purchase firearms and possessed 14 guns
so do background checks really work well
before 1994 federal law didn't require
gun dealers to run background checks and
many people just lied about their
eligibility to own a firearm but after
an assassination attempt on Ronald
Reagan Congress passed legislation
requiring federal background checks
these checks are completed using an FBI
database
factors that can disqualify a gun buyer
include being a convicted criminal or a
fugitive using illegal drugs until
illness illegal immigration being
dishonorably discharged from the Army
and renouncing US citizenship since 1998
the FBI has processed more than 200
million applications and denied only
about a million of them but with so many
high profile mass shootings in the last
few decades many are saying that current
background checks aren't doing enough
one major problem is that private
parties are still able to sell firearms
without doing any background checks on a
buyer this is known as the gun show
loophole to combat this type of
potentially dangerous sale politicians
like Hillary Clinton and Joe Biden who
expressed support for universal
background checks this would force all
gun sales public and private to include
a mandatory background check another
drawback to the current system is that
background checks don't check too deeply
into mental competence before the 2007
Virginia Tech shooting a state judge had
previously deemed the shooter mentally
ill yet he still passed two background
checks and was able to purchase guns
legally pertinent information like
medical histories or records of erratic
behavior can be inaccessible to federal
authorities so do gun background checks
work well not really
while they may keep guns out of the
hands of some criminal or mentally
unstable individuals they're still
widely accessible through the
black-market and theft or simply
available to purchase from a relative or
a friend although federal checks do
serve a purpose they're not nearly
comprehensive enough to filter out every
dangerous gun buyer
President Obama has said that 40% of gun
sales are done privately without
background checks
unfortunately stricter background checks
are thought to be violations of privacy
as well as the Second Amendment whether
Americans are willing to forgo their
love of guns and privacy in exchange for
fewer gun deaths is yet to be seen the
US has more mass shootings than any
other industrialized country to find out
why check out this video according to
media sources there have only been about
72 mass shootings in the last 30 years
meanwhile a cited list of mass shooting
incidents lists 337 and 2014 alone
thanks for watching test-tube news make
sure to LIKE and subscribe for new
videos every day
