in July 2015 the Dalai Lama turned 80
years old as a spiritual leader of Tibet
he has spent most of his life advocating
for Tibetan independence and autonomy
from China the issue of China ruling
over autonomous regions is controversial
many wonder whether they should belong
to China at all so what are China's
autonomous regions and are they really
all that autonomous well the autonomous
regions were mostly established during
the mid 20th century as China would
capture nearby territory populated by an
ethnic minority others are former
provinces delegated to threatened ethnic
groups while Han Chinese make up most of
China's population there are 55
officially recognized ethnic groups in
the country autonomous regions are meant
to provide a few of these marginalised
groups with self-appointed local
governments the most well-known
autonomous region is Tibet since China's
communist army annexed the Tibetan
region and established an autonomous
zone in 1965 many have protested China's
encroachment Tibetans believe themselves
to be culturally distinct from the
Chinese and harbor resentment from
China's Cultural Revolution which saw
the destruction of many Tibetan
monasteries Amnesty International and
the UN have accused the Chinese
government of human rights violations
against Tibetans and protesters
including wrongful imprisonment torture
and even executions while Tibetan
separatists get the most attention the
most violent and radical separatist
movement is in the far western
autonomous region of xinyang the local
Muslim Uighur population sees Chinese
control as an illegal occupation of
their long-held territory in addition
the Chinese have implemented
restrictions on Islamic practices and
put tight controls on religious schools
unlike peaceful Tibetans Rieger
separatists have resorted to terrorist
violence in order to liberate the region
in 2014 the wiegert's were held
responsible for a deadly train station
attack which killed 29 civilians but not
every Autonomous Region is marred by
this kind of tension Ningxia in central
China is home to most of the nation's
non violent Muslim population known
the hue people Inner Mongolia in the
north is home to China's Mongol
population it also hosts most of the
country's coal industry which makes up a
quarter of the world's total coal
reserves Wang XI on the southern coast
is a peaceful and prosperous
agricultural hub while the Chinese
government claims to offer more rights
for ethnic minorities in these regions
they are autonomous in name only Chinese
culture still dominates and top-level
political leaders are still usually of
Han Chinese descent beyond segregating
minorities there is little difference
between an autonomous region and a
normal Chinese province tensions among
ethnic groups are a pretty big issue in
China so is income inequality and
corruption which is evident if you look
at their huge number of billionaires to
find out more about China's burgeoning
billionaire class check out our video
money from new ventures flows mainly
upwards to an elite group of business
executives and politicians reportedly
about ten percent of government spending
contracts and transactions are used as
kickbacks and bribes or simply stolen
this corruption may stem from some
traditional Chinese business
relationships which undermine
free-market policies thanks for watching
test-tube news guys don't forget to like
and subscribe to see more of our videos
daily
