every year much of the Western world
commemorates VE Day which marks the end
of World War two in Europe but in Canada
and the Netherlands VE Day also
represents the beginning of a unique
diplomatic relationship so why do Canada
and the Netherlands love each other well
relations between Canada and the
Netherlands actually stem back to 1940
when Germany began its occupation of the
Netherlands during World War two to stay
safe during the war the Dutch royal
family took refuge in Canada for five
years during which time the Queen gave
birth to her daughter Princess Margaret
interestingly the Ottawa Hospital where
Margaret was born was temporarily
declared Dutch territory so that she
could obtain dual citizenship Canada was
also crucial to the Netherlands during
the final months of the war by which
time German occupation had resulted in
mass starvation and tens of thousands of
civilian casualties Canada's Air Force
carried out food drops to isolated Dutch
cities and fought alongside their army
to push up the Nazis after the war ended
Canadian forces remained in the
Netherlands to distribute food and
rebuild communities because of this
they're widely regarded among the Dutch
as both liberators and saviors since the
war Canada and the Netherlands alliance
has only grown stronger both are
founding members of a number of
international organizations including
NATO and the Organization for Security
and Cooperation what's more the two
countries jointly supported a 1996 UN
resolution to ban anti-personnel mines
and have worked together on a number of
peacekeeping missions Dutch forces even
fought alongside the Canadian Army
during the war in Afghanistan until the
Netherlands withdrew from the conflict
in 2010 the two countries also share
strong business ties the Netherlands is
Canada's second largest source of direct
foreign investment and its primary
Seaport plays a key role in transporting
Canadian goods throughout Europe in 2014
bilateral trade exceeded seven billion
dollars leading the Canadian government
called the Netherlands one of Canada's
most significant trade investment and
innovation partners the Dutch also have
a long history of migrating to Canada in
the late 19th century thousands of Dutch
farmers settled in the Canadian West a
second and third wave of immigrants
arrived after World War one and two and
today about 1 million
in Dutch reside in Canada making them
one of the country's largest immigrant
groups friendly relations between Canada
and the Netherlands should come as no
surprise as they share a number of
similarities both are parliamentary
democracies with a history of supporting
liberal values like environmental
conservation same-sex marriage and
universal health care both boast
extremely low rates of crime and
corruption and are involved in very few
international disputes but should a War
break out there's no question Canada and
the Netherlands would have each other's
backs we couldn't make fascinating
episodes like this without our sponsor
domain.com if you're an entrepreneur
innovator or building a small business
domain.com is the place to go when that
next great idea hits you join millions
of others online with your com or.net
domain name be recognized with the
world's premier web addresses and our
friends at domain.com are giving seeker
fans 20% off domain names and web
hosting when you use coupon code seeker
at checkout across the board Canada is a
pretty friendly country and despite
Russia's large number of
intergovernmental conflicts even they
are pretty cool with Canada kind of find
out more about Canada and Russia's
complicated alliance by watching this
video in the mid-1940s
a Soviet embassy clerk defected to
Canada and revealed the extent of
Russia's spy network this event
according to some sparked the Cold War
itself thanks for watching seeker daily
don't forget to Like and subscribe for
new videos every day
