in August 2015 Japan protested Russia's
decision to send an official into
mutually disputed territory the Kuril
Islands they alleged that Russia must
seek permission from Japan to visit the
contested Islands while Russia maintains
they have no obligation to do so
the two countries have been in dispute
over the Kuril Islands since World War
two so why are Russia and Japan still at
war
well the territory in question is a
string of small islands running from
northern Japan to eastern Russia
portions of the islands had been claimed
by both countries since the 18th century
but by World War two Japan was
effectively in control of the islands in
the last few days of World War two the
Soviets began a massive invasion of
Japanese territory seizing North Korea
and the Kuril Islands when the war ended
the question of how to allocate Japan's
former territory became a problematic
topic the 1945 Yalta agreement between
the u.s. the UK and the USSR
decided that the Soviet Union would
receive the Kuril Islands if they went
to war against Japan however just a few
months later the Potsdam Declaration
laid out the terms of Japan's surrender
to Allied forces these terms granted
Japan sovereignty over a number of
relevant islands in the Kuril island
chain although most of the islands are
not mentioned by name Japan and the US
have maintained that the phrase minor
islands includes the disputed territory
finally a third document the 1951 Treaty
of San Francisco created the most
confusion while the agreement was
intended to be a final peace treaty
between Japan and the Allies the Kuril
disputes stood in the way the treaty
stated that Japan would renounce its
claim over the islands but it did not
grant the Soviet Union any control over
them as a result the USSR refused to
sign the document which led to the u.s.
revoking Russia's rights to the islands
the allies agreed that non signatories
to the peace treaty would not be granted
any territorial claims in 1956 the two
countries signed a joint declaration
effectively postponing the question
along with any peace treaty agreements
today the islands are controlled by
Russia and are generally acknowledged to
be Russian territory most of the 20,000
inhabitants are of Slavic descent in
recent years Russia has taken a
particularly
recive stands on territory control
leaving little room for japan to ever
reclaim the islands
unfortunately considering the scope of
both countries territorial disputes it
seems unlikely that either one will back
down and make peace while Russia and
Japan don't have the warmest
relationship South Korea has some
serious grudges against Japan to find
out more about why one hates the other
watch our video comfort women as the sex
slaves were called were often kidnapped
and forced to work after the war was
over and brothels were disbanded tens of
thousands of surviving women who had
dealt with STDs and traumatic injuries
were not acknowledged by Japanese
leaders until the 1990s thanks for
watching test-tube news make sure to
LIKE and subscribe
