during the 2012 election the Koch
brothers helped raise more than 400
million dollars mostly for the
Republican Party the 2016 election is
likely to see as much as a billion
dollars coming from Charles and David
Koch this partnership has seen
significant influence in politics but
the brothers are known for keeping a low
profile so we wanted to know how
powerful are the Koch brothers
well the Koch brothers are among the top
10 richest people in the world with a
net worth of about 42 billion dollars
each their company Koch Industries is
one of the largest oil conglomerates and
the second most profitable private
corporation in the US although the
brothers regularly invest in Republican
political campaigns there are self
professed libertarians they oppose
social welfare climate change
legislation and high taxation
however they avoid support for gay
marriage abortion rights and marijuana
legalization like many libertarians they
are in favor of free market competition
and privatization of programs like
Medicare and Social Security the cokes
are well known for investing millions in
lobbying efforts to overturn
controversial bills like Obamacare in
fact they've donated more money than any
other private individuals in order to
delay the enforcement of climate change
regulations they funneled so much money
into the political system that they've
been accused of attempting to buy the
country many of their donations come in
the form of either funding political
action committees and conservative think
tanks or fundraising for similar causes
they are known to fund groups like the
Cato Institute Americans for Prosperity
and the Tea Party Americans for
Prosperity has donated millions to
conservative political candidates like
Scott Walker and in 2010 they
contributed to a successful run for
governor of Wisconsin for the 2012
presidential election the Koch brothers
were one of Mitt Romney's most
instrumental donors additionally with
their influence over members of Congress
the Koch brothers are said to be one of
the main roadblocks for updates and
climate change legislation through
political action committees the folks
have donated millions towards
mudslinging ads against Obamacare and
Democratic congressmen their actions
have drawn IR from President Obama and
other liberals who think their big-money
activism wields
unfair influence over government
policies Democratic Senator Harry Reid
has referred to them as power drunk
billionaires responsible for a flood of
dark money into our political system the
2010 Citizens United US Supreme Court
case has allowed the Koch brothers
unprecedented ability to mask huge
political donations by funneling their
donations through a corporation or labor
union they are able to give unlimited
amounts of money to political groups and
get around the personal limits this
gives them considerable influence the
network of donations from the Koch
brothers and Koch Industries to
countless lobbying groups on their
behalf has been called LeBron thean and
excessively complicated by many
reporters with the Koch brothers plan to
donate 889 million dollars to the 2016
presidential race many are worried how
far the cokes influence will reach
clearly having a small group of people
with disproportionate political
influence is far from democratic the
Koch brothers are the only billionaires
who are getting involved in politics to
find out more about that watch this
video they're generally anti-war and
anti corporate welfare they're generally
for gay marriage abortion rights and the
decriminalization of marijuana and they
are both obsessed with freedom thanks
for watching make sure to LIKE and
subscribe to test-tube news so you don't
miss out on our new videos see you next
time
