in 2014 an American pornstar auctioned
off a lead role in one of her films for
several thousand dollars but since that
part included sexual acts some have
asked how this situation differs from
prostitution so what is the difference
how is pornography legal well
prostitution is defined as a sexual act
that is given or received for money or
other payment with a few exceptions in
rural Nevada prostitution is prohibited
by law in most of America both sellers
and buyers of sex can be punished with
fines and jail time according to the US
government prostitution directly
contributes to the modern-day slave
trade and is inherently demeaning now
technically pornography is very similar
to prostitution because porn stars are
being paid to depict sexual acts
however porn is considered to fall under
a form of artistic expression and thus
protected by the First Amendment
unlike prostitution at the heart of the
matter is the fact that prostitution is
viewed by the government as being
detrimental to society while pornography
is thought to have at least some kind of
culturally significant value of course
there are forms of porn that overstep
this boundary and are considered illegal
in particular the First Amendment does
not apply to things that are considered
obscene obscenity in extreme porn is
off-limits meaning that there can be no
pornos featuring animals corpses urine
or feces and child pornography is also
strictly forbidden in California court
cases there were also a few other
distinguishing features of pornography
that helped confirm its difference from
prostitution in porn the camera is the
primary reason and motivation for the
sex act where is in prostitution it's
completely unnecessary also for porn the
main beneficiary is the porn viewer and
not the client as it is in prostitution
to prove a film company is really making
pornography and not simply just trying
to justify prostitution they must
confirm that they intend to distribute
the films they shoot there are also
multiple business filming licenses
necessary and the company must keep
detailed records of their performers if
a company isn't careful they could be
susceptible to prostitution accusations
although the line between porn and
prostitution seems thin there are strict
guidelines regulating pornography which
would be difficult to prove
purely sexual transaction although porn
is considered legal pornography
producers are occasionally prosecuted
for not following the rules and straying
close to prostitution or outside the
bounds of the First Amendment just
because there's a camera present doesn't
make it legal
could you imagine watching up to 700
porn videos a day for a living that's
what these sensors in China do watch
this video from seeker daily to learn
more about them so when police raid a
suspicious DVD store let's say someone
has to go through each confiscated movie
to determine if it truly is pornographic
this someone holds the title of chief
pornography identifier and reports to
the office of eliminating pornography
and illegal publications thanks for
watching test-tube news everyone don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos every day of the week and we'll
see you next time
