in August 2015 video from the Islamic
state urges supporters to help the
terrorist group overthrow the Turkish
government this comes on the heels of
the first direct fight between Isis and
Turkey a month earlier but the two
forces now actively engaged we wanted to
know if Isis's threat is even possible
could Isis overthrow Turkey the new Isis
attributed video paints Turkey's
president as a traitor for colluding
with the United States and calls on
Muslims in Turkey to rise up and conquer
the current government but this isn't
the first time they've threatened
another country
Isis has threatened to behead the
American president destroy Hamas in Gaza
and Christians in Israel the most recent
video is mostly relevant because it
comes as a response to turkey's actions
against isis after isis bombed the
turkish city of Suroosh turkish forces
launched a broad campaign against
terrorism in recent years turkey has
done very little to address Isis's
actions along the border despite a
number of attacks four bombings related
to Isis have killed nearly a hundred
people and injured many more throughout
Turkey Turkey's president has been
widely criticized for refusing to take
action especially during the siege of
kobani while Kurdish refugees were being
attacked by Isis Turkey has also been
implicated in contributing fighters and
funds to Isis although no direct
connection has been proven the Turkish
government has also been a difficult
barrier for other nations attempting to
fight the ISIS threat during the us-led
intervention in mid-2014 Turkey refused
access to an extremely valuable Air
Force space which would have given the
us an edge in Syria only since mid 2015
has turkey relented on allowing the base
to be used so as turkey is finally
fighting back is there any possibility
of it being overrun by Isis well first
and foremost Turkey has the second
largest standing military in NATO after
the United States with half a million
available military personnel there is
little risk of them falling to Isis
estimated 20 to 30 thousand militants
furthermore they're very membership
within NATO nearly guarantees their
protection in case Isis can some
mount an effective offense being part of
NATO means that other countries are
required to come to your aid of you are
attacked that ups the number of troops
against Isis to roughly seven million
Syria not being part of NATO lacked that
protection and was overrun relatively
quickly in the midst of civil war and
political instability
now that Turkey has decided to join the
fight there is little if any chance of
them losing out right
unfortunately Isis has been an
unpredictable force with potential
Turkish ties and their ability to resist
being wiped out by Turkey is truly
unknown but should Isis successfully
depose a Turkish government from within
as unlikely as that may be they will
still be protected under the NATO mutual
defense class Isis is a threat to many
countries but how did it get to be so
powerful even more so than al-qaeda or
the Taliban
well for one Isis a lot more organized
than either al-qaeda or the Taliban to
find out more about Isis military
structure watch this video despite
massive attempts by international forces
to stop the spread of Isis the group
continues to be self-sufficient and
determined to establish a religious
state President Barack Obama has
maintained that Isis is in fact a
terrorist organization however State
Department officials have testified that
the group has become a full-blown army
thanks for watching test-tube news
please remember to Like and subscribe so
you can get more videos from us daily
