it seems as though every major
international conflict ends up involving
the United States at some point whether
through lawful warfare protecting
Americans abroad or just outright
invading another country
the US has imposed itself on nearly
every nation on earth in the last 25
years alone the US has performed major
military operations in more than a dozen
foreign countries although the word
invasion means different things to the
military legal experts and civilians
we're going to use it here to refer to
times the US Armed Forces have
intervened abroad for non peaceful
purposes so which countries has the u.s.
invaded since the Cold War now strictly
speaking the only country to be invaded
by the u.s. in the last 25 years was
Iraq the 2003 invasion and occupation
was not supported by the United Nations
and widely referred to as illegal
however invasion can also apply to any
encroachment of the US military in
foreign countries regardless of support
or excuse in 1990 Iraq's President
Saddam Hussein invaded neighboring
Kuwait and threatened Saudi Arabia's oil
fields sparking the first Gulf War in
response US President George HW Bush
sent roughly half a million troops into
Iraq and Kuwait the war ended up costing
the u.s. over 61 billion dollars during
the early to mid 90s the u.s. invaded
Bosnia and Kosovo to assist them through
the Yugoslav wars only the incursion
into Bosnia was supported by the UN the
end of the war which saw ethnic
cleansing and mass raped by the Serbs
against Bosnian Muslims left a number of
NATO and US forces in the country in
2001 following the events of September
11th u.s. armed forces invaded
Afghanistan to fight against al-qaeda
and the Taliban then in 2004 after the
u.s. is unauthorized invasion of Iraq
President George W Bush expanded
anti-terror military operations
according to a letter by the president
troops were sent into Georgia
Djibouti Kenya Ethiopia Yemen and
Eritrea this included placing combat
armed forces in Kosovo Bosnia and Haiti
as well in 2011 the u.s. sent a covert
team of Navy SEALs into Pakistan to
capture and kill terrorists Osama bin
Laden Pakistan considered this a gross
violation of Internet
a law and an act of war in the past five
years the US has ramped up its efforts
in the Middle East while attempting to
fight against Isis American troops have
since been sent to Syria Jordan Turkey
Iraq and Libya this was either to
contain terrorist cells intervene in
civil war gained strategic advantage
over Isis or trained local soldiers in
recent years the US has also conducted
military operations in Somalia including
raids against the terrorist group
al-shabaab there are a number of other
countries who've either requested
military aid from the United States or
who benefited from us-led evacuations
such as in the Congo Gabon and Liberia
in total there are many dozens of
countries who've seen US military action
within their borders since the end of
the Cold War the United States is
willingness to intervene in foreign
affairs is a fiercely debated issue in
modern politics over the last 25 years
the US has repeat interventions raises
the question are they doing more harm
than good with the u.s. invading so many
countries in the past two decades is it
possible they could spark the start of
World War three check out this video
from our friends at all-time
conspiracies to find out for example the
United States of America are like old
Britain a declining superpower the USA's
main trading partner China is like
Imperial Germany a country on the rise
thanks for watching test-tube news
everyone please subscribe so you get all
of our videos every day
