in 2014 the United States spent nearly a
trillion dollars on national defense the
military budget alone made up more than
the next seven highest spending
countries combined with nearly 20% of
the federal budget going towards defense
it's clear that the economy as well as
the USS international status are
extremely dependent on this continued
spending so why do we spend so much what
exactly is the military-industrial
complex well the term is most attributed
to president dwight d eisenhower he was
one of the highest ranked generals in US
history and served during World War two
as he left office in 1961 he advised
that military power was necessary to
maintain peace
however he warned against the
military-industrial complex or the
self-perpetuating relationship between
the economy the military and the
government in the mid 1940s the US
government began shifting away from
producing all of their own military
equipment instead of attempting to
create monopolized government industries
they started offering defense contracts
to private companies as military
technology became increasingly complex
the amount of money the government was
willing to spend increased as well this
led to massive payouts and intense
competition to secure those defence
contracts the Cold War created a
situation where no direct fighting was
going on but the US was still forced to
militarily outspend their enemy the
Soviet Union this led to massive
spending and military stockpiling
costing over ten trillion dollars today
the Department of Defense employs three
million people directly
they also indirectly employ another
three million through defense contracts
two and a half million more are employed
through the US military effectively a
good portion of the US economy relies on
the ability of the government to
continue financing war planning massive
companies like Lockheed Martin and
Boeing derive significant percentages of
income from defense contracts this cycle
incentivizes continued military
expansion unfortunately this expansion
is based on a necessity to defend
oneself when there's no threat there's
no reason to invest and millions could
be out of a job some have described the
situation as creating a psychological
moral and material interest in
propagating military development and
international crisis in his farewell
address Eisenhower said we must guard
against the acquisition of unwarranted
influence whether sought or
by the military-industrial complex
there's no question that that's already
happened but whether or not it has led
to abuses of power or a decay in liberty
and democracy is an often debated topic
considering the substantial impact of
the military in the u.s. s political
economic and social process it certainly
seems like it may be too deeply
ingrained to ever go back if you want to
learn more about how the
military-industrial complex
manifests itself in actual wars check
out our video on private defense
contractors fighting overseas private
military companies have been said to
generate as much as 100 billion dollars
a year however according to both the
Geneva Convention as well as the 2001
united nations mercenary convention the
hiring of mercenaries in armed conflict
is expressly prohibited thanks for
watching make sure to LIKE and subscribe
for new videos every day
