Jeb Bush a Republican candidate for you
as president told reporters that
Americans need to work longer hours so
that the country can be more productive
this was widely considered a political
gaffe because most Americans think of
themselves as extremely hard-working but
compared to other countries how does
America actually stack up what country
is the most overworked
well the Organisation for Economic
Cooperation and Development calculates
average work hours for full timers and
part-timers minus any holidays
compared to other highly industrialized
nations the United States has one of the
longest average work weeks at thirty
four point four hours per week the US
puts in fewer hours and countries like
Korea Israel and Iceland but longer
hours comforts the United Kingdom and
France Japanese workers reportedly
average thirty three point three hours
per week however this figure is skewed
because many Japanese workers put in
lots of undocumented overtime in fact
the Japanese even have a word for
working oneself to death
Gatto XI official data suggests that
every year 200 Japanese citizens die
this way experts point out that Asian
countries consistently put in the
longest hours worldwide Chinese workers
may average 38 to 42 hours per week and
in Bangladesh the BBC reports that
workers regularly labor for nineteen
hour long shifts on the opposite side of
rankings many European countries have
extremely short work weeks Sweden works
about thirty one hour weeks France works
about twenty nine and Germany works the
least at just twenty six and a half
hours per week compared to the u.s. the
UK works about two hours less and enjoys
many more vacation days so with all the
hours worked is the u.s. more productive
than other westernized nations well not
necessarily the trade-off between work
hours and productivity is still a topic
of debate and research according to
several studies increased work hours
tend to have an adverse effect on
productivity but for manual labor jobs
and regions like Latin America and Asia
worker rights tend to be weak
regulated thus long hours and unpaid
overtime are unfortunately the norm
however work weeks in general especially
for developed countries have been
getting shorter in modern times
according to the economic history
Association around the turn of the 20th
century people used to work 3,000 hours
per year compared to about 1800 hours
now
despite jeb Bush's plans America will
most likely follow the shortening work
week trend now to both genders get paid
equally further work find out in our
video about the gender pay gap across
both male and female dominated fields
including science math health care and
education the wage gap persists the AAUW
also found that even women with the same
level of education make 82 percent of
what their male counterparts make and
don't forget to subscribe to test-tube
news we make new videos every day thanks
guys
