in recent ones descriptions of Isis have
shifted from calling them a terrorist
organization to an entirely different
criminal group the hierarchy and
operations of Isis are distinctly unique
from groups like al-qaeda or the Taliban
so how is Isis organized well a
traditional terrorist group like
al-qaeda is a loosely connected network
of terrorist cells they're usually only
a few hundred core members they
primarily attack civilians avoid direct
military engagements and relinquish
territory as they move however Isis is a
lot more like an unestablished state
with significant armed forces they have
as many as 30,000 fighters controlling
territory in Iraq and Syria they're
financially self-sufficient and operate
like a conventional army in short Isis
is a much more complicated problem than
what many make it out to be
in January 2014 a top Isis strategist
was killed and plans concerning the
group's organization were discovered
both dare Spiegel and the Terrorism
research center track report that the
basic framework of Isis is similar to a
pyramid dictatorship at the top is the
Caliphate leader and final
decision-maker Abu Bakr al-baghdadi he
is considered a representative of
Islam's Prophet Baghdady delegates to
his cabinet which runs the military
judicial system intelligence services
public relations and administrative
duties additionally the Caliphate leader
has private deputies who oversee more
regional governmental issues the
deputies are in charge of a number of
Isis governors who control Iraqi and
Syrian territory Baghdady also controls
a separate war office which deals with
the logistics of their military most of
those high-ranking members are former
Saddam Hussein military officers a major
part of the Islamic states plan is to
Institute education health care and
infrastructure some of which they've
already started doing it's clear that
referring to themselves as a state is
not simply an attempt of gaining
legitimacy but a long-standing goal
in some captured cities there are even
Sharia police who look out for sinful
behavior despite massive attempts by
international forces to stop the spread
of Isis the group continues to be
self-sufficient and determined to
establish a religious state President
Barack Obama has maintained that Isis is
in fact a terrorist organization however
State Department officials have
testified that the group has become a
full-blown army the fight for dominance
in the Middle East is a complex and
relatively new type of struggle whether
opposing countries are ready to deal
with that threat is yet to be seen
Isis has a special group of shock troops
that are prone to truly horrific combat
tactics to learn about this group take a
look at the video up top from seeker
daily or for a closer look at the war on
Isis check out our full playlist below
thanks for watching test-tube news and
please don't forget to subscribe
