in June 2015 the Colombian government
protested Venezuela's attempts to claim
maritime borders in a disputed territory
this is far from the first incident the
two countries have dealt with their
history has seen a constant
back-and-forth of diplomatic
disagreements
so exactly why do Colombia and Venezuela
hate each other well originally they
were both part of a single country
called LeGrande Colombia under the
leadership of Simon Bolivar however in
the early 1800s bolivars plan for a
united Latin America fell apart due to
infighting between member countries
since then Colombia and Venezuela have
drifted apart ideologically and
politically a major source of their
dispute is over the gulf of Venezuela
parts of the Gulf were allocated to both
countries by the king of Spain and in a
subsequent treaty however the maritime
border was not defined leading to both
claiming portions of that territory more
significantly Venezuela's political
parties collapsed in the late 1990s a
socialist revolutionary who go Chavez
was then elected as president Chavez had
been imprisoned for attempting a failed
coup d'etat in Venezuela in 1992 his
policies as president led to
overspending inflation poverty and a
significantly weaker economy
additionally there was a major rise in
corruption and murder and an influx of
socialist propaganda meanwhile Colombia
a capitalist country has been struggling
with a half-century long conflict
against a guerrilla group called FARC
Colombia the EU the US and others
consider them a terrorist organization
however to the Venezuelan government
FARC is considered a People's Army and
is ideologically aligned with their
Marxist Leninist socialism a large
source of conflict comes from
accusations that Venezuela has given
support and shelter to FARC and other
guerrilla terrorist groups both
countries have also accused each other
of entering each other's territory
without permission ostensibly to fight
fleeing guerrilla fighters FARC has been
kidnapping Colombian high government
officials for ransom since the 1970s
Venezuela in turn has been mediating
prisoner exchanges between the two the
most significant breakdown in relations
occurred in 2010 when Colombia's
president openly accused Venezuela of
harbours
guerilla terrorists Venezuela
immediately ended diplomatic relations
and the two countries verged on war
however tensions were resolved soon
after as a new Colombian president was
elected the two countries have had a
long history of differing ideologies and
questionable honesty leading to
significant issues entertaining their
individual goals although Hugo Chavez
died in 2013 his successor is considered
to be similarly aligned with the
socialist ruling party whether the two
countries will ever be able to solve
their territorial political and
guerrilla based disputes is unclear if
you'd like to learn more about the FARC
rebel group though take a look at our
full video on them here they are
sometimes classified as a guerrilla
group or a violent non-state actor by
the media but the US and the European
Union lists them as a terrorist group
there's a link to that video in the
description as well if you're on your
phone and thanks so much for watching
test-tube news we'll see you next time
