in the past decade the national
conversation on terrorism has largely
focused on Islamic extremist acts
however law enforcement groups have made
it clear that Muslim extremists make up
a minut percentage of ideologically
based terror attacks in the United
States so what's going on who is really
committing terrorism in the u.s. in 2014
the New York Times conducted a survey of
US police about terrorism the greatest
danger was cited as right-wing
anti-government extremists with Muslims
posing a significantly smaller threat to
Americans around the country since
September 11 2001 only about 9 American
Muslims per year have taken part in
terrorist plots in the u.s. in total 20
incidents resulted in about 50 deaths a
2012 study showed that in the same time
period right-wing extremists were
responsible for about 337 attacks per
year in total they killed more than five
times a number of people killed by
Muslims in the u.s. right-wing
extremists hold violent anti-government
ideologists some notorious groups are
neo-nazis sovereign citizens and the KKK
according to one source from the
Department of Justice their attacks are
based on the fear that the government
will take away their guns and that the
government and economy are going to
collapse sovereign citizens are people
who believe that the US has no legal
authority over them based on the idea
that they never agreed to become
citizens
the FBI considered them a loosely
connected terrorist group based on their
disruptive activities and violent
attacks in 2014 a pair of
anti-government terrorists killed two
police officers and a civilian leaving
behind a swastika and in God's dim flag
another striking example of the
overstated threat of Muslim terrorists
is how they stack up to US homicides
according to a 2014 study after 9/11 two
hundred and fifteen thousand people were
murdered in America only point zero two
percent of those murders were committed
by Muslim terrorists additionally 60% of
all those murders came from two events
the 2002 Beltway snipers and the
2009 Fort Hood shootings despite a focus
connecting Muslims to terrorism police
across the country have said they have
been dealing with that threat for a long
time and have a good grip on potential
attacks meanwhile right-wing groups have
been on the rise and have been ignored
in favor of an unrealistic fear of al
Qaeda and other terrorist groups
statistically it's clear that the
greater threat to most Americans is a
proliferation of right-wing extremism if
you'd like to learn more about one of
the most hateful groups in America take
a look at our video on the Ku Klux Klan
here so what is the Ku Klux Klan well
it's an American hate group also known
as the KKK that generally promotes the
supremacy of the Christian Caucasian
ethnicity thanks for watching test-tube
news please remember to subscribe
