the President of Sudan Omar al-bashir
stands accused of war crimes by the
International Criminal Court and there
is an international warrant out for his
arrest but despite this while he
attended an African Union summit in
South Africa he was not detained by
authorities so what is the ICC and how
much authority does it really have the
ICC in its current form was officially
set up in 1998 to persecute individuals
for only the worst international crimes
it functions independently of the United
Nations International Court of Justice
calls for a universal judicial body like
this had been increasingly abundant
since World War one precursor courts to
the ICC included the Nuremberg trials in
the 1940s and ad hoc courts to deal with
the Rwandan genocide and the Yugoslav
wars in the 1990s the current ICC
headquarters reside in the Netherlands
with a staff of about 200 people the
court deals only with genocide war
crimes and crimes against humanity
often defendants are judged in absentia
meaning they are present for the trial
if convicted an international warrant is
issued for the person's arrest and
prosecution but still not all
governments are on board with the ICC as
evidenced by South Africa's reluctance
to arrest al Bashir while he was in
their jurisdiction according to one ICC
prosecutor many African governments feel
that the court is preoccupied with
Africa and fails to investigate other
conflicts elsewhere in Western nations
according to Al Jazeera Sudan does not
accept ICC judgments against its
president al-bashir because it views
itself as a victim of Western hypocrisy
and hegemony presently only 123
countries have officially signed and
ratified the establishment of the ICC
but there are many countries including
China India and Cuba that flat out do
not accept any judgments from the courts
the u.s. originally ratified the treaty
but has since backed out on any legal
obligations to the ICC reportedly due to
conflicts with its own
state court system even with so many
countries party to the ICC the only
enforcement powers it has are through
the police forces of member countries
clearly the courts remain questionably
effective with nations obeying court
decisions
essentially on their own terms although
the worst of the atrocities in Sudan are
behind us there are still many issues
yet to deal with to learn about the
situation today check out our full video
here Darfur has been in a near constant
state of instability since Sudan became
independent from British and Egyptian
rule in the 1950s thanks for watching
test-tube and don't forget to subscribe
so you don't miss a single video
