hi I'm Jules who's dancin with seeker
daily and we're here on the final day of
the Republican National Convention today
we're gonna talk about young millennial
Republicans with us is Jase like hair
from Vermont and also Zachary Japan also
from Vermont and joining us is Ana
Kasparian with the Young Turks thank you
all so much for joining us today
so to begin with I just want everybody
to know exactly how young you guys are
now Jase you are 17 years old yes you
are the youngest delegate in Vermont
history right how does that feel it
feels pretty good to know you know our
state party's moving in the right
direction of attracting young people
obviously we still have a lot of work to
do but and Zach you are 20 and you are
also from Vermont yes sir via Socialist
Republic of Vermont and so we were
talking earlier and you said that you
are an unbound delegate in your
alternate delegate and an unbound
delegate is somebody who is not bound to
a single candidate but you did cast a
vote for a candidate and that was I
voted for Senator Rand Paul he was the
one that originally inspired me to get
involved in politics with his message of
Liberty and limited government and then
Zach you are for I supported senator Ted
Cruz from the week that he announced his
presidential campaign great
so being this young when did you
actually first become interested in
politics let's start with you Jace
well Senator Rand Paul actually came to
visit our state for a fundraiser back
last August I got to meet him
I got to hear him speak and I think you
know once I heard him and met him that
really solidified that he was the
candidate that I wanted to support and
this was the party I wanted to be a part
of not sure how about used and well I've
been raised in the political household
so I've always been interested I
remember watching the 2008 Republican
National Convention when I was 12 I was
fascinated I thought it was very
interesting and then but I didn't get
involved for a while even through the
2012 elections but I then I started
working with Generation Joshua which had
the fantastic political simulation camps
called I govern and it showed me how to
get engage
gotcha so when did you actually decide
to be a delegate well when was that
moment well I had been following with
the Cruz campaign I worked for him in
New Hampshire and I want I heard that
there is going to be an effort to try to
win at the convention with delegates
that was before he suspended the
campaign I wanted to help with that so I
researched my state's process I found it
I could get involved wasn't too late
went through my channe caucuses went to
the state convention and ran great uh
now chase you actually had to start a
GoFundMe campaign to get here I mean
that clearly it was successful how did
how did that end up happening even right
well a lot of people don't know that
delegates actually have to pay for
everything while they're here some
people actually think we get paid which
is the opposite and for a high schooler
you know from a rural town in Vermont
going to a big city for one and a half
weeks it was expensive so I started a
GoFundMe page and people were very
generous and it ended up working out
well so I wanted to ask a little bit
about you know some of the tone that you
guys have maybe experienced during this
convention you know from my personal
experience it's a little unprecedented
you know some of the mudslinging that's
going on and what are your feelings
about it there have been a lot of you
know insults and personal attacks do you
feel Jase that this is gonna have any
type of negative impact on the
Republican Party right well I actually I
did a joint interview with the youngest
Democratic delegate if we didn't agree
on much but one thing we did agree on
was that the rhetoric in this campaign
is way too bad we all need to calm down
talk about the issues I would like to
see our candidate be the bigger man and
start at first i I don't think it's
going to happen but I would like to see
it happen what policies of trumps do you
feel is most important to you Zachary
what do you think really stands out
about him that's that that's better than
Hillary Clinton per se well I think that
his foreign policy is a lot better than
Hillary Clinton's now I
he hasn't been completely clear and
articulating it but when he denounces
the failed Libyan intervention which was
ridiculous when he denounces arming
Syrian rebels who we can't trust I like
that I don't think we should be getting
in
in every country around the globe and
that's something Hillary Clinton has
advanced a consistent policy of
interventionism she I don't want and I
especially don't want a antagonize
Russia of fellow nuclear superpowers
that's one the leading issue that it's
making me consider voting for Trump now
that he's the nominee so he wants to
possibly not follow through on promises
that the United States has made with
NATO which would kind of put us at a
little bit of a disadvantage should we
ever have issues with Russia and the
future and there's also the issue of him
being very supportive of air Dewan who
is the leader of Turkey
you know Trump's obviously very strongly
against Isis as he should be but air
Dewan has been caught helping Isis in
several occasions is that concern you at
all yes I only heard last night there
this morning that he was speaking
favorably of air Dewan I don't like that
I'm concerned about it I want to hear
more about why he would praise everyone
who is a brutal dictator and an awful
theocratic however is still it doesn't
trouble me as much as all the filthy
dangerous interventions that Clinton has
been advocating so fair enough no I want
to talk a little bit more about just how
young you guys are and just you know
that level of political awareness
because I would kind of imagine that a
lot of your friends are not as
politically aware as you are and may not
even care about politics is that at all
true yeah I think youth involvement is a
very low if you look at you know poll
numbers the young the youth vote is what
turns out the least we have a lot of
work to do with getting young people
involved I've been a big advocate for
that no matter what side you're on I
think you know you should be involved in
politics because that's how you create
change in your country sure do you think
that most most young people you know are
on the left and set rather than on the
right as you guys are well we're from
Vermont so obviously you know Bernie
Sanders for state I'm from a
conservative leaning town so it might be
a bit different for me but there
definitely is a lot of you know young
people that believed in Bernie I don't
quite understand I mean I understand why
you know he's honest I think he's honest
I think he he tells what he
really saying what he's really thinking
but I don't I think socialism is
dangerous and so I think we have some
work to do educating the youth about
topics like that about you Zack
well I nice I think that what young
people want in public political
candidates is sincerity and there has
been so much in sincerity in politics
it's disillusioning them more than other
segments and I think that's what
attracts them to candidates like Bernie
Sanders who had some very apt diagnosis
of the problems in our country you know
corporate welfare with the country
government coming in subsidizing certain
companies over others that's wrong
that's not capitalism now as far as the
solutions I don't think that Sanders had
solutions that will advance economic
prosperity in our country I think that
Cruz articulates their radical ideas of
the foundation of America the
constitutional precepts of the free
market and individual liberty and that's
what broke me to him I saw that he was a
man of integrity a man of principle and
that's why you know I spent my own money
a campaign for him in New Hampshire in
Indiana that's why I continue to support
him I'm looking forward to him running
in 2020
well we actually spoke with quite a
number of young Millennials out in the
streets around the Republican convention
so let's take a look at that really
quick at first I was like Kasich
supporter but it was an easy decision
for me to make once I saw what Hillary
stands for and her track record with
whitewater
Benghazi and the email scandal and
that's just a couple and I'm being very
polite with those two Hillary Clinton is
everything that is wrong with politics
and I'm more anti-hillary than I am a
pro Trump if that makes sense
but there's an obvious choice in
selection I honestly first think we
choose a terrible human being and if
she's elected it will be the final nail
in the coffin for this country so you
know it seems the resounding theme is
that no one Hillary absolutely you know
that's that's and clearly that is the
Republican standpoint at the moment
whether you support Trump or not I mean
I I feel like you might be a stupid
question ask if you guys share that
belief against Hillary yeah well I think
it's it's a common sediment that's
driving a lot of you know people that
weren't really supporting Trump towards
Trump is you know voting against Hillary
I think that's the same for the opposite
side I think a lot of Bernie people are
gonna be voting for Hillary against
Trump and I think it's sad when you have
to vote against a candidate instead of
for candidate that you believe in yeah I
think the Hillary Clinton is a candidate
with no redeeming values I think every
other candidate even Jill Stein has
something that I can appreciate about
her platform but I look at Hillary
Clinton's platform I'm sincerely at a
loss so I'm certainly not going to vote
for her it's fair now in in regards to
last night which was you know we had all
the speeches and in particular Cruz's
speech was a pretty big deal
I mean I was I was down near the floor
and felt like there was a little bit of
pandemonium especially when he did not
endorse Trump directly Zak how did you
feel that that as a Cruz supporter I
thought that his speech was fantastic
and frankly I think that the people who
side with Trump ought to be thanking Ted
Cruz for setting forth an example for
how the lot significant segment of the
Republican Party that is not willing to
publicly support Trump and never will
publicly support Trump ought to be
conducting themselves right now he did
not criticize Trump now that he's the
presumptive nominee he denounced his
opponent and he prayed the conservative
valued that Trump is espousing he said
to vote your conscience
so if
from really is the Conservative
candidate if a vote for him can be made
in good conscience that he's not
contradicting Trump at all he's giving
Trump a bar that he can meet and
encouraging other people to see that as
a but as a qualification that Trump has
to attain and I think that the Trump
campaign rather than tearing down
someone who is already out of the race
ought to focus their energy on trying to
meet that bar and trying to earn the
votes of other people that's something
that will actually unify our party I if
I could say one other thing about party
unity if you have a moment
listen party this party is not going to
live or die
depending on whether or not Donald Trump
wins the election this party is going to
live or die depending on whether we tear
each other apart for our choice in this
election and there are people in both
factions the people who will never vote
for Trump and the people who insist you
vote for Trump are attacking each other
now if we allow that to happen we will
destroy the party and Trump out to be
doing everything he can to not to try to
push his way in bludgeon people with
endorsement after endorsement and a
reach and guilt trip after guilt trip
why they should vote for him he should
just be trying to earn their vote and
talking about why he is qualified
Zachery follow-up to that you know
there's some speculation that what Ted
Cruz did yesterday was a bit of a
political maneuver and what he's
planning on doing is kind of playing
both sides coming to the convention you
know using the platform to kind of speak
out and get his message across without
necessarily having to you know formally
endorse Trump that way you can say well
I was there and I said I'm not gonna
vote for Hillary so in essence I'm
supporting him but then later on when he
wants to run he can come out and say
well I didn't you know formally endorse
Trump do you think that that was first
of all an accurate interpretation of
what he did last night and do you think
that it worked in any way I don't think
it's an accurate interpretation there is
nothing that Ted Cruz couldn't have done
would have could have done last night
that would not have been interpreted by
some as a political maneuver that's the
nature of politics everything you do is
motivated either through your sincere
beliefs or because you want to work your
political advantage I don't want to
focus so much on what a person's
motivations might be because I will
never know what I want to focus on is
the fact that Ted Cruz gave a speech
that has the potential to unify our
party and
emphasizing conscience Reiji is trying
to bridge the gap that's being made in
our party that could destroy this party
look Trump if he's elected he's gonna be
present for it for eight years and after
that will we have a party that was
driven apart by people who couldn't who
dressed sided to crucify each other for
the stance they took on that election
where we have a party of people who
disagreed but were able to say we still
have principles that will unite us on
most elections we're still going to work
together I think that uh Trump's
supporters really care about this
country more than their own candidate
they ought to embrace Cruz's speech say
Thank You senator Cruz for your words we
are going to try and unify this party
like we've said that we're going to do
so just to be clear you believe that he
was attempting to unify the party by not
formally endorsing him absolutely
because if he had just given his name as
another tool that the Trump campaign
could hit people over the head with you
know another checklist name on the BOK
on the list of candidates it's not
really gonna change many people's names
but it would be used as a weapon to try
to drive people apart I think that he
was trying to use Shepard his influence
to try to keep us all together and to
try to to keep us from being guilted
into voting for him which is not working
there are not going to be more people
are gonna be guilted into voting for but
if we are allowed to think about this in
terms of conscience then some people
will vote for it and I might know Jace
you are in an interesting place in all
this because you did vote for you put
Castro vote for Rand Paul but you also
have worked on Ted Cruz's campaign in
light of that how do you feel about
Donald Trump and what he might mean for
the future of the Republican Party right
um I I think Trump went about unifying
the party in the wrong way
one of the things that really ticked off
a bunch of the Cruz people originally
was the the vote on the rules this is a
I don't this is gonna be an example of
maybe how Trump you know would run his
presidency because you know he had his
floor whips going around a borderline
threatening and you know harassing
people to unsign from a document that
would call for a roll call vote so and
that's not how Republicans I hope would
want to operate so I do fear that he may
cause some
term damage a viewing of conservative
principles in the party so I hope he can
get his act together I'm interested to
see his nomination speech and see if he
can maybe you know counteract some of
those things that he's done in the past
well I mean as as young people you guys
really are the future of the Republican
Party there's no question of that unless
you change your you know which party
you're with but but what do you see is
the future of the Republican Party in
general is it a continuation of I think
what a lot of people are referring to as
an establishment or is there a new
direction for the party well I think the
new direction for the party is Liberty
oriented so privacy non interventionist
foreign policy leaving people alone and
leaving people alone means a more
tolerant party to all gender
orientations all ethnicities you know
the LGBT community so I think if the
Republican Party would embrace those
principles of Liberty and leaving people
alone it would really grow I think a lot
of new groups would be voting for us
including young people and that's what I
would like to see happen in the future
have a music I think that um as I was
saying we that young people want
sincerity and I think the best way is to
go back to the vision of the founders in
advance a simple powerful message that
government exists to protect life
liberty and property and to punish
people doers I think that that is a
concise message it is a powerful message
it is more than anything else a
functional message which has worked for
us in the past and that if we advance
those principles then we will be able to
attract young people and all people from
all walks of life to this party and I
think it's what we must do if we are to
survive well I think that's interesting
because actually Anna and I have talked
about the fact that there seem to be
very very few female young female
supporters of the Republican Party and I
think particularly of Trump you know
when we did our interviews on the street
we literally could not find a young
female Republican do you feel as though
the Republican Party is too
male-dominated or that it is
male-dominated
I think obviously women had to go more
Democratic I I really don't know why our
prism our party principles are fine in
accordance with women I think our
presumptive nominee is going to have
some trouble with women the way the
comments he's had about megyn kelly you
know that very disrespectful things he
did to Heidi Cruz that Ted Cruz listed
as the reason why he did not endorse
Donald Trump so you know I think we have
some work to do with women we have some
outreach that what needs to be done but
I do think there's nothing wrong with
the Republican Party having to do with
women so I do think we can hopefully fix
that in the future all right I like your
answer I think that you know raising
awareness about some of the rhetoric and
and how it could turn off possible
voters is important and you know I just
want to get your quick thoughts on Trump
saying that he believes it's necessary
to punish women if they get an abortion
do you think that that had an impact on
female but yes I'm a member of students
for life and that is not what we think
we think women are victims of abortion
we do not think they should be punished
in any way we think they should you know
have counseling maybe if they want it
but we do not think women should be
punished that shows his lack of
understanding for pro-life principles
and I was very upset when I saw that
yeah and in fact that view was so
caustic that he reversed himself on it
within days so now I'm curious where you
guys see yourselves you know in in a few
years do you think that you're going to
you know delve right into politics you
have other plans for the future because
this is a pretty big stance to make you
know being a delegate and an alternate
delegate at the convention that's
suggest the future in politics is that
in your future yeah I've always been
interested in running for public office
hopefully it's something I get to do
someday and you know I look forward to
doing that are you are you going to
college for that are you planning on
studying that I don't think I'll
probably go to college for political
science but I've actually exploded the
idea of when I'm in college running for
a state representative post while I'm in
college
very cool I have thought about running
for local office you know I was very
unhappy with
some of the things I saw from the RNC
the way they handled the Rules Committee
and took a lot of power away from the
grassroots and I was beginning to get
disillusioned this week but really Ted
Cruz's speech did inspire me it made me
think that we could there is still a
voice within this party for unifying
around the principles that we began on
and Ted Cruz is not the only one he was
the one who was able to speak but there
are a lot of us who do want to reform it
and so I'm sorry I am thinking that
potentially I will becoming involved
further in the Republican Party and
local politics to try and reform it and
make it a more conservative fighting
okay
well thank you guys so much for joining
us it's been incredible hearing about
the experiences of young Republicans of
young millennial Republicans that's okay
like I said in the beginning a very very
rare thing so I really appreciate your
time and Anna yours as well thank you
thank you thank you sir
and thank you so much for joining us
make sure to check out seeker com I mean
this is the last day of the convention
so this is the last livestream we have
but we'll be back at the DNC next week
and we really hope you catch your you're
there with us so thanks again for
watching
you
you
you
