in June 2015 the Nigerian said an
inadvertently passed a law lowering the
age of consent to 11 years old
it was amongst a rapidly passed series
of bills creating harsher penalties for
child molesters but in doing so also
accidentally redefined the age of
consent the severe backlash made us
wonder what should the age of consent be
well the age of consent is the age at
which a person is legally considered to
have the autonomy to consent to sex
consent around the world ranges from 12
to 21 in most countries but there are
also a number of mitigating factors
these include the type of sex act the
gender is involved how close the two
ages are and whether or not one person
is in a position of power traditionally
however the age of consent was pegged to
the age of puberty it was also the age
one could get married as early as 700 BC
in Greece it was recommended that wives
should be about five years post puberty
the earliest recorded law in the matter
was from 1275 in England and referred to
the minimum age of marriage as 12 today
consent laws are enacted as protective
barriers for the more vulnerable parts
of the population namely children
however the idea of childhood as opposed
to adulthood only came around during the
late 18th century before this children
were largely treated like small adults
with no particular rights to protect
what we now consider childhood innocence
but the difference between maturity
puberty and adulthood are usually
thought to be distinct from each other
the US for example uses the term minor
to delineate the age of majority as well
as consent in most states the age of
consent is 16 but states like Colorado
even say that a minor under 14 can have
consent as long as there is a less than
four year age difference other countries
simply say that reaching puberty is old
enough as is the case in Nayarit Mexico
and Yemen but the general historic trend
among Western countries is to
continually raise the age of consent
while removing ambiguities associated
with gender or sexual act up until 2003
and a number of u.s. states homosexual
acts had a higher age of consent than
heterosexual acts until 2008 South
Carolina's age of consent for gross
was 14 while for boys it was 16 so what
should the age of consent be well the
only real commonality around the world
is to wait at least until a few years
past the onset of puberty but even that
doesn't address the idea of childhood
versus adulthood and subsequent mental
maturity which neuroscientists say
doesn't occur until age 25 moreover
studies have shown that nowadays girls
hit puberty at 13 as opposed to 16 in
the 1900s
simply put just because you're a teen or
you've gone through puberty doesn't mean
that sexual contact is non damaging if
you want to learn more about how the
government gets involved in your sex
life make sure you check out our full
video whether it's a blowjob ban in
Baton Rouge or a sodomy sanction in
Charlotte or a handjob hiatus in Halle
Mizzou you get the idea and every time I
think they can't do that can they should
I not be going to hold Mizzou there's a
link in the description if you're
watching on mobile thanks for watching
test-tube please subscribe
