obesity is a complicated condition
caused in part by many social
psychological and physical factors it's
present across all age and
socio-economic groups and both developed
and developing nations over 115 million
people worldwide are thought to suffer
from obesity related problems as a
result the World Health Organization is
called rising trends of obesity in
epidemic so why is the world getting
fatter and which nations have the
highest rates of obesity the w-h-o
defines overweight or obesity status as
abnormal or excessive fat accumulation
that may impair health the body mass
index measuring a ratio of weight tight
classifies people into categories of
underweight normal weight overweight and
obese the w-h-o classifies anyone with
BMI above 25 as overweight and above 30
as obese which may have significant
health risks associated the study funded
by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation
reported in 2014 that there were total
two point 1 billion overweight or obese
people worldwide between 1980 and 2013
the prevalence of overweight or obese
adults increased by 20 7.5% in children
those rates increased by about 47%
Pacific island nations include the Cook
Islands Palau no guru have the most
severe weight problems according to a
2014 w-h-o report they each have about
four out of five citizens overweight or
obese several Middle Eastern nations
including Qatar and Kuwait also ranked
near the top other notable nations with
high occurrences of overweight and
obesity included the United States the
United Kingdom and Mexico in all three
of these nations roughly two and three
people have a weight problem
countries on the opposite end of the
spectrum are Burundi and two more leche
de with about one in ten citizens
overweight or obese why is the world
getting fatter
well the w-h-o suggests that with
urbanization there's been an increased
intake of energy dense foods that are
high in fat then increase in physical
inactivity due to the increasingly
sedentary nature of many forms of work
other factors that contribute to the
global weight gain are urban sprawl
which necessitates more car travel a
lack of health education and cheap but
nutritionally
food this was the case for Pacific
island nations and other isolated places
with high rates of obesity over the past
few decades they have become
increasingly dependent on low quality
imported food instead of traditional
diets the World Health Organization has
expressed concerns that the number of
overweight and obese people worldwide
will continue to rise as many
communities struggle to acclimate to
popular modern diets right now the
obesity epidemic is deadly debilitating
and in some parts of the world
completely out of control if you'd like
to learn why the BMI scale is probably
not the best way to go about measuring
obesity worldwide make sure you
understand the big picture by watching
this episode of dnews it's used far and
wide in doctors offices gyms by
insurance companies and even schools
across the u.s. as a measure of health
and yet from a scientific standpoint the
BMI is basically a giant steaming pile
of thanks for watching test-tube please
make sure to subscribe
