in April 2015 Jeb Bush visited Puerto
Rico and reiterated his support for the
islands statehood but not everyone is
pushing for Puerto Rico to become the
51st star on the US flag so should were
taco become a state while quirt oh Rico
has been under US control since the
spanish-american war in 1898 Porto
Ricans were granted US citizenship and
the ability to serve in the military
however those who live on the island are
unable to vote in the presidential
elections and do not pay federal taxes
the territory has its own government
that is subject to the jurisdiction and
sovereignty of the u.s. currently Puerto
Rico has a single non-voting delegate in
Congress so what would happen if
Congress voted to approve Puerto Rico's
statehood
first of all they would have more power
in the US government gaining two seats
in the Senate and five in the House of
Representatives the island already
benefits from billions of dollars a year
in federal funds but if it were to
become a state the US would start
collecting federal income and corporate
taxes the government report estimated
that if Puerto Rico had been a state in
2009 the US would have received as much
as nine billion dollars in income taxes
for many statehood critics Puerto Rico's
financial baggage is a deal breaker
the island is 73 billion dollars in debt
and stacked up against the rest of the
states puerto rico's per capita gdp is
comparable to Mississippi's which is the
lowest in the country
additionally Puerto Rico suffers from an
unemployment rate about double that of
the United States and more than
one-third of the 3.5 million people on
the island are reportedly on food stamps
but supporters of statehood believe more
federal support will help lift the
island out of poverty so what a Puerto
Ricans won in 2012 more than half of the
population rejected the current
Commonwealth status when asked a second
question sixty-one percent of voters
prefered statement when it comes down to
it the push for statehood is about money
right now the federal government spends
more than twenty billion dollars per
year to support Puerto Rico's
Commonwealth status statehood opens the
door for potential economic gains
through federal
taxation however some experts believe
that Puerto Rico's struggling economy
and growing poverty might be too much
for the federal government to take on
sometimes state and federal governments
can disagree and it even comes down to
the deployment of military forces if you
want to learn more about how this can
happen check out our video here article
six Clause 2 of the Constitution aka the
Supremacy Clause says that federal law
trumps state law so how is Alabama able
to defy the federal ruling well in most
cases they're not at least not for long
thanks for watching test-tube if you
want a reminder when we have new videos
please subscribe
