The Da Vinci Code which is one of the
best-selling books of modern times
brought attention to a little-known
Catholic institution Opus Dei but many
would argue that the book negatively and
falsely portrays the real intentions of
the institution so what is Opus Dei
really like Opus Dei means work of God
in Latin it was founded in 1928 in
Madrid by the Catholic priesthood Maria
Escriva it follows all the practices of
Catholicism with the additional
stipulation that members should actively
endeavour to be saint-like in their
day-to-day lives and although as
Grievous ideas caused an initial stir
Opus Dei has since been accepted within
the Holy Roman Catholic Church as their
first and only personal prelature this
means that instead of being a part of
the mainstream Catholic Church's
hierarchy Opus Dei members are instead
under the jurisdiction of the highest
Opus Dei priest who is confirmed by the
Pope in 2002 Opus Dei founder was
canonized by Pope John Paul the second
after a number of Bishops petitioned for
his statement SP val was declared an
official catholic saint because of his
reported ability to cure rare diseases
in people currently members of Opus Dei
number around 90,000 and most live in
Spain
membership is also divided into
categories the two main ones are
supernumeraries and new merarys most
members are supernumeraries and have
relatively normal lives and Families the
more ascetic followers are numerous who
comprise about 20% of Opus Dei these
members remain celibate and contribute
most of their time and money to the
church but in recent years Opus Dei has
been criticised and called cult-like
some ex to merarys claimed to have been
taken advantage of and forced to
renounce personal freedoms additionally
opus days portrayal in popular culture
has painted their followers as taking
part in self flagellation and being
overly secretive but Opus Dei members
deny this and most are open about their
membership one of their main duties is
evangelizing or spreading the word of
Catholicism and despite reports the
contrary self flagellation and other
body mortification may be
we rare or exaggerated the same is true
of Silla C's which are worn to cause
discomfort and remember penance to God
today despite criticism Opus Dei enjoys
the vocal support of two previous popes
and a number of public figures
reportedly including the British
politician Ruth Kelly although the
number of Opus Dei members compared to
the overall Catholic following
constitutes less than a percentage point
this option of Catholicism has
significant clout for a relatively new
religious sect the capital of
Catholicism and the Pope both can be
found on the Italian peninsula in a
strange but powerful micronation the
Vatican to learn more about this
interesting place check out our video
here the Vatican is one of the few micro
nations recognized as its own state by
the United Nations and most other
countries the Vatican City is 0.17
square miles which is less than a
quarter of New York's Central Park
thanks for watching test-tube please
subscribe
