recently Italian authorities arrested
several al Qaeda affiliates for a 2010
bomb plot against the Vatican a number
of terrorist threats have been directed
at the Vatican and the city of Rome
lately with Twitter hashtags ominously
pronouncing we are coming o Rome
so can the Vatican protect itself how
powerful is the Vatican the Vatican
refers to the Vatican City an
independent sovereign territory located
in Rome it is the home of the leader of
the Roman Catholic Church the Pope as
well as the Holy See which is the
government of the Catholic Church since
the Vatican is an absolute monarchy its
leader is the Pope but its legislative
branch is operated by a collection of
Cardinals called the political
Commission for Vatican City State the
Vatican is one of the few micro nations
recognized as its own state by the
United Nations and most other countries
the Vatican City is 0.17 square miles
which is less than a quarter of New
York's Central Park despite only being
home to about 850 people its global
sphere of influence is huge the Pope is
the spiritual leader to more than 1
billion Catholics worldwide in 2014
Forbes called him the fourth most
powerful person internationally the
Vatican brings in more than 300 million
dollars per year in revenue this money
comes from a variety of sources
including investments real estate and
donations the Vatican is politically
powerful for its size it's a non-member
state permanent observer in the UN which
grants them privileges not usually held
by small territories they're sometimes
allowed to debate in the General
Assembly and participate in meetings
attended by full state members when it
comes to protecting the Vatican security
and ceremonial duties are performed by
the Pontifical Swiss Guard Corps
officially the Vatican is a strictly
neutral state and retains no defense
treaties but their close relationship
with Italy gives them unofficial
military support if terrorists were to
attack the Vatican Italy would be the
first to respond and protect the region
the Vatican is also diplomatic ileana
terms with several major Western powers
so far the ornately decorated religious
capital has remained virtually untouched
throughout several wars and although the
Vatican City is one of the smallest
states in the world with a small
population and no active military it
remains a powerful voice among much
larger nations due to its religious
influence over 17 percent of the global
population Pope Francis has made a ton
of headlines since he has been head of
the Catholic Church to learn exactly
what has made him such a well-liked
leader check out our video here
he also favors more casual daily Mass
held in public places he lives in a
guest home not the Apostolic Palace he
cruises Rome in a normal car not a
bulletproof Mercedes limo and when he
was elected instead of blessing the
people Pope Francis asked the people to
bless him thank you for watching
test-tube don't forget to subscribe
