since 2012 the Philippines and China
have gone head-to-head over the
ownership of the Spratly Islands in the
South China Sea these islands are
important stopover points along nautical
shipping lines in both countries have
bolstered their navies in preparation
for a fight over these territories
recently a Chinese coast guard vessel
even reportedly used a water cannon on a
philippine fishing boat for operating in
the disputed region this got us thinking
could the Philippines
actually defend itself against China how
powerful is the Philippines
well the Philippines has a
geographically powerful position both
militarily and economically since the
nation is essentially a collection of
large and small islands it has no shared
land borders this gives them a defensive
edge against any possible attacks also
the Philippines happens to be almost
exactly at the center of trade routes
between many other large nations namely
China Japan and Australia in addition to
a profitable trade industry the
Philippines has a strong agricultural
sector and they are leading producers of
coconuts rice and pineapples they also
have a growing retail and customer
service industry with about 53 percent
employed in the field companies in
telecommunications hospitality and food
services are growing fast
although the Philippines isn't nearly as
wealthy as some of its neighbors the
country is known for its rapid economic
growth and has been called an
up-and-coming Asian tiger with the GDP
of 272 billion dollars the Philippines
could soon rival the bustling economies
of Singapore and Malaysia the
Philippines has a huge population with
more than 100 million citizens that's as
if three times the population of Canada
was stuffed inside the state of Arizona
the nation's capital Manila alone has
almost 13 million residents making it
one of the largest mega cities on the
planet one of the most popular Filipino
citizens is Manny Pacquiao Pacquiao grew
up in poverty but went on to become a
boxing icon and a dominating force in
pop culture politics and other sports
although around 25 percent of the
population still lives in poverty
packing
is a huge source of inspiration for many
Filipinos his upcoming fight against
Floyd Mayweather is expected to
captivate the entire country millions of
fans will be tuning in and rooting for
Pacquiao and what's being called the
fight of the century
in fact the crime rate of the
Philippines has been known to drop
significantly during his boxing matches
the Philippines has a significant
military reportedly 220,000 active
frontline personnel but their equipment
remains outdated globally the country's
military ranks 40th in the world
compared to China with more than 2
million active soldiers and the second
highest rate of expenditures on defense
in the world the Philippine army appears
lacking however the Philippines has a
secret weapon the United States the two
countries have had friendly diplomatic
and economic relations since World War
two and in 2014 both signed and enhanced
defense cooperation agreement if China
chooses to attack the Philippines over
the Spratly Islands the US will step in
therefore by association the Philippines
is a moderately powerful nation and it
has a promising economic future if you
want to find out more about Manny
Pacquiao his big fight on May 2nd and
more about his political role in the
country check out this video from our
friends at TYT sports what do you expect
to see from Manny Pacquiao in this fight
obviously the first thing you're gonna
see is his speed you know his hand speed
everyone loves and talks about Manny
Pacquiao's hand speed but the thing that
I noticed the most is his footwork
incredible footwork creating angles
while punching thanks for watching
test-tube we'll see you tomorrow
