in April 2015 actress Gwyneth Paltrow
attempted the Food Stamp challenge and
limits spending on groceries to $29 per
week which is approximately the same
amount allocated to food stamp users she
failed to make it past the fourth day
but succeeded in raising awareness about
public welfare programs and hunger in
America with an estimated 46 million
currently using federal food aid
programs we wanted to know how do food
stamps work and are they effective the
food stamp program is a federal aid
program designed to temporarily help
people pay for groceries as of 2008 the
program is officially known as the
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance
Program or snap what snap you may only
buy food products not including Alcohol
Tobacco vitamins or medicines to qualify
for snap you need to be at or below the
national poverty threshold this year a
single person with no children we need
to make less than nine hundred seventy
three dollars a month to qualify for a
four-person household that number
increases to 1988 dollars or less
additionally can have a ton of money
stored in your bank accounts for some
states all you're accountable resources
can't be worth more than two thousand
two hundred fifty dollars and usually
this does not include the worth of your
home if you meet all of the criteria
snap will allot you one hundred ninety
four dollars per month if it's just you
or six hundred forty nine dollars per
month for a family of four additional
benefits are sometimes provided on the
state level so how effective are food
stamps well many experts have reported
positive effects from snap especially
after the 2008 recession in 2013 the
Congressional Budget Office rated an
increase in SNAP benefits as one of the
most cost effective methods that could
be used by the government to boost the
economy during hard times Moody's
Investors Service claims that in 2008
every dollar spent on snap resulted in
about one dollar and seventy cents worth
of economic activity Snap reportedly
reaches 75 percent of eligible
recipients and according to the Center
on Budget and Policy Priorities it has
one of the most rigorous quality control
systems of any public benefit program
snap kept four point eight million
people out of poverty in 2013 including
two point 1 million chill
critics of snap usually have a problem
with the price tag and recently there
have been cuts to the program in 2014
snap cost taxpayers about 74 billion
dollars but in spite of the cost snap
enjoys a large amount of public support
majority of Americans think that they
have an obligation to support and
improve government sponsored food
assistance programs and most think that
letting other citizens go hungry is
unacceptable
if you curious what it's like to
actually live on food stamps outside of
all the celebrity media buzz sort of
stuff make sure you get the rest of the
story from seeker the snap challenge
asks people to live on four dollars and
15 cents a day or around 29 dollars a
week but people who take this challenge
often start with much more than actual
food stamp recipients have at their
disposal like a kitchen or a full
stomach there's a link to that video in
the description don't forget to
subscribe thanks for watching test-tube
