Democrat Bernie Sanders and Republican
Donald Trump have both been described as
populist but the two are so radically
different how can they share the label
of populism what does it mean to be
populist well populism is the political
belief that the underdog hard-working
majority is undermined and exploited by
a small elite minority populist
politicians claim to represent the
interests of average or working class
citizens and work to unite the
population against a common enemy
for right leading politicians like Trump
that's immigrants and the Republican
establishment for leftist politicians
like Sanders it's wall street
billionaires and campaign finance law
throughout history populist ideas have
often coincided with charismatic
demagogues as these personality types
are often successful at galvanizing the
masses in fact one of the earliest
populist was Julius Caesar who
undermined Rome's ruling aristocrats by
appealing to the underrepresented
working class but populism isn't
necessarily good or bad both FDR and
Adolf Hitler have been described as
populist by appealing to the
frustrations of their respective
countries today populist rhetoric is
pervasive throughout the world in Europe
it's generally more popular on the
ideological right which believes that
socialist or left-leaning policies
negate the collective will of the people
this was the idea behind the 2016 brexit
referendum as many working-class Brits
but that globalization provided by EU
membership was not to their benefit
similar populist sentiments have gained
momentum throughout Europe in recent
years leading some experts to predict a
string of other similar referendums and
perhaps the gradual disintegration of
the EU in the US however populism is
widespread liberal voters tend to
resonate with issues that affect the
poor and working-class like income
inequality in fact one of the most
recent notable American populist
movements was 2011 s Occupy Wall Street
which blamed corporations and the
wealthiest 1% of Americans for creating
economic instability for the rest of the
country conservatives like Trump on the
other hand have used populist sentiments
to tap into voters frustrations with
bureaucrats and general distrust of the
federal government for instance the Tea
Party movement formed in the wake of the
2008 global financial crisis was a
protest against government overreach so
whether it be in the US or abroad
pop
politicians tend to operate the same way
that is they choose a popular enemy like
the establishment immigration or
criminals and rally voters to get behind
that cause oftentimes this is led to
popular movements and legal reforms
other times it's cultivated in
widespread ultra-nationalism and
nativism either way populism is an
extremely effective political tool we
couldn't make fascinating episodes like
this without our sponsor domain.com if
you're an entrepreneur innovator or
building a small business domain.com is
the place to go when that next great
idea hits you join millions of others
online with your com or.net domain name
be recognized with the world's premier
web addresses and our friends at
domain.com are giving seeker fans 20%
off domain names and web hosting when
you use coupon code seeker at checkout
in May 2016 the Philippines elected
Rodrigo Duterte as their next president
despite his politically incorrect
rhetoric and alleged involvement with
extrajudicial killings so how can
someone with the nickname The Punisher
win an election find out in this video
Duterte has even promised to kill
thousands of criminals if elected saying
I do not want to be president I do not
want to kill people so do not elect me
as president thanks for watching seeker
daily don't forget to Like and subscribe
for new videos every day
