this episode is brought to you by aj+ in
2000 President Bill Clinton said China's
attempts at internet censorship were
like trying to nail jello to the wall
but actually China's authoritarian
government has proven very adapted
censoring the internet and other media
so what do they restrict well anything
that questions or threatens the ruling
Communist Party of China including any
political religious and cultural
information this applies to free speech
state and foreign media in print and
online internet search results for terms
like democracy revolt or student strike
are allegedly blocked even information
about politically charged events like
Tiananmen Square is restricted because
it shows the side of history that the
government wants to suppress Chinese
internet doesn't look like the rest of
the world's Internet it's more like a
closed-off bubble where only state-run
websites and a few heavily censored
foreign websites are allowed to operate
Facebook and Twitter aren't allowed in
China because of their alleged ability
to spread rumors Western news websites
like the New York Times The Wall Street
Journal have also been blocked for the
reports mentioning Chinese officials
even Google search is currently blocked
in China after struggling with their
censorship rules for years additionally
all pornography has been illegal since
1949 including online China has nine
government censorship agencies employing
a reported 2 million people as of 2013
programs which block IP addresses reset
connections and filter web addresses are
part of an overarching blockade referred
to as the Golden Shield where the Great
Firewall of China the system works so
well because unlike American websites
with internet providers all over the
country Chinese websites have a few
major bottleneck points which the
government can switch on and off at will
news agencies are required to report
only state approved news and any
reporter who covers a breaking story
without getting that approval can lose
their journalist license and even go to
prison international books and movies
are also edited before being released to
the public in a recent James Bond movie
violence towards Chinese people and
suggestions of government corruption
were removed although censorship in
China has largely prevailed there are
some signs that this will change as
opposition
rose a prominent Chinese dissident in
recent Nobel Peace Prize winner
denounced China's censorship policies on
a global stage recent student protests
in Hong Kong also illustrates some of
the youths disillusionment with their
government micro blogs which are a cross
between Twitter and blogs have become
popular places for them to voice covert
discontent with a number of China's
online users ballooning from around 20
million in 2000 to more than 600 million
in 2013 China's net of censorship is
reportedly feeling the strain freedom of
the press in the United States isn't
really as free as you might think either
you can learn all about it in our video
here or if you want to learn about what
free speech really means in the country
take a look at the aj+ video down below
thank you so much for watching test-tube
be sure to subscribe to get all of our
latest episodes
