in January the World Economic Forum
announced that the global water crisis
was the world's biggest risk in terms of
societal impact every year nearly a
million people die from waterborne
diseases from unsafe water at the same
time large parts of the world are
experiencing unprecedented drought
making clean water a scarce resource so
is water a human right and should it be
available to all well on the one hand
clean water is a vital resource that
everybody needs yet one in nine people
around the world lives without access to
clean water mostly in rural communities
in 2010 United Nations secretary-general
ban ki-moon said more people died from
unsafe water than from all forms of
violence including more that same year
the UN recognized the right to clean and
safe drinking water as a basic human
right one of the strongest factors for
this classification was the fact that
access to water is necessary to fulfill
nearly all existing human rights the UN
called on the international community to
help provide safe clean accessible and
affordable drinking water and sanitation
for all part of the reason for such a
deadly lack of water is that while it
covers over 70% of the Earth's surface
only about 2.5 percent of it is
drinkable freshwater and most of that
water is frozen and inaccessible as a
result water is actually a pretty scarce
commodity and expensive to distribute
many developing countries especially in
places like sub-saharan Africa have
struggled to finance the infrastructure
necessary to deliver clean water some
have argued for the privatization of
water in order to cover the cost that
the government cannot however in
countries like Bolivia privatizing water
has led to less access higher water
waste and higher prices so is water a
human right
most scientists and governments agree
that it is however the question of who
is responsible for ensuring that human
right is available to everyone is
unclear politics aside the devastating
drought in California is going to have a
major effect on the rest of the world to
learn how watch this video I just made
with dnews the state's main reservoirs
are at an average of only 40 percent
capacity certain reports say the state
has only a year's supply of water left
in those reservoirs and groundwater
isn't a reliable option as always thank
you for watching test-tube and please
subscribe
