On February 25th the FBI arrested three
men from New York suspected of trying to
join Isis and encourage domestic
terrorism a day later it was revealed
that Isis's most famous video hosts
jihadi John was recruited from the UK so
how many foreign fighters have joined
Isis and why well recent reports
estimate that more than 20,000 foreign
fighters have joined Isis and other
extremist groups in Iraq and Syria the
National Counterterrorism Center reports
that approximately 5,000 of these
fighters are from Western countries
including about 150 Americans the sufen
group a Global Intelligence Service
reports that as of 2014 700 recruits
came from France 400 from the United
Kingdom
more than 800 came from Russia however
most foreign fighters hailed from the
Middle East in North Africa the majority
of fighters are male between the ages of
18 and 29 many are recent converts to
Islam much research has been devoted to
why so many fighters defect to join Isis
the director for the International
Center for the Study of radicalization
says that some people seek adventure
while others are ideologically motivated
he also notes that Isis is less
selective than a lot of other groups
about who can join their ranks the US
Council on Foreign Relations has
attributed Isis's popularity to their
image as a force for justice against
Western capitalism coupled with Isis's
highly visible and savvy recruiting
techniques there's been an explosion in
foreign fighters joining Isis the
terrorist organization has extensive
regional influence via social media and
highly stylized propaganda videos
specifically targeting foreigners Allah
also opened up the hearts of the
civilians towards their state
and they became its Adinath supporters
the 2014 preview for a pro jihadi
documentary features English narration
over hollywood-style special effects the
UN suggests an immediate action must be
taken to dissuade young people from
supporting terrorism a resolution
adopted in 2014 urged all nations to
enact laws preventing the formation
planning and travel of terrorist groups
to learn more about the crazy ways Isis
is recruiting watch our video about why
women are joining Isis once women
successfully join Isis they usually cut
off ties with their old life leaving
only a trail of mystery for their
families to try to figure out as always
thanks for watching and please subscribe
to test-tube
