Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu just gave a controversial
speech to Congress which President Obama
and many Democratic politicians refused
to attend Obama in Netanyahu's
relationship has been described by the
press as icy tense and antagonistic has
a relationship always been this way
here's a timeline to find out in 2008 as
a presidential candidate Obama travels
to Israel and speaks of a desire to
reaffirm the special relationship
between Israel and the US as President
Obama gives a speech in Egypt saying he
does not accept the legitimacy of
continued Israeli settlements Prime
Minister Netanyahu continues to approve
of new settlement construction Obama
calls for a two-state solution in the
Middle East conflict he favors the
original 1967 state boundaries between
Israel and Palestine Netanyahu refuses
to revert back to those borders citing
security concerns a private conversation
between Obama and the president of
France was accidentally broadcast to
journalists Obama griped about Netanyahu
saying you're fed up with him but I have
to deal with him even more often than
you Netanyahu declares Iran close to
developing nuclear weapons concern over
Iran's nuclear capabilities is now a
priority both for Israel and the US
during obama's reelection campaign
Netanyahu reportedly supports Obama's
rival Mitt Romney the Atlantic reports
that one official in the Obama
administration calls Netanyahu a slur
over the Palestinian conflict and
another called him a coward over Iran's
nuclear threat in March 2015 Netanyahu
gives a speech to the US Congress
without the invitation of the White
House Obama does not attend despite
clear tensions both leaders maintain
that their country's diplomatic
relationship is stronger than ever
whether their personal relationship will
ever improve remains to be seen to learn
more about the Israeli prime minister
check out our video on him here if
you're interested in something totally
different watch the seeker story on
America's awkward history of depicting
the Prophet Mohammed thanks for watching
test-tube you can subscribe below we
really appreciate the support
you
