net neutrality has been a hot button
issue in the past few years
recently the FCC voted to keep the
internet open
first of all in simple terms net
neutrality is the idea that Internet
service providers or ISPs should allow
unrestricted access to all Internet
content no matter where it comes from as
long as it is legal this is opposed to
the idea of paying extra for certain
types of content over others or slowing
down access to competitive or
unfavorable content it's been a tough
journey so far for both sides of the
debate but let's look at the
controversial battle for net neutrality
the basis for the whole net neutrality
debate stems from the Telecommunications
Act of 1996 it gives the FCC the
authority to classify internet providers
one of two ways has telecommunication
services or information services the
first can be regulated by title 2
regulations are basically the same ones
we use for phone companies while the
other is not subject to those same FCC
regulations in response to an ISPs
attempts to limit competition by
restricting access to certain types of
data
the FCC releases the first rules
defining an early concept for net
neutrality August 2008 the FCC finds
that Comcast was interfering with
BitTorrent traffic and censures them two
years later in April 2010 Comcast sues
the FCC saying they do not have the
authority to regulate ISPs the DC
Circuit Court of Appeals agrees with
Comcast in December of that same year
the FCC approves new net neutrality
rules preventing ISPs from blocking or
slowing the flow of information sparking
an immediate backlash from cable
companies in January 2014 the DC Court
rules that most of the FCC's new rules
about blocking access to data and
unreasonable discrimination are not
enforceable a huge glow for net
neutrality Netflix quietly begins paying
Comcast and Verizon to serve customers
better bandwidth after being throttled
the internet explodes an outrage over
slow and fast data lanes based on paid
prioritization June 1st John Oliver's
last week tonight raises the issue of
net neutrality and it gets so much
attention that the FCC comment system
crashes within the following weeks the
FCC comment system receives over 1
in comments of which 99% are pro net
neutrality internet slowdown day a
number of websites self throttle their
traffic to demonstrate what life would
be like without net neutrality the FCC
comment system approaches 4 million and
crashes again November 10th President
Barack Obama endorses net neutrality and
reclassification of ISPs January 2015
Senate Republicans propose a weak net
neutrality bill with few protections FCC
Chairman Tom wheeler endorses net
neutrality in a Wired op-ed piece a few
weeks before the major vote to
reclassify ISPs February 26th the FCC
reclassify broadband companies as
telecommunication services officially
putting an end to data blocking
throttling and paid prioritization after
losing so many battles it looks like net
neutrality advocates have finally won
the war for the Internet at least for
now no doubt ISPs will go to court to
challenge the new rules the internet is
a pretty complicated thing that most of
us take for granted if you want to learn
how the internet works take a look at
this video I made with dnews and if you
want to learn more about net neutrality
there's a nice animated explainer right
here thank you for watching test-tube
don't forget to subscribe
