this episode is brought to you by aj+ in
the two years since the Arab Spring the
stability of the Middle East seems to be
balanced between Western European
influences and traditional Islamic
Authority smack dab in the middle of
this power struggle lies Turkey the
quasi democratic and secular country
with allies on both sides so how
powerful is Turkey
well Turkey's influence partially stems
from their massive military presence due
to mandatory conscription turkey boasts
the second largest army in the NATO
alliance besides the United States with
610 thousand active military personnel
and the ability to produce advanced
defense technology Turkey appeals to the
West as one of the few secular and
democratic forces in the Middle East
while also maintaining a positive
relationship with neighboring countries
because of their 99.8% Sunni Muslim
population Turkey has taken an active
role playing peacekeeper between east
and west by mediating secret talks
between Israel and Syria as well as
taking an active role in negotiating
Iran's nuclear proliferation however in
recent years the Turkish president has
spurned Israel in the Palestinian
conflict and disowns during President
Bashar al-assad economically Turkey is
booming following the 2008 global
financial recession Turkey has seen
faster growth in any European country
and is one of the fastest growing
economies in the world
additionally Turkey is one of the few
self-sufficient agricultural countries
however much of their energy needs are
still imported and they have limited
domestic oil reserves so what does this
all mean for Turkey on one hand the
country is in a state of flux with
alliances to both Western and Middle
Eastern powers on the other hand Turkey
is deeply entangled in that same power
struggle as is evidenced by the recent
difficulty in joining the EU they're
considered somewhat of a loose cannon by
both sides
although Turkey is indeed quite powerful
it relies heavily on their mutually
allied status despite the amount of
violence so close to home
Turkey is extremely hesitant to join the
war against Isis want to know why check
out our video here it may have also been
reluctant because of their financial
relationship with Isis it's estimated
that Isis is smuggling fifteen million
dollars worth of oil every month through
Turkey to see all of our latest videos
click here now
