since it was established by science
fiction writer l ron Hubbard in 1954
Scientology has reportedly amassed over
10 million members worldwide
Scientology might affirm itself as a
religion but some scholars argue that it
should be instead classified as a new
religious movement while other critics
suggest that it would be more accurate
to call it a commercial enterprise or a
cult so which is it well the answer is
not exactly straightforward despite its
numerous followers which include
high-profile celebrities Scientology has
only recently been recognized as a
formal religion by certain countries
elsewhere it's another story in the u.s.
Scientology is officially acknowledged
as a tax-exempt religious organization
in 1993 alongside the u.s. Scientology's
accepted as a religion in countries like
Italy South Africa and Australia but
several European nations have denied its
religious status with Germany being the
most outspoken over the issue in late
2007 members of the German government
attempted to ban Scientology but the
case was abandoned a year later as there
were no legal grounds for pursuing it
Germany's argument that the faith is not
a religion but a commercial enterprise
is the same argument that has been
levied against Scientology by other
critics the practice of auditing is
central to Scientology but it's also
controversial
according to Scientologists it's a
process that allows members to find and
handle areas of anxiety to further their
spiritual potential through paid
training programmes but reports suggest
that attaining this goal can take
hundreds of thousands of dollars
auditing alongside large donations has
reportedly made Scientology worth over 1
billion dollars over the last few
decades the head of Scientology has
invested the church's wealth into
extensive outreach and Public Relation
campaigns which are often backed by
Hollywood celebrities these PR campaigns
aim to recruit new members which could
help to cement their status as religion
and gain more influence worldwide so how
powerful is Scientology's right now well
according to a former church official
the Scientology's power within the media
is waning
especially several celebrity members
have left the faith and published
tell-all stories other critics think
that the church is shying away from
using famous members to endorse
Scientology because it's opted to use a
more subtle approach like the
recent ad that was aired during a
national pro football event which had
many viewers guessing what the ad was
about until the last few seconds
Scientologists also wield subtle power
through offshoot organizations and
corporate entities which offer financial
executive and even social services like
drug rehabilitation
however these companies have been
heavily criticized for offering services
which are actually a covert front for
enlisting new members to Scientology so
why go to such great lengths to recruit
followers well reports suggest that the
church doesn't have as many members as
it claims despite claiming to be one of
the fastest growing religions worldwide
2008 survey reportedly showed that the
u.s. only has 25,000 members which
suggests that Scientology may not be as
strong in numbers as it claims to be
you're probably wondering what it takes
to be officially recognized as a
religion by the government right well we
made a video about it click here to
watch by implication it also prevents
the government from elevating any one
religion over another because that would
count is establishing one religion and
by extension prohibiting another and
make sure to subscribe so you get every
brand new test-tube video right into
your feed
