white farmers in Zimbabwe have been
given 90 days to vacate their land as
part of a plan by Zimbabwe President
Mugabe to reallocate these lands to
black Zimbabweans previous land
reallocation programs have resulted in
large-scale violence and deaths of both
black and white Zimbabweans so if this
practice has proven to be so violent in
the past
why does Mugabe insist on intensifying
land grabs now while most of the issue
centers around Mugabe himself and
Zimbabwe is independence from Britain
Mugabe first came to power 30 years ago
as part of a rebel group who gained
independence for Zimbabwe from Britain
once in power Mugabe was quick to
negotiate a deal with the British
government to help transfer land from
the colonizing population of British
farmers to the native population of
black Zimbabweans Britain agreed to help
fund these reforms to ease some of that
transition meeting 50% of costs to
convert commercial farms into areas for
resettlement the program was successful
at settling 72,000 black Zimbabweans on
8.5 million hectares of former white
owned commercial land between 1980 and
2000 Britain provided a total of 44
million pounds sterling to this Imbaba
government for resettlement projects but
former UK Prime Minister Tony Blair
ceased funding in 1997 at which point
Mugabe without the specter of British
oversight fast-tracked land reforms and
ordered the seizure of 1,500 white owned
farms violence ensued and many white and
black Zimbabweans died in the fighting
to complicate things further many plots
of land do lay untouched for some time
leading to a sharp fall in agricultural
production people are now starving in
Zimbabwe and the economy has suffered
now 90 years old Mugabe health is
failing but his policies will most
likely continue even after his death in
a recent purge Mugabe dismissed his
vice-president along with several other
cabinet ministers and catapulted his
wife Grace Mugabe into a senior position
within the ruling party reports suggest
that Mugabe might be grooming his
younger wife to be a successor do you
ever wonder why leaders like in gobby
hold on to power so tightly power is
wired into our brains learn more in this
video from the University of California
and thank you for watching test-tube
please subscribe
