Human Rights Watch has reported that the
Egyptian government used unwarranted
police force during a 2013 protest that
caused an estimated 900 deaths the
organization also notes that poor prison
conditions are leading to some prisoner
deaths the question is what has happened
in Egypt since the Arab Spring and has
the country improved since then first we
should give a quick rundown of Egypt's
recent history as a result of a huge
uprising in 2011 president Hosni Mubarak
and his oppressive regime were forced to
resign this was after being in power for
nearly 30 years then in 2012 Mohamed
Morsi with the support of the political
group called the Muslim Brotherhood was
elected however he was deposed in 2013
coup d'etat and Abdel Fattah el-sisi the
current president took his place in 2014
this was at first welcomed because many
people blamed Morsi for the shrinking
economy and shortages of electricity and
fuel but since morsi's outing in 2013
violence and oppression have become
increasingly common in Egypt which is
what the human rights groups are
currently protesting the opinion is that
president Sisi has appointed those who
are close to him to office while
cracking down on his non supporters
especially the Muslim Brotherhood they
have also been cracking down on freedom
of speech and jailing opponents the
Egyptian government notably jailed three
al Jazeera reporters in 2013 and in 2014
more than 500 supporters of the Muslim
Brotherhood were sentenced to death on
charges of murdering a high-ranking
policeman in addition to all of this the
Egyptian economy has also been poor
since the Revolution there are some
signs of potential recovery now but in
January
Egypt's currency hit a historic low
against the US dollar tourism which
generates a significant amount of the
Egypt's GDP has also fallen on average
since 2011 and the US Bureau of Consular
Affairs recommends that American
citizens avoid urban areas after dark
terrorists in Egypt have also remained a
significant concern to the public and
the government according to the
Congressional Research Service the Sinai
Peninsula is home to a mix of terrorist
cells including radical Bedouin Arabs
foreign fighters and Palestinian
militants which target both Egypt and
Israel the most powerful of these groups
is called Ansar Bayt al-maqdis
which swore allegiance to Isis in
November of 2014
needless to say things in Egypt are bad
and may not change anytime soon
the u.s. is still sending military and
economic aid to the country and although
the UN is giving the Egyptian government
a sort of grace period to work on their
democracy that's not going to last
forever other countries in the region
are facing a very similar power struggle
since the Arab Spring to learn about the
situation in Libya Egypt's and next-door
neighbor
check out this video now Libya is rife
with Islamic militant groups regional
militias and foreign terrorist networks
all of which are fighting for control of
different parts of the country and be
sure to subscribe we release new videos
6 days a week thanks for watching
