the small fishing community of Budo in
Nigeria recently won an 83 million
dollar settlement from the Shell Oil
Company due to two oil spills in the
region back in 2008
Showell neglected the problem at first
and when they finally did acknowledge it
it was grossly underestimated and the
company only offered to pay six thousand
dollars in compensation while the
million-dollar payout is a victory for
the Nigerian people it does bring up the
question with such a large oil spill
almost swept under the rug
how many more go unreported when bps
Deepwater Horizon leaked in 2010 the
incident hit world headlines but the
myriad of oil spills in Nigeria since
the 1990s hasn't had nearly as much
coverage despite reports that more oil
is spilled in the Niger Delta every year
than has been lost in the Deepwater
Horizon incident and the oil spills in
Nigeria represent just a fraction of the
problem in 2011 a tanker produced an oil
slick the size of London in China's
Bohai sea it took a month before news of
the spill was made public in 2014 two
hikers in Utah stumbled across an oil
spill within the Grand
staircase-escalante national monument
that spanned an area of four miles
despite the size of the spill the oil
company who owned the pipeline had not
been aware that there was a leak and the
list goes on and on over the years
innumerable unreported spills have been
discovered within North Dakota across
the Gulf of Mexico and in the North Sea
according to an analysis by the
environmental agency energy wire there
were at least seven thousand six hundred
and sixty-two spills blowouts leaks and
other mishaps in 2013 in the US or about
2000 spills a day the report goes on to
say that their combined volume totaled
more than 26 million gallons of oil
hydraulic fracturing fluid fracking
waste water and other substances Plus
this figure isn't completely
representative as a few large
oil-producing states like Louisiana
chose not to disclose their spills for
the energy wire report so how our oil
and gas company is able to get away with
it well according to whistleblowers
working within the oil industry
accidents are kept quiet because workers
fear for their jobs The Guardian reports
that they maintained an informal code of
silence to keep
pumps running in the company's profits
up industry experts also have questioned
whether the relationship between
government regulators in the oil
industry have become too close in
Nigeria for example it is believed that
the Nigerian government which owns 55
percent of shell Nigeria played a part
in keeping the Budo spill quiet
however the budeau ruling has offered
significant hope to affected communities
who wish to seek remuneration from the
oil and gas giants representatives for
budeau believes that if more groups
successfully win compensation the
industry as a whole might be forced to
take more responsibility for oil spills
and their cleanup to find out more about
where oil comes from please be sure to
check out our video on that now you can
also subscribe to get all of our videos
6 days a week thanks for watching
