recently the international community
condemned Israel for its plans to build
200 new homes on a hillside in East
Jerusalem many see this plan is harmful
to a future two-state solution between
Israel and Palestine and the
announcement of the plan spurned
violence from both sides so what exactly
is going on in East Jerusalem well like
most things in the area its history is
complicated
after a truce was called during the 1948
arab-israeli war lines were drawn
dividing up the city of Jerusalem half
of the city was under Israeli control
and half was under Jordanian control
then in 1967 the Six Day War broke out
with the Arab world once again attacking
Israel during this conflict Israel
captured East Jerusalem and annexed it
as part of their own country many do not
recognize this annexation as legal
including the United Nations which
passed resolution 242 in 1967 asking for
the withdrawal of Israeli troops from
East Jerusalem the UN also passed
another resolution in 1980 again
declaring Israel's claim of Jerusalem as
their capital null and void the issue is
coming up again because Israel's plan to
build on land in East Jerusalem is
actually a bigger problem than just
their occupying it because populating a
land you're occupying with your citizens
and housing is considered a violation of
the Geneva Conventions it would be akin
to the u.s. setting up permanent
settlements in Afghanistan so where does
Palestine fit into all of this well they
want Israel to shrink back to the size
they were prior to the six-day war then
they want to fill that void with their
own people and their own settlements
because they see East Jerusalem as the
future capital of the state of Palestine
the international community also
supports this policy because they see
giving part of the city to Palestine as
a possible way to establish a two-state
solution and a lasting peace in the area
Israel does not want to lose East
Jerusalem and they argue that freeing up
this area would actually cause more
conflicts not less because prior to 1967
the area was primarily a war zone and
they fear that it could become that
again if they were to leave
adding to all of this tension is the
fact that East Jerusalem is
too many sites that are considered holy
by both groups disputes over one place
in particular known as the Temple Mount
by Jews and noble sanctuary by Muslims
has led to some of the worst violence
seen in Jerusalem in ten years this
includes the most recent attack inside a
Jerusalem synagogue that left four
rabbis dead and over a dozen wounded for
more on why Israel and Palestine are
fighting check out our video on the
origins of their conflict Palestinians
claim that after the war Israel wouldn't
let them return home forcing most of
them to live in the West Bank and the
Gaza Strip both areas now function as a
home for Palestinian refugees and please
subscribe we release six new videos a
week and subscribing is the best way to
make sure you see them thanks for
watching
