recently US President Barack Obama and
Chinese President Xi Jinping announced
an agreement that will cut greenhouse
gases by significant margins in both
countries China is the largest emitter
of greenhouse gases in the world
producing more than 28% of the world's
annual greenhouse gases in 2013 so what
does this Agreement mean to China or
more importantly the world first let's
look at what China has pledged to
accomplish President Jinping announced
China will cap carbon dioxide emissions
around 2030 they also plan on addressing
renewable energy by increasing
non-fossil fuel consumption to 20% of
total energy used up from 9.8 percent in
2013 they also have been experimenting
with wind solar hydro and nuclear energy
sources the question is are these
accomplishable goals
well many experts think the 2030 carbon
dioxide cap was already an inevitable
milestone with some saying that goals
should have been more ambitious but the
increase to clean energy is clearly the
bolder of the two promises and would
directly influence how high their carbon
peak could grow hitting these goals
would mean a cut to coal energy and
ultimately a decrease in greenhouse gas
emissions and air pollution
China's plan has positive ramifications
outside of their country as well China
has always fought international pressure
to take action on fighting their carbon
footprint and this announcement shows
progress it also may help put an end to
one of the Republican Party's main
reasons for balking at climate change
regulations one talking point repeated
by the US right is that if China isn't
doing anything to curb carbon dioxide
emissions then American reductions would
be too insignificant to make a
difference
this new deal may help push some
politicians toward bipartisan agreements
also with both China and the u.s.
committing to changes other major carbon
exporters like India may step up their
fight recently developing nations have
argued that richer countries like China
and the US have to make the first move
since they are the major polluters
hopefully those countries can see this
as an official first move this agreement
is also well-timed possibly forcing the
climate issue to be put on the agenda at
the upcoming g20 summit in Australia and
is a good foundation for further talks
at the 2015 UN climate change conference
in Paris so will this Agreement change
the world maybe not some experts think
China and the US have not pledged enough
and that even if these goals are
accomplished it will not result in
significant global change they also
questioned the veracity of China and the
US s convictions because this agreement
is non-binding and the Republican Party
is already voicing their opposition in
the end this historical announcement may
just be a bunch of hot air let us know
what you think of this video down below
and if you liked it please subscribe you
can also watch this other video about
how powerful China really is according
to the International Monetary Fund
within a few years the working-age
population will reach a historical peak
and then begin a sharp decline this will
lead to fewer workers and higher wages
