Boko Haram recently kidnapped 30
children from a village in Nigeria
pushing the total number of people
kidnapped by Boko Haram since 2009 to
well over 500 over the past year a
number of these victims have managed to
escape
meaning we now have a glimpse into what
living as a captive of Boko Haram is
really like the first thing to note is
that the vast majority of Boko Haram's
captives are female this is important
because Boko Haram is a Muslim extremist
group and as such their goal is to
establish an extremely antiquated and
strict version of Sharia law one that in
the best case scenario still strips
women of their human rights and treats
them as completely subservient to men
the kidnapped women who have since
escaped report rampant physical
psychological and sexual abuse at the
hands of Boko Haram fighters including
rape there are reports that some
commanders try to protect the girls from
such acts but even that protection ends
when the girls are sold into marriage
against their will and forced into bed
by their new husbands a practice that's
common for Boko Haram anecdotally one of
the now free girls claims that a Boko
Haram commander married off his own
daughter to another man when she was
only four years old in addition to this
mistreatment of women Boko Haram is also
forcing captives to renounce their
religions according to one of the now
free girls fighters put a noose around
her neck and threatened to hang her
unless she renounced her Christianity
and converted to Islam those are the
norms for women in captivity but they're
not the only human rights violations
being committed some factions of Boko
Haram also use captives in their
terrorist operations girls have been
used to lure Boko Haram enemies into
ambushes they've also been forced to
carry ammunition on the front lines and
they're being forced or manipulated into
killing on behalf of the terrorist group
human rights groups even fear that Boko
Haram may be using some of these girls
as suicide bombers but authorities can't
know for sure if the girls were being
forced to carry out these acts or
weren't doctrine Aidid to do so Boko
Haram and Nigeria reportedly struck a
ceasefire deal recently but that seems
to be having little effect on the ground
in Nigeria
the 30 children mentioned at the
beginning of the video were kidnapped
after the agreement was established in
addition to another 60 women and girls
in two separate Christian villages these
girls will most likely be forced into
motherhood sold it to slavery or killed
and without international intervention
there's no reason to believe that Boko
Haram will slow down their kidnappings
or bring back the girls to find out more
about Boko Haram and how they originated
please check out our early video
profiling the group the group was
started by Muhammad Youssef in 2002 with
the intention of creating a true Islamic
society under Sharia law and remember we
upload new videos 6 days a week so
please subscribe
