a u.s. congressional executive
commission is raising alarms about human
rights in China while urging the u.s. to
closely monitor the situation in Hong
Kong there concerns that the fragile
freedoms and rule of law that
distinguish Hong Kong from mainland
China could be in jeopardy if Hong Kong
loses its current level of autonomy
meaning that a group of united states
congressman and members of the State
Department fear that Hong Kong could
lose basic human rights simply by being
forced to live under China's normal
system of government so why are they
saying that well in all centers around
the rule of law it's a principle that
states that a country should be governed
by a set of laws and that those laws
should apply to all members of that
society including its leadership it's
also seen by human rights advocates as a
precondition for the establishment of
human rights the problem is China
doesn't exactly follow the rule of law
they have laws but the Communist Party
of China or CPC controls all aspects of
China's government and as such they
often ignore or make up laws as they see
fit
they're also largely treated as being
above the law and have been known to
prosecute Chinese citizens without any
legal justification as recently as last
December China had a program in place
that enabled officials to send minor
offenders religious believers and
political dissidents to re-education in
forced labor camps without charge or
trial China's current top official Xi
Jinping is working on instituting some
systems to stem the tide of corruption
and rein in high-ranking party officials
for one he was behind the decision to
end the re-education program but he's
also the force behind the numerous
corruption investigations that the CPC
is currently undergoing he also made the
theme of this year's biggest CPC policy
meeting rule by law which is not the
same thing as rule of law from what we
can tell Jinping does want legal reform
but he doesn't want rule of law he leans
towards the Confucian ideal of
governance that sees good governance as
a rule by leaders who are benevolent and
virtuous indications point to his
wanting a system that makes leaders more
accountable to the people and the party
by cutting out some of the corruption
but he doesn't want those
leaders to have real checks and balances
or the same legal standing as general
citizens under Jinping the decisions of
the party leaders will always be the
actual law in China no matter whether
they're codified laws imply in fact as
long as China remains a one-party system
without the rule of law then human
rights violations and the suppression of
their citizens will always be a concern
if you'd like to learn more about the
situation in Hong Kong please click here
now the people of Hong Kong have seen
how authoritative an anti-democratic the
Chinese government can be in some
instances many are worried that losing
the freedom to control their own
elections could lead to their losing
that special administrative status and
remember we upload new videos five days
a week so please subscribe
