the u.s. midterm elections are happening
this November 4th and statistically
speaking almost nobody cares which is
shocking because a lot of these are
local elections and they have a much
larger impact on your day to day life
than a national one does in fact who is
in Congress matters much less in some
cases than who is on your school board
or in your State House and I'm not being
hyperbolic here most states are set up
exactly like our national government
with an executive legislative and
judicial branch this is your governor
your district representative and your
judges they write the bills they sign
the laws and determine the legality of
those laws they literally decide what is
and is not allowed in your state things
like same-sex marriage or legalized
marijuana are decided by these people if
you want to yell legalize it at anybody
it should be at your councilmen from
your or any other district because at
the end of the day your state's drug
policy is their decision education is
also largely decided by your state and
local governments they fund the majority
of K through 12 education they also
enjoy an enormous amount of influence
over the curriculum if you want
evolution abstinence or music taught or
a new football stadium built you have to
vote for representatives and school
board members who want those same things
state governments also control the
criminal justice system election laws
and the drawing of congressional
districts all of which can greatly
impact basic human rights in your
community some states have three strike
laws or stop-and-frisk laws these tend
to negatively impact or out-and-out
target african-americans and other
minority communities other governments
have voter ID and registration laws that
make it harder for minorities and the
elderly to vote some state governments
are changing their congressional
districts so that the political party in
power can stay in power despite the fact
that their party no longer represents
the majority of your state's population
and that's just the tip of the iceberg
everything from the stop sign on your
block to the price of your state college
tuition is decided on the local or state
level if you care about any issue be it
gun rights minimum wage affordable
health care a board
where your favorite sports team is going
to play your district representatives
are the people making those decisions
not your Congressman if you'd like to
know more about voter ID laws and how
some states are manipulating them to
prevent u.s. citizens from voting please
click here now the people without IDs of
the very same people that don't have
driver's licenses so they can't just
drive on down to the DMV and pick up a
photo ID card a lot of them live in
rural areas that are nowhere near the
closest DMV others may not have driver's
licenses because they can't afford a car
and to see more test-tube please
subscribe
