this episode of test-tube is brought to
you by ting mobile that makes sense
President Obama would like to see the
federal minimum wage increased from 725
an hour to 1010 an hour and there's a
lot of debate about this issue one side
insists that raising the minimum wage
will inject money into the economy and
lead to more jobs the other side thinks
that it will create inflation and force
layoffs according to the majority of
economists both sides are totally wrong
there is a growing consensus that
increasing the minimum wage will have
little to no effect on job growth
unemployment or inflation so why do
pundits and politicians talk about those
things in relation to this issue the
simple answer is politics political
operatives on both sides use their party
members perceptions of the economy to
sway votes and embolden their base there
are numerous examples of this in every
campaign stump speech and attack ad
since the Great Recession in 2008 but
instead of diving into that let's look
at some Gallup polls President Obama's
overall job rating in the most recent
poll was 44% but when asked about how
he's handling the economy
this rating dips to 35% Gallup also
found that Democrats on the whole are
more confident in the economy than
Republicans by a significant margin with
independents falling right in the middle
Republicans already think the economy is
bad and dislike how Obama is handling
things if Republicans want to stir up
their base and attack the other side
drumming up fears about inflation and
layoffs is a great way to do that
Democrats are more positive about the
economy and have a need to defend
Obama's record on that end if Democrats
want to stem those fears and garner more
support for the president talking about
injecting money into the economy and job
growth is a great way to do that
according to most analysts the perceived
state of the economy has always had a
direct effect on election outcomes a
good economy is better for incumbents
and a bad economy is better for
contenders so with a Democrat in the
White House it's beneficial for
Republicans to push the perception that
our economy is crumbling and it's
beneficial for Democrats
push the perception that our economy is
on the rise even though both sides of
the argument are speculative so what
does that mean should we just stop
thinking about the minimum wage
no because raising the minimum wage
still matters most economists agree that
increasing the minimum wage will
decrease poverty reports show that a
modest increase if only 10% to the
minimum wage could decrease poverty by
more than 2% Obama is looking to
increase the minimum wage by thirty nine
point three percent which could reduce
the number of people living below the
poverty line by about four million this
episode is brought to you by ting go to
test-tube ting calm to see how much
you'll save plus if you do that now
you'll get $25 off a new device or $25
and service credit there are no hidden
admin fees or sketchy charges ting bills
are simple to understand and they only
charge you usage plus $6 per device plus
tax each month ting mobile that makes
sense if you found this video
informative and you want more
educational content please check out my
other show dnews we just did an episode
about whether the universe is a hologram
tracing in here for dnews and let me
just say I am really glad that we've got
Ian because this is a totally
mind-bending experiment and it's going
on right now
to probe the tiniest scales of the
universe new test-tube videos five days
a week please subscribe to the channel
