thanks to a lot of complicated laws and
loopholes it's seemingly easier than
ever for a handful of billionaires to
influence policy and elections which is
why it's important to figure out what
the actual difference is between a
Republican billionaire and a Democrat
billionaire I mean they're already
billionaires what do they want that
money can't buy to answer that we looked
at some of the biggest billionaires on
each side Republican oil magnates the
Koch brothers and Democrat hedge fund
billionaire George Soros the Koch
brothers and Soros have both spent
hundreds of millions of dollars
supporting their side they are both
frustrated with a system that they think
is broken misguided or downright wrong
and despite what you may assume they
both actually want a lot of the same
things they're generally anti-war and
anti corporate welfare they're generally
for gay marriage abortion rights and the
decriminalization of marijuana and they
are both obsessed with freedom the
difference is how each side defines
freedom for Democrats freedom is a
society in which every person no matter
their station is the same opportunities
and rights as any other person and they
say the government is a tool to ensure
those rights and foster those
opportunities be it through funding
education or subsidizing farmers or
establishing workers rights for
Republicans especially coke funded
Republicans freedom is a personal
responsibility they want a society free
from an intrusive and controlling
government a place where a citizens
hard-earned money stays with that
citizen and doesn't go to programs like
Obamacare or Medicaid or education or
anything else that involves paying taxes
they want individualism to reign supreme
and the government basically to get off
their lawn so on one side we have
selfish Democrat billionaires trying to
make a better life for themselves by
building a better government for
everybody and on the other side we have
selfish Republican billionaires trying
to make a better life for themselves by
getting the government off the backs of
everybody to who is right and who is
wrong we'll leave that up to you the
voters it's your ballot and your country
so what do you think should the
government be setting better goals and
doing more for the people or should it
just leave you the heck alone to see
more test-tube click now and watch our
episode on how the government is
regulating your sex life but might still
let you hook up with dead people it's
weird stuff the states have the power to
just decide whatever crazy thing they
want that's the bad news the good news
is none of those laws really matter
please subscribe and let us know what
you'd like us to cover
