long time prime minister of iraq Nouri
al-maliki recently failed to gain enough
support in iraq's Council of
Representatives to form a governing
majority and as a result he is no longer
recognized as prime minister by his
government this raises a good question
what is the current state of the Iraqi
government well first let's talk about
how the Iraqi government is set up they
have a president but outside of
officially nominating a prime minister
he has a largely ceremonial role it's
the iraqi prime minister who has all the
real power he is their head of
government and commander-in-chief but
because they have a parliamentary system
with proportional representation
selecting a prime minister isn't as easy
as just voting someone into office under
the Iraqi system voters don't actually
vote for people they vote for political
coalition's whichever coalition wins the
largest percentage of votes gets the
largest percentage of seats in the
Council of Representatives Maliki's
Islamic Dawa party was part of the state
of law coalition they are the coalition
that now hold the most seats in the
council this is important because the
group with the largest coalition gets to
select the next prime minister the
person they select is then officially
nominated by the President and approved
by the Council of Representatives as a
whole even after all of that they are
still not legally prime minister to
begin their term as prime minister they
have to select a Council of Ministers to
help them run the country and that
Council of Ministers has to be approved
by the Council of Representatives this
is referred to as getting a governing
majority and it is the final thing you
need to become prime minister of Iraq if
the Prime Minister can't get a governing
majority their political coalition can
pick a new party member to be Prime
Minister this is what the state of law
coalition has just done and how haider
al-abadi became the newest man vying to
be Prime Minister it's a complicated but
necessary system in a country as divided
as a rock with the constant threat of
the Islamic state formerly known as Isis
in the middle of the country and the
growing independence of the Kurdish
regional government in the north
establishing a prime minister who has a
governing majority is the best hope for
keeping the country together as a whole
if you found this video interesting and
would like to learn more about Iraq and
the conflict there please click on our
video about the Islamic state and what
they want in Iraq
who is Isis and what do they want while
they're a jihadist militant group with
strongholds in both Iraq and Syria as
you can see on this map but they're not
stopping there or click our video about
the Kurdish people and their Peshmerga
security forces we release new videos
five days a week please subscribe
