health care workers in West Africa are
currently battling the largest Ebola
outbreak in history more than 670 people
have died including health workers and
more than 1,100 people have been
infected it is a huge problem in past
outbreaks Ebola has a 90 percent
fatality rate there's no vaccine and it
can be dormant in humans for a few days
to a few weeks before showing symptoms
meaning that an infected human could
board a plane and spread the disease to
anywhere on the globe unknowingly so how
worried should we be could Ebola be the
next global pandemic the short answer is
no Ebola begins with infected animals
and jumping from animals to humans is
fairly rare but when it has jumped Ebola
passes from person to person through
contact with infected blood or feces it
could conceivably spread through contact
with saliva or sweat but according to
expert epidemiologist Stephen Morris
from Columbia University it's unlikely
there have been cases in which that's
happened the current outbreak in Africa
is largely due to poor sanitary
conditions a lack of education about the
disease and a lack of resources it is
customary in the section of West Africa
where Ebola has spread for family
members to clean the body of the
deceased before burying it Ebola causes
diarrhea and external bleeding so
handling the dead is a major way that
the disease spreads this part of West
Africa also has limited medical
resources so infected people are being
treated in crowded understaffed
facilities there aren't enough health
workers and the ones that are there work
12 to 24 hours shifts putting themselves
at greater risk but Ebola is still an
isolated issue and will most likely stay
that way even if an infected person were
to hop a plane to the US and bring the
disease here the CDC would have a team
in place to handle and contain the
outbreak almost immediately
plus all hospitals nationwide are
already on alert so if anyone were to
show up with Ebola symptoms the CDC
would be contacted and worked to contain
the disease would begin immediately if
you'd like to know more about the CDC
and their efforts to fight disease check
out our video on the new anti HIV pill
and why the CDC is not recommending it
forever
one vaccines create antibodies that make
you immune to a disease Truvada prevents
HIV but does not make you immune to it
it's basically a condom in pill form or
click on our other box to see our
episode on the current crisis in Iraq
and what our military advisors are doing
there new videos five days a week please
subscribe it is the best way to see all
of our content
