the UN Security Council unanimously
passed a resolution that quote condemns
in the strongest terms the attack that
brought down Malaysian Airlines flight
17 over Ukraine they also demanded
unfettered access to the crash site but
they haven't yet listed this resolution
under Chapter 7 of the United Nations
Charter so the resolution is not
enforceable and they gave in to pressure
from Russia and change the phrase
shooting down to downing so they didn't
even use the strongest terms available
in their condemnation which begs the
question what good is the UN what
military powers does it even have the
short answer is that depends the UN is a
coalition of 193 nations if all of those
nations were to work together militarily
they would collectively wield incredible
power but it would be those nations
wielding power as a group not the UN
wielding power by itself you can think
of the UN as more of a forum than a
force in fact the UN General Assembly is
literally just that a place where 193
nations can discuss global and domestic
issues occasionally recommendations will
come out of this forum but they are not
binding and it's up to each individual
nation to comply the u.s. gets tagged in
the press a lot for not complying within
the UN there's a smaller group called
the UN Security Council this is a group
of 15 nations responsible for assessing
threats to the peace and determining
what actions should be taken in response
to these threats be it sanctions
communication disruptions or military
actions their decisions are binding when
the council says they are binding and UN
members are obligated to carry them out
this can include contributing troops and
supplies for military engagement though
obligated is a strong word there have
been incidents of disobedience and other
countermeasures plus any decision made
by the Security Council can be vetoed by
one of the five permanent members of the
Security Council these members are China
France Russia UK and the US so in a
current dispute like the one between
Ukraine and Russia
the Security Council's actual power is
limited because Russia can just veto any
decision it doesn't agree with it's a
tough spot for the rest of the UN to be
in but it's all part of the checks and
balances that make the UN a coalition
it's also part of why some people think
the
when is an extremely biased coalition to
hear more about the Malaysian airline
disaster in Ukraine click here now to
see our video on who if anybody will
have to pay for shooting down the
commercial flight we can't say with any
certainty how this will impact the
conflict in Ukraine or international
relations but we can look back at other
similar incidents to see what their
impact was or click the other box to see
our video on why Catholic priests aren't
allowed to marry we release new videos
five days a week subscribe to our
Channel it's the best way to get those
videos right in your Inbox
