once again Iraq is in complete turmoil
this time it all centers on a group
called the Islamic state in Iraq and
Syria commonly referred to as Isis now
you'd have to be a scholar on Iraq and
Syria to fully understand this conflict
so we can't explain everything but we
can tell you enough to contextualize all
the news stories you've been hearing
lately so the next time someone says
Isis you can say oh yeah I know those
guys they're horrible terrorists so who
is Isis and what do they want while
they're a jihadist militant group with
strongholds in both Iraq and Syria as
you can see on this map but they're not
stopping there their goal is to obtain
more land so they can create their own
nation their dream country it would look
something like this and it would be
called the Islamic state in Iraq and
Syria or Isis so who are the fighting
members of Isis well that's where it
gets complicated
Iraq breaks down into three major groups
Sunni Arabs Shiite Arabs and Kurds Isis
members are Sunni Arabs as was Saddam
Hussein his regime was Sunni backed so
does that mean this is just the old
guard taking back power no Saddam
Hussein was a secularist Isis on the
other hand is a militant jihadist group
that wants strict Sharia law
this was not the desire of Hussein's
regime although there are signs that
some of Saddam's former forces are
currently working with Isis it's
complicated and in Syria it gets even
more complicated Syria's war crime
committing government is currently
fighting a civil war against various
rebel groups Isis is not one of those
rebel groups but Isis does want to take
over most of Syria so they're in some
degree of armed conflict with both the
Syrian government and the rebels it's
pure chaos in short Isis has been
committing acts of violence and
terrorism in both Syria and Iraq for a
while and they're only now making the
news for one simple reason they're
winning militarily speaking Isis is the
most successful jihadist group the world
has ever seen they're collecting taxes
from businesses setting up
infrastructure and releasing quarterly
reports they're gaining strength so they
could be around for a long time and they
may be a bigger threat to the
surrounding areas in the long run than
al Qaeda let us know in the comments
what you think of Isis and if you'd like
to learn more about the current state of
Islam check out our video on what the
true meaning of the word jihad is the
answer is much more positive than you
might think or click on the other box to
get up-to-date information on the
current lethal injection debacle and
remember we post new episodes every
single day so please please please
subscribe we are new and we can always
use the support
