are the Koreas finally on a path to
peace in a historic summit meeting on
April 27th 2018 South Korean president
moon jae-in and North Korean leader Kim
jong-un agreed to work toward complete
denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula
and seek a permanent end to the 1950s
Korean War in a theatrical series of
events surrounded by cameras the leaders
hugged shook hands and even planted a
unity pine tree using soil and water
from both countries but some experts
argue that until the commitments from
both leaders translate into policy it
could be too soon to celebrate i'm
bersia
this is now this world and on this
episode were diving into what exactly
happened at that meeting in the
Demilitarized Zone and what this all
means for the future of North and South
Korea Kim jong-un ganaron wanjin on
Yokota
Agamemnon commander Sheeran Hangul she
reappeared on go sorry
Haga the meeting was full of both
concrete and symbolic significance in
the first inter-korean summit in more
than a decade the leaders met in the
truce village of Panmunjom where the
Korean Armistice was signed in 1953
armistice was designed to be a temporary
ceasefire measure until a peace
agreement could be reached spoiler alert
it never was
but now it looks like that official
peace treaty could be on the horizon
following a half hour of intense private
conversation out of the reach of
reporters microphones the two Korean
leaders sat side by side and signed the
pen moon gem declaration here's what it
said the Koreas will pursue peace talks
with China and the US as well as seek
support from the international community
to completely Dinu clear eyes the region
that would be a big deal considering
just months ago Kim warned the u.s. that
North Korea's nuclear forces were a
reality and not an empty threat though
as experts have pointed out the
agreement does not signal precisely how
they intend to dien nuclear eyes
throughout 2017 kim tested entered
continental ballistic missiles
reportedly powerful enough to reach the
US mainland and a nuclear bomb seven
times stronger than the one the u.s.
dropped on Hiroshima you want eternity a
hexagon Kanani and Samir Hecht
Antoinette's Hamas it's it's only hands
on no internal good even Kobe
unintentional top ro but I am and
remember this best not make any more
threats to the United States they will
be met with fire and fury like the world
has never seen the pan moon jom
declaration signals a clear move away
from conflict and toward a path of peace
not only with South Korea but in the
greater international landscape it also
proposes plans to field a joint sports
team turn the DMZ into a peace zone
establish a joint liaison office where
the resident representatives from both
sides and a commitment for families
divided by the war to reunite the
leaders also agreed to continue frequent
talks in person and on the phone and in
more symbolic moves kim jong hoon became
the first North Korean leader to cross
the border into South Korea since the
war and in what appeared to be an
unscripted move Kim took moon jae-in's
hand inviting him across the demarcation
line into North Korea for a few seconds
Kim even proclaimed a quote new history
between the Koreas he thanked the press
and he said he wanted Koreans to be able
to move freely between the north and the
south
since the talks north korea has promised
to sink its clocks back with south
korean time which was previously set 30
minutes behind the north so what's the
catch this puts pressure on the White
House and with Kim holding the cards now
some suggest he could be using this
agreement to drive wedges between South
Korea and the US and China and Japan
even that Kim might hold the promise of
denuclearization in exchange for a
reduced American presence in the South
now President Trump is holding out
tweeting that the US should be proud of
what's happening between the Koreas but
that quote only time will tell
we've heard this kind of talk before we
know that North Korea
means something else by the concept of
denuclearization than we think we hear
with our Western ears and I haven't seen
even any realistic discussion of what
would be the first steps as president
Trump's gonna have to rein in his more
ambitious goals and yet still drive a
relatively hard line and not give away
too much for an interim or partial
agreement it's true that these talks
between the North and the South aren't
the first of their kind in the 1970s
then North Korean leader Kim il-sung
wrote a letter to US President Jimmy
Carter proposing a peace treaty with
South Korea and that never materialized
similar commitments and calls for action
on a peace treaty and denuclearization
came in 1992 1994 2005 and 2010 still
some argue that the tone of this meeting
was just different kim jeong-hoon
described the people of north and south
korea as linked by blood as a family and
compatriots who cannot live separately
we then examine the odigo europaea neo
crucially in Gondry song ji landlord
what the wall simply on your team so
will this inter-korean summit prove any
different
Trump has promised to meet with Kim
jong-un but the outcome of the summit
all comes down to concrete policy steps
and we'll keep our eyes on it in the
meantime be sure to check out our other
coverage of North and South Korea thanks
for watching now this world and don't
forget to Like and subscribe
