the 2016 US presidential race is inching
closer to the finish line with Democrat
Hillary Clinton and Republican Donald
Trump presumed to be the party's
nominees but in May 2016 poll suggested
that more than half of Americans are
dissatisfied with Clinton and Trump
leading many to look towards a third
option a third party so who are some of
the third party candidates well among
them is Tennessee based attorney Daryl
castle who represents the Constitution
Party similar to the Tea Party movement
the Constitution party is based on the
idea that the u.s. has moved away from
its core values laid out by the founding
fathers the party promotes limited
government low taxes broad individual
freedoms and laws that align with
Christian values in his first speech of
the 2016 nominee Castle said that he
would close the Federal Reserve and pull
the u.s. out of NATO and the UN but
those on the ideological Left may be
more apt to go for Green Party nominee
Jill Stein Stein is a Harvard Medical
School graduate and as a political focus
on public health and the environment
Stein has promised to address climate
change and create renewable energy jobs
through a so-called green New Deal a
play on FDR's New Deal initiative to
rebuild America after the Great
Depression the plan would cut military
spending by 50% and increased taxes on
stock market speculation and
multi-million dollar real estate
purchases when Stein sought out the
White House in 2012 she won nearly half
a million popular votes the most popular
third party nominee is former New Mexico
Governor Gary Johnson Johnson represents
the Libertarian Party which is the third
largest political party in the u.s. it
promotes itself as more culturally
liberal than Democrats and more fiscally
conservative than Republicans as such
libertarians have been known to favor
lower taxes gun rights same-sex marriage
rights and ending the war on drugs
Johnson has marketed himself as a leader
who would slash public spending and
balance the budget during his two terms
as governor Johnson reduced taxes 14
times and cut state spending by vetoing
nearly 750 bills earning him the
nickname veto Johnson Johnson ran for
president in 2012 and won over 1 million
votes more than any third party
candidate since 2000 and in fact more
than all the other third party can
it's combined in 2012 but that's only
about 1% of the popular vote and third
party candidates need at least 5% to
even make it on the ballot for the
following election and to gain access to
federal funding the last viable third
party candidate was in 1992 when Ross
Perot received nearly 20% of the popular
vote and yet even then he got 0
electoral votes nationwide clearly the
current election system favors two
parties and third party candidates are
often more about representing different
ideologies and movements than actually
about winning elections but their
presence is invaluable at keeping debate
and alternate ideas as part of the
political conversation one thing third
party candidates can do is pull votes
away from Republicans and Democrats in
fact a popular enough third party
candidate may be able to split or even
tie the vote so what actually happens if
presidential candidates tie so has this
ever led to a tie yep in 1800 at the
time there were fewer states fewer
people and an odd rule where the winner
of the election became president and the
second runner-up became vice president
that'd be a little awkward today thanks
for watching seeker daily don't forget
to Like and subscribe for new videos
every day
