what happens when a government gives
their citizens free money and if it's
coming from the government is it really
free hey guys I'm Alex this is now this
world and on this episode we're talking
about universal basic income what it is
and why it's becoming a popular subject
of debate following recent news that
Finland opted out of continuing its ubi
pilot program beyond 2018 economists are
questioning the sustainability of the
controversial model we're taking a look
at local and national governments around
the world that have given it a shot and
diving into the question could a
universal basic income work for the u.s.
first let's break it down though it
comes in different shapes and sizes
universal basic income is an economic
concept in which everyone gets an equal
amount of money from the government
every month no strings attached
so whether you're unemployed or working
low income or in the 1% the same check
will always come and nobody will tell
you how to spend it supporters say the
idea is that providing folks with the
security net won't encourage them to
stop working but actually give them the
freedom to pursue work they're really
interested in and restore Economic
Security some liberal proponents argue
that increasing taxes on corporations
and the wealthy to help support a
universal income could be a positive way
to help out low income communities while
some conservative supporters like the
idea that a successful you be I could
replace what they deem as costly and
ineffective social services like food
stamps job training Medicaid and more
the idea has gained steam in recent
years with 48% of Americans supporting a
universal basic income program as of
2017 a number which according to
economist Carl wider quest has
skyrocketed up from 12% just ten years
ago but it's not a new concept as far
back as 1516 philosopher Thomas More
proposed a similar idea in his book
utopia in a 1792 pamphlet founding
father Thomas Paine proposed a basic
income for quote every person richer
poor and 20th century leaders from
Milton Friedman to dr. Martin Luther
King jr. spoke out about the potential
for a basic income to help
different communities out of poverty and
under President Nixon a plan nearly
passed to establish a guaranteed minimum
income in the early 70s fast forward to
today and the concept is the subject of
books documentaries and countless
academic panels it's got big-name
backers from Elon Musk to Mark
Zuckerberg to senator Bernie Sanders who
said he's quote sympathetic to the
approach countries around the world have
piloted versions of the UVI experiment
including Kenya Canada Finland the
Netherlands and Spain with proposed
versions in places like India and
Scotland it's even been tested in a few
US cities but would it be a viable
option for the American economy
let's look at the pros and cons we asked
ubi expert and advocate Sandhya Anantara
man for her take on why some feel the
concept is gaining steam poverty is
exhausting and financial stress is
exhausting and it really limits the time
and space mentally that you have to work
on great ideas so the idea is that for
people who are struggling to make rent
payments buy groceries and support their
families the stress can be overwhelming
and thought-out tiring but having a
security net of say $1,000 per month
could clear up people's time that they
ordinarily spend stressing out about
where their next meal will come from and
spend more time job searching
volunteering or participating in the
economy some participants in Finland's
pilot program which will run through the
end of 2018
are already reporting that their stress
levels have decreased and while many
critics argue that free cash would
disincentivize work supporters say
there's some evidence to the contrary in
the 1960s we did a number of experiments
around the country in different states
to test the impact of unconditional cash
on work so essentially do people work
fewer hours or work for less money when
you give them unconditional support in a
paper done by the Roosevelt Institute
last year they reexamined these
experiments and saw that there was
essentially no reduction in work
so when you gave people on conditional
cash you didn't see a decrease the hours
worked
instead folks just took the opportunity
to enjoy the stability that they had
when we looked into the data and not
sure Amin references it did indicate
that some programs resulted in quote a
slight reduction in work and earnings
but also ultimately showed that the
experiments didn't result in the average
worker leaving the labor force of course
data from a few small experiments in the
60s isn't a perfect predictor of what
would happen in the US economy today but
another recent study by the Roosevelt
Institute showed that the economy could
stand to gain trillions of dollars if
you bi were to be successfully
implemented others argue that ubi is a
good solution to the growing fear that
automation will swallow jobs and lead to
mass unemployment study results vary
widely on how much of a threat
automation actually is to the work force
whatever the truth the risk certainly
feels real to some Americans two-thirds
of them think robots and computers will
do quote much of the work done by humans
within 50 years according to a 2016 Pew
study there have been other positive
results from similar pilot programs and
other parts of the world - including one
in Dauphin Canada so you saw kids
particularly young boys stay in school
longer thanks to the cash that their
family has had because that means they
didn't have to drop out and get jobs
they could stay in school you saw young
mothers take more time off so
particularly women that I've just given
birth took time off to spend with their
kids you also saw health outcomes go up
so incidences of hospitalizations went
down he's a mental health go up and in
western Kenya early results based on
interviews with participants of the 12
year pilot program showed reduced
conflict and poverty and advocates of
universal basic income in the u.s. argue
it could actually build bipartisan
support with a program that would both
reduce social welfare programs and tax
the wealthy of course critics of the
concept argued that there are many
reasons UVI wouldn't work in the US the
left-leaning Center on Budget and Policy
Priorities suggests that even
cautious approach to ubi would likely
increase poverty rather than decrease it
their report shows that a monthly $900
for each American would cost about three
trillion dollars annually even if we
just take into account the net cost of
ubi rather than the gross it's still a
huge cost and what Americans really go
for a major tax increase some critics of
the program also take issue with the
fact that unlike other social welfare
programs UB I wouldn't specifically help
low-income communities the same monthly
check would arrive at Bill Gates's
doorstep as the average American and
many argue creating something like UB I
would inevitably lead to the government
having to slash other social welfare
programs and finally another critique is
that UB I could disincentivize work
critics argue that people wouldn't feel
the need to work or keep a job if
they're receiving a free check most data
we examine from pilot programs both in
the States and abroad show that people
generally kept working in some instances
part-time work even increased but some
experts say that might only be the case
if the cash subsidy is enough for people
to live on one thing critics and
opponents agree on is that funding this
program will come with one heck of a
price tag as ubi grows in popularity it
also becomes a more controversial topic
of debate so let us know your thoughts
with something like this work where
you're from thanks for watching now this
world don't forget to Like and subscribe
