a major metropolitan city is running out
of water Cape Town South Africa is home
to four million people and those
residents get their water from six major
reservoirs in 2014 the biggest reservoir
which provides half of the city's water
looked like this and this is what it
looks like now the government has put
the city on a ticking time bomb awaiting
the day that those levels get too low
and engineers have to shut off the taps
they're calling it day zero hey guys I'm
Judah this is now this world and on this
episode we're going back in time to
figure out how Cape Town went from
experiencing one of its wettest years
and decades to the precipice of becoming
the first major city in the world to
have to turn off its taps let's jump
back to 2013 Cape Town saw almost 27
inches of rainfall making it the third
wettest year since the mid 70s dams were
actually overflowing and climatologist
predicted even wetter years to come but
things dried up pretty quickly in 2014
Cape Town saw seven inches less than the
year before
then seven and a half inches less than
that in 2015 by then they were down to
just 12 inches of rain in the whole year
in the city entered a full-on drought
and things kept getting worse in 2016
the city saw just under 9 inches of
rainfall and last year just six inches
to put that into context that's just 2
inches more than the average for parts
of the Sahara Desert a hydrologist at
the University of Cape Town who studies
water and climate change impact analyzed
the past five years of rainfall compared
to the rainfall records dating back
almost 100 years he found that the
likelihood that the two back-to-back
years is driest 2016 and 2017 would
occur once and 1150 years so as Cape
Town just that unlucky environmental
scientists agree that people can expect
more severe and more frequent droughts
to come in Cape Town and other global
cities
the three-year drought has been slowly
depleting the city's reservoirs the
largest dam that most residents rely on
went from being at full capacity down to
just 12 percent capacity but Cape Town
had more problems than just the weather
those years of severe drought revealed
deeper obstacles in the city's
infrastructure plans ones that
exacerbated the drought rather than
alleviate its effects the first thing
that's important to know about Cape
Town's water infrastructure is that the
national government is in charge of
maintaining and planning it a University
of Cape Town water expert told the New
York Times that the city focused too
heavily on expensive long-term projects
like desalination plants to help address
the water crisis rather than quicker
cheaper options like tapping into
groundwater resources a project that was
reportedly started but put on hold in
2011 and when in 2015 the western cape
provincial government applied to declare
the drought a national disaster a
necessary step in order to get funding
for local drought preparation the
national government rejected their
application a few months later the
national government accepted the
disaster application for a few
municipalities they were promised almost
3 million US dollars from federal water
and development departments meanwhile
Cape Town applied for a citywide
disaster status in early 2017 remember
this was the year that saw just 6 inches
of rainfall the National Department of
Water Affairs rejected the application
saying although the water situation is
concerning it is not yet at crisis level
one of the department's higher ups even
reportedly accused Cape Town of just
trying to secure funding for future
projects also according to South African
journalists William Saunders and Meyer
there could be political motivation
behind the mismanagement the western
cape including Cape Town are governed by
a party called the Democratic Alliance
but the national government is run by a
different party the African National
Congress which has been the dominant
ruling party and post apartheid South
Africa but this doesn't just come down
to political motives it also has to do
with widespread income inequality and
the residents who benefit from it Cape
Town's population grew 80 percent from
1995 to 2018
a booming tourist hub it's growing
populace has only contributed to South
Africa's extreme wealth disparity
according to the UN Human Development
Index South Africa has the highest
degree of income inequality in the world
so while many low-income communities in
and around Cape Town have already been
suffering for years of water shortages
unreliable access to clean water and
long communal distribution lines the
wealthy have been installing private
water tanks in their homes and have even
failed to cut back their usage to me the
city standards last year the city asks
locals to restrict their water uses to
23 gallons per day the target number
that 60% of residents didn't meet in
January the government decreased that
number to just 13 gallons per day and
it's unclear how many residents are
actually sticking to that the rich are
much more likely to overuse tap water
for things like pools and Gardens and
much more likely to be able to pay the
city's growing tariffs and fines for
doing so but about a million people live
in Cape Town's more than 400 informal
settlements those people make up a
quarter of the population but use just
under five percent of the city's water
and people in those communities are more
likely to have leaky unreliable and
difficult to access communal water taps
often 10 to 20 families share access to
porta-potties because of a lack of
plumbing some say this day zero water
crisis is just highlighting the fact
that under-resourced communities in Cape
Town have been experiencing water
shortages for years without much
government help or viral hashtags so if
you live in or are visiting Cape Town
what can you expect to happen on day
zero to be clear day zero isn't the day
that Cape Town runs out of water but it
is the day that most people in the city
will turn on their taps only to find out
that nothing comes out
no drinking bathing or even toilet water
according to the city's disaster plan
thirteen point five percent is the magic
number
when Cape Town's reservoirs get down to
holding just thirteen point five percent
of capacity the water that's left will
go to hospitals nursing homes and
communal taps where people will be
required to line up for daily
pre-approved amounts of six point six
gallons per person and it's unclear how
long that system will last but this
should serve as a wake-up call to local
and national governments around the
world Capetown isn't the first city to
suffer from severe water shortages more
than 800 cities across brazil entered a
state of emergency just last year after
millions were forced to ration water for
many of the same reasons that led Cape
Town to this point and it won't be the
last city either climate scientists are
warning the international community that
water crises are inevitable as the
effects of climate change and
urbanization built up so will local
governments look the Cape Town as a
cautionary lesson to prepare for the
future or will other cities soon face
their own Daisy Rose let me know what
you think below thanks for watching now
this world and please don't forget to
Like and subscribe
