President Trump has now served nearly
one full year in office inside the
United States it's been a consequential
seemingly non-stop breaking news year
White House advisors have come and gone
the FBI director was fired and the push
to repeal parts of the Affordable Care
Act continues Trump's approach to
foreign affairs has also made quite a
few headlines so we wanted to take a
look back at some of his most
controversial foreign policies hey guys
I'm versa I know many of you have very
strong opinions about what Trump's
presidency means for the US and even the
world so let's discuss some of what he's
done so far
Trump's approach to immigration
dominated his campaign no don't worry
about we're gonna build a wall don't
even think about and it's also dominated
the news cycle in his first year in
office he put a travel ban on refugees
from seven muslim-majority countries in
January 2017 opponents of the ban say
that it's anti-muslim prejudice but
Trump says the bamas quote not about
religion this is about terror and
keeping our country safe the ban against
citizens from Iraq Syria Iran Libya
Somalia Sudan and Yemen went to effect
immediately but it was then halted after
being challenged in court after
continued back and forth between Trump's
administration and the courts finally a
third version of the ban was allowed to
proceed by the US Supreme Court in
December but pending two federal appeals
now the updated list bans most citizens
of Iran Libya Syria Yemen Somalia Chad
and North Korea and some citizens of
Venezuela about two weeks after the
decision the US Ninth Circuit Court of
Appeals ruled that Trump had once again
exceeded his authority because it was in
violation of the Immigration and
Nationality Act it basically means the
court found that Trump did not
demonstrate that these banned
individuals would be quote detrimental
to the interests of the United States
but they put their decision on hold
pending review by the Supreme Court this
means that for now the third iteration
of Trump's travel ban will remain in
effect world leaders from Iran have
called the ban insulting misguided
and it is regrettable that the Supreme
Court decided to overrule the decisions
of the previous court or at least
consider overruling them the citizens of
the countries under this have never
participated in any act of terrorism
against the United States and yet they
are punished even u.s. allies like the
United Kingdom France and Germany have
condemned this move but Australia which
has taken its own hardline stance on
immigration as one of the few countries
who have openly supported it the Trump
administration has also made waves and
u.s. immigration policy by recently
announcing that they will revoke the
temporary protected status granted to
people from Nicaragua Haiti and El
Salvador this affects approximately
2,500 Nicaraguans 59 thousand Haitians
and possibly 200,000 Salvadorans some
immigrants from these countries were
allowed to stay in the u.s. due to a
program called temporary protected
status it was signed into law in 1990 by
Republican President George Bush this
program allowed foreigners fleeing
deplorable conditions like Wars and
natural disasters to stay in the u.s.
though Trump is seemingly fulfilling his
campaign promise to reduce both legal
and illegal immigration there is
pushback from both Democrats and
Republicans asking for him to reconsider
ending these humanitarian programs these
kinds of policies and the global
reaction to them has led America to be
increasingly isolated from other
countries Trump's decision to withdraw
the u.s. from the Paris climate Accords
is the most well known example of this
the United States will withdraw from the
Paris climate Accord the Paris climate
Accords are a joint agreement among
almost all the countries in the world to
meet certain goals to combat climate
change the agreement was reached in 2015
under the Obama administration after
Trump made his announcement Nicaragua
signed the Accords and Syria announced
its attention to join as well that makes
the United States the only country in
the world that refuses to honor it
another example is Trump stance on
Pakistan and his first tweet of 2018
Trump said the United States has
foolishly given Pakistan more than 33
billion
dollars and aid over the last 15 years
and they have given us nothing but lies
and deceit thinking of our leaders as
fools
they give safe haven to the terrorists
we hunt in Afghanistan with little help
no more that tweet set off a firestorm
with Pakistan's top government officials
calling it quote completely
incomprehensible and saying struck with
great and sensitivity at the trust
between the two nations now it's true
that Pakistan has a real terrorism
problem that sprawls across and affects
many countries but it's still up for
debate whether cutting aid to the
country is the right move to fight it
what's also interesting is that other
countries watching these exchanges are
stepping in where Trump is stepping out
in the case of Pakistan in this tweet
it's China China re express their
support for Pakistan after the incident
saying the responsibility of combating
terror outfits cannot be placed on any
particular country this is something
we've heard echoed from other foreign
policy observers and experts over the
past year where US leadership is
creating a vacuum and global affairs
China and Russia are stepping in to fill
the void analysts have said American
allies in Asia are unnerved by Trump's
threats against North Korea and China
has seen this as a chance to capitalize
on the fear and confusion and emerge as
a sober-minded power in the region when
the u.s. imposed sanctions on Venezuela
in 2017 Russia stepped in and offered
them money some of this is geopolitics
as usual of course countries who seek to
gain more power will take advantage of
certain situations but Trump's foreign
policy strategy is what dictates just
how much influence the US has around the
world it's worth mentioning that he has
not started any new Wars as president
though he has certainly stepped up the
rhetoric with countries like North Korea
and Iran the u.s. is still dropping
bombs in the Middle East trade
partnerships in Asia are being formed
without the involvement of the US an
allies in the European Union are
wondering just what direction they
should take as his foreign policy
continues to take shape and a second
IRA's president will continue to monitor
the effects of trump's america-first
policy
Donald Trump's relationship with
Vladimir Putin is one of the most
talked-about items in world affairs and
Putin is certainly one of the world
leaders to watch in 2018 check out this
video to the right that details what's
coming up in Russia this year and who
else you should be paying attention to
thanks for watching now this world and
don't forget to Like and subscribe
