want anima Bay in Cuba is well-known for
housing some of the world's most
dangerous terrorists but as President
Barack Obama continues with his promise
to close the facility prisoners will
have to go elsewhere some will be
transferred to other prisons and others
will be repatriated to their home
countries but a select few will be sent
to terrorist rehabilitation so how does
terrorist rehab work and how successful
is it well although it might sound
unorthodox terrorist rehab is not
treated all that differently from drug
rehab during the 1990s the modern
concept of D radicalizing terrorists
arose in Egypt following violence by the
Muslim Brotherhood and al-qaeda by
having religious political and military
leaders work with arrested terrorists
the multi-faceted intervention proved
relatively successful at weakening
terror networks in the country since
then the idea has spread to other
countries like Kuwait Yemen and even
Denmark and Nigeria but today the
forefront of this terror rehab industry
is in Saudi Arabia which somewhat
ironically is also the heart of
Wahhabism a religious ideology many
radical Islamists use to justify their
beliefs the core of the rehabilitation
program is to use Islamic teachings by
religious scholars as a foundation to
show terrorists that Islam does not
condone their actions one such teaching
is that followers of Islam must have
three conditions fulfilled before waging
jihad or war they must be operating
under single leadership have permission
from their leader to attack but also
have permission from their parents
religious extremism and conservative
interpretation of Scripture is for many
a driving force behind terrorism this.d
radicalization is coupled with
counseling sessions art therapy sports
swimming and other luxuries and
opportunities for education additionally
there is a huge incentive for those who
complete the program and appear to have
changed their views in a process
somewhat similar to parole once
prisoners can demonstrate they've been
rehabilitated the Saudi government
offers them significant support in the
form of jobs places to live and in some
cases former terrorists get a large cash
stipend but does it all actually work
well it depends on who you ask for much
of the program's existence Saudi Arabian
officials claimed that every single
person who'd undergone rehab had come
the other end reformed but unfortunately
for their claims a number of terrorist
prisoners had been repatriated to Saudi
Arabia and underwent rehab ended up
committing more acts of terrorism one
particularly infamous group of
recidivists was known as batch 10
referring to the tenth group of Saudi
nationals who'd been repatriated from
Guantanamo Bay five of them underwent
rehabilitation and almost immediately
escaped custody and fled to Yemen to
become foreign fighters again two ended
up releasing a terror video ostensibly
mocking both their detention at
Guantanamo Bay and their time in Saudi
rehabilitation another escapee Saeed Al
Sheree
even ended up as the deputy leader of al
Qaeda in Yemen the Saudi government has
since more realistically reported a
failure rate of just 12% in 2014 and
have acknowledged that a 100% success
rate is unrealistic at least 3,000
people have gone through terrorists
rehab in Saudi Arabia and realistic
recidivism rates are difficult to
determine but the idea of helping
terrorists leave their beliefs behind
rather than directly punishing or
killing them does seem to have some
merit but terrorists rehab is just one
venue for former terrorists you can find
out where prisoners go after being
incarcerated at Guantanamo Bay by
watching this video 7 detainees were
repatriated to Russia where Human Rights
Watch alleges that they were tortured
beaten harassed and given unfair trials
others have gone to countries like
Canada Sweden El Salvador and two
detainees were sent to the United States
to stand trial in US Court thanks for
checking out seeker daily don't forget
to Like and subscribe for new videos
every day
