the Japanese government has agreed to
pay 1 billion yen equal to about 8.3
million u.s. dollars into a funds to
support former South Korean comfort
women these women were taken from their
homes and used as sex slaves by the
Japanese military during World War two
this seems like a huge step to mend mard
relations between the two Asian Nations
but not everyone is supportive of the
deal
tell Hawaii Devon you don't it'll see
dolphine someday and taking the hit
little she's darling boy days off you
still want a telephone an orchard it'll
give some longtime video not put down
the connection the reason many are upset
and that includes surviving victims is
that they feel the deal was little more
than diplomatic cover for Japan Japan
also wants South Korea to take down a
statue memorializing comfort women that
was erected outside of the Japanese
Embassy in Seoul many see this as
another way that Japan is trying to bury
its past and if it sounds like Japan is
strategic with the way they conduct
their public apologies it's because
they've had a lot of experience doing it
this includes apologies to Australian
prisoners of war American prisoners of
war Canadian prisoners of war the people
of Burma the Philippines Indonesia China
and blanket apologies to all people who
were affected by their brutality during
World War two but for many this is still
not enough partly because their track
record of denial is just as long as
their track record of apology they have
on occasion denied certain massacres
calling them fabrications and as
recently as 2014 they've denied that
comfort women were forcibly abducted by
members of the Japanese military but
Japan will have more chances to
apologize and next up might be Taiwan on
the heels of Japan's apology to South
Korea's comfort women Taiwan is
demanding an apology to the women who
are abducted from their country during
World War two it's been more than 70
years since Japan surrendered to end
world war two but they might not ever be
able to put their war crimes fully
behind them and many people think they
never should
