it's fair to say that the relationship
between the United States and Russia is
tense at best throughout their history
the two countries have been both allies
and enemies during the Cold War the US
and the Soviet Union were locked in an
intense battle but very nearly
culminated in nuclear war thankfully it
didn't and in 1991 the Soviet Union
collapsed ending the Cold War it's been
more than two decades since the Soviet
era ended Russian and people have moved
on well except for towns like this
d'origine its former name was
Penza nineteen is one of the forty-four
last remaining close cities left in
Russia under communism it was not even
shown on the map and freedom of movement
was heavily restricted that's same year
you're kava a Russian photographer who
visited derecha knee a closed city
southeast of Moscow now you're probably
wondering what the closed city is
throughout the Cold War the Soviet Union
created 44 cities that were kept secret
from the world these cities were
dedicated to making weaponry
specifically nuclear bombs the USSR was
trying to play catch-up because in 1945
this happened the bomb was exploded
above the city and in the towering
mushroom Japan could read its do the
American detonations in Hiroshima and
Nagasaki kick-started an arms race
between the u.s. and Soviets that would
last for decades but the USSR didn't
want anyone knowing where they were
building their bombs
so they created cities that were at the
time impossible to find secret cities
like Direction II existed to make
weapons without interruption or
interference but now long after the Cold
War has ended many of these cities
remain isolated not just from the rest
of the world but from the rest of the
country to the cities sixty-two thousand
inhabitants leaf encircled by hands of
barbed wire they easily can leave the
city but the guests are allowed to visit
only after they obtain the invitation
from below
and only if it is approved by the
authorities the city is beginning to
open up but there are still parts of it
that are completely blocked off from
outsiders like Fania today's rht is to
who of out-of-bounds areas most notably
ross autumn a state-owned corporation to
manufacture parts for nuclear weapons
most of inhabitants work on the main
plant and on top others connected to an
industry although work here doesn't pay
very well the work is steady food is
cheap and although there's not much else
to do the local government does provide
some social programs to keep the
community happy some commentators have
even described the wretch me as a kind
of socialist Wonderland a relic of the
Soviet era even so in recent years some
youth in the city have expressed their
desire to leave or at the very least to
have more freedom when kseniya visited
the city it was clear that residents
were still subject to the local
government people seemed to be not too
free in their decisions
it was rather visible during the
official part due to anniversary
celebration when the most her workers
were forced to take part in a lot of
ways living insurrectionary really is
like living in a time capsule of Soviet
life the people here face restrictions
on their movements on their work and
even on how they socialize but maybe
residing in this bubble away from the
problems of the wider world does mean
that life is somewhat easier if the
little doll the main Russian political
agenda transmitted by mass media is
absolutely imperceptible here there is
no attention to the problems of
immigrants external state policy
minorities gay pride and so forth
the daily routine doesn't assume any
fluctuations life is safe measured and
tranquil even sleepy the inheritance of
the previous Soviet era
you
