Albert Einstein was born in Germany to
Jewish parents in 1879 and raised in a
non-religious household but even though
he didn't identify as Jewish in a
religious sense he did identify his
Jewish as his nationality this identity
his immense popularity and his outspoken
support on Jewish issues would
eventually make him a target of the Nazi
Party in 1905 Einstein rose to fame and
what some call his miracle year
publishing numerous physics papers
including one that featured the now
famous e equals mc-squared
that revolutionized the way we think
about our universe in 1915 he published
his theory of relativity and in 1921 he
won the Nobel Prize
but his Einsteins popularity was growing
in the field of physics anti-semitism
was spreading around it and soon he
became a target of the Nazi Party his
theories were denounced publicly by
local anti-semitic scientists his work
cast aside and labeled Jewish physics
and a Nazi backed pamphlet was published
entitled 100 authors against Einstein
his books were burned a bounty was put
on his head and his face appeared on the
cover of a magazine with the headline
not yet hanged he had no choice but to
flee Germany accepting a job at
Princeton University in the United
States Albert Einstein was now a refugee
while in the United States
Einstein may be most famous for his role
in the creation of nuclear weapons and
his eventual vocal opposition to them
but he also fought for European refugees
using his position to lobby Eleanor
Roosevelt to reach out to her husband
about a 1939 child refugee bill that
would have allowed 20,000 Jewish
children under the age of 14 into the
country the bill ultimately died in
committee
due to outspoken anti-immigrant
sentiments Einstein's stay in the United
States as a citizen until his death but
he never forgot the privilege of being
able to successfully escape the horrors
of Nazi Germany
you
