by many accounts the country of Norway
is utopian it ranks among the best in
terms of quality of life and happiness
its economy is robust and growing and
when compared to the United States or
Western European countries Norway's
crime rates are incredibly low
criminologists who study Norway suggest
this may have to do with its progressive
stance on justice and rehabilitation so
what exactly is life like for Norwegian
criminals and what can other countries
learn well any criminal justice system
begins with law enforcement police in
Norway are community based and trained
to de-escalate situations with as few
officers as possible
they don't even carry guns Norwegian
police did armed themselves in response
to terror threats in 2014 but after 14
months the force gave up their weapons
after arrests a criminal in Norway would
be tried in court firstly the maximum
sentence allowed in Norway is 21 years
even for crimes like murder the death
penalty for regular crimes was outlawed
over a century ago and further abolished
in 1979 for crimes like treason or mass
murder even terrorist Anders Breivik who
killed 77 people in 2011 in the
country's worst ever terror attack was
not eligible for the death penalty and
sentenced to 21 years judges however can
renew a prisoner's detention for five
years at a time at the end of their
sentence leading to potential lifelong
incarceration and although most courts
around the world presume innocent until
proven guilty in Norway this idea takes
a high priority when brave ik entered
the courtroom the prosecutor shook his
hand to establish neutrality this move
was met with criticism by international
observers Breivik was sent to a
maximum-security prison but all prisons
in Norway are considered a step above
the rest the country's prison system has
been described as the nicest in the
world in particular many are focused on
busto prison a minimum security facility
where the goal is rehabilitation /
punishment there are reportedly no bars
on the windows kitchens are fully
stocked including sharp knives guards
and inmates have even developed
friendships in Norway losing one's
freedom is considered enough of a
punishment instead of looking for
retribution the country addresses crime
as a social problem and looks to repair
the harm caused by crime
rather than punish those responsible a
concept known as restorative justice
this is a far cry from the United States
which sees the horrors of incarceration
as part of the price for committing a
crime and after completing a sentence
Norway takes great care to look after
its citizens the justice system works
with other agencies to make sure former
criminals are able to find a place to
live a job and have access to a support
system and these post prison inmates are
still able to use the social safety net
in place which includes healthcare
education and even a mandated pension
although some around the world
particularly in the United States have
criticized this system for being too
soft on crime the numbers speak for
themselves roughly 80% of those released
from prison in Norway are not
reincarnated and go on to live crime
free lives in the United States nearly
the same percentage 76.6%
re-incarcerated within five years of
their release although the reasons are
complex and interrelated it may be safe
to say that Norway's progressive and
humane system of rehabilitation from
arrest to release may just work in other
countries like the US but it would take
a major overhaul of the criminal justice
system and a major shift in perspective
over on seeker stories there is a new
episode about an ethnic nomadic group
that calls the road home watch this
video to learn more about their unique
lifestyle thanks for watching seeker
daily make sure to LIKE and subscribe
for new videos
