if you live in Bavaria you get 13 public
holidays per year however if you live in
Berlin or any German city outside of
avaria you only get nine
that's because Bavaria recognizes
Catholic traditions whereas Germany as a
whole is more Protestant this is far
from the only difference between the two
from food to architecture to dialect
life in Germany's largest and
southernmost state is distinctly unique
from the country as a whole not unlike
the cultural divide between the northern
and southern United States in fact
similar to Texas Bavaria has a
reputation for isolationism and
conservativism one that's divided the
German population for more than a
century this is in part because the
history of Bavaria is completely
distinct from that of Germany Bavaria is
one of the oldest States in Europe
dating back to the 6th century the
territory was incorporated into the Holy
Roman Empire in the 10th century and for
hundreds of years was one of the
wealthiest and most influential
territories after the Empire fell in the
early 19th century Bavaria was a kingdom
under a constitutional monarchy the
region had six kings over the course of
more than a hundred years giving way to
many castles and the architecture it's
famous for today in 1871 Bavaria was
incorporated into a newly unified
Germany but Bavarians felt more
culturally akin to Catholics in
neighboring Austria
and after the territory became a
republic in the aftermath of World War
one
Bavarian nationalists made numerous
efforts to secede there was a
short-lived push for a Soviet republic
of Bavaria and another to restore the
independent monarchy both of which
ultimately failed calls for secession
renewed after world war ii culminating
in the pro-independence bavaria party
during the 1940s and early 50s the party
saw some success at the polls and
secured a considerable presence in
parliament however they quickly lost
steep and today is practically
non-existent in German politics but amid
the success of brexit and the rise of
other secession movements calls for
Bavarian independence have made a
resurgence the movement is called exit a
play on the German word for Bavaria
Bayern proponents argue that Bavarians
are forced to bear the economic weight
of poor states in Germany as well as
poorer countries in the European Union
Bavaria's economy accounts for nearly 20
percent of Germany's GDP and is larger
than most countries in the EU the
migrant crisis has also played a role as
thousands of asylum seekers passed
through Bavaria on their way to
other parts of Europe many Bavarians
have criticized German Chancellor Angela
Merkel saying she has fallen short on
controlling German borders Merkel's
Christian Democratic Union Party has
long been opposed of a variance
accession but an independent Bavaria is
close to impossible a 2016 bid for a
referendum recently failed as Germany's
Constitution does not allow states to
secede still the budget movement
represents a cultural divide that's
existed for decades northern Germany is
stereotypically intellectual
industrialized and liberal whereas
Bavaria to the south is often regarded
as more traditional warm and
conservative much of what we think of as
German like later hosen beer gardens and
Oktoberfest are actually Bavarian
there's even an unofficial border that
divides the two regions whose name
literally translates to white sausage
equator this is a reference to Bavaria
zweite VL vice-versa sausages referendum
or not there's no doubt Bavarians have
their own history and cultural
traditions and many residents will
continue to identify as Bavarian first
German second similar feelings of
isolationism nationalism and economic
resentment can be found in Catalonia in
fact the wealthy region of northern
Spain has their own secession movement
find out more about Catalan independence
check out this video
Catalonia makes up about 12 and a half
thousand square miles comprising roughly
6% of Spain their population is about
seven and a half million with one in six
Spanish residents living in Catalonia
thanks for watching seeker daily don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos every day
