in the early 2000s protests swept across
latin america leading to the rise of
progressive leaders and left-leaning
political parties the trend started with
the election of venezuelan President
Hugo Chavez in 1999 then spread to
Brazil Argentina Uruguay Chile Peru
Bolivia Ecuador and Paraguay this
so-called pink tide of left-wing
politics dominated Latin America for
more than a decade however over the
course of 2015 and 2016 conservative
movements took hold in much of the
region signaling that the tide has
officially turned this is perhaps best
exemplified in Argentina in 2003
Argentinians elected populist leftist
president Nestor Kirchner fostering an
era of social progressivism economic
nationalism known as Kirchner isla
Kirchner brought Argentina out of an
economic slump by increasing exports of
agricultural products and expanding
social welfare programs he however kept
a tight grip on control by drumming up
nationalist sentiments and consolidating
power in the executive branch and as a
result was often accused of
authoritarianism in 2007 Kirchner's wife
Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner took over
the presidency and largely continued her
husband's policies and ruling style
Fernandez nationalized Argentina's
largest airline and its private pension
funds and established controversial
currency controls that limited the
ability to buy or sell foreign money as
a result the country defaulted on its
debt and inflation soared all while
Fernandez herself was implicated in
numerous corruption scandals still she
finished out her presidency with stable
approval ratings and during the 2015
election many assumed that the Kirchner
Izumo ideology would carry on into the
next leader specifically opinion polls
pointed to Daniel Scioli who was a
member of Fernandez's party and served
as a vice president under her husband
but in a huge upset Scioli lost to
right-wing pro-business candidate
Mauricio Macri who ran on the slogan
let's change this was the first time in
Argentine history that a right-wing
candidate had been elected head of state
rather than installed after a coup
d'etat this rightward shift continued in
2016 with the election of an investment
banker as president of Peru and the
impeachment of Brazil's leftist leader
jilma Rousseff
meanwhile voters in Colombia rejected a
peace deal with the Marxist rebel group
FARC ignoring the advice of their own
conservative president and leaders from
around the region
political analysts also point to the
dwindling popularity of Venezuelan
president Nicolas Maduro following the
total collapse of the Venezuelan economy
at the hands of his predecessor and
mentor Hugo Chavez some experts blame
the conservative trend on a global slump
in commodity prices which has stifled
many Latin American economies and
accordingly support for their leaders
others point to the growing popularity
of evangelical churches which generally
oppose socially leftist policies but
whatever the reason may be for growing
social disillusionment conservative
parties and politicians will likely
continue to be the beneficiaries the
growing popularity of right-wing
politics is not unique to Latin America
in recent years conservative groups have
gained unprecedented support in France
Germany the Netherlands and other
European countries to find out more
about the rise of the right-wing in
Europe check out this video the last
five years have seen the far-right
anti-immigration group ironically called
the Sweden Democrats jump from about 3%
of the vote in 2006 to more than 25%
approval in national polling in 2015
thanks for watching seeker daily don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos every day
you
