in late 2016 former governor Sarah Palin
accused president-elect Donald Trump of
taking part in crony capitalism this was
following a deal Trump made with an
air-conditioning company to keep a
number of jobs in the United States many
believe Trump used his new powers to
sway the deal which involved seven
million dollars in incentives to the
company this outwardly has the potential
to straight into favoritism the basis of
crony capitalism so what exactly is
crony capitalism well the term is
generally defined as businesses which
benefit from favoritism by government
officials there are varying forms of the
practice and can be most easily
understood in terms of economic rent
this term refers to the difference in
what an industry or business would
normally be able to earn in a free
market and what they are able to earn as
a result of government influence and
easy to understand example is the system
of taxis versus car sharing services
like lyft or uber in certain areas car
sharing is cheaper because effectively
anybody can drive whereas to drive a
taxi you need an expensive license
called a medallion which are limited in
number the medallion system is an
artificial method of increasing the
economic rent or price of the service so
that drivers don't have to compete and
the barrier to entry is very high car
sharing represents the free market while
taxi medallions exist as a form of crony
capitalism in many countries certain
industries are considered to be
economically rent heavy including
casinos oil and gas real-estate
telecommunications and others these
industries can get tax breaks for
special legal treatment as a result of
lobbying unionizing and sometimes even
outright corruption in 2016 The
Economist released a list of the
countries suffering from crony
capitalism the most by calculating the
wealth of billionaires within those
industries as compared to the overall
GDP the disproportion of economic rent
becomes clear topping the list is Russia
which sees roughly 18 percent of the
country's GDP in the hands of
billionaires in crony industries this
figure is considerably higher than any
other country on the list and stems from
the unique combination of Russia being a
major world power with a history of
government favoritism following the fall
of the Soviet Union most high capital
industries were overtaken by oligarchs
who became extremely wealthy off of
former state resources while shutting
out any potential free market
competition in fact of Russia's 77
billionaire
one of the richest made his fortune by
selling shares of government industries
for private loans through a government
sanctioned program however it's not all
bad news
according to the Economist the share of
crony billionaire Industries has fallen
by as much as 16 percent in the past two
years due in part to a global crack down
on the worst forms of crony capitalism
such as corruption and while this share
of so-called crony wealth is consistent
among wealthy countries developing
countries have managed to diversify
their wealth away from those industries
since 2008 the share of wealth has
fallen from 7 percent to just 4 percent
an incredible leap considering how much
easier it is to call government favor in
less developed regions The Economist
ranks Donald Trump at number 104 in
individual cronyism due to his business
dealings in real estate and casinos
however the United States itself only
ranks as number 16th worldwide Trump
favoring certain industries over others
has already begun to happen just how far
it will go
remains to be seen but while Trump may
use his presidency to enrich the
businesses he prefers many worry he may
use it to enrich himself and his family
in fact this practice is known in other
parts of the world as kleptocracy so
what exactly does that mean and who have
been the most notorious kleptocrats in
the world find out in this video
not only to Duvalier siphon as much as
800 million dollars according to
Transparency International he spent
state funds on many personal expenses in
one case he allegedly spent millions on
a wedding for himself thanks for
watching seeker daily don't forget to
Like and subscribe for more videos every
day
