the Syrian civil war has been one of the
deadliest conflicts in recent history
and Russia's role in supporting the
Syrian government has been unprecedented
this conflict marks the first time since
the end of the Cold War that Russia has
stepped outside of the former borders of
the Soviet Union militarily over the
past year Russia has refused to cease
airstrikes in Syria despite the deadly
toll on civilians particularly in the
city of Aleppo shortly after a new
ceasefire resumed in Syria a gunman shot
and killed a Russian ambassador he then
shouted don't forget about Aleppo
don't forget about Syria so why is
Russia so involved in the Syrian civil
war the war in Syria originated with the
Arab Spring in 2011 protesters in the
country came out against President
Bashar al-assad for the detention of
political prisoners among other
grievances in response police forces
attacked the protesters sparking
widespread unrest and an eventual
insurgency made up of anti-government
rebel forces Russia and Syria have long
been allies due in part to Russia being
a major weapons supplier and the
establishment of a strategic Russian
military base in Syria Russia's
interests are largely predicated on
increased power in the Middle East as
well as opposition to Western states
particularly the u.s. since the start of
the conflict the government of Russia
has openly supported Syrian President
Bashar al-assad originally in the form
of political backing in the UN multiple
Western countries including the United
States which opposes the Assad regime
repeatedly attempted to enact sanctions
against the country for the violent
crackdown however Russia and China both
permanent members of the UN Security
Council vetoed these attempts shortly
after the conflict escalated the United
States began arming Syrian rebels
against Assad eventually leading to
Western Arab backed airstrikes the Arab
League decided to support the rebels
militarily particularly Qatar which gave
roughly three billion dollars to groups
opposing the Assad regime
problematically a large portion of this
cash went to an al Qaeda affiliate
called al-nusra which became one of the
strongest forces against Assad but also
worked to create an Islamic state of its
own following Sharia law the terror
groups grew in power and captured more
territory in Syria and then in late 2015
the Russian parliament approved Syrian
airstrikes
this was ostensibly to fight the growing
threat of Isis but also against
al-nusrah thus implicitly supporting
Assad
additionally Russian soldiers have been
reportedly spotted in the country
fighting alongside government forces
Russia's bombing campaign especially in
Aleppo has been successful in fending
off rebel fighters but has also
allegedly led to war crimes including
the deaths of thousands of civilians
children included some reports by
un-backed NGOs even state that more
civilians have been killed by Russian
airstrikes than Isis members although
Russia's efforts have led to a ceasefire
thanks to negotiations with Turkey and
Iran more than 30,000 people have
already died in Aleppo alone but even as
civilians evacuate the city which was
the intended purpose of the ceasefire
the war is still ongoing
and Russia is still very much a part of
the conflict seeking to expand its
influence in the Middle East Russia and
Syria have been political and economic
partners for decades but what is the
basis for this relationship and how do
these two unlikely allies function today
find out in this video between 1955 and
1960 the Soviets gave Syria more than
200 million dollars in military aid in
exchange for greater Soviet influence
and increased foreign trade thanks for
watching seeker daily don't forget to
Like and subscribe for new videos from
us every day
