in the last two decades an opioid
epidemic has swept through the United
States killing nearly 30,000 people each
year from overdose that's more than
twice the number of deaths from hiv/aids
and almost the same number of car
accident fatalities this heroin and
prescription opioid crisis is the worst
the US has ever seen even leading
President Barack Obama to include 1
billion dollars in the 2017 budget
devoted to fighting the epidemic so how
did the US as opioid drug problem gets
so bad well according to the 2012
national survey on drug use and health
an estimated 2.1 million people in the
US have substance abuse problems with
prescription opiates specifically pain
relievers such as hydrocodone also
called vicodin and oxycodone or percocet
in fact the United States is far and
away the largest consumer of these
opioids and in 2007 accounted for more
than 99 percent and eighty-one percent
respectively of these two drugs alone
roughly another half million Americans
are thought to be addicted to heroin
which is also an opiate but this didn't
used to be the case in 1991 the majority
of drug-related emergency room visits
were for cocaine and doctors only wrote
about 76 million prescriptions for
opiates 25 years later that number has
nearly tripled to more than 200 million
with opioid deaths jumping by roughly
369 percent from the late 1990s many
outright blamed the epidemic on the over
prescription of opioid painkillers by
doctors due to their increased social
acceptability as a common treatment this
was fueled by aggressive campaigns by
pharmaceutical companies pushing
patients to ask for and doctors to
prescribe these highly addictive drugs
in 1996 oxycontin was released in the
United States and within a few years the
drugs manufacturer began advertising it
in medical journals less than a decade
later the company was found guilty in
court for these advertisements and
forced to pay more than 600 million
dollars on the basis that it seriously
downplayed the addictiveness of the drug
the huge uptick in prescriptions and
thereby the jump in addiction also paved
the way for a heroin epidemic heroin
like oxycontin and vicodin is a powerful
opiate and on average is relatively
inexpensive some sources suggest that on
the street prescription opioids may cost
close to $1 per milligram making
individual pills as expensive as a
hundred and sixty dollars each while the
same amount of heroin in some
places can cost little more than a
dollar from any addict or unable to
receive prescriptions for opiates heroin
but on the street is not only cheaper
but easier to access in recent years
doctors have been advised by the Center
for Disease Control not to treat opiates
as pain relievers for chronic pain due
to the high risk of addiction when used
repeatedly although efforts are being
made to curb the crisis there's still a
long road ahead before the u.s. can beat
its opioid addiction so how did this
addictive drug even make it on the
market especially if there were already
signs that it could be abused what
exactly is the process and criteria
behind approving new drugs and who's in
charge of making sure the consumer is
safe you can find out by watching this
video in the past decade about 80% of
drug ingredients and 40% of prescription
drugs sold in the US were foreign made
in order to handle increased
globalization in 2011 the FDA Food
Safety Modernization Act was established
thanks for watching seeker daily don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos every day
