as president-elect Donald Trump
transitions into the White House critics
are already fearful that the businessman
turned politician may use his newfound
power to make himself and his family
even richer than they already are some
worry that having Trump's children run
his business could ultimately lead to
them making deals with foreign
governments allegedly independent of the
president but using his influence
nonetheless this sort of scenario has
been likened to a kleptocracy so what
does this mean and who are some of the
world's worst kleptocrats well in short
a kleptocracy is a pejorative term used
to describe a system of government where
the leader or kleptocrat uses the state
to enrich their own life this is done at
the expense of the country's population
which in most cases is often in poverty
or near it the term kleptocrat is greek
for thieves and the word kleptocracy
means ruled by thieves a large number of
world leaders can be pointed to as
kleptocrats and in 2004 transparency
international released a global
corruption report detailing which world
leaders had siphoned the most money from
their country although all the leaders
have since been removed from office or
have left of their own accord the amount
of stolen money is noteworthy at the top
of the list is Indonesia's former
President Suharto over his more than
three decades he's alleged to have
stolen as much as thirty five billion
dollars or roughly four percent of the
entire country's GDP it is alleged that
the president's family held a virtual
monopoly over any construction or
development being done in the country
international companies would compete
for excessively priced contracts which
would ultimately be paid by the
government but the actual people doing
the work would be connected to some
member of the Suharto family thereby
making sure that any construction would
result in more money for the family this
form of corruption was so standardized
that it was reportedly easier for a
project to get built if it was connected
to Suharto because even though it would
often be more expensive it would also be
prioritized another notable kleptocrat
was jean-claude Duvalier the former
President of Haiti from 1971 until he
was overthrown in 1986 and forced into
exile
not only to Duvalier syphon as much as
eight hundred million dollars according
to Transparency International
he spent state funds on many personal
expenses in one case he allegedly spent
millions on a wedding for himself
worse yet Duvalier's family was
implicated in trafficking narcotics
through the government and even
allegedly selling organs and limbs
on the black market just to pad the
family's bank account at the time Haiti
was one of the most poverty-stricken
countries in the world and John Claude's
rain only left the country worse off
often included among kleptocrats is
current Russian President Vladimir Putin
one former fund manager in Russia has
alleged that Putin's real personal
wealth is close to 200 billion dollars
built on the back of corruption in
government for example one official
recounted running a program collecting
money from wealthy donors to be spent on
health care instead the money was
diverted to build a 1 billion dollar
private palace for Putin other more
direct deals have included reports of
Putin secretly allowing an oil company
to be the sole provider of oil to a
major airport in exchange for a 4
percent stake in the company itself
although not substantiated rumors of
corruption and money frequently changing
hands would be nothing new for the Putin
regime nor for Russia in general
kleptocracy czar common in developing
parts of the world where there's little
accountability in government and leaders
often wield absolute power although the
United States does not fit this
description many are still concerned
about a potential kleptocracy under
president-elect Donald Trump if you're
like me and love history science and
exploration you should check out
discovery go where you can binge watch
all seasons current and past of your
favorite Discovery Channel shows check
out the link in the description below to
learn more
shrimps businesses have been the focus
of potential corruption in his
administration
so how would Trump navigate the legal
gray area of running his business and
being the president is he even allowed
to do that find out in this video the
Ethics in Government Act of 1978 does
not require that the president sell or
change how they handle their private
businesses in fact only unelected
officials who serve in the executive
branch are prohibited from a business
based conflict of interest thanks for
watching seeker daily don't forget to
Like and subscribe for more videos every
day
