California has long been a democratic
stronghold and with the election of
Donald Trump many activists have called
for the states secession or a so-called
collects it
so could California actually form its
own country well in California calls to
leave the union are nothing new there
have been more than 200 secession
proposals since the state's formation in
1850 many have called for the state to
break into different sections before
leaving the Union for instance creating
two separate Northern and Southern
California's or an autonomous coastal
California in 2013 a Silicon Valley
venture capitalist spearheaded a
proposal to split California into six
new states however the measure died
before making it to the 2016 ballot as
only 2/3 of its signatures turned out to
be valid today the most significant
secession movement is yes California it
argues that the state has become so
economically strong and ideologically
distinct from the rest of the US than it
ought to be its own country and in fact
according to 2015 IMF figures in
independent California would be the
sixth largest economy in the world just
ahead of France according to the
campaign's unofficial manifesto
California suffers from the federal
government's trade policies and pays
more in federal tax than it receives in
funding all while the state itself is in
debt the solution as outlined in the
manifesto is a peaceful secession from
the United States by way of a 20-19
referendum which will then lead to a
constitutional exit from the Union but
how probable is California's exit plan
well there's no part of the US
Constitution that deals explicitly with
state secession this ambiguity has led
to a number of unsuccessful attempts by
other states one of which made it all
the way to the Supreme Court in the 1869
case Texas v white the court ruled that
all states are perpetually contracted to
the US and cannot secede except through
revolution or through consent of the
states so in theory an independent
California is possible however in the
path to secession is narrow so narrow
that it would literally take a
constitutional amendment to accomplish
this is what activists are aiming for
but its passage would require a
two-thirds vote from both the House and
the Senate along with the approval of at
least 38 state
a feat experts say is unlikely what's
more the yes California campaign is
still considered to be on the fringe
with only about 3,000 official
supporters but the movement has gained
momentum after Donald Trump's victory
with its Twitter followers increasing
from 650 to more than 15,000 in just a
few months after the election yes
California's president stated that
Californians were offended with Trump's
statements about minorities and that the
outcome was just further proof that the
state is more progressive than the US as
a whole to be certain California voters
did err on the progressive side in the
2016 election opting for tax increases
stricter gun laws and marijuana
legalization but the state is far from
ideologically unified with more than
three million votes for Donald Trump in
the 2016 election
this combined with illegal legwork
between statehood and autonomy means
California is far far away from an
actual collects it where some call it
Hallet for exit now we can't do episodes
like this without our sponsors if you're
looking for nutritionist approved snacks
that never use GMO ingredients trans
fats artificial colors or flavors
check out Gray's calm graze combines
wholesome ingredients with the flavors
we all love to create over a hundred
exciting snacks go to graze comm and
enter promo code seeker to get a free
sampler box if you're a fan of
innovative storytelling you should come
check out seeker BR our newest YouTube
channel has all of our 360 videos in one
place with California passing
recreational marijuana we visited the
Golden State's weed farms to find out
what that means for them check it out
right here I think a lot of it really
does have to do with this area I think
cannabis has thrived here because of the
culture and the community but I think
there's also a uniqueness to the climate
and this region and the topography here
that really brings out an amazing
expression in the plant please make sure
to subscribe to seeker VR we promise
you'll love what's coming
