the Mongol Empire was the single largest
connected Empire in world history around
its peak in the mid to late 13th century
it covered an area that was roughly the
same size as Africa its holdings
included significant portions of Asia
and Europe it even stretched into the
Arabian Peninsula what's more unlike the
600 year reign of the Ottoman Empire
the Mongol Empire rose and fell within
just about a century and a half so how
did the Mongols get so powerful
well the region where the Mongols began
their conquests is today parts of
Mongolia China and Russia around the
12th century this region was ruled by
the Jin dynasty
although the plateau itself is divided
among five tribes the Jin dynasty kept
these tribes in conflict so as to
maintain control and prevent an uprising
but in the late 12th century one Mongol
named Temujin the son of a tribal chief
formed a tribal alliance when his wife
was kidnapped by another tribe after
rescuing his wife and making a name for
himself as a conqueror he began to
conquer his surroundings by the
beginning of the 13th century around the
age of 44 Temujin had overcome all the
tribes and unified then establishing the
greater Mongol state and himself as the
king of kings or in western
pronunciation genghis khan with a united
army the mongols began a swift conquest
in all directions challenging both the
Jin dynasty and effectively everyone
else in the region because the Mongols
fought and traveled by horse they were
faster and anecdotally the Mongol armies
were ruthless according to some accounts
those in the path of Genghis Khan's
conquests were given the choice of
joining or dying by this method entire
villages were decimated worst thought in
the name of Genghis are estimated to
have killed as much as 10% of the
Earth's population at that time or about
40 million people Kahn revolutionized
warfare and rule of law he rewarded
loyalty regardless of social status
distributed the spoils of war throughout
his ranks and encouraged some religious
freedom he banned theft the selling of
women as property and infighting within
the Empire he also pushed for the
Mongols to be literate he exempts the
poor from taxation and increased trade
with others
these laws were allegedly codified by
Kahn in a secret document called Yassa
meaning order or decree although secret
Khan ruled the Empire on the basis of
these laws and was able to change them
when necessary by the time of genghis
khan's death in 1227 the mongols had
conquered a region twice the size of the
former roman empire stretching from the
Pacific Ocean to the Caspian Sea but
they were not done yet within ten years
of his death
the Mongols went on to completely
conquer the Jin dynasty over the next 50
years
a succession of Khan's set out to
conquer China a task which was finally
accomplished by the fifth ruler Kublai
Khan in 1279 Kublai was named the new
emperor of China its first non-native
Conqueror he focused on his holdings in
what is now China Mongolia and Korea
proclaiming the Yuan Dynasty which
lasted roughly a century the reign of
Kublai Khan is considered one of the
peaks in a unified Mongol Empire the
conquered territory actually experienced
what has been called Paks Mongolia Latin
for Mongol peace despite the devastating
and ruthless behavior of the Mongols in
wartime domestically the region was
stable and able to work as an
interconnected group even after
splitting into a number of competing
empires but to learn about why and how
the Empire ultimately split you'll have
to stay tuned for the decline of the
Mongol Empire in the meantime you can
learn about another massive Empire that
changed the world forever
the Ottoman Empire check out this video
at the top to learn about the Empire's
meteoric rise and make sure to watch
part 2 at the bottom to learn how the
Ottomans fall contributed to the current
Middle Eastern geopolitical crisis
thanks for watching seeker daily don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos every day
