since taking office in 2012 China's
President Xi Jinping has aggressively
fought to end the country's problems
with corruption ji has promised a
crackdown on both high and low level
Chinese officials or what he calls
tigers and flies in the past three years
more than 1 million party members have
been punished for corruption and in 2016
she called on other world leaders to
help him convictive fled or smuggling
money abroad but is G's anti-corruption
campaign actually working and how
corrupt is China anyway well much of
China's corruption comes in the form of
bribes which are usually paid to
low-level public officials in order to
bypass the judicial system
or acquire public services such as a
business license although this practice
is technically illegal it's deeply
embedded in Chinese society in fact for
centuries the country has promoted the
practice of guanxi or expanding your
professional network using gifts or
small favors although this is legal and
often totally harmless this cultural
norm has paved the way for bribes and
illicit special treatment
corruption is especially deep-seated in
Chinese politics although in the mid
20th century Mao Zedong's Communist
Party promoted honesty in work his
successor Deng Xiaoping who ruled from
1978 to 1997 liberalized the country's
economy and promoted the idea that in
order for markets to open up money
should flow to the top namely the public
officials as a result bribery and
extortion became extremely widespread
creating a culture of corruption within
the government in fact frustration over
the emergence of corruption in the 1980s
laid the groundwork for the Tiananmen
Square protests in 1989
shortly after launching his
anti-corruption campaign in 2012
President Xi Jinping made a public
statement asking officials to be honest
in their dealings and frugal in their
handling of state funds he even quoted
Confucius who said officials should
govern with virtue but these calls for
cultural reform don't seem to be working
according to Transparency International
which rates countries in terms of their
perceived public sector corruption China
scored slightly worse in 2015 than they
did in 2011 experts say this is likely
to persist until the government puts
forth major institutional changes one
recurring call is for an independent
judiciary China's Communist Party
rejects the idea of separation of powers
leaving trials subject to interference
by the state lower courts are
particularly susceptible as local
governments appoint and pay their
judges there have also been calls for
even more progressive reforms like
introducing democratic elections or
allowing people to sue their government
but these are major structural changes
and as an authoritarian government the
Communist Party will likely reject any
measure that brings its legitimacy into
question instead president G continues
pursuing a new set of standards and
simply asking party officials to be good
people if you're like me and love
history science and exploration you
should check out discovery go where you
can binge watch all seasons current and
past of your favorite Discovery Channel
shows check out the link in the
description below to learn more one
outcome of corruption is that the
private and public sector elite have a
disproportionate amount of wealth
perhaps nowhere better is the scene
than in China which has more
billionaires than any other country so
why does China have so many billionaires
find out in this video well since 1978
China's economic growth exploded
following the reversal of strict
communist policies instituted by former
leader Mao Zedong in the past few
decades the country's per capita wealth
is increased by nearly 10 percent each
year thanks for watching seeker daily
don't forget to Like and subscribe for
more videos every day
