in October 2016 the Baltic country of
Estonia elected its first female
president but one could argue that she
doesn't have much to govern Estonia is
bigger than Switzerland but its
population is comparable to the US state
of Maine so what is life really like in
Estonia
well Estonia was once a socialist Soviet
republic
however since regaining independence
1991 the country has joined the EU NATO
as well as the OECD and has firmly
positioned itself as politically
culturally and economically Western
Estonia's free market economy is growing
every year and it's government debt is
among the lowest in Europe that said the
country does have a considerable income
gap with the top 20% of the population
earning as much as five times with the
bottom 20% Byrnes Estonia's economy and
culture are heavily focused on
technology in 2000 the country declared
internet access to be a human right and
has since established hundreds of free
Wi-Fi zones Estonia has also fully
digitized its government services and
was the first country to allow online
voting in a general election like many
other Baltic and Nordic countries
Estonia is extremely homogeneous with
nearly 70 percent of the population
ethnically Estonian Russians are the
largest ethnic minority representing
roughly a quarter of the population but
perhaps surprisingly Estonian culture
takes little influence from Russian
culture and instead positions itself
closer to its Nordic neighbors like
Finland Finnish and Estonian people
enjoy similar cuisines and both have a
tradition of relaxing and saunas in the
winter
Estonia has even pushed for ascension
into the Nordic Council arguing that it
lost the opportunity for membership
during Soviet rule like its neighbours
Finland and Russia Estonia struggles
with widespread alcoholism the average
Estonian drinks an estimated three
gallons of alcohol every year and
experts say somewhere between 1,500 and
2,000 Estonians die from alcohol
consumption annually that's a lot of
deaths for a country with just over a
million people in the scope of Europe
Estonia is unique in that religion is
not very widespread although
Christianity is the country's primary
faith only 28% of the population
identify as religious and only 16% of
Estonian adults say that they believe in
God as a result Estonian values tend to
be less
the country has the highest rate of
unmarried adults in the EU in part
because so many couples live together
without opting for marriage which is not
as culturally important as it is in
other countries most Estonians live in
urban areas in fact nearly a third of
its population live in its capital city
talent talent is often called the
Silicon Valley of Europe as it has more
startups per person than any other
European country many of these small
businesses have actually grown into
global companies like Skype the city
also rolled out free public transit in
2013 and now makes 22 million dollars a
year in profit from the project there's
no doubt Estonia is modern progressive
and highly developed the country is
considered high income and consistently
ranks highly in education press freedom
quality of life and overall human
development barring the harsh winters
and relative isolation life in Estonia
doesn't sound too bad we can't do
episodes like this without our sponsors
if you listen to music and podcasts and
are looking for a new Bluetooth speaker
check out monster's reimagine boombox
the monster blaster available for
monthly payments starting at $25 with
deep pounding bass the monster blaster
has the power to bring music to life
indoors and out check it out at the
monster blaster calm forward-slash
secret
even though estonia likes to think of
itself as a Nordic country the country
is actually Baltic but what exactly does
that mean and how much power new Baltic
states have find out in this video
together they have a land size of
roughly seventy thousand square miles
and are a little larger than the state
of Florida however their population is
fairly small at about six million
residents or roughly two million fewer
people than in New York City this ranks
them relatively low among most
individual countries thanks for watching
seeker daily don't forget to Like and
subscribe for new videos every day
you
