in August 2016 Donald Trump called for a
special investigation of the Clinton
family's charity known as the Bill
Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation
Trump accused them of using the charity
to provide political influence in
exchange for financial donations in fact
this is not the first time that the
Clinton Foundation has been accused of
similar impropriety so we wanted to know
what exactly is the Clinton Foundation
and what is the controversy surrounding
it the foundation was originally started
around 1997 by Bill Clinton in an effort
to raise money to build a presidential
library since then it's come to raise an
estimated two billion dollars in total
which is used to fund philanthropic
efforts by the foundation itself it's
important to note that the charity
rarely disperses grants to other people
or organizations instead preferring to
fund its own humanitarian efforts and
while it may seem suspicious to pay your
own staff to accomplish humanitarian
goals multiple charity watchdogs have
cleared the organization of any
misappropriation of funds Charity
Navigator gave the Clinton Foundation
four out of four stars and charity watch
gave the group in a for spending the
majority of its funds on actual
charitable missions according to the
foundation itself key humanitarian goals
include economic development climate
change health and wellness and increased
participation of girls and women there's
also a group called the Clinton Global
Initiative which is effectively a
collection of super powerful people like
u2 frontman bono the CEO of Facebook
Sheryl Sandberg Bill Gates and many
others coming together to propose
solutions to global problems these
solutions often include massive
donations but the foundation has been
criticized for some of its funding
methods when rebuilding Haiti following
a natural disaster in 2010 the Clinton
Foundation used the relief effort to
help public branding but many accuse the
organization of only providing contracts
to those who had made significant
donations to the foundation
one example saw construction contract
automatically given to a company owned
by major donor Warren Buffett instead of
being selected through a standard UN
bidding process ultimately the
construction work turned out to be
inadequate for relief efforts the
sources of the Clinton Foundation's
donations themselves have long been
suspect by critics and allies alike the
fact that Bill Clinton is a former
president and that Hillary Clinton was
Secretary of State and may soon become
president herself means that there's
plenty
room for conflicts of interest when
Hillary Clinton accepted the position of
Secretary of State the foundation
stopped accepting donations from foreign
governments and conflicting private
interests however as soon as her tenure
ended millions poured into the
foundation from countries like Saudi
Arabia largely from private donors
closely tied to the Saudi royal family
in fact according to an investigation by
The Associated Press of the 154 people
from private interests who met with or
spoke to Clinton while she was Secretary
of State
85 of them ended up donating large
amounts of money to the foundation
immediately after she left the position
in total those 85 donors contributed
more than a hundred and fifty million
dollars additionally according to the
intercept donors from Saudi Arabia gave
between 10 million and twenty five
million dollars along with another one
to five million coming from Qatar the
United Arab Emirates and Brunei all of
these countries have been accused of
massive human rights violations with
very little reaction from the US
government the intersection of Hillary
Clinton as Secretary of State and
potential president while also accepting
donations from people and governments
seeking to influence u.s. policy clearly
raises suspicions although the
foundation has said that it's incorrect
to suggest that donors with political
motives are not also interested in
philanthropy it seems like a weak
assurance it's unlikely that Saudi
Arabia is interested in promoting female
empowerment which is one of the Clinton
Foundation's primary goals still as with
most of the scandals surrounding Hillary
Clinton although on the outside there's
an appearance of impropriety once a
closer look is taken there's little
proof to support those claims as far as
any investigations of publicly uncovered
the Clinton Foundation has not yet been
found to have done anything illegal with
the Clinton Foundation under so much
scrutiny as a result of both Clinton's
holding public office
many are wondering if Donald Trump will
face the same limitations if he ends up
winning the presidency Trump's business
empire is his baby but will he be able
to keep running it find out in this
video but the problem with blind trust
is that it's really hard to make sure
they're blind and there's a big
complication when it comes to Trump his
name since his largest source of income
is his brand name it would be impossible
for Trump not to notice which buildings
and businesses licenses name after
transferring ownership of it to a blind
trust thanks for watching seeker daily
don't forget to Like and subscribe for
more videos every day
you
