tensions are rising in India and
Pakistan over Kashmir both countries
have threatened to take action if
violence there escalates and one threat
to a shared natural resource could have
detrimental effects for more than 60
years India and Pakistan have been
fighting over Kashmir a contested region
that's claimed by both countries despite
ongoing efforts to create peace 2016
solve violent protests and multiple
attacks over the region one of which
killed at least 19 Indian soldiers in
retaliation India's Prime Minister has
explored the possibility of manipulating
Kashmir's water flow to benefit India /
Pakistan conceivably prompting a war
over this increasingly scarce resource
so how likely is this are India and
Pakistan on the brink of an all-out
water war well India and Pakistan's
conflict over water stems back to their
origins as independent states in 1947
India and Pakistan gained independence
from Britain and the two new countries
were left to figure out how to divide up
the region's natural resources one of
these was the Indus Basin which includes
rivers that flow from the Himalayas to
the Arabian Sea carrying water through
both India and Pakistan after partition
ended and borders were drawn the sources
of most of these rivers ended up in
India leading Pakistan to feel as though
it's livelihood was in the hands of its
enemy in 1960 after years of
negotiations and stalemates the two
countries signed the Indus Water Treaty
India received control of the basins
three eastern rivers and Pakistan got
control on the three western rivers but
Pakistan's rivers flow through India
first so the treaty allowed India to use
Pakistan's rivers for things like
hydroelectric power and irrigation as
long as they didn't obstruct a
significant amount of water flow to
Pakistan over the next 56 years India
and Pakistan fought three wars and
countless conflicts but the treaty was
monitored by both sides making it what
many have called one of the greatest
feats of water diplomacy in history
that is until now in response to rising
tensions over Kashmir and a deadly
attack on its military base India has
threatened to test the limits of the
Indus waters treaty in September 2016
India's Prime Minister said that blood
and water cannot flow simultaneously and
that India will exploit as much of
Pakistan's water as it can
more specifically India reportedly has
plans to expedite construction on a
number of dams in Pakistan controlled
rivers although this is technically
within the boundaries of the treaty it
would decrease Pakistan's share water to
levels not seen in decades which could
be detrimental as global warming makes
water increasingly scarce but India's
projects are still in their early stages
so it would take years for Pakistan to
feel the effects of its neighbors
retaliation nevertheless expediting
these initiatives sends a clear message
that whether or not weapons are drawn
India and Pakistan are ostensibly at war
this episode is brought to you by
Squarespace creating a website with
Squarespace is simple there's no coding
required you get a custom domain for
free if you sign up for a year on
squarespace.com and if you enter offer
code seeker daily a check out you'll get
10% off Squarespace set your website
apart the Kashmir conflict is complex
and confusing so we broke it down to
make it easier to understand you can
learn more about the origins of the
dispute by watching the video on your
left and if you want a brief explanation
of why tensions are rising check out our
video on the right thanks for watching
seeker daily please make sure to LIKE
and subscribe to see new videos every
day
