in August 2016 US presidential nominee
Hillary Clinton directly linked her
opponent Donald Trump to the racist
sexist and anti-immigrant rhetoric of
the emerging all right although Trump
has not explicitly aligned his campaign
with the alt-right the movement has
eagerly embraced him and his ideologies
so what exactly is the alt-right and why
do its supporters love Donald Trump well
the alternative right or alt-right is an
ultra conservative populist nationalist
movement unlike other conservative
political movements such as the Tea
Party the alt-right doesn't have an
organizational platform or founding
ideology instead like Donald Trump its
rise has been described as a reaction to
increasing political correctness
minority rights at the expense of
majority rights and globalization
uniquely the movement almost exclusively
exists online where members use forums
and social media to spread material
that's been called racist misogynistic
and xenophobic websites like 4chan and
Twitter provide an anonymous outlet for
those who feel ignored by the political
establishment and do not identify with
left-wing anti-establishment groups like
Bernie Sanders supporters although they
do not have a centralized ideology the
alt rights most notorious spokesperson
Milo E innopolis has co-written an
article in Breitbart news considered by
many to be the group's unofficial
alt-right manifesto Ian apple√≠s
describes a majority of the group's
followers as quote college-educated male
intellectuals who unapologetically
embrace a new identity politics that
prioritizes the interests of their own
demographic most experts agree that the
movement consists predominantly of white
men most of whom do not have college
degrees and are members of the working
class according to the unofficial
manifesto the alt-right was founded in
opposition to globalization feminism
egalitarianism and progressivism these
values are echoed in the alt-right
support of Donald Trump to whom the
seemingly biggest enemy is political
correctness so-called PC culture is
accused of censorship and an emphasis on
feelings over logic no matter how openly
hateful or hurtful the alternative may
be Trump's aggressive and unfiltered
nature has appealed to a segment of the
American population who feel abandoned
by their party which they see as too
soft and afraid members of the ultra
even refer to conservatives as
servants for having sold out traditional
values like gender binaries masculinity
and nationalism the alt-right has
existed on the fringes of society for a
long time so how has it suddenly made it
into the 2016 presidential election well
in short social media the success of
Donald Trump and the rising popularity
of Breitbart news has created a sort of
perfect storm Trump recently appointed
the head of Breitbart news as his
campaign manager paving the way for the
alt-right to grow into something more
substantial than just a virtual group of
paranoid radicals if you're like me and
love history science and exploration you
should check out science go where you
can binge watch all seasons current and
past of your favorite shows right now
I'm watching marathons of how it's made
check out the link in the description
below to learn more right-wing
nationalist movements like the alt-right
are not unique to the United States
similar sentiments exist in Europe where
far-right political parties are quickly
gaining momentum in response to multiple
widespread crises to learn more check
out this video
countries like Greece Portugal Ireland
and Spain have massive financial issues
related to entitlement programs or
insolvency this culminated in more than
half a million Greek citizens voting for
the Neo fascist group Golden Dawn thanks
for watching seeker daily don't forget
to Like and subscribe for new videos
every day
