u.s. senator Bernie Sanders has called
Henry Kissinger one of the most
destructive secretaries of state in the
modern history of this country
Kissinger most notably approved the
carpet bombing of Cambodia around the
1970s this bombing campaign led to
instability allowing Pol Pot's genocide
'el Khmer Rouge regime to commit mass
atrocities
more recently documents were discovered
showing how Kissinger x' close relations
with argentina prevented the u.s. from
stopping mass killings in the country in
the late 1970s so we wanted to know what
other evidence has there been of the
united states supporting genocide
already m-- well by 1979 the Khmer Rouge
in Cambodia caused the deaths of an
estimated 1.7 million people roughly 1/5
to 1/4 of that country's population
after years of Terror Pol Pot eventually
lost power and fled to the Thai border
however according to journalist John
Pilger records from the Congressional
Research Service suggest that the US was
secretly funding the Exile dictator
between 1980 and 1986 some 85 million
dollars were allegedly sent to the
border where Khmer Rouge leaders were
hiding even during their reign President
Jimmy Carter's national security adviser
was quoted as encouraging China to
support Pol Pot ostensibly in order to
curb the influence of communism from
Vietnam and the Soviet Union around that
same time in Central America Guatemala
was undergoing a three and a half decade
long civil war during the war General
efraín ríos Montt
seized power through a military coup in
1982 during those 17 months he was in
power his regime was responsible for
genocide against the indigenous Mayan
ischial population who were suspected of
supporting communism this anti-communist
stance led to US and Israeli military
and intelligence support of the dictator
the United States sent millions of
dollars of military equipment to the
genocide ulm entre Shing
the United Nations reports that
throughout the war as many as 200
people died with about 93% of killings
committed by the government roughly 80%
of the massacres sexual violence death
squads and other criminal acts from this
war occurred around the time of the
dictators brief reign but the u.s. may
have been most directly involved in
genocide during the 1960's in Indonesia
a military coup by Major General Suharto
led to mass killings in an attempt to
stop communist influence as many as 1
million people were murdered in one year
by military and civilian death squads
most documents on American involvement
are still classified but a director at
the National Security Archive alleges
that there is declassified information
which shows that the u.s. provided
economic technical and military aid
during the genocide former CIA agents at
the time have even admitted that they
compile lists of suspected communists
for the Indonesian government which were
believed to have been used to track down
and kill civilians
the CIA has officially denied
involvement United States foreign policy
has had some unsavory ties to war crimes
genocide illegal invasions and more and
as the huge archive of classified
foreign policy documents in the 20th
century slowly expires it becomes public
there will likely be further discoveries
into the u.s. as shady dealings
even when genocides are public knowledge
it doesn't mean they're publicly
acknowledged many people deny genocides
from the Holocaust to mass killings by
the Ottoman Empire so how is a genocide
define find out by watching this video
many make a distinction between genocide
and crimes against humanity for example
in the Congo one Rwandan Tutsi leader
was nicknamed The Terminator
for his mass killings of civilians and
the recruitment of child soldiers and
yet in the International Criminal Court
he was charged with crimes against
humanity and war crimes but not genocide
thanks for watching seeker daily don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos every day
you
