in July 2016 Puerto Rico defaulted on
its debt for the third time leaving its
bondholders another 800 million dollars
short this follows a multi-year debt
crisis in the unincorporated territory
stemming from expired tax incentives for
US companies and economic depression and
government inefficiency although some
are optimistic about Puerto Rico's
future others have already referred to
it as a failed state
so is Puerto Rico a failed state well
the term itself is widely debated but
according to the nonprofit fund for
peace there are four main
characteristics to a fragile or failed
state one characteristic is that a
fragile state loses the legitimate
authority to make collective decisions
this is a bit of an interesting question
for Puerto Rico which relies heavily on
the United States its economic boom was
predicated on giving tax incentives to
US businesses and there was even a law
from 1917 requiring all imports to be
done on American ships with American
crews in fact the current debt crisis
has only been managed through the direct
authority of the United States after
President Obama signed 2016's promesa
law establishing a federal board to
restructure Puerto Rico's debt another
hallmark of fragile States is an
inability to provide public services the
monopolized Energy Service Puerto Rico
Electric Power Authority is pushing to
raise electricity prices by 26% in early
2017 and all residents even those with
little to no income will be forced to
pay but despite the rapidly increasing
costs and the fact that more than a
third of those who live in housing
projects have reported an income of zero
where to Rico itself has been able to
provide utilities to those who are able
to pay for them a fragile state also
often loses control of its territory
and/or police force Puerto Rico's police
force has been plagued by corruption and
human rights abuses for decades
according to a report by the Department
of Justice from 2005 to 2010 roughly 10%
of the police force was arrested for
murder assault drug trafficking and
other crimes
the ACLU put out a similar report
calling Puerto Rico the island of
impunity finally fragile states are
unable to interact with other states as
full members of the international
community
simply put Puerto Rico is not a full
member of the International
community as a dependent and
unincorporated territory of the US the
downgrade of its credit rating to addy
for default as well as an influx of the
Zika virus around summer of 2016 has
made it risky to invest in and even
visit and has made negotiations with
other countries relatively fruitless but
while there are shades of a fragile
state within Puerto Rico it does not
fulfill the basic characteristics for a
failed state despite widespread poverty
mass emigration and a slow breakdown in
the day-to-day social order as an
unincorporated territory it will likely
one day see a return to some form of
normalcy with support from the United
States Puerto Rico is in a difficult
position
since it can't declare bankruptcy
because of its territorial status so
does the u.s. have a responsibility to
bail out its territories find out by
watching our video at the top you can
find out more about Puerto Rico's
statehood status by watching the video
at the bottom thanks for watching seeker
daily make sure to LIKE and subscribe so
you get new videos every day
