in July 2016 the United States signed a
deal with the Kurdish regional
government to aid in their ongoing war
against the Islamic state specifically
the US will contribute roughly 400
million dollars to their Peshmerga units
to be used for ammunition medical
equipment and other supplies but who are
the Peshmerga and why is the u.s.
funding them well the Peshmerga is the
official military force of Iraqi
Kurdistan which is an autonomous region
spanning roughly 15,000 square miles in
northern Iraq their force consists of an
estimated 200,000 male and female
soldiers not unlike the Kurdistan
Workers Party or PKK the Peshmerga is
waging war against the Islamic state
however the two Kurdish military forces
are completely separate organizations
and were in fact enemies until Isis
began taking over large territories in
Iraq and Syria in 2014
Kurdish warriors have existed for
thousands of years during which time
they fought against the Persian ottoman
and British Empire's however the
official Peshmerga which literally
translates to those who faced death
didn't emerge until the mid 20th century
the first official Peshmerga was the
army of the state of the Republic of
Kurdistan which was a short-lived
self-governing state in northern Iran
after the Republic dissolved the
Peshmerga evolved into guerrilla forces
fighting against the governments of Iraq
and Iran throughout the rest of the
century during that time the Peshmerga
divided into two opposing factions the
Kurdistan Democratic Party or KDP and
the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan or PUK
both parties wanted control over Iraqi
Kurdistan and by 1994 clashes between
the two opposing forces culminated in a
civil war but tensions simmered in 1998
when the KDP and PUK signed a us-backed
peace agreement and in 2003 they jointly
partnered with the u.s. to topple Saddam
Hussein's Iraqi government although the
two sides have largely followed through
with their commitment to peace the
Peshmerga is still somewhat polarized
since the early 20th century the Kurds
have had no official country of their
own and as a result have formed
communities in parts of Turkey Syria
Iran Iraq and our mean
as a Rakhi Kurdistan's official army
Peshmerga is part of a larger effort to
secure a fully independent nation for
the Kurds which includes eliminating any
terror groups threatening their hold on
the region since 2014 the Peshmerga has
carried out large-scale offensive
attacks against the Islamic state
leading them to partner with the u.s.
Iran and Kurdish guerrilla groups
together they have seized a number of
oil fields from Isis draining the group
of its essential resources this is all
under the backdrop of the Peshmerga
complicated relationship with Iraq
largely due to its claims under rocky
kurdistan's oil reserves this has
propelled the Peshmerga even further
into a complex political game where it's
been forced to choose sides pending the
Islamic states retreat from their
territory the Peshmerga could end up in
an all-out war with Iraq over land and
oil so just how valuable is this land
and why exactly are the Kurds so driven
to fight for Kurdish independence learn
more about Kurdistan by watching this
video the Kurdish region covers four
main territories located within existing
sovereign countries roughly fourteen and
a half million Kurds live in
southeastern Turkey two million in
northern Syria six million in northern
Iraq and another six million in western
Iran thanks for watching seeker daily
don't forget to Like and subscribe for
new videos every day
