in May of 2016 the Secretary General of
the Organization of American States
called for a vote on whether or not to
kick the country of Venezuela out of
their organization Venezuela's leader
has been repeatedly accused of acting
undemocratically and not unlike a
dictator violating the basic principles
of the OAS but what exactly is the OAS
and what does it mean if Venezuela is
ejected
well the Organization of American States
is a regional coalition made up of all
35 independent countries located in
north and south america these american
states are not to be confused with the
country known as the United States of
America the idea of a pan-american
organization goes as far back as the
early 1800s Venezuelan political leader
Simon Bolivar suggested creating an
intercontinental American Republic with
one military and one Parliament only one
country actually agreed to it so the
idea didn't materialize but around that
time in the United States President
James Monroe implemented the monroe
doctrine of foreign policy
this doctrine stated that any further
efforts by europe to colonize the
americas would be seen as hostile
territorial aggression and be met with
US intervention and the policy stayed in
place for over a century but with world
war ii showing that one powerful country
was not enough to defend an entire
hemisphere by itself in 1947 originally
19 countries in the Americas signed a
mutual defense pact called the Rio
treaty this treats an attack on any
participating nation as an attack
against them all the following year the
United States organized a meeting of 21
pan-american countries in order to
officially form the Organization of
American States the push for an official
regional coalition was bolstered by US
fears of communism spreading throughout
the Americas in addition to pledging an
oath against communism the meeting also
resulted in the first-ever international
human rights agreement the American
Declaration of the Rights and duties of
man however despite the stated efforts
of the OAS to achieve peace justice
solidarity and collaboration while
defending the sovereignty and
independence of all members the
organization ended up dropping Cuba from
its list of Representatives in 90
sixty-two this was after Cuba became a
communist country following the Cuban
Revolution which the OAS described his
quote incompatible with the principles
and objectives of the inter-american
system in 2009 the ban was lifted being
described as a historical error but in
response Cuba stated that it would not
return to the OAS calling the ban
shameful more recently in 2009 the OAS
suspended Honduras when they underwent a
coup d'etat rousting the president from
office and suspending human rights
including a ban on freedom of movement
expression and assembly Honduras was
reinstated after the crisis ended with a
new presidential election so what would
cutting Venezuela out of the OAS do well
besides borrowing the country from
weighing in on matters concerning the
OAS itself such as prosecuting human
rights violations in the Americas the
organization has little ability to
enforce intervention realistically while
the OAS serves as a useful pact for
leaders of the Americas to keep the
region stable the organization itself is
more of a catch-all for the many smaller
military and trade agreements that exist
among member countries in short the
objection of Venezuela may symbolically
show that the rest of the Americas do
not support the country's actions but
beyond that will do little to change the
situation on the other side of the world
is the similarly effective or perhaps
ineffective organisation of Islamic
Cooperation but instead of speaking for
the Western Hemisphere the OIC claims to
speak for the Muslim world and has
managed to stir up its own controversy
you can learn more in this video these
countries formed what was called the
organization of the Islamic Conference
their goals were centered around
creating Muslim solidarity protecting
Islamic holy sites helping Palestinian
causes ending racial discrimination and
improving economic cooperation among
member countries today their goals are
similar but conference was changed to
cooperation in 2011 thanks for watching
seeker daily don't forget to Like and
subscribe for new videos every day
