around the world there are estimated to
be thousands of different Christian
denominations with Catholics alone
making up more than a billion adherents
and while all of these denominations
have different beliefs about aspects of
Christianity none are quite as well
known for their unique views as the
Jehovah's Witnesses you yourself may
have even been visited by one on your
doorstep but what exactly sets Jehovah's
Witnesses apart and what do they believe
well unlike Christianity as a whole the
Jehovah's Witnesses were founded
relatively recently in the late 1800s
just about 40 years after Mormonism got
its start the founder was Charles taze
Russell a biblical scholar who like
other religious founders had his own
interpretation of the Bible Russell
would say that the world was soon coming
to an end
and expressed this and other thoughts in
a journal called the watchtower
supporters of Russell would meet to
study the Bible and eventually became a
small religious ministry after Russell's
death a group was taken over by a high
ranking member and former judge Joseph
Franklin Rutherford Rutherford made a
number of failed predictions including
that the biblical Abraham and Isaac
would be resurrected in 1925 this
eventually forced a split in the
ministry in 1931 the remaining group was
led by Rutherford and renamed the
Jehovah's Witnesses operating out of
Brooklyn New York today Jehovah's
Witnesses claim to have roughly eight
million adherents worldwide or
publishers as they're called and yet
most people know very little about the
religions unique views for one it's
taught that Satan was thrown out of
heaven and came to earth around October
1st 1914 and that Armageddon would occur
during the lives of those living in 1914
the door-to-door proselytizing for which
Jehovah's Witnesses are famous for is in
part based on the urgency of this end of
times prophecy but in 1995 when it was
clear that most of the people alive in
1914 were dying the prophecy was
officially revised to have no clear
date jehovah's witnesses also deny
trinitarianism which is the Christian
belief that God Jesus and the Holy
Spirit are one entity instead they
believe that Jesus being the Son of God
is a lesser entity and called the
Trinity a form of pagan idolatry along
those lines they also don't celebrate
birthdays or any non-christian holidays
seeing them also as pagan Jehovah's
Witnesses stress that the only date to
be commemorated is the death of Jesus
they don't even celebrate his birth
Christmas in 1945 it was established
that witnesses could not give or receive
blood transfusions based on a unique
reading of a Bible passage calling blood
itself sacred however it's not all
alternative beliefs there's also a
strong emphasis on cleanliness both
physical and spiritual manifesting as
honesty and modesty while these are
inherent in many religions there
especially paramount for Jehovah's
Witnesses between believing the world is
about to end never celebrating a
birthday and not being allowed to
receive blood in a life-or-death
situation the Jehovah's Witnesses are an
interesting group with some very unique
beliefs another religious group often
compared to Jehovah's Witnesses and
stemming from roughly the same recent
time period are Mormons Mormons wield
considerable influence in the United
States and in the 2012 election Mormon
Mitt Romney nearly became president so
just how powerful is the Mormon Church
Brigham Young led a significant number
of Mormons to Salt Lake City in Utah
where the religions headquarters was
established by and large Mormons are
considered a conservative religion
staining from drugs alcohol pornography
gambling and even drinking caffeine
thank you for watching seeker daily
please don't forget to Like and
subscribe so you can see new videos
every day
you
