the 2016 presidential election has been
one of the most contentious in US
history with many calling out both
candidates for not representing their
party's core values in 2015
candidate Hillary Clinton said I get
accused of being kind of moderate and
center I plead guilty so we wanted to
know just how conservative is Hillary
Clinton well one of the biggest
criticisms Clinton has faced from her
own party has been her slow acceptance
of gay marriage since President Bill
Clinton signed the Defense of Marriage
Act in 1996 she has been quoted as
saying that marriage should be between a
man and a woman in 2003 she stated I
think the vast majority of Americans
find same-sex marriage to be something
that can't agree with only as recently
as 2013 did she openly come out in
support of gay marriage later saying
that she evolved over time but perhaps
her conservative leanings are not so
surprising since she actually used to be
on the other side of the political
spectrum Clinton was a big supporter of
the 1964 Republican nominee Barry
Goldwater who is credited with
popularizing conservatism in the 1960s
Clinton herself was a young Republican
in her youth and called Goldwater a
rugged individualist who swam against
the political tide during her term in
the Senate from 2001 to 2009 her hawkish
views on foreign policy and early
support of the Iraq war and the war on
terror were aligned with those of many
conservatives including President George
W Bush himself even as Secretary of
State under President Obama she
allegedly encouraged bombing Libya and
arming Syrian rebels and outside of her
hawkish foreign policy objectives
Clinton is also very fiscally
conservative a hallmark of the
Republican Party and not so much the
Democrats according to the committee for
a responsible federal budget throughout
the 2016 presidential race Clinton has
been the most fiscally conservative
candidate on the left her spending
proposals are expected to cost about 1.8
trillion dollars but she also proposed
offsetting that cost with one point six
to one point nine trillion dollars in
savings and like many Republicans and
some right-leaning Democrats Clinton has
consistently come out in support of free
trade agreements like the TPP calling it
the gold standard free trade is often
considered an important part of the
conservative ideology with groups like
the Heritage
datian providing their long-term support
the TPP has even been used as an example
of President Obama's moderate right
leanings which Clinton is expected to
emulate if she gets in office only as
recently as 2015 when the TPP was
receiving significant criticism in the
public did she reverse her position
saying that it no longer met her
standards nonetheless Clinton is
generally seen as pro-business and pro
trade with close ties to major financial
institutions which have provided
millions of dollars in donations and
speaking fees to Bill and Hillary
Clinton as the first-ever female
presumptive presidential nominee many
see Clinton as a historic Democratic
candidate but despite her role as the
representative of the Democratic Party
Clinton is seemingly one of the most
conservative candidates in the party's
recent history Hillary Clinton may have
her conservative views but many are more
surprised about her opponents left-wing
views check out this video to learn just
how liberal Donald Trump really is he
was once actually a registered Democrat
from 2001 to 2009 and even as recently
as 2011 Trump changed his party
preference to unaffiliated before
changing it back to Republican in 2012
the same year he registered his slogan
make America great again thanks for
watching seeker daily don't forget to
Like and subscribe for new videos every
day
