hi seeker fans over the next two weeks
we're hitting the road to take you
inside the Republican and Democratic
national conventions where some of the
biggest decisions and US politics are
going to be made starting on Monday
we'll take you to Cleveland Ohio for the
RNC then the following week we'll be in
Philadelphia Pennsylvania for the DNC
while we're there
Republicans and Democrats will be
nominating their picks for our next
president that's kind of a big deal
we'll bring you the same great
explainers but we'll also be hosting
live roundtables with other youtube
collaborators and talking about
everything we'll also be on snapchat and
Facebook live bringing you behind the
scenes with interviews q and A's and
more follow along with us here at seeker
here's our code let us know in the
comments below if there's anything
specific you want us to cover and as
always make sure to LIKE and subscribe
for new videos every day thanks for
watching
