on the fifth anniversary of the death of
Osama bin Laden the Central Intelligence
Agency commemorated the date by tweeting
details of the raid as if it were
happening in real time this live
tweeting was seen as bizarre and a bit
morbid serving is the source of
criticism against the CIA although
they're not likely to repeat the same
public relations mistake
the CIA has made far more serious and
long-lasting mistakes in its
controversial history so we wanted to
know what were some of the CIA's biggest
blunders well one of the most
historically memorable mistakes was the
failed 1961 Bay of Pigs invasion
basically until 1959 Cuba was ruled by a
us-backed president turned dictator
Fulgencio Batista but the Cuban
Revolution led by Fidel Castro Elstad
the Batista regime replacing it as a
socialist state with Castro as its
leader now the CIA being the United
States Foreign Intelligence Service
concocted a plan to invade and overthrow
the new Cuban leader and reinstate a
leader of their choice a military force
made up of 1,400 exiled Cubans was
trained and funded by the US and began
its invasion of Cuba in April of 1961
after less than one day of fighting
Cuba's military overwhelmed the counter
revolutionaries and with public
knowledge of u.s. involvement President
John F Kennedy called off air support
and conceded the embarrassing loss the
failure of the Bay of Pigs was a huge
mistake in that it further aligned Cuba
with the USSR and against the u.s.
leading to worsening tensions during the
Cold War as well as a controversial
half-century long embargo another
colossal failure on the part of the CIA
was the infamous MK ULTRA program which
officially ran from 1953 to 1964 this
was basically the CIA's big experiment
to master mind control it was kept as a
highly classified secret mostly because
what they were doing was extremely
illegal and medically unethical the most
famous aspect of the program was
drugging American and Canadian citizens
with LSD without their knowledge
one psychiatric patient in Kentucky was
used as an unwitting subject and kept
continuously tripping on LSD for nearly
six months straight
another subject an army doctor named
Frank Olson jumped to his death from a
tenth floor hotel room window results
were inconclusive and in 1964 the CIA
stopped much of the research and changed
the name of the program to MK search
then in 1973 the CIA director ordered
all related files destroyed only limited
documents and witness testimony still
survived about that program one of the
most recent CIA mistakes was in relation
to the war on terror in the early 2000s
the CIA was regularly capturing
suspected terrorists and torturing them
for information in 2003 they
inadvertently kidnapped a German citizen
who was on vacation his name Khaled
el-masri which happened to be the same
name as a suspected terrorist for months
he was interrogated beaten tortured and
even sodomized during his imprisonment
until the CIA determined they had the
wrong guy
although al Masri attempted to sue the
United States for his mistreatment not
even the Supreme Court agreed to hear
his case eventually in 2012 the European
Court of Human Rights found the CIA to
be in violation of international law and
awarded al Basri
60,000 euros as compensation with so
much power and a lack of accountability
the CIA is prone to make influential
mistakes without having to answer for
them directly between planning military
cooze drugging unsuspected citizens and
torturing innocent civilians the full
scope of what the CIA can get away with
is actually pretty scary
one reason the CIA's mistakes are swept
under the rug is because the US can keep
documents on the CIA's wrongdoing
classified why is this and how does the
US decide which documents to keep secret
find out more about that in our video
here it's hard to know exactly how many
reports the government is currently
restricting for the public however
according to report from 2009 there may
be somewhere around 55 million thanks
for watching seeker daily don't forget
to Like and subscribe for new videos
every day
