in April 2016 the Organization of
Islamic Cooperation met in Istanbul
Turkey for a summit focused on promoting
unity and solidarity for justice and
peace this group of Islamic states is
the second largest intergovernmental
organization on earth after the United
Nations and claims to represent the
collective voice of the Muslim world but
many have criticized the organization
for their aggressive Charter on Human
Rights and say that it does not
represent the world's 1.6 billion
Muslims so what exactly is the
Organization of Islamic Cooperation well
the OIC is made up of 57 member states
49 of which have Muslim majorities
though the populations of these states
are not inclusive of all Muslims in the
world the OIC does comprise the largest
Muslim nations including Indonesia and
Pakistan the group's existence was
sparked in 1967 after Israel won the
six-day war against several Arab states
and occupied East Jerusalem then two
years later when a famous mosque in
Jerusalem was set on fire by an
Australian Christian evangelical and a
complaint submitted to the United
Nations by a group of 25 Muslim
countries it was alleged that Israel was
complicit in the arson and soon after
these countries formed what was called
the organization of the Islamic
Conference their goals were centered
around creating Muslim solidarity
protecting Islamic holy sites helping
Palestinian causes ending racial
discrimination and improving economic
cooperation among member countries today
their goals are similar but conference
was changed to cooperation in 2011
members of the OIC are also party to
different Islamic and Middle Eastern
groups such as the Arab League the Gulf
Cooperation Council the Economic
Cooperation Organization and 56 of those
57 countries are UN members most
military and economic partnerships come
as a result of these smaller alliances
while the OIC exists more as a forum for
Muslim countries but despite their
membership in the UN they don't always
see eye to eye in 1948 the United
Nations announced their Universal
Declaration of Human Rights announcing
the fundamental human rights which would
be universally protected by all member
nations forty-two years later in 1990
the OIC released the Cairo declaration
on human rights in Islam
on the basis that the United Nations
1948 declaration did not take into
account differing cultural and religious
values the Cairo declaration came under
severe criticism from human rights
groups because it derives all its
inherent rights and freedoms from the
Quran and Sharia law moreover an
observance with Sharia law the
declaration does not allow freedom of
religion and it gives different rights
to both men and women
for example the rights of free movement
and marriage are only granted to men
with women's subordinate to the wishes
of their husbands or Father's many have
called these religious exceptions purely
incompatible with basic human rights
additionally when the United Nations
held its first discussion on
discrimination against sexual
orientation representatives of the OIC
staged a walkout in protest calling
homosexuality licentiousness aying that
the topic should not be discussed again
overall though member states have
military and economic partnerships
outside their group the Organization for
Islamic Cooperation serves as a broad
gathering of Muslim countries but
despite claiming to represent the modern
Muslim world the OIC views on human
rights may be incompatible with those of
many modern Muslims much of Muslim
culture and religious law is based on
what's called Sharia law in recent years
it has come under criticism for its
rules on gender inequality so what
exactly is Sharia law it prescribes
punishments but those punishments don't
necessarily have to be draconian or
harsh if the particular sect of Islam
that wrote those Sharia laws is more
focused on loose interpretations of the
Quran then they wouldn't include things
like stoning or amputation in the vast
majority of Muslim communities an eye
for an eye is seen as an analogy not as
a literal instruction thanks for
watching seeker daily don't forget to
Like and subscribe so you get new videos
from us every day
