in June 2016 the United States
experienced the worst mass shooting in
its modern history and the deadliest act
of terror since the September 11th
attacks
a gunman claiming to be aligned with the
Islamic state killed at least 49 people
in an LGBT nightclub in Orlando Florida
but despite being involved in two recent
FBI terror investigations the shooter
was still able to easily and legally
purchase a high-powered assault rifle
and a pistol so how are suspected
terrorists able to buy guns in the US
well on its face the answer is simple in
the United States almost anyone can buy
a gun in some cases without a waiting
period or even a background check the
Second Amendment to the US Constitution
states the right of the people to keep
and bear arms shall not be infringed and
despite heavy opposition from gun
violence activists few barriers to gun
ownership currently exist in fact there
are only nine groups of people who are
prohibited from purchasing guns
according to the 1968 Gun Control Act
and subsequent revisions those who have
been indicted or convicted of a felony
fugitives on the run the mentally ill or
underage undocumented immigrants those
who've been dishonorably discharged from
the military those who renounce their US
citizenship domestic abusers those under
certain restraining orders and unlawful
users of drugs according to the Bureau
of Alcohol Tobacco Firearms and
Explosives that last category of drug
users automatically prohibits those
carrying medical marijuana cards from
owning a gun regardless of its legality
in state and yet suspected terrorists
are not prohibited from gun purchases at
all in late 2015 just one day after a
mass shooting in San Bernardino
California Republicans in Congress have
blocked a bill that would have prevented
those on the terror watch list from
purchasing guns around that time a
Washington Post report showed that more
than 2,000 suspected terrorists were
able to buy guns between 2004 and 2014
the National Rifle Association opposed
the bill saying that it would be unfair
to those wrongly placed on the terror
watch list Republican outsider Carly
Fiorina agreed justifying her opposition
by saying that her best friend's husband
was mistakenly on a watch list for years
and within Congress all four Republican
senators who were in the 2016
presidential race voted against the
legislation the bill's sponsor
Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein
condemned the vote calling it proof that
Congress is a hostage to the gun lobby
in the wake of the Orlando shooting
senator Feinstein has proposed
reintroducing her failed terror
watchlist legislation another bill was
announced immediately after the Orlando
shooting which would prevent those
convicted of hate crimes from purchasing
or owning firearms but it's unlikely
that either of those bills would have
prevented this attack the Orlando
shooter was briefly placed on the terror
watch list in 2013 and 2014 but he was
not on the list when he made his gun
purchases nor had he ever been convicted
of a hate crime still many say that the
gun control bills are a step in the
right direction unless Congress is
willing to cooperate to change gun laws
chances are little will change the US
has one of the highest rates of gun
violence in the world
there were 372 mass shootings in 2015
but the u.s. isn't the only country with
guns or an armed populace so why exactly
are there so many mass shootings in the
US find out in this video a Harvard
study found that wherever there are more
guns there is more homicide even after
accounting for rates of assault robbery
unemployment poverty and alcohol
consumption this follows the fact that
in states where it's easier to purchase
guns there are naturally more guns and
naturally higher homicide rates recent
reports have attempted to make it clear
that mental illness is not a major
contributing factor to most mass murders
and that gun control is the real
solution thanks for watching seeker
daily don't forget to Like and subscribe
for new videos every
