diplomatic relations between the United
States and Vietnam have come a long way
since the two countries ended their
20-year war in 1975 formal relations
have been reinstated trade agreements
signed and in May 2016 the u.s. even
agreed to lift a decades-old embargo on
arms trade
so as the two countries shift from
enemies to allies we wanted to know just
how powerful is Vietnam
well geographically Vietnam is fairly
small at a hundred and thirty thousand
square miles the country is just larger
than the US state of New Mexico but
despite its size it boasts a population
of more than 90 million making it the
14th most populous country in the world
as a longtime communist state Vietnam
has traditionally been closed off to the
west but over the last several decades
it's introduced a number of modern
economic and social reforms since the
mid 1980s the country has steadily moved
away from a centrally planned system by
encouraging private business in free
trade in the 1990s it halted requests
for compensation for war crimes from the
US and in turn the u.s. partially lifted
its trade embargo which had decimated
Vietnam's economy this coupled with aid
from the World Bank and the
International Monetary Fund boosted the
country's economy by roughly 8 percent a
year today
Vietnam's GDP is more than a hundred and
eighty billion dollars compared with
just six billion dollars in 1990 the
country also benefits from its
membership in the Association of
Southeast Asian Nations which Foster's
economic growth in the region Vietnam
also is a key player in the
trans-pacific partnership or TPP which
is a proposed free trade deal between
the US and eleven other countries
Vietnam is far from the largest market
in the deal and yet the country is
slated to benefit the most its GDP is
expected to surge by 10 percent before
what's more the deal may be an antidote
for Vietnam's weakening ties with its
biggest trade partner China the u.s.
hopes that the TPP will eventually end
Viet Nam's dependence on China for trade
leaving them to revert to their second
largest trade partner the United States
and the US isn't the only country with
an interest in Vietnam Japan Australia
Singapore and the Philippines have all
recently strengthened their defence ties
with the goal of creating a
counterweight to the growing threat of
the alliance is crucial to Vietnam as
the country has a limited defense budget
and dated soviet-era equipment Vietnam
does boast an army of roughly five and a
half a million trumping many of its
powerful neighbors like Japan and South
Korea in the US and abroad
it seems that all eyes are on Vietnam
this newfound attention not only
reflects the country's undeniable
potential but its transformation over
the last few decades although there's
still room for improvement particularly
in human rights in the environment
there's no question that Vietnam is well
on its way to becoming very very
powerful China and Vietnam have serious
territorial disputes but what would
happen if those tensions led to an
all-out war who would win between China
and Vietnam watch this video to learn
more as the South China Sea would likely
be the setting of a new war there is
little hope of Vietnam matching up to
China's unbelievably huge Navy with 63
submarines 25 destroyers and aircraft
carrier and thousands of Merchant
Marines
China's fleet is 10 times stronger than
Vietnam
thanks for checking out a secret daily
don't forget to Like and subscribe for
new videos every day
