May 2016 marks 50 years since the start
of China's Cultural Revolution the
decade-long shift resulted in an
estimated two million deaths alongside
widespread abuse displacement public
humiliation and torture at the time
little was understood about the causes
and devastating outcomes of the
revolution
however newly released archives have
shed light on this dark period of
China's modern history
so now half a century later what do we
know about China's Cultural Revolution
while the Revolution was predominantly
Chairman Mao Zedong's attempt to
establish himself as the leader of the
Communist world by ridding the country
of capitalism and its long-standing
traditions after Mao's Communist Party
took power in 1949 the Soviet Union's
new leader Nikita Khrushchev denounced
his predecessor Joseph Stalin and began
to D Stalin eyes the USSR seeing
similarities between himself and Stalin
Mao began to fear a similar fate for
himself so in 1958 Mao launched a
national campaign to boost China's
economy called the Great Leap Forward
which radically redistributed land among
China's rural population and organized
workers into communes the Great Leap
Forward failed miserably decimating the
economy and diminishing Mao's role
within the ruling party to regain
control Mao United with like-minded
radicals including his wife and defense
minister Lin B ow to launch the Cultural
Revolution at a conference in May of
1966 Mao claimed that bourgeois ideas
had crept into society and the
government and that these elements could
only be removed through violent class
struggle in the months that followed
mouths shut down China's schools and
mobilized students into paramilitary
units called Red Guards the groups
attacked and killed teachers
intellectuals and eventually ordinary
people they suspected of undermining the
communist system the movement
infiltrated the military workers and
even though
party itself by the late 1960s tens of
thousands had been forced out of cities
in an effort to purify urban areas and
millions had suffered rape abused
arbitrary imprisonment or torture some
of the most horrific violence occurred
in rural villages in southern China
where revolutionaries were known to
practice ritualistic cannibalism in the
name of revolution by the early 1970s
the Revolution began to dissolve Mao's
chosen successor lianbao had recently
taken power and was dealing with
widespread opposition over his decision
to put china under martial law Mao
launched a campaign to reduce Lin's
power effectively dividing the ruling
party after Lin died in a plane crash in
1971 members of his military command
were purged and a new leader took power
Lin's death alongside chaos and division
within China's ruling party Left
revolutionaries feeling slighted and
disillusioned the movement officially
ended in 1976 when Mao died and his
allies were purged from the ruling party
the Cultural Revolution was arguably the
most horrific and violent period in the
history of modern china today the
movement is often characterized by
widespread devastation and death but
experts say it's legacy is the
uncertainty fear and lost sense of
humanity it imposed on those who live
through it and although China is still
plagued with power struggles and human
rights abuses the scale and severity of
these issues cannot be compared to those
of the Cultural Revolution another
watershed event in China's history was
the conflict at Tiananmen Square find
out what happened and how it would
change world history by watching this
video up top although if you're in China
you may not be able to learn more about
how China uses censorship to control the
media by watching the video below thanks
for checking out seeker daily don't
forget to Like and subscribe we'll see
you all next time
