by 2050 the world is expected to house
nearly 10 billion people prompting
concerns over lack of Natural Resources
increased global temperatures and food
shortages it's not unusual to hear about
the threat of the rapidly growing global
population on average each country is
seeing their population grow by about
one and a quarter percent per year but a
number of countries have the opposite
problem a population that is rapidly
decreasing giving way to its own set of
challenges so which countries have
shrinking populations although the
reasons for a shrinking population vary
the consequences are almost always the
same fewer people leads to a smaller
workforce slowing economic development
and a massive public debt
well the worst cases of population
decline can be found in Eastern Europe
where many countries will see their
population drop by more than fifteen
percent over the next three decades the
most extreme case is Bulgaria where the
population is expected to be roughly 30
percent smaller by 2060 that translates
to one hundred and sixty-four fewer
people per day or 60,000 per year not
far behind Bulgaria is Moldova which
loses just over 1 percent of its
population annually and has a death
grade akin to war-torn countries in
Africa over the last three decades the
populations of these and other Eastern
European countries have plummeted for
almost identical reasons with the fall
of the Soviet Union and subsequent
economic collapse many Bulgarians and
Moldovans were left financially insecure
and thus hesitant to have children
although the fertility rate in both
countries has improved somewhat since
then it's still relatively low at
roughly 1.4 births per woman in
comparison the global average is 2.5
births per woman
and roughly 2.1 is needed to maintain
their populations today the biggest
threats to Bulgaria and Moldova's
populations are emigration and a large
proportion of elderly residents both
countries also suffer from brain drain
when skilled educated citizens leave in
search of better opportunities in
Bulgaria it's estimated that 20
son of college students study abroad and
of those roughly 80% stay abroad the
governments of Bulgaria and Moldova have
launched aggressive campaigns to combat
population decline which include
financial incentives for having more
children and job opportunities to lure
back expats however nothing thus far has
been very successful but perhaps
surprisingly the country facing the
greatest threat is Japan according to a
government report Japan's population is
expected to cut in half over the next
sixty-six years primarily due to its low
birthrate experts say the problem is one
of economics cost of living is high
especially in cities where more and more
Japanese are living
what's more people of childbearing age
are working long hours leaving them
little time to raise a child the problem
has gotten so dire the Japanese
government allocated nearly 30 million
dollars to lifting birth rates this is
in addition to a number of work-life
balance policies that foster shorter
hours telecommuting
and parental leave the government even
funds matchmakers dating services and
singles parties in the hopes that young
people will marry and eventually have
babies in Japan as well as Eastern
Europe public officials are already
preparing for an economic fallout the
bottom line is fewer people in a country
means there are fewer people spending
money working and paying taxes we can't
do videos like this without help from
our sponsors this episode is brought to
you by Squarespace they'll help you
build a website even if you've never
done it before when you sign up for a
year they'll give you a domain name for
free and if you type in test-tube at
checkout you'll get an extra 10% off
Squarespace you should Japan's
population crisis is sparking a social
phenomenon known as hikikomori to learn
more about why Japanese youth are
checking out of society watch our video
here additionally most Japanese youths
are expected to provide for their
families putting tremendous stress and
pressure on them to succeed the weak
economy also puts a strain on
relationships as many japanese women
refuse to date unemployed men
considering them weak and effeminate
thank you for watching test-tube news
please don't forget to Like and
subscribe for new videos
every day
