after Donald Trump received more than
50% of the vote in the Indiana
Republican primary Ted Cruz suspended
his presidential campaign
besides lacking voter support the
Republican senator from Texas was
especially unpopular among other
senators and politicians former Speaker
of the House John Boehner described Cruz
as Lucifer in the flesh and the most
miserable sob he'd ever worked with
similar opinions have been voiced by a
number of other Republicans including
Senator John McCain who called Cruz a
whacko bird and former President George
W Bush who has said that he just doesn't
like the guy so why does the GOP hate
Ted Cruz well among the many criticisms
of Cruz are his antics on the Senate
floor since he was elected in 2012 the
so-called firebrand conservative claimed
to oppose any legislation that expands
the federal government while this may
sound like a tactic that would square
with the GOP it has actually pitted many
of Cruz's Republican colleagues against
him as his actions have repeatedly
disrupted the Senate and ultimately
damage to the Republican Party this was
best illustrated in 2013 when Cruz
carried out a 21-hour speech on the
Senate floor in an effort to block the
Affordable Care Act the stunts led to a
16-day government shutdown costing the
economy an estimated two billion dollars
and nearly leading to a national default
it also more notably resulted in the GOP
lowest approval rating in decades
grassroots conservatives applauded
Cruz's effort however many of his fellow
senators saw it as a needless annoyance
this wasn't the only time Cruz publicly
fumbled at the expense of his own party
in December 2014 the Texas senator
demanded a revote on the president's
executive action on immigration
despite his party's desire to revisit
the issue the following year the
last-minute manoeuvre not only forced
his colleagues to come in on Saturday
but it failed miserably thus allowing
Democrats to gain a stronger foothold in
the executive branch Cruz strained
relations even further the following
year when he called Republican House
Speaker Mitch McConnell a liar a move
that was not only frowned upon but was
against the official Senate rules
meanwhile despite pushback from the GOP
Cruz has attempted to dismantle every
federal agency
deemed unnecessary and unconstitutional
this includes the export-import bank the
Department of Education the Department
of Energy and even the Internal Revenue
Service Cruz has burned so many bridges
that according to South Carolina Senator
Lindsey Graham if you killed Ted Cruz on
the floor of the Senate and the trial
was in the senate nobody would convict
you but the most ubiquitous criticism of
Cruz is not his politics it's his
personality Cruz has been described as a
show horse and a false prophet
reportedly out of his reckless pursuit
of political gain at the expense of his
own party similar observations stem from
his time working on the George W Bush
2000 presidential campaign when Cruz
reportedly annoyed his colleagues with
pointless middle-of-the-night emails and
frequent mailers listing his own
accomplishments as a self-proclaimed
outsider candidate Cruz effectively
branded himself as a thorn in the GOP
side and a ruthless Crusader of
far-right ideals many of Cruz's harshest
critics came around and endorsed him in
his 2016 campaign likely out of fear of
the alternative but in the end it just
wasn't enough to keep Donald Trump from
the nomination although the race isn't
over yet the general election will
likely be between two candidates who
have faltering support from their own
parties so what happens if neither gets
enough votes to win what happens if
there's a tie find out by watching our
video here in total there are 538
electors some very populated states like
California wield 55 electoral votes
while sparser states like Alaska only
have three moreover in almost all states
if a candidate gets even slightly more
votes they get all of that state's
electoral votes this basic process is
written into article 2 of the US
Constitution thanks for watching
test-tube news everyone don't forget to
Like and subscribe so you get new videos
from us every day
