China and India are arguably the most
powerful countries in the asia-pacific
although the two nations are longtime
rivals the one thing they can agree on
is their interest in their comparatively
small neighbor in Nepal both have close
bilateral relations with Nepal and are
crucial to the country's economy and
military but Nepal was forced to revisit
its alliances in 2015 when the country
enacted a new controversial Constitution
so we wanted to know just how powerful
is Nepal well although it's best known
for the most famous mountain in the
world Mount Everest geographically Nepal
is actually fairly small at roughly
57,000 square miles the country is about
the size of the US state of Iowa but
with 10 times the population at more
than 30 million people Nepal is one of
the poorest and least developed
countries in the world about half of
their population is unemployed and
roughly 1/4 lived below the poverty line
its GDP of less than 20 billion dollars
means that per capita the nation is on
par with Rwanda as a developing country
agriculture is the backbone of Nepal's
economy contributing to the livelihood
of nearly 70% of the population for the
rest
Nepal relies on tourism and remittances
or people working overseas and sending
their income back home but revenue from
both of these sources has plummeted
since 2015 when two major earthquakes
resulted in an estimated 10 billion
dollars in damage and more than 30,000
casualties in the aftermath tourism
screeched to a halt and many Nepalese
working abroad were forced to return
home to rebuild when it comes to defense
Nepal also leaves much to be desired
with roughly a hundred and fifty
thousand active military personnel the
country spends just over one percent of
its GDP on defense but Nepal does get
considerable military backing from China
and the United States which have two of
the strongest militaries in the world
this and other financial support has
kept Nepal under Chinese influence
especially when it comes to neighbouring
Tibet which has been seeking autonomy
from China for decades under pressure
from China Nepal has increasingly
hindered Tibetan refugees from sea
asylum in the country and has placed new
restrictions on those already living
there but Nepal is often held captive to
its neighbours demands for instance in
India refused to recognize Nepal's new
constitution and instituted a trade
embargo this forced Nepal to import more
goods from China including oil which
they have exclusively purchased from
India for the last four decades in early
Nepal amended its constitution to
appease India however India still has
major problems with it in the end Nepal
is still stuck between two regional
powers with little influence in the
region and on the world stage the
country can really only be described as
powerless climbing Mount Everest would
be impossible without the Sherpas of
Nepal to help foreign visitors make it
to the top but despite their integral
role Nepal's government is not entirely
supportive find out why and what Sherpas
have to deal with by watching this video
the desire to conquer Everest has been
on the rise ever since Sherpa Tenzing
Norgay and New Zealand air Edmund
Hillary first summited the peak in 1953
for decades climbing the world's tallest
mountain remained the reserved for
hardened explorers but in the 1990s
advances in technology made summiting
the mountain an attainable dream and
make sure to tune in to the premiere of
Sherpa on the Discovery Channel
airing Saturday April 23rd at 9/8
central
as part of elevation weekend on
discovery thanks for watching test-tube
news don't forget to Like and subscribe
for new videos every day
