the 2016 presidential nomination race
between Hillary Clinton and Bernie
Sanders has seen Clinton win big in
states with large black populations
President Barack Obama's election in
2008 was bolstered by roughly 96 percent
of the black vote and although Clinton
has a much lower percentage it may still
bump her in to the nomination so just
how powerful is the black vote
well black suffrage in the United States
has been a long and hard-fought battle
until the 13th amendment in 1865 most
black people in America were held as
slaves unable to vote and according to
the US Constitution considered to be
only worth three-fifths of a person but
even after slavery was abolished black
people were continually prevented from
voting due to racist measures called Jim
Crow laws these included forcing people
to pay money to register to vote and a
variety of literacy tests which often
did not apply to white voters some of
these measures were alleviated by the
15th amendment which granted all races
the right to vote but racial
disenfranchisement remains even to this
day gerrymandering which is the practice
of drawing voting borders in a way to
give one party or group an advantage is
still common in 2016 a US appeals court
found that a 2011 Republican led
redistricting attempt in North Carolina
was based on racial quotas and found
unconstitutional
some say that voter ID laws are
similarly designed to disenfranchise
minority voters some of whom are unable
to get an identification card due to
time constraints or cost black people
make up about 13% of the US population
and in voting they are similarly
represented at about 11 and a half
percent in the past few elections about
66 percent of eligible black residents
voted compared to roughly 64 percent of
white voters and 48 percent of Hispanic
voters but in the 2000 election only
about 40 percent of black voters came
out with about 50 percent turnout for
white voters and 30 percent for
Hispanics but despite similar voting
proportions black people are not often
elected in the United States so how do
black voters vote predominantly Democrat
2014 estimates show that roughly 80% of
black voters identified as demo
it's compared to only 11% for
Republicans and this split makes sense
for decades the Democratic Party has
been focused on social progress and
increases in civil rights but a 2012
poll by the n-double a-c-p found that in
several states black voters were more
concerned about employment than they
were health care or education another
poll found that few believed cultural
issues such as abortion and same-sex
marriage were critical in the u.s.
roughly two-thirds reported support for
pro-choice abortion rights
additionally black voters are more
likely to be religious than white voters
leading to certain stances that are more
in line with Republican values and while
Hillary Clinton continues to court the
black vote it may be important to see
not just how black Americans have voted
in the past but what issues are most
important to them in the future
sadly black voters are still
disenfranchised or at least attempts are
made to minimize voting impact to learn
more about how politicians can change
voting borders to suit themselves watch
this video on gerrymandering up top and
for more on whether voter ID laws are a
bad idea or even discriminatory check
out this video below thanks for watching
test-tube news everyone don't forget to
Like and subscribe so you get new videos
from us every day
