Uganda's elections in early 2016 have
been criticized and rejected by the
United States and European Union as
fraudulent the incumbent yoeri Museveni
was reelected by an alleged majority
continuing his 30-year long reign since
the election results were announced the
opposition leader and other party
members have been repeatedly arrested
and intimidated despite holding
elections many say that actions like
these are more in line with a
dictatorship than a republic or
democracy so how do presidents become
dictators well in the case of Uganda
mu-7 II was not originally voted into
presidency in 1986 after years of
competing government factions and coos
Museveni's faction overthrew the capital
and instituted him as president
promising democracy but with the new
president came strict limits on
opposition political parties they could
not gather produce candidates or almost
any other action which would threaten
the existing presidency in 2005 who 70
allegedly paid parliament members 2,000
dollars each to abolish presidential
term limits keeping him in power the
following elections in 2006 and 2011
were marred by voter disenfranchisement
7yz rule has seen severe human rights
abuses and even an attempted
anti-homosexuality bill referred to as
the kill the gays bill another country
with a similarly dictatorial president
is Cameroon president Paul Biya has been
in power since he was appointed prime
minister in 1975 leading to the
longest-running non monarchy leadership
in the world in 1982 he replaced the
country's president and since 1997
Western countries have alleged voter
fraud in every Cameroonian election
all of which pia has won by a
significant margin in 2008 he was
prevented from running again by
constitutional term limits not on like
Museveni BIA used his influence in
Parliament and the term limits were
lifted by 157 to just 5 votes
15 members of parliament protested the
vote saying it was a constitutional coup
d'etat the change also granted the
president in
for any illegal actions committed while
in power reports of torture by police
and extreme censorship by jailing
journalists have been representative of
be as authoritative rule perhaps the
worst of presidents turn dictators is
Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe although in
1980 he did win the popular vote making
him the first Prime Minister of the
newly independent Zimbabwe things almost
immediately took a turn for the worst
the country was established as a
one-party state leaving only Mugabe's
party in charge he even created a North
Korean trained security force to stifle
dissidents numerous allegations of
ethnic cleansing leading to more than
20,000 deaths were levied on the regime
in the 1980s in 1987 under Mugabe s
direction the roles of Prime Minister
president and commander-in-chief were
collapsed into one presidential rule
this presidency was also able to
dissolve Parliament and suspend
constitutional protections Mugabe 's
level of absolute authoritarian power
coupled with rampant corruption election
fraud mass murder and extreme homophobia
make him one of the worst presidential
dictators in the world and these are not
the only ones there are dozens of
similarly dictatorial presidents around
the world when a president controls more
than one branch of government they are
able to invalidate constitutional
guarantees like trim limits or habeas
corpus although they do not call
themselves dictators a multi-decade
regime of fraudulent power is pretty
tough to call democratic if you want to
learn more about what other countries
are suffering under oppressive regimes
you can check out this video about which
countries still have dictatorships or
you can find out who some of the longest
reigning ones are by watching the video
at the bottom thanks for watching
test-tube news don't forget to Like and
subscribe for new videos every day
you
