January 2016 transparency international
released its annual corruption index
this data ranks nearly every country's
perceived corruption based on levels of
bribery illegitimate government spending
and lack of anti-corruption measures
year after year many of the same
countries are at the bottom of the list
so which countries take up these spots
and why are they so corrupt well as at
the end of 2015
the three most corrupt countries are
Afghanistan Somalia and North Korea much
of Afghanistan's prevailing corruption
is linked to the misuse of aid money
given to the country from international
donors the Afghan government pledged to
combat this issue in 2012 however little
progress has been made as public
officials benefit the most from this
type of corruption Somalia suffers from
a similar problem a report by the World
Bank showed that roughly a hundred and
thirty million dollars of donor funds to
the federal government had gone missing
over just two years what's more Somalis
private enterprises pay little or no
taxes to the state but instead pay
optional fees to government officials
who support their company's interest by
contrast bribes in North Korea are
mostly paid by citizens for example
North Koreans who are looking for a
better job must pay a public official to
assign them to one as all citizens are
selected for jobs by the government what
these three and most corrupt countries
have in common is armed conflict and
political oppression which our
environment where public sector
corruption particularly thrive the
country that took the biggest tumble was
Brazil which dropped 7 positions in just
one year this is due in part to the
Petrobras scandal in which Brazilian
politicians allegedly took millions of
dollars in bribes in exchange for
awarding public contracts the incident
slowed investments in energy and
construction costing tens of thousands
of Brazilians to lose their jobs however
Brazil could see a turnaround in 2016 as
mass public protests have pressured the
government to introduce anti-corruption
legislation in contrast Northern Europe
saw the least corruption in 2015 with
Denmark Finland and Sweden at the top of
the list Scandinavian countries
repeatedly rank well in corruption
studies mainly because they allow public
access to the government's budget
information so citizens can see exactly
where public money comes from and how
it's spent these countries also have
high levels of press freedom and a
judicial system that does not base
decisions on a person's income still no
country is completely free of corruption
in fact even the highest ranking
countries have been linked to unlawful
deals outside their borders the best
example of this is TeliaSonera a company
partially owned by the Swedish state
which allegedly paid millions of dollars
in bribes to bekka Stan in order to
secure business there however incidents
like this are not factored into the
corruption index because it only
reflects government corruption within a
country's borders not corruption
overseas or in the private sector but
despite alleged corruption in supposedly
uncorrupt countries more countries are
moving up the index than are moving down
according to the World Bank one of the
best ways to combat corruption is to
create policies that thoroughly
investigate and report government
spending still more than six billion
people live under corrupt governments
and until more countries adopt similar
policies that number is likely to
increase if you want a closer look at
corruption issues in individual
countries like Brazil check out our
corruption playlist here
the most recent scandal within
Parliament and the leading political
party involves the state-run oil firm
Petro breast around 50 officials are
currently under investigation for
accepting kickbacks totaling 2 point 1
billion dollars in return for business
contracts with the company thanks for
watching test-tube news don't forget to
Like and subscribe for new videos every
day
