in early 2016
following terror attacks in Paris the
French Justice Minister resigned
she had opposed a proposal to strip
French nationals of their citizenship if
convicted of terrorism
this amendment faced criticism
suggesting it would discriminate and not
likely deter terrorists in fact
stripping a person of citizenship is a
rare occurrence in many parts of the
world so what does it actually take to
lose your citizenship well in most of
the world you are either granted
citizenship upon birth or you can
naturalize after immigration it is
almost always easier for naturalized
citizens to lose citizenship than for
those who are born into it however in
both cases there are very few offenses
serious enough to warrant relocation
outside of voluntarily renouncing your
own citizenship for naturalized citizens
in the u.s. it may be revoked for
illegally obtaining citizenship by not
fulfilling the necessary requirements
and by concealing or misrepresenting a
fact that would have originally
prevented citizenship this is called
denaturalization you can also lose
citizenship by being part of a
subversive organization which would
usually include any group advocating to
overthrow the US government or harm US
officials you can also lose your
citizenship for refusing to testify
before a congressional committee on your
supposed subversive activity following
World War two more than a hundred former
Nazis and others involved in war crimes
who had not disclosed their status were
stripped of their naturalized US
citizenship but for those who are born
into citizenship there are specific
actions which can cause one to lose it
however this is only when it's clear
that the action was done with the
intention of relinquishing it you will
lose your US citizenship if you join the
military of a country which is engaged
in hostilities with the US or achieve a
high rank within another non-hostile
country's military
additionally acts of treason which are
defined as partaking in conspiracy to
overthrow the government would qualify
for revoke a ssin in 2001 a man born in
Louisiana was captured in Afghanistan
allegedly fighting alongside the Taliban
against the United States the question
of whether to strip his citizenship on
the basis that he had joined a hostile
military was an important distinction as
he was detained from
multiple years by the United States
government without being charged
eventually he was deported to Saudi
Arabia on the condition that he agreed
to personally renounce his American
citizenship for most European countries
in addition to serving in another
country's military other potential cases
apply these include the loss of
citizenship by both parents if the
person in question is still a child or
if adopted by foreign citizens in some
countries like Japan if you are born
with dual citizenship you must renounce
the non-japanese one by the age of 22
but overall it's actually relatively
difficult to lose illegally acquired a
natural-born citizenship france's
potential amendment may resonate with
those hoping to stop terrorism but in
practice it seems unlikely to matter to
any potential terrorists there are over
10 million people around the world who
are not citizens of any country to learn
about what it means to be stateless
watch our video here stateless people
have almost no real rights as there's no
government to uphold them various
conventions have attempted to improve
the situation but without citizenship
most people can't vote go to school find
a job see a doctor get married or pretty
much anything else that requires an ID
they also see high rates of exploitation
violence and sexual assault thanks for
watching test-tube news everyone make
sure to LIKE and subscribe so you get
new videos from us every day
