in August 2015 United Nations
secretary-general ban ki-moon addressed
allegations of sexual abuse by UN
peacekeepers he called the abuses a
cancer in the system a number of reports
concerning sexual exploitation occurred
in the Central African Republic which is
currently undergoing a civil war but
what are UN peacekeepers even doing in
the middle of an active war zone what
exactly the UN peacekeepers do well
originally peacekeeping forces were
established to do just that keep the
peace after a ceasefire or resolution
was established in international
conflict this was especially important
during the Cold War where a neutral
party was necessary to avoid a small
conflict sparking World War 3 the first
peacekeeping mission was in 1948 when
the UN forces were sent to observe and
oversee the armistice agreement
following the arab-israeli war this
mission and others that soon followed
involved primarily unarmed troops so as
to avoid the potential for hostilities
the first deployment of armed forces was
during the Suez Crisis of 1956 UN
peacekeepers helped US and Soviet troops
force Israeli French and British
invaders out of Egypt it took until the
1960s however for the peacekeepers to
take on the role of armed peace
enforcers while the UN was working in
the Congo a coup against the first
democratically elected Congolese leader
led to his assassination in response UN
peacekeepers had to keep mercenaries out
of the country by use of armed force
this was called the blue helmets first
war named for the blue helmets
peacekeepers we're peacekeepers are not
simply an enforcement tool to implement
the UN's wishes but rather an impartial
force designated to solve conflicts at
the consent of all parties involved
additionally the United Nations doesn't
recruit and train these forces on its
own rather UN member states from across
the world contribute troops police and
military experts Bangladesh contributes
more personnel than any other country
with roughly 8,500 total members
Ethiopia contributes roughly a thousand
more troops but fewer personnel overall
India and Pakistan also provide nearly
8,000 members each in fact the majority
of peacekeepers come from the developing
world
by comparison the United States provides
only about 80 peacekeepers total many
countries benefit from contributing
peacekeepers as troops are often better
paid additionally UN peacekeepers are in
a considerably safer position than most
regular military personnel but despite
all the goods they bring the United
Nations has long been marred by sexual
abuse scandals a 1996 UN study showed
that children become victims of
prostitution at a higher rate when UN
peacekeepers arrive in countries like
the Congo and Kosovo UN peacekeepers
take advantage of post-conflict regions
to either use prostitutes or even rape
and torture unsuspecting victims many
say that despite the UN pushing for
prosecution of those offenders is not
nearly enough to effectively stop the
practice today there are 16 active
peacekeeping missions and 120
contributing nations with roughly
100,000 personnel and a budget of over 8
billion dollars the UN peacekeepers have
become an integral force in global
diplomatic efforts the United Nations is
a massive organization involving a
hundred and ninety three member nations
to learn more about the structure of the
UN and how it operates check out our
video here the Assembly meets annually
in September and debates issues on
security and diplomacy in 2015 the major
topic is climate change and helping
developing countries face the threat of
global warming thanks for watching
test-tube news everyone make sure to
LIKE and subscribe for new videos every
day
