since Poland's most recent election in
late 2015
rapid and potentially unconstitutional
changes have created severe tensions
within the European Union the new
conservative anti-eu ruling party in
Poland has already been faced with
threats of sanctions and a loss of
voting power so what exactly did Poland
do and why is it alarming the EU well to
put Poland into perspective it is the
largest economy in Central Europe
joining the EU marked an important
transition for the country away from
their authoritarian communist past
however following several years of
coalition efforts between liberal and
conservative parties in October 2015 the
right-wing Law and Justice Party won a
majority in parliament this was the
first time a single party held majority
power since the country restored
democracy in 1989 immediately after
gaining control the party pushed through
a number of changes first they dismissed
and replaced five recently appointed
constitutional judges soon after they
passed a law reorganizing the
Constitutional Court forcing a
two-thirds majority for changes this
directly conflicts with the
constitutional requirement of a simple
majority that made it considerably more
difficult to change new legislation
passed by the law and justice controlled
Parliament Poland also passed a new
media law which replaced the
administration of the nation's public
television and radio broadcasters with a
former law and just as member of
parliament this series of new laws was
quickly met with opposition from the
Polish public with tens of thousands of
citizens protesting in December of 2015
moreover the President of the European
Parliament referred to the shift as
being similar to a coup other members of
the EU have discussed imposing sanctions
on Poland however neighboring Hungary
has dismissed the possibility as they
would refuse to take part in a unanimous
vote to sanction this is particularly
important as Hungary has also come under
fire in recent years for its own media
restructuring laws which many say mirror
Poland's current crisis the strongest
rebuke has come from Germany as Poland's
largest trading partner it accounts for
nearly a quarter of both exports and
imports and responds polish media has
compared German Chancellor Angela Merkel
to a dog
they're suggesting that Germany is
seeking to control Poland as they did in
World War two by early January 2016 the
European Commission began an
investigation on the basis of article 7
of the Treaty of Lisbon the states that
if a member of the EU seriously breaches
the union's values they can be stripped
of their voting rights as the
controversy continues it is likely that
the EU will take action either legal or
diplomatic to end what is considered
Poland's violation of constitutional
ballots with Poland's Parliament
currently unopposed the law and justice
party may be ushering in a new
conservative era in Polish politics what
happens in Poland has the ability to
shift the balance of the European Union
largely due to their economic and
political influence to find out just how
powerful Poland truly is check out our
video here well for starters Poland
takes up about a hundred twenty thousand
square miles with a population of 40
million this ranks them 6th in the
European Union for both Poland is also
the most populous of the post-soviet
satellite states having actively
surpassed pre 1989 standards of living
thanks for watching test-tube news don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos every day
