before the 20th century Democrats
advocated for free unregulated markets
and they were even pro-slavery but today
Democrats are seen as the party of
social support and justice so what
exactly do Democrats believe well the
modern Democratic Party traces its roots
to the progressive President Franklin D
Roosevelt at the height of the Great
Depression Roosevelt created Social
Security and other big government
programs meant to protect the unemployed
in the working poor through government
sponsored public works projects he
created jobs and opportunities for those
suffering from the stock market crash
today Democrats still believe in the
power of government to provide a just
and equal society Democrats advocate
stricter government regulation on big
business and larger participation in the
social safety net in March 2010
President Obama signed the Affordable
Care Act into law thereby increasing
access to health care via government
subsidies and decreasing the power of
private insurers he has also increased
government subsidies for low-income
families and even rolled out a program
providing free internet the party also
champions the middle class and has
generally supported labor movements and
unions they do this by promoting
progressive tax plans in which wealthier
members of society pay a higher
percentage on their income than the poor
or middle class however this isn't
always the case President Obama recently
signed the trans-pacific partnership or
TPP which Democratic candidate Bernie
Sanders has said will likely undercut US
workers on social issues Democrats are
seen as being open to societal change
often helping those who face
discrimination and poverty although they
generally oppose undocumented
immigration they believe that the
government should help those who want to
emigrate while focusing on deporting
dangerous criminals the Democratic Party
considers itself an ally for LGBT causes
citing the president's support for
same-sex marriage in addition they
believe in a proper separation of church
and state along with stricter gun
control laws and while both Republicans
and Democrats have advocated for a
strong military Democrats in particular
preferred diplomatic cooperation and
collaboration over military force the
party platform
sighs restoring America's image by
restoring a relationship with its allies
there are a wide variety of views within
the Democratic Party though just look at
the differences between Hillary Clinton
and Bernie Sanders but generally
Democrats tend to take a left-leaning
position by American standards
advocating equal opportunity through
government regulation and oversight
speaking of Hillary Clinton and Bernie
Sanders do you want to find out more
about the u.s. presidential candidates
did a rundown of each one here
despite his 16-year tenure as Vermont's
only House Representative followed by
his eight years as US senator Sanders is
still considered somewhat of an outcast
in Washington his long-standing voting
record has regularly been at odds with
the dominating political climate he has
voted against the 2002 Iraq war
resolution the Patriot Act the Bush era
tax cuts for the wealthy and the 1996
defensive Marriage Act
thanks for watching test-tube news
everyone make sure you subscribe so you
don't miss out on all our new videos
