in 2015 Iran the UN Security Council and
the European Union finally reached an
agreement on Iran's nuclear
proliferation Western powers decided to
lift the sanctions that have devastated
Iran's economy if Iran makes severe cuts
to its nuclear program many have opposed
this deal because Iran has repeatedly
gone back on its promises to halt
nuclear development so we wanted to know
who makes sure Iran will stick to the
rules who are the world's nuclear
watchdogs well in 1957 the International
Atomic Energy Agency formed in Vienna to
promote the peaceful use of newly
developed atomic energy the IAEA is part
of the United Nations and acts as the de
facto nuclear watchdog their primary
duty is to enforce the 1968 nuclear
non-proliferation treaty under the
treaty most countries aren't allowed to
have nuclear weapons but these
non-nuclear countries still have the
right to use nuclear technology as an
energy resource this is where
inspections come in the IAEA doesn't
just investigate countries that threaten
to breach the treaty like Iran every
nation which has ratified the treaty is
subject to compliance inspections to
make sure that their uranium Energy
Development doesn't turn into a uranium
weapons program about 850 people from 95
different countries work in the IAEA s
Department of safeguards and in 2014 the
team carried out more than 2,700 infield
inspections so what do these inspectors
do essentially inspectors look for any
irregularities in plant reactors that
would point to non-compliance
fissionable materials like plutonium 239
uranium 233 and certain other forms of
enriched uranium set off major red flags
as they could be used to create a
nuclear weapon they also inspect
facility records and verify statements
made about on-site activities to put it
another way inspectors are part
scientist part diplomat and part
detective sound complicated it is
inspectors are generally nuclear
physicists and engineers who are
selected from a large pool of applicants
new inspectors go through a two-year
training cycle that includes written
oral and on-site examinations about
international law and nuclear equipment
these inspectors are constantly
traveling between countries and usually
spent up to a hundred days a year on the
road although the Cold War is over and
the threat of nuclear war is
considerably diminished it is still
important to keep track of and regulate
the deadliest weapons ever nuclear
watchdogs play a huge part in keeping
the world all in one piece if
international political tensions were to
escalate further which countries
actually have the nuclear weapons that
could lead to a nuclear war find out in
our video as of now there are eight
states known to have nuclear weapons and
they fall into two categories countries
that have signed the treaty on the
non-proliferation of nuclear weapons or
NPT and countries that have not the US
Russia the UK France and China all have
nuclear bombs and have all signed the
NPT thanks for watching test-tube news
everyone be sure to LIKE and subscribe
so you get new videos from us every day
