in October 2015
Turkey saw the worst terrorist attack in
its modern history with over a hundred
people estimated killed in the days
following the attack mass protests
erupted against the Turkish government
and in particular president Recep aired
o on and while he may not have been
responsible
he has been widely criticized for
increasing authoritarian measures some
have even called him a dictator
so how has Turkey changed under air21
well the leader has been in power within
the Turkish government since being
elected prime minister in 2003 his
Islamist conservative political
background had many opponents worried
that he may violate Turkey's
constitutional secularity however the
majority of his rule has been a
combination of affecting economic and
foreign policy along with government
scandal corruption and censorship from
2003 to 2014 era da'wah negotiated for
turkeys inclusion into the European
Union and helped pull the country out of
an economic crash in the early 2000s he
also heavily invested in infrastructure
particularly focusing on transportation
he even attempted to negotiate a peace
settlement with the Kurdish population
which has long fought for independence
however fighting resumed again in 2004
with few breaks in the time since
Turkey's economic health gradually
improved from a GDP of about 300 billion
dollars in 2003 to 800 billion in 2014
however the unemployment rate slightly
increased and child poverty in the
country rose to include nearly
two-thirds of Turkish children but air
diwan's biggest criticisms have not been
economic 2013 saw protests against
government corruption and bribery in
which air Dhawan himself was
incriminated in a recording telling his
son to hide financial evidence
the Turkish government blocked Twitter
Facebook and YouTube among other sites
although some restrictions have been
lifted turkey's reputation as one of the
most censored countries continues in
2012 and 2013 it ranked as the worst
jailer of journalists in the world while
the bribery scandal saw many from heir
to one's party arrested including close
colleagues the Prime Minister enacted
major reforms on the judicial branch
many appoints to this as an attempt to
discredit the judicial authority that
would have judged him further scandals
most recently in 2014 included
accusations that the Turkish government
supplying Syrian rebels with weapons
during the Syrian civil war
this was after trucks which were listed
as carrying humanitarian aid were
discovered to have been filled with
mortars shells and bullets still in 2014
air Doan was elected president with 52%
of the vote that year US Vice President
Joe Biden accused Turkey in other
countries of financially supporting Isis
for which he later apologized and
although Turkey did start to fight Isis
in 2015 it was discovered that there
were direct relations between Turkish
officials and Isis members while air
Doan has done considerable good for
Turkey his rule has been marred by
unethical and corrupt behavior it's
clear that turkey stance on the world
stage has slowly been slipping with EU
membership in increasing uncertainty but
as president air Dhawan's legacy gets
dirtier and dirtier there's no question
that it'll have a profound effect on
Turkey's legacy - besides the issue of
Turkish officials being connected to
Isis there's also rising concerns that
the terrorist group might try to take
over Turkey watch this video to learn
more the most recent video is mostly
relevant because it comes as a response
to turkey's actions against isis after
isis bombed the turkish city of Suroosh
turkish forces launched a broad campaign
against terrorism in recent years turkey
has done very little to address Isis's
actions along the border despite a
number of attacks thanks for watching
make sure to LIKE and subscribe for new
videos every day
you
