in September 2015 the current Speaker of
the House John Boehner announced that he
would be resigning to everyone's
surprise his expected replacement House
Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy declared
that he was dropping out of the race
the next most likely candidate
Congressman Paul Ryan has repeatedly
stated that he's not going to run so
what exactly is this position that
nobody seems to won just what does the
Speaker of the House do
well in many other countries the role of
Speaker is also called the presiding
officer this person has a number of
duties but primarily they're supposed to
moderate debate on the legislative floor
in the United States its existence is
delegated by article 1 of the
Constitution and technically anybody who
Congress chooses can be the speaker
including non politicians this role is
also the highest-ranking legislative
position and come second in the line of
presidential succession this means that
if the president and vice president die
the speaker would become the president
but while the speaker has certain
ceremonial and administrative duties
their real job is deciding which bills
are allowed to be discussed and voted on
in other countries this role is
intentionally given to a non partisan
member so that political affiliation
doesn't derail the ability to bring
issues to the table but in the United
States the speaker is a hotly political
and partisan role which means that
whoever holds it has the ability to
shift focus along party lines this is
largely the result of the speaker being
selected by the majority party in the
house and they're expected to
essentially represent their party this
is important when attempting to pass
legislation in the face of majority
shift an example of this is how Congress
rushed to pass Obamacare while Nancy
Pelosi
a Democrat was Speaker of the House had
they waited until the congressional
elections Boehner would have been in
power and certainly blocked the bill
from reaching the floor in 2013 when
Obama wanted to pass funding for the
Health Care Act Boehner and other
Republicans in the House literally shut
down the entire government in protest
the speaker also appoints a majority of
the Rules Committee which is considered
one of the most powerful committees in
Congress essentially this committee
decides exactly how the house can vote
for a bill and under what rules to
debate it this has the power to shift a
bill's intentions
and is usually aligned with the majority
party in the speaker by dictating which
bills are seen and influencing the
specifics of how the bills can be
debated and voted on the speaker is an
extremely powerful position in some ways
it can even rival the presidency but
soon the position will be up for grabs a
big part of the reason is that many feel
the Republican Party is split along
moderate and extreme lines and while
they hold a majority in the house they
would not manage a majority of votes
with such an important role to fill
it'll be interesting to see how House
Republicans solve this potential crisis
and who steps up to the plate while the
Speaker of the House may rival the
presidency Obama has aggressively pushed
through a great deal of legislation in
his last year to find out why check out
our video well a lame duck is an elected
official who won't be re-elected to
office but still must serve out the
remainder of their term the label
applies to any second term president but
is especially relevant after an opposing
candidate wins the election thanks for
watching test-tube news make sure to
LIKE and subscribe for new videos every
day
