since President Obama's Affordable
Health Care Act was passed in 2010
Congress has done everything they can to
stop it
they even shut down the government for
two weeks but the reason Obamacare
exists in the first place is due to
astronomically high health care costs in
fact the number one reason Americans
file for bankruptcy is due to medical
bills so why exactly is US health care
so expensive well health care in the
United States is very different from
health care in the rest of the world the
u.s. is one of the only developed
countries without universal health care
for its citizens oftentimes care is
treated as a commodity rather than a
necessity
instead of prices being set by procedure
costs hospitals and insurance companies
negotiate the prices that are based on
bargaining power meanwhile patients have
almost no influence on the cost
considering that there is often no
alternative to being treated but some
have pointed out that unlike other
commodities health care costs tend to
rise without ever going down leading to
a perpetually increasing price point one
of the reasons for this is that
hospitals are responsible for treating
uninsured patients the cost of their
treatment is passed on to insured
patients and is tacked on to their care
additionally US hospitals spend
considerably more than any other country
on administrative costs doctors also
earn more for the same procedures than
in other countries even drug costs are
higher as the US does not negotiate drug
purchases in both from top to bottom
health care suppliers charge Americans
more money
however alongside providers being
overcharged some higher costs can be
blamed on Americans themselves in the
u.s. preventative care is less stressed
and as such Americans don't go to the
doctor until they absolutely have to for
example in other countries citizens
avoid heart attacks by visiting the
doctor more frequently and even when
they do get heart attacks they are less
likely to receive costly open-heart
surgery but in the US doctors make more
money for performing certain procedures
thus there is an incentive to push
expensive and sometimes unnecessary
surgeries sadly despite spending
considerably more on health care than
any other nation on earth the u.s. is
one of the worst health care systems
among developed nations in an
international profile of worldwide
health care the US has ranked dead last
when compared to similar nations
although the Affordable Care Act is in
effect insurance and pharmaceutical
companies are still ranking in billions
why Americans suffer from a lower
standard of care because health care is
so expensive many Americans are crossing
borders to get dental care heard surgery
and more as are millions of other people
around the world find out more in this
video right here countries are actually
competing for medical tourists in Japan
the government is instituting new
policies that will help increase the
number of hospitals accepting foreign
patients well why the industry is said
to be worth up to fifty five billion
dollars thanks for watching test-tube
make sure to LIKE and subscribe to watch
new videos daily
