on September 7th 2015 Eritrea accused
its neighbor Ethiopia of ratcheting up
threats of invasion for a large part of
their history the two nations have been
in constant conflict with each other so
why do you Eritrea and Ethiopia hate
each other well originally Eritrea
emerged as an Italian colony during the
1800s Western Scramble for Africa in
exchange for support Ethiopia granted
some of their territories to Italy
leading to what was then known as
Italian Eritrea the colony flourished
over several decades and Eritrea became
culturally distinct from neighboring
Ethiopia but in the 1930s Italy began
expanding its reach throughout Africa
and invaded Ethiopia fairly easily
seizing control however World War Two
proved disastrous for Italy because
Ethiopia has supported the Allies during
the war they were granted independence
by the British with Eritrea operating
under the federal authority of Ethiopia
but with some level of autonomy but
Ethiopia's ruler imposed a number of
restrictions on Eritrea and an attempt
to isolate and remove the power of their
government finally in 1962 Eritrea's
Parliament was dissolved and the country
was invaded by Ethiopia this officially
initiated the Eritrean war of
independence though some had already
been fighting since a year earlier this
were lasted for 30 years and effectively
destroyed any positive relationship
between the two countries their
economies collapsed and 100,000 people
were killed during the war Ethiopia's
government was replaced by a military
honto which authorized the massacre and
destruction of numerous Eritrean
villages an Eritrean holiday known as
martyrs Day on June 20th pays homage to
the war debt every year after decades of
fighting Ethiopia's government was again
overthrown this time by internal
Ethiopian rebels this effectively ended
the war and Eritrea finally voted for
its independence however 30 years of
violence left thousands of displaced
people and high tensions between both
nations barely seven years after the end
of the war Eritrea's new ruler felt his
power waning and attempted to annex an
important Ethiopian border village on
the basis of re-establishing official
borders
although international powers like the
United Nations helped both sides agree
to a tense but compromised peace some
80,000 people died during the two-year
border war in 2005 during peacetime a UN
Commission ruled that Eritrea had
violated international law in their
earlier border annexation attempts
sparking immediate remilitarization of
the border by both countries today they
continue to standoff and have had
multiple border skirmishes in the last
decade the years of violence have left
these countries among the poorest in the
world with highly restrictive
governments and severe human rights
abuses both governments have used this
as an opportunity to crack down on
dissent jail journalists and severely
restrict civil liberties after so much
death and destruction and a currently
ongoing border dispute it is exceedingly
unlikely that the region will see true
peace in the coming years besides
threatening to invade Eritrea Ethiopia
also has a high degree of corruption and
has come under accusations from many
human rights organizations to find out
more watch this video around 30 percent
of the population lives below the
poverty line and only a small handful of
government and business officials hold
significant wealth several watchdog
organizations attribute the wealth
disparity to widespread corruption
thanks for watching test-tube don't
forget to Like and subscribe for new
videos daily
