the migrant crisis has resulted in
millions of Middle Eastern and North
African refugees seeking asylum in
Europe refugees have faced hostility
from nationalist groups despite having a
number of international protections so
what rights to refugees have first it's
important to clarify who falls into this
category refugees and asylum seekers are
those who have been displaced from their
home countries due to unforeseeable
circumstances like war or cultural
persecution the term refugee is simply
another name for asylum seekers whose
asylum application has been approved
additionally the term migrant applies to
all those travelling between countries
including economic refugees fortunately
for Refugees the United Nations defines
a number of rights to protect and care
for vulnerable migrants those rights
were outlined in the UN's 1951 Refugee
Convention which was originally created
to help Europe cope with millions of
stateless people following World War two
according to the convention if a
displaced person faces persecution on
the basis of their beliefs or identity
they are legally allowed to enter a
foreign country to ask for asylum
additionally this host country is not
allowed to send them back to their home
state if their life or freedom would be
threatened these situations are often
the result of war or genocide which
displays large numbers of people
however unrelated events like natural
disasters or generalized violence do not
qualify victims for refugee status but
the law does not stop at protecting a
refugees life the United Nations also
mandates that countries must respect a
refugees well-being refugees have the
right to access the courts to primary
education to work and to obtain identity
cards countries are also encouraged to
provide refugees with other welfare
services and to ensure the unity of a
refugees family nearly all services
available to legal immigrants are also
available to refugees in the United
States they are eligible for Social
Security food stamps Medicare section 8
public housing and many more aid
programs across Europe the extent of
refugee aid varies widely but many have
automatic access to financial aid and
shelter in the UK if you are recognized
as a
yuuji you will be entitled to the same
social and economic rights as UK
citizens however refugees arriving in
Europe are constricted by the Dublin
regulation which states that asylum
seekers must apply for asylum in the
first country of arrival this is
generally to prevent them from sending
out multiple applications and to ensure
their claim is dealt with quickly in one
country at a time however in August 2015
Germany lifted this restriction on
Verint allowing in any Syrian refugees
while refugees may be temporarily
stateless and helpless the international
community has made it clear that they
must be given legitimate opportunities
to survive in the face of persecution
although critics have voiced concerns
that the incoming wave of migrants
threatens their country our way of life
there are few arguments to be made
against assisting those who are actively
in danger
in fact some sources say that incoming
refugees can have major long-term
benefits in innovation and business for
host countries while there are some
questions as to how European countries
will deal with the flood of asylum
seekers there is no question as to the
validity of their rights we've talked
about rights of refugees but what about
the right to asylum how does that work
get the tidbits by watching this video
historically those accused of crimes
would hide in churches where one could
not be harmed without facing the wrath
of God in 511 ad this right to asylum
for murderers adulterers and thieves was
codified in French law this is one of
the reasons that churches are referred
to as sanctuaries thanks for watching
test-tube news remember to Like and
subscribe so you don't miss any one of
them
