on March 30th 2018 Israeli military
forces opened fire on Palestinian
protesters along its southern border
with the Gaza Strip resulting in the
deaths of nearly two dozen people making
it the deadliest day in the
israeli-palestinian conflict since a
2014 war inside the territory ezreal
defends its actions saying was
preventing a mass crossing of its
southern border and protecting Israelis
and surrounding towns but the country is
still being criticized by world leaders
for what they are saying is the use of
excessive force international
organizations are calling for a full
transparent and independent
investigation into the killings but how
did this all come about in the first
place
hi I'm Judah with now this world and in
today's episode we're going to explain
why the march of return protests are
happening in Gaza to be clear according
to the international community the
Palestinian territories include the West
Bank the Gaza Strip and East Jerusalem
for the sake of this specific story we
are only going to focus on Gaza to
understand what these march of return
protesters want we first need to take a
look back at a brief history of this
complex recent origins in 1948 the State
of Israel was established the move
marked the beginning of the creation of
a national home for the Jewish people in
the aftermath of the Holocaust
however the declaration sent shockwaves
throughout the Middle East launching
what would later be known as the
arab-israeli war this period of time
would be remembered and referred to by
Palestinians as a Yacouba or the
catastrophe the 1948 war sparked a
refugee crisis it uprooted nearly
700,000 Palestinians from their homes
forcing them to seek refuge in other
Arab nations more than seven million
Palestinians are refugees today if you
count those displaced by the 1948 war
and their descendants and they contend
that they have the right to return to
their ancestral towns and villages some
of those refugees settled in Gaza which
was taken over by Egypt during the war
according to the United Nations about
1.3 million people living in Gaza are
Palestinian refugees Egypt control Gaza
until the six-day war broke out in 1967
during this war Israel took control of
Gaza in the Sinai Peninsula from Egypt
among other territories Israel ruled
Gaza for the years to come
Israeli troops were stationed there and
the government allowed Israelis to
settle in the strip of land until 2005
then Israeli prime minister Ariel
sharone agreed to withdraw troops from
Gaza and forcibly remove settlers from
the land in 2006 elections were held in
the Palestinian territory and the victor
Hamas a group considered by Israel the
United States in the European Union to
be a terrorist organization
Israel considers Hamas a terrorist
organization because the group has been
known to call for the total destruction
of Israel altogether while the political
wing of Hamas runs the territory and has
set up social services and food banks
for those in Gaza the armed militant
wing called the ayahs LD no kisum's
Brigade has consistently and
indiscriminately launched missiles
across Israel's border this is why
beginning in 2007 Israel imposed a harsh
blockade on the strip of land
restricting all access to the territory
by land air and sea the move cut off the
flow of goods and supplies to the nearly
2 million people living there which
brings us back to the current protests
on the morning of March 30th Palestinian
organizers bus men women and children
near the Israeli Gaza border to begin
six weeks of peaceful protests these
demonstrations organized to begin on the
42nd anniversary of what Palestinians
called land day were supposed to take
place 700 yards away from the border
land day rallies commemorate the events
of March 30th 1976 when Israeli forces
shot and killed six Arab citizens of
Israel during strikes by Palestinian
citizens meant to protest the Israeli
government's confiscation of thousands
of acres of Palestinian lands in the
Galilee region then on the last day of
the six-week protests a day Palestinians
called out Napa protesters plan to march
closer towards the Israeli border the
gathering put Israel on edge because
they say they were unsure whether
protesters or members of the brigade
would attempt to cross their border
before the demonstrations even began
Israel said that protests were dangerous
and blamed Hamas for any violence that
might occur and even though Palestinian
organizers warned protesters to stay
away from getting too close to the
Israeli border some did anyway as
hundreds of activists gathered near the
frontier of the border a small group
began throwing stones fire bombs and
setting fire to tires that's when the
Israelis said they responded with riot
controlling methods including snipers
who began firing on demonstrate
according to Palestinian officials at
least 21 protesters have been killed and
over 750 happened shot by Israeli
soldiers Israel claims that soldiers
reacted proportionately saying they
prevented a mass breach of its southern
border the military claims that some of
those shot during the protests had shot
at Israeli soldiers the military also
accuses Hamas of quote cynically
exploiting women and children by sending
them to the front lines
Hamas has rejected these claims saying
it was quote lies aimed at justifying
the massacres videos captured by
Palestinians near the border have raised
concerns of excessive use of force by
the military this video shows a man
running holding a tire seemingly not
posing a threat to soldiers and goes on
to show him being shot by an Israeli
sniper Human Rights Watch a leading NGO
says that the killings were quote
unlawful calculated and even asserted
that a senior Israeli official gave
soldiers permission to use live
ammunition against unarmed demonstrators
the international community including
the United Nations and the European
Union have called for a transparent and
independent investigation into the
military's use of force but so far
Israel has rejected these requests
saying its soldiers quote did what
needed to be done protests are scheduled
to continue until May and as can be
expected
tensions will remain high we will be
sure to monitor the situation and bring
you updates as the story develops
