over 100 of bin Laden's personal
documents were released by US
intelligence in March 2016 within them
bin Laden talks in great detail about
his desires fears and frustrations
relating to al-qaeda and trying to
establish an Islamic state
something that Isis has claimed to have
since created in Syria some who have
analyzed the letters also feel they
provide invaluable insight into why Isis
will eventually fail so what exactly did
bin Laden's letters have to say about
the Islamic state well the majority of
the letters were written after 9/11 when
bin Laden was in hiding in Pakistan he
was extremely wary about establishing an
Islamic State for fear of a US attack
saying even though we were able to
militarily and economically exhaust and
weaken our greatest enemy before and
after the 11th the enemy continues to
possess the ability to topple any state
we establish therefore the more we can
conduct operations against America the
closer we get to uniting our efforts to
establish an Islamic state for bin Laden
establishing an Islamic state simply
couldn't happen unless the US was out of
the picture Isis by contrast have
invested the majority of its interest in
seizing territory in Iraq and Syria in
order to establish a Sunni Islamic state
though this may change given the fact
that the US and other allies have
stepped up their attacks on the terror
group exactly the reaction bin Laden had
feared with a potential al-qaeda State
in another letter he stresses that
jihadi fighters should avoid publicizing
brutality in order to win supporters
saying they should avoid publishing
pictures of prisoners after they were
beheaded which is again in stark
contrast to the way Isis present
themselves releasing grotesquely violent
videos of prisoners being killed yet
current al-qaeda members haven't exactly
followed all of their former leaders
instructions either in a correspondence
with one high-level al-qaeda commander
bin Laden insists that their fighters
should refrain from using violence
against other Muslims again to win
support commenting Muslims in general
and the Mujahideen in particular need to
hear you cautioning them on the serious
matter of shedding
Muslim blood unjustly now al-qaeda has
condemned Isis who have killed thousands
of Muslims both Sunni and Shia yet this
attitude is hypocritical given that
al-qaeda has also been accused of doing
the same but this kind of backhand force
also speaks to a brutal rivalry that has
emerged between al Qaeda and Isis in
recent years as the two networks compete
for funding prestige and recruits
according to one CIA officer in the
Middle East bin Laden was in fact
terrified of a jihadist civil war
fearing that fighting with allies would
weaken al-qaeda which to some extent it
has and by seizing control of territory
in Syria and Iraq Isis has superseded
al-qaeda as the more domineering jihadi
group the question is for how long as
bin Laden wrote back in 2010 if a
controlling force that enjoys the
support of the majority where it has
taken control fails to provide for the
basic needs of the people it will lose
their support though Isis has gained
control of cities like Mosul there are
numerous reports that they are unable to
maintain and win the support of
residents and of course it's largely
because of the violence but in part it's
also because their finances are
dwindling coalition airstrikes global
oil prices falling and the supply cuts
by the Iraqi government have diminished
funds leading to heavy taxation and
inflation across Isis territory
according to reports some food items
have doubled and even tripled in price
since the end of 2015 and bin Laden's
words certainly seen to have a prophetic
truth to them as many residents and even
former fighters have started fleeing
Isis controlled territories perhaps that
is what makes these letters so important
as the former leader of one of the most
prolific terror groups in existence
bin Laden's words provide insights into
the fears failures and weaknesses of a
terrorist organization insights that
could prove invaluable in the fight
against Isis we dedicated a whole
episode exploring why Isis and al-qaeda
hate each other you can click here to
watch this video right now
al Qaeda is predominantly focused on
taking down the United States which they
see as the main backer of anti Islamic
or falsely Islamic groups in the Middle
East and don't forget to subscribe for
more videos thanks for watching
you
