in March 2016
millions of Brazilian residents took to
the streets in the largest ever public
outcry against their President Dilma
Rousseff the latest scandal surrounding
Rousseff involves the appointment of the
former Brazilian President to a
high-ranking cabinet position the former
president known as Lula da Silva is
facing corruption and money laundering
charges and Rousseff's appointment would
grant him protection from prosecution
protesters along with a large portion of
the Brazilian Congress are calling for
the removal of Rousseff from office
Congress has even begun impeachment
proceedings so why does Brazil hate
their president
well since President Rousseff began her
second term in 2014 her approval rating
has plummeted reaching an all-time low
of under 10 percent many citizens blame
her for brazil's recent economic
downturn which is its worst since the
1930s Great Depression in 2015 the
country's GDP fell by almost 4 percent
while the value of its currency dropped
by roughly a quarter Brazilians have
paid roughly 10 percent more for
consumer goods every year since Rousseff
took office in 2011 an inflation is now
at its highest rate since 2003 experts
say if Brazil's economy continues to
fail at the current rate the country
will face a full-blown depression by
many Brazilians attribute this to bad
policy corruption and frivolous spending
on the part of Rousseff and her leftist
Workers Party under Rousseff the state
has spent lavishly on social programs
and massive infrastructure projects that
have gone over budget or were never
completed brazil's already struggling
economy sunk even further after the 2014
Petrobras scandal in which public
officials pocketed millions from
fraudulent contracts with the state-run
oil giant Rousseff has never been
directly linked to that scandal though
she is strongly suspected to foul play
as she was the company's chairwoman
during the period in question
moreover almost every alleged or
convicted offender is part of her
governing coalition this includes her
former campaign manager and her recent
appointment to cabinet Lula da Silva who
hand-picked Rousseff as his successor
Rousseff was roped even further into the
scandal in March 2016 his allegations
surfaced that she had appointed a
justice to Brazil's Supreme Court
ostensibly to release jailed executives
but perhaps the lowest point of
Rousseff's presidency was in December
2015 when Congress began impeachment
proceedings against her according to her
accusers Rousseff's 2014 presidential
win was invalid as her campaign was
allegedly funded through illegally
required assets Rousseff is also being
cited for covering up massive budget
gaps with funds from public banks
essentially creating the illusion of a
functioning economy while carrying out
poor economic policies Rousseff has
denied any involvement in the Petrobras
scandal and claims she is committed to
fighting corruption and strengthening
Brazil's economy and although her
approval rating continues to dwindle
Rousseff does have a small but vocal
group of supporters they say she is a
scapegoat for brazil's extraneous
economic problems like falling commodity
prices and less demand from China
experts say that Congress's case against
Rousseff is not strong enough to
successfully remove her from office so
whether they like it or not Brazilians
may likely see another two years of
President Rousseff but the president
isn't the only source of corruption in
Brazil learn more about how corrupt the
hosts of the 2016 Olympics really are by
watching this video up top you can also
learn more about the Olympics themselves
and just how much of a disaster they've
turned out to be for Brazil by watching
the video down below thanks for watching
test-tube news everyone make sure you
like and subscribe so you get all of our
videos every day
