the 2016 presidential race is already
awash in money on a historic scale more
than ever candidates are running on
large undisclosed donations known as
dark money so what is dark money and how
does it influence our elections well any
election funding that comes from groups
who don't need to disclose their donors
is described as dark money shady donor
groups generally come in two forms
politically active nonprofits like
Social Welfare and trade organizations
or limited liability corporations known
as LLC's like super PACs dark money
groups can funnel an unlimited amount of
money to any political cause or
candidate because of their position in
the federal tax code however they are
not required to publicly disclose the
source of that money this particular tax
exemption has existed for more than a
century it only applies to organizations
that quote further the common good and
general welfare of the community the law
was later amended to include political
causes but these organizations still had
to devote at least half of their budget
to actual Social Welfare with this
somewhat unclear language political
groups are able to get away with mass
amounts of unregulated and unreported
campaign spending as long as they're
registered as a 501 C 4 before 2010 dark
money groups could not legally spend
donor money on advocacy communications
like TV ads promoting a political
candidate or cause but that all changed
with the citizens united Supreme Court
decision which not only removed the cap
on political donations but freed up
corporations and nonprofits to funnel
money into political communication that
year the IRS saw a sharp increase in 501
C 4 applications and campaign
contributions from nonprofits
overwhelming their ability to
effectively regulate them the IRS has
since attempted to rewrite the tax code
to prevent further abuses but their
efforts have been repeatedly blocked by
the republican-led Senate this is likely
why the 2012 presidential election saw
more dark money expenditures than any
u.s. election in history in 2012
political nonprofits like the Koch
brothers as Americans for Prosperity
spent more than 300 million dollars in
total to
to their preferred candidate by
comparison less than 70 million dollars
came from the dark money groups in the
2008 election and experts predicted that
the 2016 cycle will seem more
undisclosed funding than ever before in
fact as of November of 2015
roughly five million dark money dollars
had already been spent which is more
than ten times the amount spent at that
same point during the 2012 cycle dark
money spending is multiplying and
thriving to benefit candidates on both
ends of the political spectrum that said
in 2012 conservative dark money groups
spent about eight times more than their
liberal counterparts and Republican
politicians have since rallied against
regulations on campaign spending
particularly from nonprofits whether
these groups will get a return on their
investment in the 2016 election is yet
to be seen to learn more about the other
side of unlimited election funding you
can watch this video up top about super
PACs and if you want to know how morals
influence your political beliefs check
out this video from our friends over at
fig one thanks for watching test-tube
news everyone make sure you like and
subscribe so you get new videos from us
every day
