in February 2016 two female suicide
bombers from the terrorist group Boko
Haram killed 58 people at a camp in
northern Nigeria the victims were among
the more than 50,000 people seeking
refuge from the terrorist organization
which was recently named the deadliest
in the world by the global terrorism
index on average Boko Haram's attacks
are twice as deadly as the Islamic
States however they've only received
about a fifth of the media coverage and
considerably less Western military
intervention so why has so much been
done to stop Isis but not Boko Haram
Boko Haram's name loosely translates to
Western education is forbidden
in 2002 the group gained popularity by
exploiting public frustration with
Nigeria's corrupt and increasingly
westernizing government Boko Haram
attacks were mostly small and unreported
until 2009 when a violent uprising
shifted the group into jihadist
extremism the terrorist organization is
often compared to Isis as both are
inspired by Wahhabism an
ultraconservative extremist branch of
Sunni Islam in fact Boko Haram pledged
allegiance to Isis in March 2015 as a
way to further expand and legitimize
their terror operation attacks by Boko
Haram are generally more deadly than
those by Isis as the group is known to
target crowded areas like schools or
markets in fact in 2014 Boko Haram
carried out about half as many attacks
as Isis but killed roughly 600 more
people in total that same year the group
kidnapped nearly 300 Nigerian
schoolgirls sparking a global campaign
to save them but overall world leaders
have united to fight Isis in just 10
months the u.s. spent more than 2.7
billion dollars on the war against Isis
that's compared to roughly 50 million
dollars and a few dozen armored vehicles
to fight Boko Haram overall the Islamic
state also trims Foucault's haram in
terms of global media coverage when Isis
and Boko Haram each committed an act of
mass terrorism in early January 2015
according to in Washington Post analysis
America's news outlets published more
than 3200 articles mentioning Isis
but only about 500 mentioning Boko Haram
yet Boko Haram killed as many as 2,000
people in their attack compared to 17
deaths as a result of Isis during the
same time period all things considered
our question remains why isn't there
more military and media attention
focused on Boko Haram
well it sounds overly simple but Western
media is predominantly concerned with
Western issues Isis has threatened
Europe and the US and is linked to
attacks in 20 countries outside Iraq and
Syria Boko Haram on the other hand is
localized to West Africa where there's
considerably less Western involvement
and while the US has an enduring
military and economic stake in Iraq and
Syria the same just can't be said for
Nigeria Boko Haram shocked the world
when it kidnapped more than 300 young
girls from a Nigerian school to learn
more about that attack and more about
the group's deadly mission watch the
video at the top and to learn more about
why Boko Haram pledged its allegiance to
Isis check out the video at the bottom
thanks for watching test-tube news make
sure to LIKE and subscribe for new
videos every day
