being injured on the job can be
devastating more so if your job involves
physical labor and you need to take time
to recover
but what if at a time when you need help
the most you're left with no resources
of compensation what do you do
check out this Web doc to learn how one
stripper took on the system and what
that means for the rest of us it was
July 23rd 2008 an exotic dancer by the
name of Leandra Lewis was working the
boom-boom room in Columbia South
Carolina when suddenly a gunfight
during the uproar a stray bullet flew
across the club and hit miss Lewis in
the abdomen now this isn't the beginning
of some murder mystery miss Lewis
survived but the gunshot left her with
some really serious injuries unable to
work she decided to file a claim for
workers compensation but Miss Lewis was
denied at least she was at first at a
hearing in 2012 the Supreme Court of
South Carolina ruled that Miss Lewis was
an independent contractor and not an
employee which meant that the boom-boom
room didn't have to pay her a dime in
compensation
miss Lewis appealed in 2015 and after a
lot of back and forth between the club
and the claimant the court ultimately
decided that Miss Lewis was in fact an
employee and she won her compensation
yes this story might be a sensational
one but aside from the strip clubs and
gunfights at its core is a problem that
is affecting millions of hardworking
Americans it highlights how many workers
are being denied critical benefits all
because they are classified as
contractors and not employees in the age
of the on-demand economy contract work
has been totally rebranded to sound more
appealing liberating even companies like
uber and lyft espouse that being a
contractor allows you to be your own
boss and work when you want but if this
sounds too good to be true it probably
is while there may be some benefits to
contract work in reality it's probably
companies that are benefiting the most
from this deal it's estimated that a
company can lower their labor costs by
around 30% simply by hiring contractors
instead of full-time employees that's
because this labor strategy allows
companies to avoid paying payroll taxes
insurance benefits and workers comp
premiums and it's a potential loophole
that can be easily exploited as the line
between what defines a contractor versus
an employee is blurry which is probably
why companies seem to be deliberately
misclassifying their staff as
contractors on a massive scale financial
analysts are concerned at the lack of
clarity over laborer definitions coupled
with the increasing number of contract
workers in America is creating an
economic epidemic that's affecting
millions right now America's growing
number of contract workers are going to
work with our safety net because if
you're injured on the job there's no
compensation and no insurance to help
you out and it's not just individuals
who are losing our reports have
suggested that the government has lost
billions in tax revenues all because of
misclassified workers the United States
Department of Labor has gone so far as
to say that the miss classification of
employees as independent contractors
presents one of the most serious
problems facing affected workers
employers and the entire economy which
is why cases that challenge miss
classification like miss Lewis's are so
important workers and the way we work
needs to be defined because if more and
more companies choose to switch their
employees onto contracts you too could
soon find yourself working without a
safety net
with nothing to catch you should you
fall
you
