there's a post-soviet conflict still
going on in Europe and you might not
have even heard about it because it
fails to make mainstream media headlines
on a regular basis the conflict is
centered around an autonomous region
which is claimed by both Azerbaijan and
Armenia so I wanted to look at how this
conflict began and why it still hasn't
been resolved to this day hey guys I'm
Judah this is now this world and today
I'm going to break down the conflict in
nagorno-karabakh which is one of
Europe's post-soviet frozen Wars first
let's go back in history to see where
this conflict began Armenians and Turkic
azari's lived in this region in relative
peace throughout the 19th century but
that eventually changed in the 1920s the
region was under Russian rule and pay
attention because this is where things
get a little complicated after the
Bolshevik Revolution in Russia the
Soviet Union tightened its grip on this
area under the leadership of USSR's
Josef Stalin
borders were drawn in the Armenian and
Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republics
were formed in 1921 but Armenia wasn't
happy with where the borders were drawn
they believe the mountainous region of
nagorno-karabakh should have belonged to
them not asura by John whom the Soviets
gave the land to but that wasn't the end
of it
the Soviets implemented a policy known
as divide and rule in the area the
policy was basically a way for the
Soviets to create dissent between groups
of people ensuring they thought each
other instead of the USSR so in July
1923 the Soviets created the
nagorno-karabakh autonomous region
inside of Azerbaijan's borders but
here's the thing the Soviets drew the
border so strategically that the
inhabitants were over 94% ethnically
Armenian over the next few decades
tensions between the republics remained
high but outright conflict was kept in
check under Soviet rule but as time went
on the USSR would slowly begin to lose
control of this area as it began to
collapse as the Soviets lost power
violence grew between Azerbaijan and
Armenia and this brings us to the
autonomous regions fight for
independence in 1988 the
nagorno-karabakh legislature passed a
resolution to join Armenia despite being
within Arthur bhaijaan's borders the
move caught Azerbaijan by surprise and
caused tensions to escalate but after
the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991 the
Enclave officially declared a pact
independence from Azerbaijan it's
important to note here that no
international government recognizes the
region as an independent state including
Armenia even though it remains its
largest military and economic ally the
enclaves declaration of independence led
to a full-scale war in 1992 the conflict
was brutal some of the worst atrocities
to happen included Azerbaijan shelling
and ground invasion of the region and a
brutal massacre committed by Armenian
forces that left almost 500 people dead
mainly civilians this war continued on
for two years it claimed the lives of
about 30,000 people and displaced nearly
a million people until Russia brokered a
ceasefire in 1994 the agreement left
nagorno-karabakh and several Azhari
areas around the Enclave in the hands of
the Armenians some of those areas
directly connect Armenia to the Enclave
by the end of the war nearly 700,000
ethnic azari's were kicked out of these
areas today
while the ceasefire technically still
stands both Azerbaijan and Armenia
remain in an intense stalemate
resentment among all parties are still
high Azerbaijan is still angry about
losing Glan they claim it's theirs and
Armenia shows absolutely no sign of
being willing to give it up any time
soon even international efforts by the
United States Russia and France have
failed to bring a permanent into the
dispute both parties have been unwilling
to budge to create lasting peace and
both parties have also been responsible
for escalating violence in the region in
2016 the 1994 ceasefire was violated in
a military flare-up that killed dozens
of soldiers on both sides and more
recently in 2017 other by Jean escalated
tensions once more when it claimed to
destroy Arminius air defense system in
nagorno-karabakh so as of now it doesn't
really seem like either side is really
serious about creating lasting peace in
the region so now that we've gone
through a little bit of the history of
the conflict of nagorno-karabakh
what are some other conflicts and
stories you'd like us to dive into next
let me know in the pain comment below
thanks for watching now this world and
please make sure to LIKE and subscribe
for more every week
