as the war against Isis continues recent
reports have discovered a new weapon
within the Islamic states arsenal the
drug Captagon according to former
fighters this stimulant drug provides a
boost of energy and focus while keeping
fighters awake and euphoric some media
outlets have claimed that this drug is
turning isis fighters into superhuman
soldiers but in fact Captagon or its
chemical name finet alene was actually
once used to treat ADHD in children
what's more is that M feta means like
Captagon have been used throughout the
20th century by militaries on all sides
so what is the story behind this Isis
super drug well what amphetamine was
discovered in the late 19th century it
was considered miraculous originally it
was marketed as the first ever
antidepressant as it would make its user
more alert and euphoric by the 1930s
amphetamines have become the most widely
abused substance in the United States
when World War two began soldiers and
especially pilots began relying on the
drug after fighting and flying for hours
on end which ever side lapsed from
tiredness would inevitably lose the u.s.
the UK and Japan supplied their
militaries with stimulants and the
Germans were one of the first to use
methamphetamines which we simply call
meth at the time it's addictive effects
were not well known in fact in 1940 more
than 35 million doses of meth were sent
to Nazi forces in just a three-month
period even Adolf Hitler himself was
regularly injected with meth by his
physician fueling revelations that
Hitler may have been a methamphetamine
addict this could potentially explain
his mannerisms style of frantic public
speaking and larger-than-life persona
despite understanding more about its
side effects the drug was not uniformly
controlled until the 1971 United Nations
Convention on psychotropic substances
but even then the drug continued to be
used during the 1990s Gulf War American
Air Force pilots received huge amounts
of amphetamines from the US government
in the desert storm campaign surveyed
fighter pilots admitted that about half
of them were high this even led to the
deaths of four Canadian soldiers when
they were bombed by US pilots on
stimulants and yet amphetamines continue
to be used in milk
around the world in November 2015 nearly
2 tons of capita GaN pills were seized
in Turkey and millions of pills are
regularly discovered meanwhile the
United States has been conducting
intense research on amphetamine
alternatives and although they're now
highly controlled they're still
available besides the basic appeal of
stimulants their purpose and military
strategy is invaluable an Air Force
Research report stated that forcing
enemies to function without sleep while
medicating your own pilots is an
effective weapon in the end
Isis's super drug is actually one of the
most well known and common military
tools of the 20th century Nazi Germany
was notorious for drug usage among its
soldiers we used to stay up for days on
end and fight non-stop you can learn
more about them in seeker Daily's video
privat in is a methamphetamine that most
resembles what we refer to as crystal
meth today
Ola has said that soldiers most
rampantly use the drug during the major
invasions of Poland the Sudetenland and
France after a military doctor
experimented on college students and
decided that it would help win the war
the army strategically decided to use it
on its soldiers thanks for watching
test-tube news don't forget to Like and
subscribe for new videos every day
