in October 2015 the leader of Mexico's
Sinaloa drug cartel narrowly escaped
capture after breaking out of prison in
July chapo Guzman's reign as Mexico's
most dangerous drug kingpin saw millions
of dollars of cocaine marijuana heroin
and methamphetamine smuggled into the
United States so where exactly do most
of those drugs come from to begin with
well one of the most trafficked drugs
cocaine primarily originates in South
America
90% of cocaine entering the United
States crosses through Mexico with most
of it coming from Colombia Peru and
Bolivia
despite the breakup of Colombia's
infamous drug cartels led by kingpins
like Pablo Escobar the cocaine trade is
still a booming business in 2010 just
under 400 metric tons are estimated to
have traveled towards US borders in
Colombia coca leaf production occupies a
total area roughly the size of New York
City methamphetamine is also prevalent
in the United States and for a long time
was made locally and what are referred
to as meth labs however strict laws on
the sale of methamphetamine production
materials have shifted the overwhelming
majority of meth labs into Mexico their
super labs can create up to a thousand
pounds at a time compared to a pound or
less in the United States labs and while
Mexico is also responsible for smuggling
nearly all the heroin in the United
States it actually originates on the
other side of the globe the largest
source of opium farms are in Southeast
Asia Southwest Asia and Latin America in
particular Myanmar Thailand Laos and
Vietnam make up the Golden Triangle of
opium production while Iran Pakistan and
Afghanistan make up the golden Crescent
of opium production some 90% of the
world's opium is thought to come from
Afghanistan alone despite the US
occupation of the country in 2001
production has actually tripled in the
past decade a huge portion of US heroin
is also made from Colombian and Mexican
opium operations as well but what about
marijuana the most consumed illicit drug
in America well in the United States
imported weed often comes from Mexico
however as several states have legalized
or decriminalized the drug more potent
and cheaper varieties
marijuana's are grown in the United
States over the past few years this drug
has seen a shift away from Mexican
marijuana but for the rest of the world
a majority of their weed comes from
Afghanistan in 2010 they were producing
up to 100 square miles of weed crops
annually with no sign of slowing down
although the United States does war on
drugs has been ongoing since 1971
overall drug use has been relatively
unaffected in fact the United Nations
estimates that the global drug trade is
worth nearly half a trillion dollars a
year in a marketplace with plenty of
demand there seems little chance of
stopping the massive worldwide exchange
of narcotics the global drug trade may
be huge but drugs aren't the only
illicit items with large markets learn
more about the world's top smuggled
items in this video the illegal wildlife
trade is thought to bring in as much as
10 billion dollars a year and is mostly
prevalent in China Mexico the Caribbean
Indonesia and parts of Africa thanks for
watching test-tube news everyone don't
forget to Like and subscribe so you
don't miss out on our new videos which
we will send you every day
