in October 2015 the Moroccan government
considered implementing a boycott
against Swedish goods and companies the
government even delayed the opening of
an IKEA store but since the two
countries signed their first diplomatic
friendship treaty more than 250 years
ago the few interactions they've had
have been broadly positive this
aggression on Morocco's part seems
unprecedented so why is Morocco
threatening to boycott Sweden
well the planned boycott comes on the
heels of Sweden announcing that it would
consider recognizing the Independence of
the suwari Arab Democratic Republic in
the Western Sahara why would Morocco
care well the Western Sahara was
originally occupied by Spain and in 1975
the phosphate and potentially oil-rich
region was granted to Morocco and
Mauritania to be jointly ruled but war
erupted between the two countries as
well as an Algerian backed rebel group
called the Polisario Front Mauritania
dropped out of the conflicts by 1979 but
the independent seeking rebels kept
fighting until 1991 when the UN
intervened to establish peace but
tensions are still incredibly high
forcing the UN to remain in the country
for peacekeeping purposes to this day
the rebels control a tiny portion of the
region although they claim to be the
rightful sovereigns of the entire area
meanwhile Morocco actually does control
the rest of the area as well as its
resources and they are very aggressive
about keeping it is important to note
that most Western countries have refused
to acknowledge either Morocco
sovereignty over the region or the right
of the suwari people to self-determine
their rule in 2002 Sweden's ambassador
actually said that they would not be
recognizing the SA D are making this
recent reversal somewhat surprising as
with many marginalised groups being
ruled by foreign monarchies the suwari
s-- regularly suffer violence and human
rights abuses by moroccan security
forces in fact despite the UN
maintaining their peacekeeping presence
it is one of the only missions without
regular human rights monitoring Morocco
has been accused of stifling dissent or
speech critical of the monarchy by
imprisoning activists
and police have reportedly attacked
protesters and tortured supposed
terrorists the Moroccan controlled
region also suffers from incredible
gender inequality after repeatedly
rejecting the United Nations
recommendations to investigate human
rights abuses the United States demanded
that they allow third-party monitoring
of those potential violations in
response Morocco called this an attack
on their sovereignty and cancelled joint
military exercises with the United
States in the region clearly Morocco
takes any threat to the status quo as a
grave injustice with Sweden only being
the most recent country to get caught in
their crosshairs the sudden and somewhat
surprising announcement of a boycott
resulted in Sweden promising to
re-examine their position and return
with a verdict by February of 2016 but
the chances of Morocco accepting any
answer besides outright support is slim
Algeria is another country having less
than friendly interactions with Morocco
to find out the reason behind the two
countries hostilities watch our video at
the top and to learn more about Sweden
and the many misconceptions Americans
have about the country check out the
video from seeker daily below thanks for
watching test-tube news everyone if you
want to keep up with more news be sure
to subscribe and thanks for watching
