in October 2015
Russian ships and submarines operated
near undersea data cables sparking fears
that Russia may intentionally cut or
wiretap the world's communication lines
data cables are protected by
international law but what happens out
on the high seas is a legally
complicated jurisdiction so we wanted to
know what are international waters and
who exactly is in charge well simply put
international waters are bodies of water
that are outside a country's territorial
waters which extend 12 nautical miles
from its coast within territorial waters
nations have full sovereignty both above
and below the surface there is also an
exclusive economic zone that extends 200
nautical miles out from the shore but
the EEZ
only applies sovereign rights to what
lies below the surface like oil or
minerals after 12 miles anyone can sail
through a country's exclusive economic
zone but they can't drill for oil or
fish in fact the freedom to navigate
international waters is one of several
freedoms guaranteed by the United
Nations Convention on the laws of the
sea all countries are allowed to fly
over lay cables build Islands fish and
perform scientific research in
international waters of course that's
not to say that you can do anything in
international waters first and foremost
whatever is being done on the high seas
falls under the jurisdiction of the
country the ship is registered in but
what if the country in question is
unable or refuses to prosecute criminal
activity such as Somalian piracy well
that's when the concept of universal
jurisdiction applies universal
jurisdiction allows for any country to
prosecute a criminal regardless of their
nationality or where the crime was
committed although usually this concept
is used for crimes against humanity like
genocide it's useful international
waters because otherwise nobody could
claim jurisdiction recent efforts
against Somalian piracy have been
primarily led by the United States but
also involve China Russia France and the
UK as well as the EU and NATO in fact
this policing of international waters
marks the first time the UN Security
Council has worked on the same side
since World War two but what counts as
international waters isn't always
clear-cut the nautical area surrounding
the Arctic
as well as Antarctica are disputed as
multiple countries have claimed
sovereignty over the land itself perhaps
the most tense conflict is in the South
China Sea China lays claim to a number
of islands and by proxy also police's
the surrounding waters but neighboring
states like Taiwan Vietnam and the
Philippines say that China's claims
overlap their own territory meanwhile
international countries like the United
States maintain that a large portion of
the South China Sea constitutes
international waters
the US has even sent ships into what
China claims as its own territory this
dispute is considered one of the most
volatile in the Asian region
international waters are incredibly
important for trade and communication
and are generally protected against
unlawful activity although it may seem
like you can just take about 12 miles
off the coast and do whatever you want
that's far from the case historically
countries have claimed dominion over all
the world's oceans but today the high
seas are free for all despite how much
water there is in the world it's
actually a fiercely fought over resource
to learn about which countries are
fighting over water check out this video
nearly all human activity including
Commerce transportation sanitation
migration patterns and survival are
intrinsically linked to water yet nearly
800 million people or 11% of the global
population lacks access to clean
drinking water thanks for watching
test-tube news make sure to LIKE and
subscribe for new videos every day
you
