in October 2015 the World Health
Organization released a report
classifying red meat and processed meats
as cancer risks although the link
between processed meat consumption and
cancer has been documented before this
marks the first time it's been listed
alongside tobacco and asbestos as
carcinogenic the reclassification goes
against the American meat industries
long history of promoting legislation to
alter dietary guidelines in their favor
so we wanted to know just how powerful
is the meat industry well overall meat
has been estimated to contribute nearly
a trillion dollars to the US economy
roughly 6% of the GDP worldwide
livestock used for meat are actually
responsible for more greenhouse
emissions than even cars but despite
this the massive flood of cash and jobs
have made the meat lobby one of the most
influential legislative groups in
Washington in 2014 they spent more than
four million dollars lobbying Congress
by comparison gun control advocates
spent less than half that amount the
meat industry has also been closely tied
to the US Department of Agriculture
which releases Dietary Guidelines for
Americans understandably the
relationship between meat manufacturers
and the US government has many
questioning whether those guidelines are
actually in American's best interests
especially considering that the USDA
even runs programs which are intended to
fund advertising from meat and dairy the
Atlantic reports that at least since
1977 efforts by the USDA to suggest
decreasing meat consumption have been
repeatedly derailed due to pressure from
the meat industry instead of telling
consumers to eat less they've been told
to eat more lean meats but the overall
recommended amount of meat has been kept
relatively steady over the past few
years this despite the fact that
Americans on average actually consume
considerably more protein than they need
eating less meat overall would lower
both fat and protein consumption but for
the meat industry that might be their
worst nightmare and that's not because
Americans themselves follow USDA
guidelines all that strictly American
meat consumption has already been
dropping over the past two decades
rather these guidelines are most
utilized by federal feeding programs
like those used in schools and
a lower recommended amount of meat would
translate to a massive financial loss
from meat suppliers but the meat
industry hasn't just influenced the USDA
to keep meat amounts the same it's also
intervened in food safety in the 1990s
attempts to start testing for Salmonella
in ground beef were opposed by the meat
industry a congressman with financial
ties to the meat industry called for
more hearings and delays against new
food safety guidelines
similarly despite heavy support from
environmental groups as well as the
public the USDA has refused to
incorporate sustainability goals into
their projected dietary guidelines
luckily the USDA's 2015 dietary
guidelines are expected to actually
impose some limits on meat consumption
in addition to advising against red and
processed meat
they will also downplay the supposed
health benefits of lean meats
however final guidelines have not yet
been released and will no doubt be
further influenced by the meat industry
bacon is included among the list of
meats with cancer risks and for a long
time it's been a staple of American
culture to find out more about the
history of bacon check out this video by
seeker daily it did take a head around
the 1980s and 90s when the low-fat diet
became popular but it did not end
America's bacon passion around this time
the Atkins diet and low carb high
protein movement started to gain
popularity so there was yet another
shift in how Americans perceived bacon
thanks for watching test-tube news make
sure to LIKE and subscribe for new
videos every day
