in October 2015 the intercept an online
publication devoted to reporting on
whistleblowers like Edward Snowden
released a series entitled the drone
papers these were reportedly based on
documents given to the intercept by an
Intelligence Agency whistleblower within
them is a detailed examination of how
the United States has used its drone
program to assassinate suspected
terrorists overseas with disastrous
consequences so what exactly do the
drone papers reveal well the drone
strike program was originally instituted
under George W Bush during the war on
terror however the Obama administration
significantly increased the total number
of drone strikes particularly in
Pakistan and Yemen according to Obama
these strikes have been used exclusively
against terrorists and with fewer
civilian casualties that in missile
strikes but the most recent reports from
the drone papers actually suggest that
an overwhelming majority of deaths have
indeed been civilian in Afghanistan a
study found that pilot lists drone
strikes caused 10 times as many civilian
deaths as did piloted planes in fact the
intercept found that out of 200 people
killed in air strikes only 35 were the
intended targets the intercept also
discovered that the US followed a policy
of identifying those killed by drone
strikes as enemies until there was
overwhelming proof that they were
civilians this method of concealing
civilian deaths through omission was
based on labeling all unidentified
military-aged males as enemies killed in
action the way drone assassinations were
processed came down to short character
profiles printed on what we're called
baseball cards these cards would include
some personal information along with
their apparent threat level President
Obama would spend on average 58 days
deciding whether to authorize the
assassination but perhaps the most
damaging aspect of the drone program was
the preference to kill combatants
instead of capturing them in a speech
justifying drone strikes in 2013
President Obama explained that it was
sometimes impossible to capture
terrorists before they could strike in
one highly publicized case a former
British citizen from
Lebanon had apparent ties to an al-qaeda
affiliate in Somalia al-shabaab after
being monitored from 2007 to 2012 he was
killed by a drone strike in Somalia
despite collecting evidence on him for
at least five years and knowing his
location the u.s. did not arrest or
prosecute him in court while all Shabaab
did confirm that he was a high-ranking
operative there seems to be no reason
that he could not have seen due process
the drone wars have long been a
controversial portion of the war on
terror drone strikes have even killed US
citizens suggesting a clear violation of
the Fifth Amendment the Obama
administration did acknowledge the
existence of the program after years of
denial by the Bush administration
however the new documents from the
intercept imply that what little has
been revealed by the government is
likely distorted many have called for
considerably greater transparency
surrounding the drone program in the end
secret overseas assassinations which
primarily kill civilians could easily be
one of America's worst war crimes the
war on terror has also come at an
incredible cost both in lives and in
resources find out how much in the video
up top and for an in-depth look at the
rise and fall of terrorism check out
test-tube pluses series at the bottom
thanks for watching test-tube news be
sure to LIKE and subscribe so you don't
miss out on new videos daily
