as the Democratic Party takes the debate
spotlight away from the Republicans
frontrunner Hillary Clinton continues to
be questioned about her role in the 2012
Benghazi attacks most recently emails in
which Clinton privately discussed the
situation have sparked a whole new round
of inquiry so we wanted to know what
does Hillary Clinton have to do with
Benghazi well on the 11th anniversary of
9/11 a diplomatic compound in Benghazi
Libya was attacked by Islamic terrorists
within hours the second compound nearby
was also attacked an American ambassador
was killed during this hold along with
three other American citizens
soon after United Nations Ambassador
Susan Rice reported that the attack came
as the result of spontaneous protests
against an anti-islamic video however it
was discovered that it was in fact a
premeditated attack committed by Libyan
rebels one of those thought to be
responsible has since been arrested the
day after the attacks President Obama
delivered a speech within which he
referred to acts of terror in reference
to Benghazi this phrasing has been
criticized as being intentionally vague
so what does Hillary Clinton have to do
with any of this well at the time
Clinton was the secretary of state and
thus responsible for security standards
at diplomatic locations this was
significant as an American ambassador
had not been killed on duty since 1979
one of the two primary criticisms
against her was that the consulate in
Benghazi was not appropriately prepared
for an attack this included having a
weak perimeter incomplete fence and
broken video surveillance Clinton's
response to this has been that she does
not have enough expertise to design
security systems and that there are
experts who do the job for them but the
larger criticism has been that the
Benghazi consulate requested additional
security before the attacks which was
not provided in fact it was discovered
that a large number of diplomatic bases
in Africa and the Middle East could not
quickly be reached by US forces in the
event of an attack the closest US planes
to Benghazi were located in Italy at the
time as the Secretary of State Clinton
took full responsibility for the lapses
in security and not acting on
intelligence information
about the increasingly unstable region
while Benghazi represented a potentially
avoidable tragedy the previous Bush
administration saw 13 attacks on
American embassies and 87 deaths this
discrepancy in focus would suggest that
the situation is primarily one of
politics and not national security
however many have criticized Benghazi
activists as attempting to politicize a
terrorist attack in order to improve the
standing of the Republican Party as the
presidential race continues there is no
doubt that Ghazi will be brought up by
Clinton's opponents but Benghazi is
little to do with Clinton's record on
the issues to find out where she
actually stands check out this video she
played a very active part in the Clinton
administration as an advisor and
unofficial diplomat she also pushed for
health care reform dubbed Hillary care
by conservatives and championed the
rights of minority women immediately
after her stint as the First Lady
Hillary won a seat in the New York
Senate in 2000 thanks for tuning in make
sure to LIKE and subscribe to test-tube
news down below see you next time
