in October 2015 a us-led air strike in
Afghanistan hit a hospital killing at
least 20 people including three children
while this particular scenario is rare
civilian deaths are an almost guaranteed
side-effect of war in fact some have
estimated that 90% of wartime casualties
are civilians and not military although
this ratio has been disputed this most
recent bombing has many including the UN
asking if the United States has
committed a war crime so did the u.s.
commit a war crime by killing civilians
well international agreements concerning
civilian casualties really only came
into effect after World War two during
the war civilian populations were
intentionally targeted in order to
demoralize and weaken opposing countries
the infamous blitz saw 40,000 British
civilian deaths and the UK's similar
bombing of Hamburg killed about 42,000
Germans of course dropping nuclear bombs
on Japan wiped out entire civilian
populations as did Hitler's Holocaust
the first international agreement about
civilians came through the Geneva
Convention which codified a number of
humanitarian rules of war the Fourth
Geneva Convention provided protection to
civilians in occupied territory and
banned things like torture and
scientific experimentation however until
1977 this did not include civilians and
countries which had not been occupied
that year in addendum was added to the
Convention saying that attacking forces
had to specifically avoid civilian
casualties notably the United States
Israel Iran Pakistan India and Turkey
have not ratified this addendum still
not having signed doesn't mean that
those countries are exempt from
prosecution for killing civilians the
International Criminal Court has
established a certain metric for
determining if civilian casualties
constitute a war crime first and
foremost civilian deaths alone are not
enough and even if an attacking force
knows that there will be civilian
casualties they're still allowed to
attack what is considered a war crime is
when civilians are intentionally
targeted this is known as the principle
of distinction even if an attack is
intended to destroy a military target
the loss of civilian life must be
outweighed by the potentially
life-saving military benefit this is
known as the principle of
proportionality the basic question is is
the attack clearly excessive in terms of
civilian deaths compared to the military
advantage game
in order to limit or avoid civilian
deaths the United States uses a computer
program called the fast assessment
strike tool collateral damage it
analyzes the target the terrain the
angle of attack and the ammunition used
and generates an image of the potential
damage this helps assess whether nearby
civilians will be affected in the case
of the Afghan hospital bombing
preliminary reports say that it was
unintentional while all of the factors
we mentioned will be considered in the
ongoing investigation if it does turn
out to have been an accident it'll be
difficult to prosecute this is further
confusing as it's a huge violation of
international law to attack a medical
center whether or not the US committed a
war crime
will be left up to the international
courts war crimes happen all over the
world to get a better understanding of
what they are watch this video up top to
find out about the courts that prosecute
those war crimes check out the video
below thanks for watching test-tube
don't forget to Like and subscribe for
new videos every day
