one of the most hotly contested issues
during the 2016 presidential election
has been the privatization of social
security favored by Republican
candidates privatizing Social Security
would make workers bear responsibility
for their own retirement fund instead of
having it managed by a government agency
similar calls are being made for
privatizing Medicare and Veterans
Affairs so what is privatization and
should more government agencies be
privatized
well privatization occurs when a
government agency that provides public
services is converted into a privately
owned organization while the services
often remain they can be delivered on a
for-profit basis rather than strictly
operated for the benefit of the public
for example in the 1980s the United
Kingdom sold several state-owned
companies like British Airways and
British Petroleum to cut company costs
and improve government efficiency
similarly in the United States the
Student Loan Marketing Association also
known as Sallie Mae was privatized in
2004 this helped reduce the government's
direct financial risk associated with
taking on student debt additionally it
freed Sallie Mae from restrictive
congressional oversight which was said
to stifle and impede their ability to
quickly react to new market conditions
proponents of privatization argue that
if government agencies were run like
private companies with less oversight
free market competition would result in
better faster and cheaper services this
is based on the idea that companies
would have to compete for your business
instead of the government being your
only choice the argument also rests on
the assumption that because private
industries can hire and fire people more
easily employees are incentivized to be
more competent and efficient however
opponents of privatization argue that
increased government oversight and a
small private sector is better for the
public while government agencies are
created to serve and be publicly
accountable private organizations are
only beholden to their shareholders as
is sometimes the case profit-seeking
motives tend to overrule the public
benefit this conflict of interest is not
always transparent as private companies
have less oversight one current example
of the privatization debate is the
united states postal service over the
last decade the USPS has been
merging money losing 5.5 billion dollars
in 2014 alone many see the USPS as an
obsolete and failing industry with email
having eliminated much of its function
privatizing the program could cut cost
and allow freedom to adapt to the
changing marketplace
however postal unions are still very
powerful and have widely protested
privatization and other potential cuts
to the agency for many politicians the
controversy over privatization boils
down to a choice between larger
government oversight with a smaller
free-market or small government with a
larger free market privatizing an
intentional government monopoly like
Social Security may lead to both
positives and negatives and whether
Congress can find a suitable compromise
is yet to be seen many prisons in the
United States are privatized and that
can be a problem find out why in this
video
nearly half of federal inmates and 16
percent of state inmates are locked up
on drug-related charges long sentences
and mandatory minimums are also a factor
many states have variations on the three
strikes law where repeat offenders
automatically receive life sentences for
their third felony thanks for watching
don't forget to Like and subscribe to
test-tube news we'll see you next time
