as the race for the White House heats up
Republican frontrunner Donald Trump has
come under fire for a number of policy
proposals and his past behavior but in
September 2015
Trump was accused of abusing a rarely
discussed aspect of government power the
ability to take over private property
without the owner's permission this
practice called eminent domain has long
been criticized by conservatives as an
example of government overreach so we
wanted to know can the government
actually just take your land
well eminent domain is when the state
essentially annexes part of your
property in order to repurpose it for
public or third-party use in the United
States this concept is regulated by the
Fifth Amendment and requires that the
land be used for public benefit and that
the owners be fairly compensated still
despite being paid for the value of the
land owners are still required to give
up the rights to it whether they want to
or not
additionally what constitutes public use
has been considered overwhelmingly broad
although most examples of eminent domain
concern things like trying to build a
highway over an existing neighborhood
there are also times when the repurposed
use is actually private and commercial
in one 19:54 case home owners in the
District of Columbia saw their homes
destroyed and the land given to private
developers to build a shopping center
and office buildings in 2005 another
property in Connecticut was taken over
and sold for $1 a year to private
developers in an attempt to increase
city revenue the following year
president george w bush issued an
executive order prohibiting private
parties from using eminent domain in
order to make more money another big
issue is with the payment in exchange
for taken property although the
Constitution says that there must be
just compensation what exactly qualifies
as just currently this is defined as the
fair market value however problems arise
when that value is extremely low and it
prevents those who are bought out from
finding equally low priced housing
nearby in one interesting case an entire
town in Pennsylvania was seized through
eminent domain on the basis of safety a
mine fire threatened existing residents
and all the town's houses were condemned
even the town's postal zip code was
revoked by the state but while eminent
domain may actually seem like government
overreach in some cases in countries
without it massive problems arise in
China homeowners who refused to move in
the governor
attempts to lay roads or build bridges
have cost a considerable amount of money
in construction holdups and workarounds
many of them refused to leave in an
attempt to get more money out of
developers creating an unwinnable
situation
so whether eminent domain is a
reasonable solution or a violation of
rights generally depends on which side
of the land you're on on the topic of
land grabbing have you ever wondered how
you can just show up on a piece of land
and start your own nation find out more
in our video first off you must have a
permanent population now so far no state
has been denied for having too small of
a population so as long as you're
willing to live permanently in your new
nation go ahead and strike that off your
list thanks for watching test-tube news
make sure to LIKE and subscribe for new
videos every day
