on September 14 2015 a grand jury
recommended murder charges for five
people involved in the hazing death of a
fraternity pledge in 2013 the pledge was
allegedly knocked unconscious during a
hazing ritual and denied immediate
medical attention in light of this and
other controversy surrounding the Greek
system some have called for its outright
ban so why do we still have fraternities
and sororities well the Greek system is
a uniquely American trend across many
college campuses dating back to the
American Revolution some students formed
secretive highly selective clubs to
discuss controversial topics the first
Greek letter fraternity Phi Beta Kappa
was founded in 1776 at the College of
William & Mary in Virginia the letter
stood for its model Louisville learning
is the guide of life and soon after new
chapters spawn around the country most
carried on the tradition of using Greek
letters to represent their secret of
nature the first women's clubs called
sororities were established in the late
1800s currently there are more than 100
fraternities and sororities with
thousands of chapters nationwide and
millions of members overall not all
colleges have Greek life but many of the
largest and most prestigious
universities do some even have chapter
houses near or on campus where members
can rent rooms membership in a
fraternity or sorority is completely
voluntary and fees for joining can range
from several hundred to thousands of
dollars per year but many believe it is
worth the cost the Greek system has been
immortalized in pop culture as an
essential part of the American college
experience fraternities and sororities
are often associated with parties
community involvement and lots of
alcohol however this reputation and
numerous scandals in recent years have
caused many to question whether
fraternities and sororities are
ultimately beneficial Greek
organizations are commonly called
elitist and many are accused of racism
sexism and excluding minorities in 2010
pledges for a frat at Yale University
recorded yelling a misogynistic chant in
2015 in Oklahoma Frant was similarly
videotape singing a racist song there
have been multiple accounts of sexual
violence directed at women during
parties and hazing deaths but despite
the drawbacks there are many beneficial
aspects of Greek life perhaps the most
important benefit is the access to a
family-like network of current and
former students younger members can get
scholastic advice from older members and
later on use the network for their
we're members also learn from each other
via regular meetings that deal with
topics like sexual health or
recreational drug use some studies have
suggested that being a part of a
fraternity or sorority can lead to
benefits like higher graduation rates
and increase participation in school
activities since 1910 eighty-five
percent of US Supreme Court justices
were members of fraternities along with
seventy-six percent of US senators and
eighty-five percent of Fortune 500
executives participating in fraternities
or sororities is a voluntary choice and
so far the option has been incredibly
popular despite the negativity
surrounding the Greek system its
inclusion in the university experience
is so rooted in tradition that it is
unlikely to be abolished in the United
States it's been a pleasure hosting feel
free to check out my channel people be
like where I talk about everything from
this week's news to this year's culture
you can learn more about what life is
like in a fraternity check out seeker
Daily's videos thanks for watching make
sure to LIKE and subscribe to test-tube
so you don't miss out on new videos
