on September 9th 2015 queen elizabeth ii
surpassed her great-great-grandmother
Queen Victoria to become the
longest-running British monarch in
history but although the Queen is quite
popular in the United Kingdom about one
in six Britons feel that the monarchy
should be completely abolished so why do
we still have monarchies well the United
Kingdom is in the only country to retain
a royal family in fact there are around
40 nations worldwide with monarchs with
various titles like king queen Sultan
and Emir many of these countries are
leftover British colonies who still
acknowledge the authority of queen
elizabeth ii several are still ruled
through absolute monarchies nations like
Swaziland and Qatar have hereditary
rulers who exert full control over
legislative executive and judicial
branches of government one of the most
successful absolute monarchies is in
Vatican City which is governed by the
Pope the rest are primarily in the
Middle East in Africa these nations tend
to be plagued by human rights abuses
because there aren't sufficient checks
on the Monarchs supreme power but in
most nations with royal families like
sweden or japan monarch power is minimal
and they have few if any official state
duties they retain mostly symbolic power
and exist as the face of the country for
ceremonial functions known as the head
of state they differ from the head of
government who would be the actual
political leader of their governments in
the United Kingdom one expert summed up
the Queen's duties as the right to be
consulted the right to encourage and the
right to warn the Queen's political
powers do include appointing the Prime
Minister and declaring war or peace
however traditionally the Monarchs
decisions in the UK have aligned with
the constitutional governments if they
were ever to disagree these laws could
change to remove the Monarchs authority
for example in 2008 the Grand Duke of
Luxembourg refused to sign a euthanasia
bill into law although it had been
approved by Parliament
Luxembourg's Parliament then promptly
amended the Constitution so that bills
no longer needed the signature of the
Grand Duke today
one of the most important royal duties
is with philanthropy queen elizabeth ii
is said to have done more for charity
than any other monarch in
history helping to raise more than a
billion dollars in aid overall British
royalty is said to contribute to more
than 3000 charities worldwide royal
families also play a role in preserving
a nation's culture in history the
British crown jewels and a number of
castles and palaces are owned by the
state but they are used by royalty to
keep the United Kingdom's historical
traditions alive monarchies may be a
thing of the past but royal families are
invaluable for cultural preservation
diplomacy and philanthropy some British
citizens however think that monarchy is
outdated should Britain still have a
king or a queen learn more in secret
dailies video here there are a minority
of people in the UK who think that the
nation would be better off abolishing
the monarchy altogether these
republicans argue that the real cost of
the monarchy is around four times as
much that's once you factor in security
costs royal visits and public relations
thanks for watching test-tube news
everyone be sure to LIKE and subscribe
to keep up with our new videos every day
