in September 2015 China celebrated their
World War 2 victory over Japan
with a massive military parade roughly
12,000 troops marched to Tiananmen
Square a small fraction of China's total
military manpower military size often
correlates with global influence so we
wanted to know what are the world's
biggest militaries well military
strength can be measured in a number of
different ways in terms of total troop
levels China takes the lead with roughly
3 million Armed Forces personnel that's
about twice as many as the United States
this figure includes paramilitary forces
who may serve to replace or support the
military when necessary however it does
not include reserve troops in fact
accounting for reserve troops would
boost North Korea to five million troops
this is due to North Korea's mandatory
conscription forcing all citizens to
serve for a period of 10 years one can
also measure military power through
total military expenditure you might
have a 5 million strong army but a small
fleet of expensive aircraft would have
little trouble winning a war of
attrition in this regard the United
States is by far the most powerful army
in the world with a budget of roughly
600 billion dollars the u.s. spends more
on its military than the next 7
countries combined China the next
biggest spender has a military budget of
about a hundred and thirty billion the
United States is massive military budget
also means that it has more military
hardware than any other country
including weapons and vehicles but the
dawn of the Atomic Age radically changed
the rules of warfare just like a large
army can't stand against superior
equipment a well-funded military doesn't
have much of a chance against a nuclear
weapon and while it doesn't really
matter how many nukes our country has
it's still telling when a country
amasses a huge number of them only nine
countries officially hold nukes of which
there are more than 15,000 worldwide 98%
of them are owned by only two countries
as of 2015
Russia holds about 7500 nuclear weapons
however many of them are in need of
updates and date back to the Cold War
the United States holds about 7,200
nukes and spends more money on them than
the other eight countries combined
additionally the USA's nukes are spread
around the world hosted in a number of
allied countries and ready to retaliate
faster than any belligerent nation
although the criteria for what
constitutes the most powerful military
can vary
there is little debate that the
militaries of China Russia and the
United States are considered the most
powerful in the world and although
tensions have been high between these
superpowers especially in regards to
Russia and the US some experts say that
having massive militaries is safer
countries are less likely to fight
enormous military campaigns instead
preferring proxy wars or diplomacy
others say that large militaries lead to
more conflict because so much of the
economy and workforce are dependent on
continued military funding this
situation is known as the
military-industrial complex and is a
controversial reality of massively
militarized countries to learn more
about the US military relationship check
out this video well the term is most
attributed to president dwight d
eisenhower he was one of the highest
ranked generals in US history and served
during World War two as he left office
in 1961 he advised that military power
was necessary to maintain peace however
he warned against the
military-industrial complex or the
self-perpetuating relationship between
the economy the military and the
government thanks for watching test-tube
news like and subscribe to see new
videos every day
