in August 2015 a Chinese chemical
warehouse explosion killed more than a
hundred people and injured over 700 was
one of the worst industrial disasters in
China's history but accidents like this
are extremely common just a few weeks
prior a viral video showed a woman in a
Chinese mall being trapped and killed in
a malfunctioning escalator both
incidents are said to be caused by lack
safety regulation so why is China's
infrastructure so dangerous well in the
1970s is China's original communist
government left power the economy was in
shambles Chinese leaders implemented a
series of economic reforms in order to
compete with Western dominance the new
changes were based on mixed economy
capitalism and allowed businesses to
expand rapidly without significant
regulation this expansion kick-started a
modern industrial revolution leading to
nearly 10 percent growth every year
however like most industrial revolutions
labor laws and safety standards have
been ignored in favour of fast growth
and a competitive edge bribery and
corruption are rampant and it is often
cheaper to pay off regulators and fines
instead of changing business practices
the current president has attempted to
crackdown on corruption but China has a
long standing history of cutting corners
in government and business that is
difficult to overcome
since most companies were run by the
state until the 1980s this corruption
has permeated business culture as well
one example of this cutthroat capitalism
was revealed in 2008 several
manufacturers had added a poisonous
chemical to baby milk to make up for a
lack of protein this action resulted in
half a dozen infant deaths investigators
later blamed company executives but also
noted that government officials
contributed to the tragedy by repressing
the story for months in order to save
face during the 2008 Beijing Olympics
ignoring safety standards is giving
China a competitive edge in
international trade but the unprecedent
economic growth has come at a high human
cost the recently destroyed chemical
warehouse was not supposed to have been
built near residential buildings yet the
building still received a permit
now many work safety officials are under
criminal
investigation for this oversight
although China intends to stay
competitive in the global market through
ethical lapses and many safety problems
or important issues to solve while there
appears to be no end in sight to these
accidents
China's continued to build a super city
at the heart of Beijing to learn more
about China's super city jing-jin-ji
watch this video thanks for watching
test-tube news have you liked and
subscribed yet be sure to do that if you
want new videos from us daily
