in August 2015 a former chief of staff
in Brazil was accused of receiving
thousands of dollars in bribes while in
jail for a previous Ribery conviction
he's just one of many Brazilian
government officials to be involved in
corruption
so how corrupt is Brazil well over the
last 30 years quality of life in Brazil
has dramatically improved but government
corruption still remains a problem on
the corruption index Brazil holds a low
ranking behind Turkey and South Africa
backroom deals and bribery continue and
other powerful authorities like the
police force and drug cartels often have
direct illegitimate ties to politicians
corruption continues in part because
voters are faced with few good choices
politicians already convicted of
corruption are being re-elected with the
rationale being that they are at least
less corrupt than everyone else one
researcher notes that a fundamental
difference between Brazil and other
nations is in the kind of corrupt
bargain present between politicians and
their constituents elected officials can
see it as their responsibility to
smuggle money from the capital to their
voters money-laundering and bribery are
some of the most common crimes in
protest millions of citizens have staged
anti-government and anti-corruption
marches the Clean Company Act was then
passed in 2014 to address protesters
concerns this law can find companies 20
percent of their profits or suspend them
if their employees engage in corrupt
activity although no major cases have
been prosecuted using the act yet it's
ostensibly a big incentive for
corporations to change their ways the
most recent scandal within Parliament
and the leading political party involves
the state-run oil firm Petrobras
around 50 officials are currently under
investigation for accepting kickbacks
totaling 2 point 1 billion dollars in
return for business contracts with the
company to make matters worse the
current president of Brazil was the
former head of Petrobras during the time
period when much of the corruption took
place so far she denies involvement in
the kickback scheme but her public
approval rating has plummeted amid the
allegations and there are calls for her
impeachment because of Brazil's history
of corruption its upcoming organization
of the 2016 Olympics has left many
concerned already there have been
accusations of mishandled funds police
brutality and unfair evictions of those
living nearby new stadiums it may be a
long transition before Brazil achieves
less corruption within its government
however with the international spotlight
on its leadership as the Olympic Games
approach it's more important than ever
that Brazil address its corruption
issues want to know how powerful the
country of Brazil is well we did a video
on that
well Brazil does have the strongest
military in South America but on a
global scale it ranks behind Italy and
Egypt and despite Brazil being only
slightly geographically smaller than the
US it has less than a quarter of the
troops
the US has as always thanks for watching
test-tube news we make new videos every
day so don't leave without subscribing
we'll see you next time
