in July 2015 North Korea held its the
latest round of elections posting nearly
100% voting turnout but despite calling
themselves the Democratic People's
Republic of Korea
they've been ranked as the least
democratic and most authoritarian
country in the world so how exactly does
North Korea's government work well North
Korea is effectively a totalitarian
state run by a dynastic line of
dictators North Korea's cultural and
political identity is based on a
devotion to leader Kim L soon
whose presidential authority is written
into the Constitution in fact the
long-dead leader is still officially the
eternal president making North Korea the
only neck rock recei in the world
however it is his grandson Kim jong-un
who is the current supreme leader and
whose authority is well supreme the
North Korean government is basically
split into three branches executive
legislative and judicial the executive
branch is controlled by the premier and
Kim Jong hoon who is also in control of
the military the legislative branch is
primarily a congress called the Supreme
People's Assembly elections for the
s.p.a are every five years and I'll
sensibly their check and balance against
the other two branches this PA is
occupied almost entirely by members of
the Workers Party of Korea which is the
only ruling party allowed by the
Constitution there are two other minor
parties but they are both controlled by
the Workers Party the judicial branch is
known for secretive trials and a
disregard for human rights all judges
are selected by the SP a so how does
this all work in practice
while candidates for Congress are chosen
by the Workers Party each candidate runs
unopposed and anybody who wants to vote
against the candidate has to use a
special booth since North Korea publicly
executed citizens for any anti state
actions this is not a good idea after
all the chosen candidates win their
elections by a landslide the new SP a
congress rarely meets historically they
are a rubber stamp Congress and have
approved nearly every single proposed
law without debate and in fact North
Korea goes through all the motions of a
parliamentary democracy while operating
as a theocratic dictatorship clearly one
does not disagree with the divine rights
of the leader of a theocracy in this
case Kim il-sung
while North Koreans may want to put a
stop to the countless human rights
abuses mass incarceration and widespread
famine there is no political method of
doing so the cult of personality
surrounding the Kim family is one of the
driving forces behind North Korea's
totally insane system of government
check out our video about Kim jong-un to
learn more about the country's latest
dictator as a leader Kim jong-un has
mimicked the cult of personality
surrounding his father and grandfathers
rule this regime style used by other
politicians like Joseph Stalin and Mao
Zedong encourages and mandates positive
views towards the state dictator thanks
for watching and make sure to LIKE and
subscribe for new videos
