in July 2015 the animal rights group
People for the Ethical Treatment of
Animals filed a lawsuit against the
Miami Seaquarium the suit alleged that
their captive killer whale Lolita lived
in cramped and isolated conditions
through the years PETA has had varying
degrees of influence over public opinion
towards animal welfare so just how
powerful is PETA well animal welfare
groups have existed since the 19th
century but few have been as
internationally famous as PETA the Rupe
was originally founded in 1980 and
attracted national attention when key
members took photos exposing squalid
animal testing facilities their actions
put PETA on the map and resulted in the
1985 Animal Welfare Act amendment this
reformed medical testing standards on
animals and was one of the most
significant pieces of animal rights
legislation since the mid-1960s PETA's
photographs of animal cruelty also led
to landmark criminal investigations
against lab workers and the first-ever
police raid of a u.s. animal testing
facility today the nonprofit
organization claims hundreds of
employees and 3 million members and
supporters worldwide with branches in
the u.s. the UK Australia and India
their ultimate goal is to reinforce the
idea that animals are not ours to eat
we're experimental used for
entertainment or abused in any other way
the organization works to educate people
improve animal rights laws investigate
abuse and rescue animals they regularly
make global headlines with splashy
celebrity driven campaigns but many of
their methods draw controversy ads
featuring nude celebrity saying I'd
rather go naked than wear fur have been
called overly sexual and PETA has been
widely criticized for exaggerating and
sensationalizing animal rights issues in
one case a PETA exhibit compared
slaughtered animals to Holocaust victims
and in another exhibit two African
slaves but pitas founder Ingrid Newkirk
has defended the group's method saying
we would be worthless if we were just
polite and didn't make any waves
additionally PETA has been accused of
killing more homeless dogs and cats than
other shelters however PETA maintains
that humane euthanasia is sometimes
their only option
despite some bad press pitas had
enormous success over the year
countless celebrities including Pamela
Anderson Ke$ha and Justin Bieber have
all contributed time and money to the
organization PETA reportedly makes about
fifty million dollars per year in
revenue making them one of the
highest-grossing animal welfare groups
ever PETA stands out as one of the most
widely known and influential animal
rights organizations they have been
responsible for more products being
labeled cruelty free or not tested on
animals they've dissuaded popular
fashion designers like Calvin Klein from
using fur and clothing and PETA has also
caused fast-food chains and oil
corporations to reform their harmful
actions towards animals but overall
pitas real power lies in their devotion
to keeping animal rights on the
forefront of public awareness PETA wants
Lolita at the Miami Seaquarium to be set
free into the wild but is that a good
idea
Julia at dnews answers what really
happens to whales and dolphins that were
raised in captivity then let loose into
the open ocean recently killer whales or
orca whales held in captivity have made
big splashes in the news
most recently because the animal
activist group PETA is filing a
complaint against Florida Aquarium over
their treatment of an orca whale called
Lolita we'll see you next time thanks
for watching test-tube news and as
always please subscribe to our Channel
we're here making new videos for you
every day
