in our last video we talked about some
of the constitutional rights prisoners
maintained while incarcerated a number
of these inalienable rights concern
freedom of expression and communication
but there are other rights making sure
prisoners are treated humanely and are
given equal access to the legal system
those rights are just as important one
of the most relevant is the right of due
process the due process clauses in the
Constitution maintain that you cannot be
stripped of your life liberty or
property any more so than is required by
law in order to satisfy this
constitutional right prisoners must be
notified before being further stripped
of life liberty or property for example
prisoners must be notified before a
transfer to another prison or punishment
and solitary confinement
this also ties into the 8th amendment
prohibiting cruel and unusual punishment
although there are some guidelines for
what cruel and unusual means there is no
set definition and courts have a lot of
leeway punishments like solitary
confinement have been considered cruel
by mental health and prison activists
yet they are still regularly used still
the landmark Supreme Court ruling in
1991 set important standards for how
forceful a guard can be with an inmate
and for what reason
basically it determines whether any
force was needed and whether that force
was a reasonable response it is also
important to question how seriously
force appeared to be needed and whether
or not guards could have used less force
finally judges consider how badly the
prisoner was injured by the use of force
if it is discovered that the guards use
of force was malicious and/or sadistic
it would be considered an Eighth
Amendment violation now in regards to
privacy while guards can search for
prisoners belonging and living space at
any time without a search warrant there
are some important limitations searches
and more specifically strip searches
cannot be used as a form of punishment
or to harass inmates there must be a
valid reason to search an inmate's
belongings or to force them to undress
for the purpose of a search several
cases focused on a violation of privacy
when male prisoners were unnecessarily
strip searched in front of
no guards other basic rights are more
specific in 2003 an anti prison rape law
was passed making the prison dually
responsible for sexual assaults by both
prisoners and guards
however sexual harassment is rarely
prosecuted prisoners also have a right
to health care meaning if they get sick
they are guaranteed adequate medical
care guards cannot simply ignore a
prisoner who needs medical assistance
nearly all inherent prisoners rights are
based on interpretations of the first
fifth eighth and Fourteenth Amendments
however most other constitutional rights
are generally non-existent or limited in
scope how those rights are decided is
based on a long series of often
conflicting court cases with over 60% of
u.s. prisoners convicted of nonviolent
drug and immigration crimes there is no
good reason to overlook these legal
rights our first video focus on
prisoners freedom of speech religion and
ideology there are a lot of interesting
caveats to what a prisoner can and
cannot do check out part 1 for more
information prisoners are also
guaranteed a freedom of religion prisons
can't Institute rules that discriminate
against a single religion and inmates
can follow religious practices as long
as they are not harmful or overly
complicated thanks for watching
test-tube news make sure to LIKE and
subscribe we release new videos every
day
