there are many regions all over the
world seeking independence from the
country they belong to in fact there are
so many that we've done two other videos
on the same topic check out those videos
and the links listed in the description
below
so what other regions are still fighting
for sovereignty well in Central Asia the
Chinese administrative region known as
Shenzhen plus surrounding areas is home
to an estimated 15 million wiggers
where's our a Muslim Turkish speaking
ethnic community they call the region
East Turkestan over the centuries that
has been conquered and claimed by
different ethnic groups but in 1949
Communist China took over most of the
area restricting some of the wiggers
religious practices although wigger
terrorist groups have emerged to fight
for independence experts suggest that
China is unlikely to relinquish control
then there are a number of other
territory seeking independent statehood
in Eastern Europe and Asia many of them
are stuck in a delicate political
balance after the 1991 breakup of the
Soviet Union and subsequent civil wars
within post-soviet States most civil
wars were fought along ethnic and
religious divides today the states of
Moldova Azerbaijan and Georgia contain
four frozen conflict zones these zones
operate under their own authority
without the permission of their parent
state they are called de-facto States
but have limited international
recognition of their independent status
however at the breakaway regions within
Georgia are recognized by a few
countries including Russia Venezuela and
Nicaragua another post-soviet State
bosnia-herzegovina may have a new
separatist movement coming soon from the
Serb Republic the state of Bosnia itself
is ethnically divided into two major
semi-autonomous regions one favoring
Christian Serbians and the other
favoring Catholic Croatians the Serbs in
the Serb Republic have recently asked
for more autonomous powers and if they
don't get them some politicians are
threatening to hold a referendum on
independence for the region in 2018 in
these areas throughout Central Asia and
Eastern Europe many governments continue
to be unstable with the potential for a
violent flare-up in the fight for
sovereignty the United Nations reminds
all countries recognized and
unrecognized they still must uphold
basic human rights hopefully if all
governments in all regions will keep a
commitment to peace alive as they move
towards compromise
to see part 1 & 2 of this series check
out our videos here and let us know in
the comments below about other
communities fighting for independence
thanks as always for watching we'll see
you next time on test-tube news
