On June 30th 2015
Greece missed a major loan repayment
deadline to the International Monetary
Fund the IMF provided 32 billion euros
in emergency loans to keep the Greek
economy from collapsing so why did the
IMF take a risk on such an unstable
economy and what exactly is the IMF the
IMF was created alongside the World Bank
in 1945 as overlapping finance arms of
the United Nations the World Bank
focuses on financing and investing in
developing countries as well as
eliminating poverty the IMF primarily
monitors exchange rates stabilizes
international monetary systems and
fosters global financial cooperation
since World War two the world's
economies have become interdependent on
each other through trade and investment
while this helps strengthen the global
financial system it also creates
weaknesses in the economic chain when an
unforeseeable crisis like a recession or
natural disaster destabilizes one
nation's economy that can severely
affect dependent countries the balancing
force of the IMF prevents any potential
domino effect in collapsing economies
the IMF is one of several global banks
that provides loans to troubled
economies to promote a stable world
economy the IMF and its sister
organization the World Bank tend to
serve more Western interests like the US
and the EU while other global banks like
the new Development Bank and the Asian
infrastructure investment bank serve
Chinese and Russian interests more in
total the IMF has 188 member states
after the global financial crisis of
2008 African countries were hit hard the
demand for imported goods from Africa
declined and international growth rates
slowed in response the IMF proactively
made billions of dollars available to
places like Ghana at extremely low
interest rates with this support Ghana's
growth rate increased to over 9% in 2011
and remains one of Africa's frontier
emerging markets currently the imf's
biggest borrowers are Portugal Greece
Ireland and Ukraine the IMF also gives
precautionary loans as a sort of
preventative measure before things get
too bad receivers are precautionary
loans include Mexico Poland Colombia and
Morocco
despite their support the IMF has been
widely criticized for a
disparate levels of influence this is
because member nations which invest more
money in the IMF get more voting rights
the u.s. comprises nearly 1/5 of all
available votes because they are the
largest contributor additionally since
the IMF is somewhat of a last resort
countries in trouble have no choice but
to agree to significant austerity
measures that may not necessarily be in
their best interests or agree with their
ideologies while the IMF is a powerful
force within the world economic balance
it also openly serves the interests of
its member countries with so much
influence in the political policies of
struggling countries it is dangerous to
try and treat domestic problems with
simple cash infusions and austerity
measures however without it countries
like Greece may face worse alternatives
if Greece leaves the eurozone over money
woes it would be devastating to all of
Europe the European Union is also at
risk after Greece's refusal to accept a
bailout to learn more about the future
of the EU check out our video here now
but the 2008 recession put a huge damper
on the EU success for the last decade or
so Greece Italy Spain Ireland and
Portugal have faced unprecedented levels
of unemployment and public debt also
subscribe to test-tube news for new
videos every day and thanks for watching
