in 1960 the United Nations called for
independence for all colonial countries
yet as of 2015 17 regions around the
world remain colonies also known as
non-self-governing territories so where
are there still colonies well to start a
colony is typically a distant country or
area controlled and protected by another
country
however there can be subtle legal
distinctions between colonies and
similarly controlled territories like
Commonwealth's or special administrative
regions distinctions are based on levels
of autonomy from or dependence on parent
countries for instance because they are
said to be more autonomous the UN
doesn't classify places like Puerto Rico
and Macau as colonies though they have a
colonial past colonization has been
practiced by all major nations for
centuries however a bulk of territory
was acquired during a long period of
expansion following the 15th century Age
of Discovery England was especially
prolific and their colonies can be found
on every continent France also owned
many territories especially in Africa
Spain claimed much of the Americas and
Portugal Italy and the Netherlands also
had several colonies between them the
United States acquired numerous Pacific
island nations later in the 1800s but
after World War Two the practice of
colonization was brought into question
and human rights became a larger issue
when the UN was formed in 1945 its
purpose statement included a commitment
to respect equal rights and
self-determination of peoples at the
time nearly a third of the world or 750
million people were residents in
colonies and often they weren't given
adequate representation in parent
countries governments according to the
UN the world's remaining colonies are
now presided over by the United Kingdom
the United States France New Zealand and
a few other disputed powers currently
the most populous colonies are Western
Sahara with half a million people and
French Polynesia and New Caledonia both
with about a quarter of a million people
Western Sahara often called the last
African colony was a Spanish territory
until 1976
but even after Spain relinquished the
colony it's been occupied by their
northern neighbor Morocco Western Sahara
has
never been able to establish complete
independence for itself French Polynesia
and New Caledonia are both islands
colonized by France during the late 19th
century they are located near Australia
in the Pacific Ocean and they are also
called collectivities of France complete
decolonization will probably be a long
process even as the United Nations
continues to petition for full
sovereignty among all countries a
continued dialogue between colonial
territories is needed and a strong
commitment to appropriate representation
of local populations one former colony
has a very unique relationship with its
native people Australia you could watch
that video next by clicking the link in
the description
in 1998 Australia implemented an annual
national Sorry Day this holiday serves
as a form of recompense and it raises
awareness of indigenous populations
thanks for joining us on test-tube news
and we'll see you next time
