over the past two decades India has gone
from a developing economy to one of the
fastest growing economies in the world
today it reigns as an emerging
superpower with significant growth in
nearly all areas population financial
markets military and more in 1998 APJ
Abdul Kalam the soon-to-be 11th
President of India predicted the country
would achieve superpower status by the
year 2020 so we wanted to know is that
goal still realistic and when will India
become a superpower well in some areas
India has far surpassed expectations in
the early 1990s a series of neoliberal
economic policies focused on capitalist
growth rather than a long-term socialist
economy this resulted in a GDP jump from
about 500 billion dollars in 2002 to two
and a quarter trillion dollars in 2017
one of the most significant increases in
recent history on the back of this
dramatic growth millions in India have
been lifted out of poverty and since the
early 2000s the country has been on
track to double average income after
China and the United States India has
the third most purchasing power on earth
making them a strong contender for
superpower status based on economic
influence alone another major sign of a
superpower is military might and in this
arena India has also shown huge
increases in spending and global
cooperation over the past decade India
has tripled its defense expenditures and
as of 2016 was the fifth largest
military spender in the world Prime
Minister Narendra Modi has announced
plans to focus on arms production as
currently India imports more weapons
than any other country
accounting for a massive portion of its
55 billion dollar defense budget as of
2017 global firepower ranks India as the
fourth most powerful military on earth
and notably India is one of the few
nuclear ready countries and in fact this
military power has meant that India is
able to forge strong geopolitical
alliances in Asia particularly as a US
ally the United States has ongoing
counterterrorism efforts in both
Afghanistan and Pakistan both of which
border India as such India has provided
the u.s. use of it
military bases and serves as an
important counterpoint in the region
against China another emerging
superpower India is even close to a
permanent seat on the UN Security
Council having been repeatedly elected
and with the support of the u.s. the UK
Russia and France even China has
supported a larger role for India within
the United Nations all of these major
achievements coupled with being the
second largest population in the world
and the single largest democratic nation
would suggest that India is well on its
way to being a preeminent superpower but
India still faces major developmental
challenges widespread issues such as
corruption in government the use of
bribery and sweeping nepotism are
significant hurdles to overcome a 2005
study found that more than 9 out of 10
Indians had at one point paid a bribe to
a public official and globally India
ranks 79th in corruption India also
still struggles with extreme income
inequality and a caste system that while
improving is still very much a social
problem based on one's ethnicity and
family people in India are segregated
for opportunities like college admission
career living conditions and even salary
while aspects of the country's economy
industrialization and military are well
on their way to being a superpower as
with any other country there are still
social conditions to address but these
hurdles are not intractable and have
steadily improved over the past decade
as twenty20 approaches fewer and fewer
academics and political analysts believe
India has enough time left with most
estimates revising India's timeline to
super power by 2030 following the
European Union and China the question
isn't whether or not India will be a
superpower but what kind of superpower
it wants to be many economists have
predicted that India's economic growth
has long to go before it drops off some
have even suggested that India will
surpass the US economy in just a few
decades to learn how check out this
video to the right thanks for watching
now this world don't forget to Like and
subscribe for new videos just like this
every week
