in June 2015
Pope Francis instituted a tribunal for
child abuse cover-up accusations within
the Catholic Church after decades of
alleged abuse some are left wondering
why it took the Vatican so long to
organize this kind of response so how
widespread is the Catholic Church's sex
abuse scandal the first time we really
heard about these abuses was back in the
1980s
more recently the Vatican revealed that
since 2004 it has defrocked more than
800 priests accused of rape or
molestation the church has also
sanctioned some 2500 with lesser
penalties since the 1950s there have
been roughly 17,000 reported victims of
Church sex abuse in the US alone and
these are just the ones that have been
reported an estimated one point five to
five percent of the clergy is thought to
have been involved in cases from
countries all around the world the media
coverage of the scandal has been
especially large in the United States
and Europe but Latin America Canada and
Australia have also experienced massive
scandals in the US since 1950 almost
7,000 priests were accused of abuse and
it's reported that the Catholic Church
has spent over two point five billion
dollars nationally on lawsuits in
Ireland during the 2000s the government
launched official investigations into
the charges subsequent reports estimated
that possibly tens of thousands of Irish
children were abused sexually and
otherwise from the 1930s to the 1990s in
the Netherlands a recent report alleged
that over a span of 40 years about one
in five vulnerable children was molested
by Catholic clergy however some point to
politics as the reason for our seeming
medium session with the church cynics
point out that several studies suggests
Catholic priests are no more likely to
sexually abuse children than other
religious authorities and some point to
reports of similar cover-ups by the Boy
Scouts of America for child sex abuse
but perhaps unlike these others the
Catholic Church has been infamously
known for turning a blind eye some
offending priests were simply relocated
to another diocese where abuse could
often continue however this seems to be
starting to change in an attempt to make
amends the Vatican instructed bishops
and superiors to report credible cases
of Abbey
to local police furthermore Pope Francis
has begged for forgiveness from victims
and called the abuse a leprosy in the
church
the Vatican's recent actions are
certainly a step in the right direction
but damages to the institution's
integrity as well as the damages
suffered by the victims will likely have
a lasting impact if you enjoy the videos
we make be sure to check out our brand
new show test-tube 101 Julia yes you
know her and I are going to be exploring
some interesting fun scientific topics
together click here now to subscribe and
we'll see you over on that new channel
thanks for watching guys
