a recent u.s. petition garnered over a
hundred thousand signatures asking the
Obama administration to legally
recognize genders outside of the
male-female binary such as a gender pan
gender gender fluid and others however
the White House's response was tepid at
best essentially saying not right now
but while they tiptoe around the
controversial issue many other
governments have already accepted a
third gender option so which countries
recognize a third gender well first of
all what do all these terms mean gender
is a social construct absque ryebeck
muscular nor feminine cultural norms to
somebody based on their biological sex
someone's biological sex is known from
which type of genitalia they have on a
person sexual orientation is determined
simply by who they are attracted to all
of these things are independent of each
other and can influence personal
identity which is one's idea of oneself
when someone doesn't identify as
specifically a male or female they can
instead identify as third gender or
genderqueer this label can encapsulate
male and female traits and sometimes
beyond that in a more abstract territory
for instance a gender means without
gender gender fluid means a gender that
changes and pangender means the person
expresses traits from all genders on top
of that there are still many other
delineating terms the United States is
one of the most developed countries in
the world that still refuses to legally
recognize other genders on a broad scale
in fact the total number of transgender
people within the u.s. is uncertain
because neither the US Census store the
Center for Disease Control offers those
options of identification and surveys
they use mostly heteronormative terms
like he and sheet within official
documents but several other countries
are leaps and bounds ahead of the u.s.
currently the governments of about eight
countries allow citizens to legally
identify themselves as a third gender
these countries are Nepal India Pakistan
Bangladesh Germany New Zealand and
Australia Thailand has also reportedly
included a third gender in their new
constitution which has not yet released
recently Sweden officially announced a
gender-neutral pronoun in their
dictionary hen which has been used
casually since the 1960s parts of Mexico
to have approval of a third gender
termed Moo Shaye's who are predominantly
men living as women also many Native
American societies believe in gender
variance there are sometimes called too
spirited people and they express male
and female gender traits even if the US
government is reticent to officially
embrace the third gender the general
American population seems to be more
accepting social websites like Facebook
and OkCupid have added gender neutral
and trans positive terms to their list
of descriptors for their users although
the u.s. lags behind Europe in terms of
acceptance towards other genders the
trends for the future favor third gender
inclusion for one region in Mexico
recognition of a third gender is nothing
new at all to learn about the people
there check out our video over on seeker
daily or if you want to learn what's
different about the transgender brain
see the one below from dnews thanks for
watching and don't forget to subscribe
