since his election president Donald
Trump has faced increasing calls to
remove him from office on both sides of
the political spectrum and while there
are several methods of removal detailed
in the US Constitution one that's
received a renewed amount of interest is
not impeachment but the rarely cited
25th amendment so what exactly does this
method entail and how likely is it to be
used against Donald Trump
well the 25th amendment was actually
envisioned not as a method of removing
the president from power but instead a
clarification of what would happen if
the president was incapacitated resigned
or died according to Article 2 of the
Constitution in any of these cases the
vice president would take over and
Congress would be allowed to select
another official to govern until the
president could resume their duties or a
new president be elected
that might sound straightforward but it
actually created a series of problems
concerning succession of the presidency
when the VP takes over does that mean
they're now officially the next
president or are they simply acting
president until the next one is elected
and who becomes vice-president one
example of this ambiguity was after the
assassination of Abraham Lincoln when
Vice President Andrew Johnson took over
he didn't name a new vice president
three years later he was impeached had
the Senate voted to remove him from
office which they did not there would
have been no second in command to take
over the presidency clearly this
question of succession had to be dealt
with and that's where the 25th amendment
came in it delineated four sections the
first clarified that yes the vice
president becomes the actual president
if the former president is removed dies
or resigns the second states that when
there's a vacancy in the vice president
position the president nominates a
replacement who must be approved by a
majority of Congress the third
standardizes what happens if the
president becomes incapacitated and has
to temporarily grant power to the vice
president which has most commonly been
used for medical reasons those three
sections have all been put into effect
before but the fourth which is the
process of revoking power from a sitting
president has never been used it
provides a method of removal where the
vice-president along with the majority
of quote principal officers of the
executive departments submit a joint
declaration to leaders in Congress that
the
can't fulfill their duties so in theory
should Vice President Mike Pence and a
majority of executive department heads
of Treasury State Justice Interior
agriculture commerce labor defense
Health and Human Services Housing and
Urban Development transportation energy
education Veterans Affairs and Homeland
Security
agree that President Donald Trump should
be removed they can jointly submit such
a declaration but there's one big catch
the 25th amendment allows for the
president to simply submit a second
declaration stating that they are in
fact capable of fulfilling their duties
in that case the VP and those department
heads have to submit another declaration
forcing Congress to address the issue
from there Congress gets three weeks to
decide by a two-thirds majority whether
or not the president can resume his
position in short the 25th amendment
wasn't really designed to be used to
remove a sitting president who wants to
stay president and realistically if the
vice president along with most of the
executive departments and a two-thirds
majority of Congress are voting to
remove the president by then it's more
likely that he just be impeached
so can the 25th amendment remove Donald
Trump technically yes but it's not
likely with such a low approval rating
and so many calling for his removal from
office
how did Donald Trump become president in
the first place check out this video to
the right explaining his unlikely
election thanks for checking out now
this world don't forget to Like and
subscribe for more episodes just like
this every week
