in December 2014 a ceremony was held to
mark the end of the war in Afghanistan
more than 13 years after it started
however about 11,000 troops are
scheduled to remain in the region and
over 100 airstrikes targeting terrorists
have since occurred so what does it
really mean to end a war well a war can
end in either a draw or when victory is
claimed by one or both sides a draw
occurs when neither party wants to or is
able to move forward with the war the
stalemate can be officiated through a
truce or emerge after enough time has
passed that fighting naturally stops
victories to have nuanced meanings
winners can still be declared while the
fighting continues even if one side
hasn't surrendered a famous example of a
convoluted victory happened in 2003 when
US President George W Bush effectively
declared victory in Iraq despite
standing beneath a banner reading
mission accomplished the war ended up
lasting another 7 years earlier in
history Wars had an obvious final ending
when all fighting ceased in the 1896 War
Between Zanzibar in the UK the British
military decimated Zanzibar's defences
and forced an unconditional surrender
within an hour in the Scerbo Bulgarian
war of 1885 Bulgaria pummeled the
Serbian army and all fighting stopped
after a peace treaty the following year
but political scientists have noted that
on average decisive endings to wars are
no longer the norm and drawers are far
more common furthermore it suggested
that United Nations peacekeeping efforts
have something to do with this trend
because all military action is more
intently supervised for human rights
abuses the United States for instance
may not indiscriminately bomb an area in
order to achieve its surrender however
this means that guerrilla warfare which
by nature is sporadic becomes more
effective this in turn can prolong a war
additionally modern warfare is left
often fought over land more often fought
over abstract political differences
which are harder to enforce so currently
how does a war end well usually the end
comes after prolonged years of fighting
and the true victor is less obviously
defined peace agreements also
known as treaties and armistice 'as are
often used to define the terms for a
Wars combination even when most of the
violence stops a small percentage of
troops are often left behind to keep
peace in the area and prevent the
conflict from reigniting currently the
United Nations employs official
peacekeeping forces which has stationed
semi-permanently to 15 main areas of the
world these forces help ensure that in
those areas the end of the war really is
the end one big criticism of the United
States is endless war on terror is that
it might have some unintended
consequences actually creating more
terrorism to learn more about this issue
check out our video here so we want to
know does the u.s. create terrorists
well when comparing the ten year periods
before and after the 2003 invasion of
Iraq the global terrorism database
reports that roughly 21,000 terrorist
incidents occurred between 1993 and 2003
thanks for watching test-tube subscribe
now so you don't miss a single video
