in April 2015 House Democrats proposed a
bill to end the practice of
gerrymandering before we explain what
that is imagine an election where one
party gets the most votes but because of
the way the votes are grouped the other
party wins the election doesn't really
sound like democracy right this sort of
boat grouping occurs in nearly every
state and it helps incumbent parties
maintain their power in the legislature
even in cases when the majority of
people don't want them there so what
exactly is gerrymandering and how does
it work well every state has a certain
number of congressional districts
depending on the state's population
every two years voters in those
districts elect a single representative
to Congress every 10 years the
boundaries of these districts may be
redrawn to represent the changing
population gerrymandering is the
practice of redrawing congressional
districts in order to group all of an
opposing party's voters into a few large
districts while grouping all of the
controlling parties voters into many
smaller districts since each district
gets a single representative regardless
of size you end up with drastically
unequal representation in Congress you
can see gerrymandering in practice by
looking at North Carolina's 2012 house
elections the results showed about 50%
voting democrat and 48% voting
Republican however only four Democrats
were elected compared to nine
Republicans it is probably unsurprising
that North Carolina alone holds three of
the most gerrymandered districts in the
country but how can this practice be
legal well in 1986 the Supreme Court
ruled that the practice could
potentially violate the 14th amendment
on equal protection however they could
not agree on a standard or what actually
constituted gerrymandering or figure out
an alternative solution in 2004 the
Supreme Court revisited the issue this
time saying that the problem was
unsolvable since the court could not
rule one way or the other it could not
be ruled unconstitutional and is
therefore still technically legal
gerrymandering has long been understood
to stand in the way of true democracy
while helping partisan politicians
consolidate power currently the Supreme
Court is examining the issue of
constitutionality of using
independent groups to draw district
lines instead of biased legislators some
have pointed to the Republican
congressional victory in 2014 as a
direct result of gerrymandering states
like Pennsylvania voted nearly half
Democrat but only got about a quarter of
the available seats one of the anti
gerrymandering bill sponsors put it best
instead of voters choosing their
representatives representatives and of
choosing their voters political parties
in America are also preventing people
from voting with a number of other
somewhat scary tactics to learn more
about this series as you take a look at
our video here
some states mainly in the South and
Midwest are gaming the system in order
to legally prevent u.s. citizens from
voting and I'm not just talking about
disenfranchising felons or the homeless
although that does happen I'm talking
about disenfranchising you the average
American thanks for watching test-tube
please subscribe now so you don't miss a
single video
