what do Scandinavia Bernie Sanders and
the Soviet Union have income well
arguably the most misused theory of all
time
socialism the word is thrown around in
popular culture and political discourse
as both a pejorative and the compliment
but how can the same system be behind
both the Nazi Party and Finland's
world-class education system
what exactly is socialism well in its
most simple form socialism is when a
population collectively owns and
controls the means of production and
distributes the end result
proportionately and practice however
control is usually delegated to the
state while the distribution usually
comes in the form of underlying social
welfare to satisfy everyone's basic
needs like housing education and
healthcare the end all purpose is to
guarantee a level playing field for all
members in a society thereby removing
class distinctions based on ownership
for example in the USA's capitalist
society high quality education is
expensive meaning that those who can
afford it are generally given better
opportunities those who can't are forced
to compete at a material disadvantage
this leads to class inequality not on
the basis of talent or ability but on
generational wealth by comparison in
countries like Finland where high
quality education is free everyone is
given the same opportunity to succeed or
fail regardless of their financial
status if that sounds a bit idealistic
that's because it's supposed to early
socialism was predicated on the idea
that if we could eliminate classes and
have true societal equality it would be
a utopia in fact earliest modern form of
socialism was called utopian socialism
it's important to note that there are no
100% socialist countries but rather
different socio-economic systems with
socialist undertones even the Union of
Soviet Socialist Republics which
literally has the word socialist in the
name has been called a far cry from real
socialism the same is true of Nordic
countries which
employ socialist programs combined with
a capitalist economy but why are the
Nordic countries doing so well while
Russia is still recovering well like any
political system socialism has a
countless number of variations the two
most dominant are social democracy as
practiced by Sweden and Bernie Sanders
and the Marxism Leninism form of
socialism used by the Soviet Union China
and Cuba a social democracy generally
prioritizes improving quality of life
through equal rights and opportunities
bolstered by a state-run welfare system
and on top of a capitalist economy on
the other hand Marxism Leninism
prioritizes the infallibility of its
dictatorship government the rationale is
that any benefit to the state would also
be a benefit for the people however in
practice this has meant that the ruling
party can massively depreciate the
population standard of living for the
good of the state although both strive
for similar utopian socialist goals the
way they approach them is very different
these examples show that socialism along
with its logical extreme communism may
be backed by rational theory but
requires rational practice to go along
with it
socialist democracies are the happiest
countries in the world other socialist
leaning countries like China and Cuba
suffer from terrible human rights abuses
like modern slavery and censorship maybe
the best takeaway is not to trust anyone
using the word socialism to describe
radically different political theories
just because salad is in the name
doesn't make fruit salad potato salad
and Caesar salad the same thing if you'd
like to learn more about libertarianism
anarchy and other political ideologies
check out our full playlist here
starting with communism although similar
ideas have existed both naturally and
intentionally since the dawn of time the
most common form of communism comes from
the work of German philosophers Karl
Marx and Friedrich Engels that link is
also in description below thanks for
watching test-tube and make sure to
subscribe
you
