in April 2015 the nation of liberland
popped into existence
there was no violent overthrow or
political negotiations one man in his
associates simply hoisted a flag and
proclaimed that a small patch of
no-man's land between Serbia and Croatia
was now the micro nation of liberland
with an eager population plans for a
constitution financial system and a
slogan the nation seems well on its way
to legitimacy but can you really just
show up and invent a brand new nation
technically yes so how exactly do you do
it
the qualifications for what constitutes
a nation were clearly spelled out in the
1933 Montevideo convention this
Agreement defined a state is having
sovereignty regardless of whether or not
other countries acknowledged it this is
called declarative theory and it's
different from constitutive theory which
says that other countries have to
acknowledge your legitimacy now
technically without international
acceptance your nation is pretty much
only relevant within your borders but if
that's good enough for you then let's
find out what you need to do next first
off you must have a permanent population
now so far no state has been denied for
having too small of a population so as
long as you're willing to live
permanently in your new nation go ahead
and strike that off your list that's
where the Grand Duchy of Westar Kika
doesn't count because no one including
its founder has ever permanently lived
there next up you must have a defined
territory this is where most new nations
fall flat with very few exceptions
nearly all the visible land in the world
is already claimed this leaves you with
a couple of choices the first is to
build an X or buy your own Island that's
at least 200 nautical miles from the
nearest claimed territory you can also
try to invade an existing plot of land
and hope that you can defend your
proclaimed borders or that no one cares
and leaves you alone either way you need
to be able to define your borders and
have some form of control over them the
micro nation Republic of Minerva was
invaded and reclaimed by Tonga over a
territory dispute remember if you can't
fight back don't try to take another
government's land
now provided you've found or built some
clearly defined area the next thing you
need is a government all a government
really is is a source of administrative
power that makes policy decisions about
a country's goals security justice
system infrastructure and economy so to
figure out what kind of political system
you like democratic despotic anarchist
that's up to you and draft a quick
Constitution laying out your micronation
vision and that should do it
finally you must have the capacity to
enter into relations with other states
so send an email fax letter homing
pigeon to your nearest neighbor saying
hi and you should be good to go on that
front as well starting your own nation
is actually pretty easy provided that
you've got the undisputed land on which
to do it of course that's easier said
than done without undisputed land
someone somewhere will demand that you
pay them taxes if you do then you're not
really an independent state like the
Kristiania commune of Denmark if you
don't then you might have some trouble
running your country from inside of a
jail cell in any case good luck there
are quite a few regions that have been
fighting for independence from larger
nations all over the world
to learn more about these possible
future countries check out our video
here Vinicio Italy with its capital of
Venice has a growing secession movement
they like Scotland have a unique culture
language and history of self-rule there
were one of the first Republic's in the
modern world and at one point controlled
a significant seafaring Empire oh and
make sure you subscribe so that you
don't miss any upcoming videos thank you
for watching test-tube
