there are more than 7,000 spoken
languages in the world but nearly half
the population speaks one of just 12 as
their first language as a matter of fact
more than three-quarters of all
languages are only spoken by a small
number of people overall most of the
world communicates using just a handful
of dominant vocabularies so what are the
biggest languages in the world
well by a landslide the most common
language comes from the most populated
country China with more than one in six
people on earth claiming it as their
first language Chinese is primarily
spoken by nearly 1.2 billion
technically Chinese is a macro language
made up of seven major groups spread out
over more than 200 different dialects in
particular Mandarin represents the vast
majority of Chinese speakers some 70%
the next language on the list is Spanish
with 400 million native speakers
worldwide it clocks in at less than half
of Chinese's massive reach but unlike
Chinese the birth country of Spanish
isn't where it's most prevalent instead
of Spain Mexico takes the crown as the
most populous Spanish speaking country
in the world with 18 other countries in
the Americas claiming it as an official
language Spanish is also the largest
second language in both the US and
Canada perhaps surprisingly English is
only the third most spoken first
language in the world with 335 million
speakers barely the populations of the
US and the UK combined
but when including those who learned it
as a second language that number bumps
up to 830 million
surpassing Spanish but not Chinese fun
fact English is not the official
language of the United States the u.s.
doesn't even have an official language
and yet reportedly 97 percent of its
residents speak English
the rest of the top 12 lists break down
into Hindi at number 4 spoken
predominantly in India Arabic throughout
the Middle East and rounding out the
list are Portuguese Bengali Russian
Japanese Londa Javanese and German with
nearly a billion speakers combined with
most of the world speaking the same few
languages it may just be worth your
while to broaden your horizons and learn
a second one if you're interested in
exciting videos from around the world
definitely want to join us over at
seeker stories we've been exploring
cultures movements and inspiring stories
that help bring the world closer
together and we really think you'll like
it a lot there's a link to the channel
in the description below we'll see you
there
