Hilary Clinton's recent announcement
that she's running for president
surprised nobody and marked the
countdown to the 2016 election so what
do we really know about Hillary Clinton
well Hillary originally rose to
prominence as President Bill Clinton's
wife and first lady of both Arkansas and
the White House besides an embarrassing
side role in her husband's alleged
affairs she played a very active part in
the Clinton administration as an advisor
and unofficial diplomat she also pushed
for health care reform dubbed Hillary
care by conservatives and championed the
rights of minority women immediately
after her stint as the first lady
Hillary won a seat in the New York
Senate in 2000 during her time in office
she supported military action in both
Iraq and Afghanistan and initially voted
in favor of the Patriot Act however she
also voted against two massive tax cuts
and ultimately opposed the 2007 troop
surge in Iraq calling for a slow
withdrawal one of her final acts as
senator was voting for the 2008 bank
bailout in 2008 Hillary campaign to be
the Democratic presidential candidate
but lost out to Barack Obama after
heated and financially record-breaking
run for both despite competition between
the two during the campaign President
Obama appointed Clinton as his Secretary
of State for his first term she
continued to champion women's rights and
gay rights as global issues she also
played a significant role in the u.s. as
action during the Arab Spring as well as
the killing of Osama bin Laden however
her biggest challenge was following
terror attacks on a US Embassy in
Benghazi Libya that ended with the death
of four Americans Clinton was widely
criticized after assuming responsibility
for denying additional security for the
embassy before the attacks in 2012
Hillary resigned as Secretary of State
as she had been planning to do since
2010 for the first time since 1979 she
became a private citizen although that
lapse in service clearly has lasted too
long so far she's already been
criticized in her current campaign for
using a private email address during her
time as Secretary of State but we know
one thing about Hillary Clinton she's
been dodging public controversy for the
past 36 years and will be no stranger to
the coming fight for the presidency the
world of media and politics can be a
really strange place sometimes over on
seeker Evan took a look at why
Republicans have no equivalent to Jon
Stewart in The Daily Show it's not like
there's nothing about liberalism worth
making fun of indeed Stewart himself
often takes liberals to task for the
superficiality of their beatnik
factions and the inability to assert
their point of view or advance their
agenda check that video out in the
description below and thanks for
watching test-tube
