in 2012 more than 3000 people were
killed or injured worldwide by land
mines a majority of those land mines
were years old left over from conflicts
dating back to World War two experts
estimate that over 100 million land
mines may still be hidden throughout the
world and they are difficult to locate
and remove so we wanted to know which
countries still have them land mines can
be as small as a soup can and they can
be as cheap to produce sometimes just
three dollars but they can stay active
for decades long after war is over
when that happens land that was once
good for agriculture or transportation
is no longer usable or safe this hinders
a nation's post-war recovery by slowing
potential socio-economic growth
there are several nations that currently
suffer from significant landmine
contaminations sources say that up to a
third of the land in Afghanistan and
Colombia is unusable as a result in
total more than 100 countries are
reported to still have active land mines
Afghanistan in particular have more than
1000 total injuries and deaths from
mines in 2013 alone despite a 1997 ban
on land mines signed by over 162
countries they are still used and
produced Yemen one of the first to sign
the mine ban treaty was accused of using
them to fend off rebel fighters in 2011
non signatories of the mine ban
including the governments of Syria and
Myanmar are also said to still plant
mines according to Human Rights Watch
additionally terrorists throughout many
regions in the Middle East South Asia
and South America reportedly used them
to the UN has continued to call for the
complete international rejection of the
use and creation of mines citing their
excessively injurious and indiscriminate
effects so where are these mines coming
from according to a landmine Research
Institute 12 countries which did not
sign the mine ban treaty including China
Pakistan India North Korea Russia and
Vietnam are still producing them the US
was even producing landmines until the
late 90
and they continue to use them along the
North and South Korean border although
landmine use production and stockpiling
has not completely stopped the number of
landmine casualties is steadily
decreasing recent years have had the
lowest number of landmine casualties on
record experts say that within a decade
the world could be virtually mine free
another landmine infested country is
Laos to learn how nonprofit groups are
struggling to make these areas more safe
watch the rest of this story here on
seeker daily the United States deny
dropping these bombs until the year 2000
but the fact is the u.s. secretly
conducted five hundred and eighty
thousand bombing missions and efforts to
target North Vietnamese troops hiding
there
after you watch that learn about why
these bombs last so long over on dnews
both those links are in the description
and if you want the big picture make
sure to check them both out thanks for
watching test-tube don't forget to
subscribe
