there's this idea that latin people are
very romantic and how do you say passion
but where does the stereotype even come
from from Don Juan's to Hot Tamales
Latin X people are often fetishized
and pigeon-holed because of their
supposing spiciness here to break down
the history behind this popular
misconception is my good friend Johanna
Houseman take it away Joanna muchas
gracias querida Francisco and might I
say you are looking boy no I can't even
pretend to be this character I'm a suave
as dry shaving anyway Francesca is
absolutely right
people have long held the belief that
Latin people are sensuous hot-headed
love machine to throw beverages on each
other in passionate arguments mo tattoo
your face on their bicep after two weeks
of dating but look at me I'm latina yo
soy me no spicy tuna or Lavinia Anissa
Kara Yahoo Griego L do you normally
this fiery Latin archetype has existed
in popular imagination for almost a
century and it has its roots in drumroll
please complete misunderstanding of
other people Wow this show really has a
theme doesn't it in the 1800s after the
us-mexican war where the u.s. took a
giant bite out of Mexican territory
hey what's up Texas folks in the u.s.
were eager to imagine Mexico as a wild
place that was right for the picking as
a way to justify taking Texas popular
romance novels at the time objectify the
country by imagining Mexico as a
potential bride that was ready to throw
herself at Anglo men but also too hyper
sexual and treacherous to be trusted and
as much as all this sounds like a
telenovela job didn't invented in
England
meanwhile fast-forward to early
Hollywood where Latin men were depicted
as violent and villainous as we can see
in early films like Tony the greaser and
the girl in the greaser the plots were
basically all the same you got a sexy
vulnerable white passing Sangeetha that
needs to be saved from the dark skinned
bad hombres one of the earliest examples
of the feisty latina hit the big screen
in the 1920s this woman right here
Mexican actress Lupe Velez made her
debut in the United States in 1927 and
she quickly became a sensation she was
known for her explosive personality and
was frequently cast in roles that had
her as the exotic volatile Oh drama head
or other woman the tabloids at the time
called her whooping Lupe and the hot
tamale probably because the spiciest
food in most of America at the time was
like Velveeta they even tried to
capitalize on her personality by having
her star in a film series literally
titled Mexican Spitfire now it isn't
valises fault that these tropes stuck
that's just Hollywood she was super
successful and in the film industry
if it ain't broke make dozens of
unnecessary copies take for example the
Latin Lover stick yeah this guy not even
Latino he was at
a lien and his name was Rudolph
Valentino but actually that wasn't his
real name his real name was Rudolph
Walloon so Raffaello Pierre filbert
googly-eye midi valentina danto lola oh
my god
he was the first Latin Lover mooing
Elaine he's with a swab demeanor and
making big bank with his vaguely exotic
accent very vague I mean not even
remotely Spanish see back in the glowing
20s when people said they wanted tall
dark and handsome
they were talking about Mediterranean
guys not Latinos and Valentino fit the
bill but over time Hollywood extended
the trope to include Latin Americans
because hey why not Latin men were
already seen as sexually aggressive
macho lust beasts and even if you're
thinking it was a different time back
then I'm sure it was fine
yo these cops were so offensive that
Mexico threatened to ban films by US
companies that depicted Latinos as
violent and prone to emotional outbursts
translation Mexicans did not like it
and while we've been talking about where
are these stereotypes come from thing is
these troops continued today just look
at Sofia and got his character on Modern
Family it's almost a direct bite out of
the tricks this woman Carmen Miranda
played you might know her as the lady in
the tutti frutti hat or Chiquita banana
yep that's what all the Tina's wear on
her head for a night out side note the
grapes are plastic I found out the hard
way
but anyway Miranda like me gotta played
the role of the Latina bombshell the
trophy wife with an accent and it's a
stick Latinas can't seem to escape look
at some Hayek in like almost anything
she's made in America help Rosie Perez
couldn't get out of playing one even
when she was a cartoon it's not that we
should blame Latin X people for playing
these roles or that there's anything
wrong with being loud or having an
accent while it can be nice to be
thought of as sexy and passionate it's a
real problem if that's your only
representation a recent study of film
and TV found that although 17% of
Americans are Latin X they only make up
5.8 percent of the speaking roles and
when speaking parts more given to
Latinas the characters were far more
sexualized than any other race or
ethnicity but we need to be aware that
stereotypes are limiting studies have
shown that even pause
if stereotypes can solidify one
dimensional thinking about people and
that those who are more likely to
believe positive stereotypes are also
more likely to believe in negative
stereotypes that's bad
when these stereotypes are so pervasive
people often won't accept how you
identify because you don't fit into
their assumptions this whole video
you've probably been asking yourself why
is this redheaded white girl talking to
me about Latin culture Venezuela
Venezuela a cada vez siento que tengo
que defender lo que soy da replica Sione
Dec revere con Louetta mi amor en ello
hiko anyone will ignore me I have a lot
of cousins I can give you that one we're
not all the 10 hot fiery sex pots so
when you're one of the millions of
Latinos who are more introverted or even
tempered that's stereotyped to be really
in lien eating some of us want to be
Aubrey Plaza or Rory Gilmore before
season 5 I can't stand Logan also when
I'm angry it's not because of some
ingrained genetic and cultural
programming it's because you're being a
dick and it's making me mad you have way
more than 10 items and this is the
express lane plus all this makes it
easier to ignore the Latin people who
don't fit into that stereotype like
ellen ochoa the first Latina astronaut
or the 1.5 million Latina business
owners or L defiled Ray who is an
electrical engineer who is the current
president of MIT because when I think of
electrical engineering at MIT I think
sports
so the next time you think about calling
the Latin ox a person fiery think about
the history that led to those
stereotypes in the first place
it may be don't assume that the 55
million Latin people in the US have a
similar personality or look a certain
way please
I am so tired of explaining why I can
speak Spanish it's literally my mother
tongue it's not because I did a semester
abroad back to you Francesca thanks for
dropping all that knowledge to Ana and
remember food is spicy not people to
learn more about stereotypes and to
challenge your own biases check out look
different org thanks again to Joanna
Houseman for helping out thanks for
watching we'll see you next time right
here on decoded
