why would black people in Brazil get
upset about a black woman winning a
beauty contest the answer ends with ISM
but probably not the one you think today
we're talking about a mode of
discrimination that predominately
impacts people of color and you might be
surprised hearing this from me but this
episode's not about racism I'm talking
about colorism first let's be clear
about what the word colorism actually
means colorism is not synonymous with
racism it's a form of discrimination
based on skin color and before you're
like wait isn't that like the literal
definition of racism hold on to your
social constructs because we're gonna
knock a few down and today we've got a
special guest to help us with this
demolition project Hayley let's break
this one down glad oka see as a Latino
of color color isn't something I'm all
too familiar with racism involves
discrimination based on things such as
skin colour but it's also dependent on
power dynamics that become perpetuated
by years of structural oppression black
and Latino men getting longer sentences
for the same crime as white men racism
black and Latino aunts telling you to
date light-skinned men colorism because
we often conflate race with skin color
sometimes distinguishing between
colorism and racism can get tricky
particularly in Latin American
communities where someone's heritage
might include a combination of
indigenous black and white European
ancestry and let me give you a hint it
usually doesn't get better the dark you
are unless you're Big Papi everyone
loves that guy the start of colorism we
recognize in Latin America today likely
began when the Spanish brought a
European caste system to the Americas
illustrations from Mexico in the 1700s
to pick classifications for individuals
based on their gender race skin color or
place of birth and while this error
generated terms like mestizo meant to
refer to mixed-race individuals these
hierarchies set the groundwork for
associating whiteness with power and
desirability how does this influence la
fenix culture today
buckle-up first is privileged in a lot
of ways lighter skin is still seen as
better in Latinas communities and can
become a self-fulfilling prophecy
sociologist Margaret hunter writes in
her research Mexican Americans with
light-skinned earned more money complete
more years of education live in more
integrated neighborhoods and have better
mental health than two darker skinned
mexican-americans a 2012 study showed
that employers viewed light-skinned
black and Latino job candidates as more
intelligent than in darker
parts and for those of you who haven't
figured this out yet skin color doesn't
determine intelligence go as Bill Nye or
Neil deGrasse Tyson thank you
prioritizing light skin tone also
illustrates how colorism operates as a
mechanism that encourages passing
particularly among Latinos that's how
you end up with the 2010 census we're
almost 76% of Puerto Ricans identified
as white
despite data estimating up to 46% of
Puerto Ricans had significant African
heritage Puerto Ricans who will be lying
too which brings us to number two
self-image in Brazil a model named Naya
Justino faced the impact of colorism
head-on in 2014 she entered a
competition to become the reigning queen
of the global as a carnival which is
televised throughout Brazil the title
had always gone to a woman of
afro-brazilian heritage but gesina was
black and very dark-skinned whereas
previous winners were traditionally
lighter skinned despite that she ended
up winning the competition only to have
her title stripped away after the
Brazilian public was up in arms because
she was too black to be the carnival's
Queen in this instance the outrage over
Justino skin colour came from both white
and black brazilians she was eventually
replaced by Erica Mora a lighter skinned
woman more in line with the color of
previous winners colorism it sucks this
is one way racism and colorism are
different systems of oppression favored
white people meaning black people can
technically be racist towards other
black people but clearly in this case
they can and do perpetuate colorism in
their own communities the discrimination
is coming from inside of the house
example number three language there's a
pretty common phrase people in Puerto
Rico and the Dominican Republic grow up
with goth rates among Spanish speakers
in the Caribbean the word means someone
low class or brutish and is said by
people of all colors and racial
backgrounds the word implies you're
acting darker in both complexion and
behavior but the word itself carries a
linguistic and cultural connections of
blackness it shares roots with the South
African racial slur kaffir
should we have bleeped that a colonial
phrase that rose to prominence during
apartheid and that's often compared to
the n-word in the United States while
cofferdam might not carry the weight of
an ethnic slur in Spanish it's
indicative of how colorism can quietly
become a part of everyday life so how do
we begin to eradicate colors or from our
communities let's get to work
it starts with some self-reflection
sometimes I learn prejudices can take
over like muscle memory so first and
foremost ending colorism means
learning what we've been told about what
beauty and success should look like so
that goes for you that I'm not black I'm
Dominican guy you can be black and
Dominican guy but it also means breaking
the steady stream of whiteness that
still dominates latin-american media
politics and culture trust me I've been
working in entertainment for a while and
I've seen things perhaps most important
be conscious of elevating and uplifting
voices that break our cultural
expectations when it comes to colorism
and yes have those tough conversations
with family members especially the ones
encouraging a preemie that today the
lighter skinned guy grandmas that the
Kinta back to you Francesca ultimately
no one wants to be judged solely based
on their external appearance whether
these judgments come from people who
look like you or don't your skin color
shouldn't determine your job prospects
your worth or your place in society we
don't have to be colorblind but
combatant colorism means embracing the
full spectrum of our skin tones
especially in our own communities
special thanks to Lee chin for helping
out this week and thanks for watching
we'll see you next time right here on
decoded
you
