this week Paula Deen posted a
transformation Tuesday photo of herself
dressed as Lucy from I Love Lucy be
their son Bobby dresses Ricky Ricardo
complete with brown face it wasn't too
long ago that Paula Deen came under fire
for using the n-word wanting to post
application to a dinner party and for
claims of discrimination by her former
employee what whose and numerous
endorsement deals and even a Food
Network show this week posted a photo of
her and her son dressed up as Lucy and
Desi from I Love Lucy now Paul's costume
was actually briefed on but it was her
son's makeup that raised more than a few
eyebrows instead of just rocking Ricky's
massive suit and bowtie the Sun painted
himself Brown you know disrespect TVs
first interracial couple now while brown
face doesn't quite have the same history
as blackface there are some major
problems with this costume even though
Desi Arnaz the actor who played Ricky
Ricardo was Latino he was a white Latino
so we didn't have brown skin Latino
people come in all different colors like
white black and brown but Bobby Nia's
costume essentially says all the Tino
people look the same which just is it
true whether it's blackface brown face
or yellow face painting your skin to
portray a person of color well as their
existence down to the serious it says
your skin is what makes you who you are
your reality or days go way beyond skin
colour Paula Deen's deleted this to be
inspired or social media manager but do
you think she's learned her lesson
tell us in the comments and we'll see
you next week
