racist jokes make it happen anywhere
school work Thanksgiving dinner so if so
what tells a racist joke how do you
handle it
so you're at a party and someone tells a
racist joke and that guy in the ghetto
is a cop you know it's true do you a
give a sarcastic laugh that's a good one
B get mad and threw a chair that was
hilarious or C Google how do you respond
to a racist joke
I'm gonna guess you out with C jokes
come in all shapes sizes and in this
case colors when it comes to racist
humor we're not just talking about being
offended we're talking about jokes being
oppressive so what's the difference
offensive jokes hurt feelings or make
people uncomfortable jokes that are
oppressive don't just make people
uncomfortable they actually reinforce
negative ideas about marginalized groups
of people a study out of Western
Carolina University analyzed how
people's attitudes changed about
particular groups based on the types of
jokes they are presented with what they
found is that when people feel
discrimination against a certain group
is justified disparaging remarks about
that group don't really change your
thinking on them you're pretty much set
in stone but for groups where prejudiced
attitudes are shifting and being
challenged like women LGBT folks and
people of color negative jokes about
those groups can release inhibitions
making some people believe the
discrimination is justified this also
goes for ironic racism like when Sarah
Silverman did blackface it's still
blackface no but I'm like saying
something racist to comment on how bad
racism is it's meta TLDR words mean
things and they can influence people in
negative ways even if it's just a joke
so what do you do if you hear a racist
joke here's what's worked for me first I
asked myself can I talk about this now
basically you gotta pick your battles
not every situation is suited for don't
be a racist 101 no grandma
this ends now but if I can talk about it
in that moment I usually try one of
these this sarcastic approach you know
it's really funny ironic racism still
raises go completely silent
play it up huh I just I don't get it I
mean this country was stolen from the
Native Americans built by slave labor
and founded by immigrants so technically
wouldn't that make you illegal reply
with a judgemental gif or Jif if your
wolves or you can just unfriend them I
mean you don't have to put up with that
online or off it's not your job to
educate everyone I mean all else fails
just be honest and direct hey that's not
funny I'm I'm really not cool with jokes
about people who already have it bad
enough so please don't say stuff like
that around me so does that mean
everything is off-limits
not at all I mean technically you can
make jokes about whatever you want but
there will always be consequences
so using it's just a joke doesn't make
it except from criticism nor does
complaining about political correctness
so there's an Asian guy a black guy in a
Mexican police calling others the PC
police basically says I should be
allowed to say whatever I want but you
are not to say whatever you want about
whatever I just said um free speech
doesn't work that way so good jokes
should stand the test of time but as our
society progresses our perception of
what's funny evolved so jokes that were
funny 20 years ago might not fly debate
political correctness isn't keeping
anyone from making jokes it's saying we
want a better world so jokes have to be
better too so if you never had to shut
down a racist joke what strategy worked
or didn't work tell me about in the
comments and I will see you next week
in our last vlog we asked does race
affect your dating life here are some of
your comments I think that's a pretty
good strategy Matthew personality is a
great way to pick your dates Denver
Broncos won eight one eight one eight
one eight one eight MTV News is my
favorite Channel 220 sorry she bdbd
you are wrong a tdawg atif beyonce is
not halfway in our last sketch we talked
about things why people take for granted
here's what you had to say oh this
comment makes my heart sing sorry I had
to ruin band-aids for you Valentina now
you know how we feel yes for this one
woman thanks kid fury for bringing coco
el here and all the fury fans you are
strong in numbers even I think
using attack the wrong way there have
been no white people harmed on the set
of decoded I promise
