let's play a game of dating mad libs wow
you are really attractive for a blank I
would never date a blank or how about I
only date blank because they're really
blank I've got some bad news for you
whether it's online or in real life when
it comes to dating at some point the
question of racial preferences comes
into play you're going out with it just
like no notes I mean hello Obama when
you look at the numbers dating sites
paint a very specific picture of who's
trying to get with who online
a recent study analyzed 2.4 million
interactions on the Facebook app are you
interested and it found that most men
were interested in women outside of
their race but overall they preferred
Asian women and data from over a million
messages exchanged on OkCupid showed
that white women tend to favor white men
while Asian and Latina women almost
exclusively go for white guys man when
is a white man gonna get a break in this
nation on the other hand black men Asian
men and black women tend to get the
lowest response online and keep in mind
that's just when it comes to straight
people so what's going on here now when
you bring it down to a personal level
you can argue that you can't control
what you're attracted to I don't know
it's just like in my bones I just want a
bone Asian chicks as it turns out
attraction is really complicated
that's because perceptions of who's hot
and who's not are largely influenced by
society I was born this way ok I've just
never been into black guys that includes
everything from social status body type
and yes race historically white people
have always been framed as the ideal
beauty standard just Google beautiful
woman or beautiful man and you'll see
lots and lots of white and other than
Denzel People magazine's sexiest man
alive is always a white guy really we
got old ass Harrison Ford and no Ronaldo
that man is simply dashing even in
communities of color historically people
who are multiracial part white or
fair-skinned are often seen as more
attractive in the 1920s the paper bag
test was used to mark the cutoff for
attractive black folks as nothing darker
than a paper bag allegedly there were
even black sororities and fraternities
that required pledges to pass the test
but it's not just the black community
that deals with these nasty beauty
standards in China and India it's not
uncommon to see skin lightening
commercials where women go from ugly to
beautiful as their skin becomes lighter
in fact one of the most popular photo
editing apps in Asia can not only
lighten skin tones but even widen eyes
so yes attraction and beauty the things
that feel incredibly personal and almost
automatic can be skewed by society's
preconceptions but it's not just about
whiteness when being white is presented
as the ideal beauty standard society
fetishizes and dismisses anything that's
different I mean how many of these have
we all heard Asian women are slight
delicate and submissive black men are
aggressive Patino's are potentially the
agent dudes are weak I have smoked
there's so many in their slices the
problem is even positive stereotypes or
wow I can't believe you don't fit the
stereotype it's still racist once this
guy told me whoa you're like the
prettiest black girl I've ever seen
which sounds like a compliment but um
have you seen Beyonce and even so that
essentially says that I'm pretty despite
being black or that all black girls are
ugly no thanks but what about people of
color that don't want to date white
people well that's kind of tricky too
because usually people of color not
wanting to date white people is a
defense mechanism to avoid being
fetishized or overt racism so who the
hell can you be attracted to can you
never date outside your race can you
even change your own psychology here
imma let you in a little not so secret
secret I'm married to white guy oh they
don't even know you and I didn't end up
with him because he's white I like him
because he's funny and weird and he
makes me happy
and if you haven't really dated outside
of your own race or ethnicity just leave
yourself open to being surprised maybe
that Asian guy's got a huge heart have
you ever dated someone outside of your
race let me know in the comments and
check out the description box to take
the look different racial bias quiz to
dig deep and see some of the ways racial
bias might be affecting you in our first
vlog we asked if fried chicken and
watermelon were racist let's take a look
at some of your comments I'm sorry Misha
loves anime I would totally offer
some chicken but I'm stuck here inside
your computer help thanks miss late-2008
we are all about the learnings here at
decoded
oh really Alan TJ am i annoying am i
annoying never heard that one before
splits but fun fact some people actually
put mayo on their french fries I'm not
gonna say who think about well Brian you
are in luck cuz we talked about lots of
racial stereotypes in this video boom Oh
Sam yes salt on watermelon is the
weirdest thing but it tastes so good and
thank you for the compliments I like you
and finally John you are absolutely
right everyone loves Donuts and if you
live down south you like donuts with a
melted piece of cheese on top don't
judge me
kind of tastes amazing
you
