can you change your race if you ask
Rachel Dolezal the white woman who spent
the past seven years claiming she's a
black woman she'd probably say yes the
internet imploded when it was revealed
but despite being a white woman former
n-double-a-cp chapter president Rachel
Dolezal had spent the past seven years
claiming to be a black woman she even
taught classes on the black woman's
struggle complete with a spray tan box
braids and assortment of curly wigs but
let's get one major thing out of the way
yes race is a social construct which
means it's completely invented in
reality there's nothing that makes one
race biologically different from another
you could even say we're all part of the
human race if you want to be one of
those people while the concept of race
is invented it still plays a huge role
in how people are perceived and treated
in the world around them for better or
for worse race is not just about how you
look what foods you like or the music
you listen to for people of color who we
are has been shaped of the daily
experiences of dealing with stereotyped
discrimination prejudice and
institutional racism long before we even
existed race isn't just a personal
experience Who I am as a black woman has
been influenced by how my parents were
treated how their parents were treated
and so on and so on even if there was a
magic machine that could change your
race today you can't go back in time and
live the experiences of that race my
blackness is not just the color of my
skin or the music I like or the food I
eat or how I wear my hair and frankly
boiling down blackness is something so
stereotypical and one-dimensional
doesn't really sit right with me but
what about changing your gender does
that mean that you should be able to
change your race too well that's a
little bit more complicated for trans
people they have always identified as
their preferred gender as a trans man or
a trans woman they aren't saying their
lived experiences are that of a sis man
or a syst woman there's still trans
transitioning is just a moment in their
life where they can live as their true
selves being trans is recognizing who
you are on the inside and expressing it
on the outside while changing your race
is about co-opting exterior symbols in
reality being black Asian Latino or any
other person of color in America is not
just about appearances it's about a
completely unique experience so what do
you think of this Rachel Dolezal story
do you think it's possible to change
race tell us in the comments and we will
have a new episode for you tomorrow
