I really wanted to start this episode
with Solange's don't touch my hair but
we couldn't afford the rights ok so this
is a big one
today we're debunking some common myths
about black hair now it'd be almost
impossible to encompass every single
thing about black hair in a four-minute
video but before we actually get into
the myths let's take a few seconds to
cover some of the basics the thing to
realize about most black hair is it's
just hair it just operates a little
differently compared to the hair texture
of other races and ethnicities afro
textured hair tends to be more tightly
coiled and more porous and other
textures more susceptible to dryness and
less tolerant to over manipulation of
course that doesn't mean all black hair
is the same black hair can come in
literally all kinds of shapes colors and
sizes from kinky to wavy from jet-black
to blond the possibilities are endless
natural black hair is hair that's
texture has not been chemically altered
with relaxers texturizers or perms
common natural black hair styles include
afros braids locs twists bantu knots and
cornrows just aim a few got it good on
to the myths myth number 1 black people
don't wash their hair ok first to anyone
who thinks we don't wash our hair really
bro no black people do not have a
debilitating fear of water when a black
girl says she doesn't want to get her
hair wet it's just because she doesn't
want to mess up her hairdo
healthy hair whether it's white black or
Asian should have a good balance of
natural oils that our scalps produce
black hair actually thrives on moisture
with naturally straight hair the oils
are able to travel down the entire hair
shaft more easily which may lead to
excess oil meaning you might want to
wash your hair more often to avoid it
feeling greasy but if you've got kinky
or curly hair like most black people the
oils can have some trouble navigating
all those spirals making our hair more
prone to dryness therefore washing too
much especially with shampoos that strip
our natural oils is actually
counterintuitive and even unhealthy but
we do wash our hair myth number two
black hair just doesn't grow there's
this huge misconception amongst some
black people and non black people alike
that black hair just doesn't grow listen
if you ever see a black girl with a
specially long hair don't just assume
it's a weave and definitely don't ask
her if she's mixed with something as if
you have to be mixed to have long hair
all human hair no matter race or
ethnicity
at least half an inch a month so black
hair does grow but because black hair is
so tightly coiled it could take longer
to see the link shrinkage is real afro
textured hair tends to be weaker than
straight hair making it more prone to
having the ends break off but this
doesn't mean our hair can't grow long it
just means that we have to take extra
care of it in order to retain the length
it's mine it's real and you can't touch
it one method for retaining length and
keeping black hair healthy is protected
styling basically keeping our hair under
wraps with the use of styles like buns
wigs twists box braids weaves and other
forms of extensions which brings us to
our next myth myth number three real top
you only see black women out here
wearing weaves look changing your hair
is fun I do it all the time so when
weaves and lace front wigs are no
different from the clipping and keratin
bonded extensions we see many white
celebs rock but somehow weaves have
become synonymous with black women I
mean okay
that's partly because black ladies know
how to lay a weave and they've pretty
much innovated and perfected the art of
the undetectable install but there's
also this icky connotation where some
people demonize especially men black
women who wear weaves for being fake
Britney Spears
Lauren Conrad Miley Cyrus Reese
Witherspoon John Travolta these are just
a handful of white celebs who have
definitely rocked a weave or a lace
front or two and I shouldn't have to say
this but we're in the weave doesn't make
you fake or mean you lack confidence
it just means you like to play with your
personal style myth number four blonde
hair and straightened hair are cultural
appropriation okay not to go too far
into the whole cultural appropriation
debate but let's do a quick primer
cultural appropriation happens when a
majority group takes the cultural
practice of a minority group often
without credit and the minority group
continues to be demonized or stigmatized
for that same cultural practice cultural
appropriation cliff notes it's not cool
when you do it but it's cool when we do
it if you're a counter-argument for
those who call out the co-opting and
Columbus enough styles like cornrows
bantu knots and afros is the black women
dye their hair blonde here's why that
doesn't work first
there are numerous examples of black
people with naturally blonde and even
red hair colors secondly and most
honestly importantly blonde hair is not
exclusive to white people health
straight hair is not exclusive
white people and three white people are
not being penalized through laws or
social norms for having blonde hair in
fact blonde hair is a status symbol for
many people but black hair has been
historically stigmatized as unruly
unprofessional unkempt and ugly a study
published earlier this year found that
black women are almost twice as likely
to experience social pressures at work
to straighten their hair compared to
white women and that white women who
make up 38% of female managers in the
workforce are more likely to rate
natural black hair as quote less
beautiful and quote less professional
than smooth hair the perception around
natural black hair is so negative in
fact that up until 2017 the US military
actually had a ban on locs and natural
hair styles including twists cornrows
afros and braids the band known as army
regulation 670 - one actually described
natural hair as matted and unkempt
really tell that to any of these why
women black hair because it's synonymous
with black people has always been
vulnerable to scrutiny discrimination
and co-opting without giving credit so
yes
it's hair but for many black people
there's also a lot of pride in how we
choose to express ourselves through our
hair in spite of everything thanks for
watching we'll see you next time right
here on decoded right
