in some ways each day is just a really
long series of choices some are bound to
be great while others not so much like
that one time your friend convinced you
to stay out way later than you planned
and then in the morning you keep hitting
the snooze button which made you late to
work and because you're late you quickly
grab a greasy fast food breakfast
instead of something healthy and
suddenly you found yourself in a shame
spiral texting your ex for no good
reason
say oh no unsend unsend anyway sometimes
those seemingly small decisions can have
some dicey long-term effects and when we
make those choices in the first place
might not be a coincidence at all like
smoking by now we all know that smoking
cigarettes isn't exactly great for our
health it causes cancer heart disease
stroke lung disease diabetes chronic
obstructive pulmonary disease I could go
on but you've probably heard about all
that before but even though we all know
this each day more than 3200 people
under 18 smoke their first cigarette and
guess what 9 out of 10 regular adult
smokers say they tried their first
cigarette as a teenager so the question
is if we know that some choices will
probably have a negative impact on our
lives why do we continue to go down that
road in the first place and why do the
smoking rates in some of our communities
remain higher than others well to help
me answer these questions I've enlisted
the help of my friend Raymond Braun
thanks Francesca look before we get into
this Francesca and I both know that
we're all responsible for our own health
decisions and we know that big tobacco
isn't exactly placing cigarettes
directly in your mouth the good news is
smoking rates overall are going down but
the reason young people and especially
ones in low-income communities are at
risk isn't as simple or obvious as you
think it it's way more complicated then
because it looks cool or I'm so stressed
the truth is people everywhere smoke but
it's more common in low-income
communities and it isn't because poor
people are more likely to make bad
choices which is a common and misguided
assumption that we've debunked before
it's because those of us who live in
low-income areas have been set up with a
variety of environmental circumstances
that make it a lot easier to pick up a
cigarette tobacco companies have always
been aware that people in poorer areas
are vulnerable to smoking in fact if you
want to know something super shady big
tobacco used to give away free
cigarettes to children in poor
neighborhoods and housing projects and
even proposed distributing them with
food stamps specifically to low-income
women and though they can't be quite
that obvious anymore Big Tobacco is
still working her
to encourage people to smoke in
low-income areas how do they do it first
big tobacco places ads for cigarettes
and gas stations and bodegas which are
often close to schools and low-income
communities where teens can't help but
notice them day in and day out and while
most people want to believe they're
immune to advertising in reality
regularly seeing tobacco ads can have an
impact on you even if you aren't
actively going out of your way to read
them and if you happen to live in a poor
neighborhood the number of ads are
likely to see goes way way up and along
with it the aspiration to look or feel
as happy and carefree as the airbrushed
models posing on a yacht and if you
still don't think these add to the major
impact after some state governments
attempted to ban tobacco add to your
playgrounds and schools which seems like
a good idea the tobacco industry
actually went to the Supreme Court to
fight for their right to keep the
advertising and they won I'm guessing
they think those ads work but listen at
the end of the day we all know we're
being marketed - right but what about
when the marketing tactics aren't as cut
and dry as the television commercial or
a sign in the shop window without being
able to advertise on TV or billboards
after all their products are essentially
proven to kill you Big Tobacco relies on
another seemingly innocuous but highly
effective tactic hidden discounting yep
it might not seem like a big deal but
Big Tobacco tries to make their products
as cheap as possible by spending almost
all of their marketing budget on
discounting cigarettes even before they
hit the shelves in fact they spend 25
million every day on marketing in the
u.s. 80% of which goes specifically to
discounting on top of that tobacco
companies actually manipulate nicotine
levels to keep smokers addicted one even
biologically engineered their plants to
have twice the normal level of nicotine
so not only are cigarettes becoming more
addictive but the discounting makes sure
you'll never be priced out of your
addiction oh you shouldn't have
no you really shouldn't have so let me
get this straight
you grow up in one of these lower income
communities seeing more tobacco ads than
your friends and other neighborhoods
you're surrounded by more tobacco
retailers in other neighborhoods get
cheaper cigarettes because of the
deceptive discounting and the nicotine
levels are being played with to keep me
coming back for more that is messed up
listen we all have free will to make
whatever choices we want in life but
when it comes to smoking regardless of
what community background gender or
religion you belong to it's important to
realize how the tobacco
industry very deliberately sets people
up so those choices are a whole lot
easier to make so before you judge
someone for smoking maybe judge the
tobacco industry first we'd like to give
a special shout-out to Raymond Braun and
the truth campaign for helping out with
this episode if you're curious about big
tobacco's history of targeting and want
to get involved in the movement to end
smoking check out the truth com thanks
for watching and we'll see you next time
right here on decoded
