hey did you know in the year 2030
everybody is gonna be beige with green
eyes and racism will finally be over
still no hoverboards though today we're
going to talk about that weird meme that
claims interracial relationships and
pretty mixed babies of the cure for
racism you may have seen this photo from
National Geographic floating around the
internet suggesting that in several
decades the majority of people in
America will be of mixed race there's
this idea that if everyone in the future
is coffee colored and racially ambiguous
institutionalized racism in America will
be a thing of the past right Oh sweetie
if it were only that simple
not all mixed-race people look racially
ambiguous like rashida Jones or Halsey
for example President Obama is
mixed-race but most people just code him
as black not to mention that mixed
people come in all different
combinations not just x-rays person plus
white person ill that just turned into a
math equation no matter how you look at
it it's kind of a key to fetishize
mixed-race people distilling what makes
them valuable down to the way they look
or more frequently what makes them look
more white and while some people talk up
mixed babies as a factor a shal harmony
may mean well here are three reasons why
multiracial people won't end racism
first and this is a big one being mixed
does not shield you from racism in fact
research published in 2015 by the Pew
Research Institute shows that the
majority of mixed-race people have faced
discrimination in the form of racial
slurs and jokes poor customer service
and racial profiling by police but we
don't need studies to know that being
mixed doesn't mean being immune to
racism just take a look at this
country's history think of the millions
of mixed people who came out of the
institution of slavery as a result of
sexual violence many slave owners were
still very much willing to enslave and
sell off their own mixed kids and if you
need an extremely recent example Chloe
Bennett a half white half Chinese
actress who stars on Marvel's agents of
shield laid down some serious truth on
how being biracial doesn't exempt you
from discrimination when someone on
Twitter called her out for changing her
last name from Wang to Bennett
she said changing my last name doesn't
change the fact that my blood is half
Chinese but I lived in China speak
Mandarin or that I was culturally raised
both American and Chinese it means I had
to pay my rent and Hollywood is racist
and wouldn't cast me with a last name
that made them uncomfortable which
brings us to our next
there are actually already a lot of
mixed people and that hasn't solved
racism according to a 2015 study by the
Pew Research Center the number of
mixed-race Americans is actually growing
three times as fast as the American
population as a whole which is why some
people think we're automatically headed
for that racial utopia but here's the
thing approximately nine million people
in the United States are already mixed
race and then has it made racism go away
nor has it made talking about race any
easier some people think that with
millions of multiracial people walking
around everyone should have a deep and
nuanced understanding of race and racism
but that's like assuming having
daughters will end sexism and sexual
violence or that gay children will end
homophobia which considering people have
been having daughters and gave children
since the beginning of time
babies clearly aren't the solution to
structural oppression and on top of that
having a mixed kids might not actually
affect how you feel about people who
aren't your kid thanks to confirmation
bias confirmation bias is the tendency
for people to interpret and recall
information in a way that confirms their
pre-existing beliefs sometimes people
see their biracial family members is
existing outside of the negative
cultural stereotypes they hold against
minorities in general what can happen is
the mixed kid becomes an exception to
the rule they're the good kind of
minority so please let's not turn mix
children into the new but I have a black
friend you don't automatically
understand racism or the experiences of
all people of color simply because of
your friends or family and finally and
perhaps most importantly racism is an
institutional problem let's pretend that
more mixed-race people means everybody
is suddenly super nice to each other and
harbors no personal biases or prejudice
great but being nice to each other won't
solve housing inequality or the fact
that white Americans still hold up to
eighty eight percent of the nation's
wealth
despite being sixty-four percent of the
population or force the US government to
honor its trees with Native Americans
racism is a complex problem that has
existed for hundreds of years and
complex problems almost always require
complex multifaceted solutions as we've
spoken about before during the Great
Depression in the 1930s the US
government used racially motivated
assessments as part of a huge mortgage
refinancing initiative the goal was to
keep people of color out of certain
neighborhoods and because it was
effective it prevented huge amounts of
black homeownership and defects are
still a problem today a 2017 study by
the federal
Bank of Chicago found that the practice
of redlining in Chicago had a persistent
adverse impact on local neighborhoods
they found redlining affected home
ownership rates home values and credit
scores in 2010 2010 which is 70 plus
years after the problem even started
racism isn't just about individuals it's
about institutions and those aren't
going to change just because of the
racial makeup of your parents look
having friends and romantic partners of
different races is definitely not a bad
thing I can personally vouch for that
having mixed children is not a bad thing
it's great after all couples like
Mildred and Richard loving fought
valiantly so people of all races have
the right to love and marry whoever they
want at the end of the day coveting mix
children because of how cute they look
or because they represent some idea of
racial equality that doesn't quite exist
yet is super unfair to them it
fetishizes them and also erases the very
complex reality of what it means to be
mixed-race so if we're going to truly
end racism and white supremacy we're
going to have to think of more concrete
ways to fight racist laws policies and
ideas unfortunately settling down and
having a bunch of cafe au lait babies is
probs not going to be the nail on the
racism coffin thanks for watching and
we'll see you next time right here on
decoded
