the reason we blame victims has a lot to
do with moral values human psychology
but also grammar no matter what that
thing happens to you whether you get
your wallet stolen get food poisoning or
have a tree branch follow your heart car
you could be certain someone somewhere
is going to blame you for what happened
they'll say things like well you should
have put your wallet in a different
pocket well yeah because you went to
that restaurant what a parks tomorrow
you know what they say trees they'll get
you and this pattern has a name it's
called a victim blaming and to help us
understand the psychology of what's
going on let's use the show thirteen
reasons why as an example now as we've
discussed before the show is not without
its problems but it has brought
something interesting to light in a
recent interview Alisha beau who plays
Jessica on the show talked about the
fans reactions to her revelation that
her character was the victim of sexual
assault here's what she said I thought
everyone would sympathize with Jessica
because of what she's been through but
basically people are slut-shaming
Jessica they're calling her a bitch and
saying she deserved it and Jessica
shouldn't be that drunk at a party you
hear that the guy who assaulted her
isn't the problem is that Jessica
shouldn't have gotten drunk which is
victim-blaming 101 and oh how I wish
that I only had this fictional example
of victim blaming but in reality this
happened for sexual assault victims all
of the time so why did he go do this
short answer sucked for longer answer
well let's take a step back and look at
some psychological studies in 1966 dr.
Melvin Lerner conducted a study where
test subjects watched the victim
received electric shocks in designing
the study dr. Lerner made sure that his
test subjects didn't know the victim was
an actor and he found something
interesting the less control the
subjects had ever stopping the electric
shocks
the lower opinion they formed the victim
in other words when people couldn't help
the person they had to find a way to
devalue them this led learner to coin
what is now known as the just world
hypothesis which is basically when
people really want to believe that the
universe is morally fair and that people
get what they deserve the reason why
this belief is so common is actually
pretty simple it's a very comforting
thought to believe that the world is
fair and that
people just act right they can control
it happens to them in fact
Lerner found that believing in the just
world hypothesis helps people maintain
their own personal well-being you know
why because it sucks to accept the
terrible things just happened sometimes
then there's nothing you can do about it
well I'm not going to defend people who
victim blame accepting that bad things
happen for no good reason is actually
kind of terrifying because it means
accepting the possibility that something
awful could happen to you or the people
you care about
instead much easier to say what someone
should have done in a situation where
you already know the terrible outcome
basically anytime you hear someone or
yourself say anything that starts with
she should have blank is only he has
blank if she hadn't done blank if I were
in that situation I would have blank
they're blaming the wrong person and a
big part of the reason why is because
they're talking about the wrong person
and this can be fixed with basic grammar
what do I mean a 2016 study narrated
hypothetical crime scenarios to almost a
thousand participants one of those
scenarios wasn't that different from our
searching reasons why example the
scenario went like this Lisa was
approached by Dan at a party
Dan gave Lisa a drink spiked with
rohypnol later that night Lisa was
assaulted by Dan and what they found was
that framing the story from Lisa's
perspective made people more likely to
blame her for not avoiding the assault
but they also found something very
helpful when they change the sentence
structure and focus on the perpetrator
of the crime people were significantly
less likely to blame the victim
so by simply changing the wording to Dan
approach Lisa at a party Dan gave Lisa a
drink spiked with rohypnol
later that night Dan assaulted Lisa
people were less focused on Lisa and
what she should have done and they were
more likely to blame Dan for you know
committing a crime basically by shifting
the grammatical focus from the victim to
the perpetrator our brains are more
likely to zero in on the actions of the
criminal hey journalist police officers
lawyers school administrators are you
listening focus on the perpetrator at
the end of the day it's easier for
people to dehumanize and blame those
they can't help but fortunately by
adjusting the way we talk about these
awful events we can help shift the
perspectives of people around us and
shift our own thanks for making our
fifth season of great ones we'll see you
next time right here
decoded
