do I support you being queer as prom
yeah but does the Constitution support
you being queer aside from heck yeah
prom season is upon us and that can mean
fancy clothes my hairstyle and your
parents taking a lot of photos mom but
for some lgbtq+ high schoolers prom can
be a stressful time with a lot of
questions so I invited my friend Dylan
Maron to ask him a big question of my
own what is it
when you make a video with me about
being queer at prom oh my god so you'd
never ask
Francesco's right lgbtq+ folks have more
than just rented tuxes and fly
hairstyles to worry about and it makes
sense because high school can be a tough
time for those of us who aren't straight
or cyst diagnosis is short for cisgender
meaning people who identify as the
gender they were assigned at birth so as
our straight and sis classmates get a
head start on dating and intimacy and
awkwardly making out in movie theatres
we might be recruiting into ourselves
wondering if we'll ever get a chance to
try that out to and from is like the
Super Bowl of high school so it makes
sense if some of us might want to sit
that one out are you proud of yourself
making a sports metaphor very and I'm
sure reading the news doesn't help just
last year Raymond Tullier and Nicholas
Newport were banned from attending their
prom just for wanting to go together
ash Whitaker a trans guy from Wisconsin
wanted to run for prom king but his
school said he had to run for prom queen
because he's a fag or assigned female at
birth and in 2010 Constance McMillen was
told she shouldn't bring her girlfriend
to prom or even wear a tux now that's
not a problem I would want to go to but
hey if your idea of fun is a
discrimination ball you do you but if
you're watching this video and you can't
wait to be your beautiful queer self at
prom then we have some good news for you
being out and proud a problem is your
constitutional right seriously and so
that you can thank a Rhode Island
teenager in the 80s a gay student
organization in the 70s and a group of
high school students protesting the
Vietnam War in the 60s to understand how
all of those fit together let's go back
to 1980 when one guy
take no for an answer and change the
course of history today with Aaron Frick
and in 1980 he wanted to bring a dude to
prom now that might not seem so
revolutionary now but in 1980 that was a
big deal it was so much of a big deal
that his principal said no because he
was afraid Aaron this date would be
bullied but Aaron's like a total boss
basically said that's okay I'll just sue
you for infringing on my First Amendment
right yep
the same amendment that protects all the
lovely folks who comment on Internet
videos also protects queer folks who
don't want to go to prom first of them
there's something for everyone when
people claim that sjws are infringing on
their free speech in the high court of a
common thread that's one thing but when
someone says their free speech is under
attack in a court of law
a lot of things need to be considered in
Aaron's case there are three big
questions first the dance count of
speech it actually does six years
earlier the University of New Hampshire
wouldn't allow the campus gay students
organization to throw a dance and a
court declared that the organization's
First Amendment rights were infringed
because dance is an expression that
counts as something called symbolic
speech meaning the act of attending a
dance with someone is a form of
expression but it's just as protected as
the freedom to express your opinions was
worth Francesca will you take a moment
to symbolic speech with me mm-hmm should
we get back to the videos awesome
so dancing counts as speech second
question did Aaron pick the appropriate
place to exercise his freedom of speech
yes and I'll tell you why in 1969 a
group of high schoolers in Des Moines
Iowa protested the Vietnam War by
wearing black armbands to school they
were suspended they sued and then the
court was like lol no girl the First
Amendment right also applies in high
school - was that a direct quote from
the courts yes I think so
well we've come to our third and final
question wasn't the school just trying
to protect Aaron against homophobic
bullying sort of but if you think about
it the principal was actually protecting
the bullies saying don't express
yourself because people might react
badly is kind of like me telling you not
something
because you might get trolled sorry
that's not happening the judge ruled in
favor of Aaron Frick he got to go to
prom with his boo and his insistence
changed the way lgbtq+ folks could
attend a prom which is a pretty awesome
thing to do at 18 oh and remember those
people we told you about before
well thanks in part to Aaron frickin the
First Amendment dreamin Tellier and
Nicolas Newport got to attend prom
together after all
ash Whittaker was able to honor his true
gender by running for prom king and
Constance McMillen won a lawsuit against
her school district and a few months
later she served as the grand marshal of
the New York Pride Parade oh and the
whole her not being allowed to wear a
tux thing yeah that's an infringement on
title 9 and the equal protection clause
the floc school officials from forcing
students to conform to sex stereotypes
thanks law and if all this
constitutional proof isn't enough to
encourage you to be your wonderful clear
self at prom consider that prom is a
cotillion style social event and since
cotillion czar often referred to as
coming-out falls why not honor the
literal history of prom and come out as
you hey and if you're not ready to come
out that's totally cool too that's
something you need to do on your own
time and in your own way
we'll be here cheering for you whenever
you're ready thanks so much to our guest
Dylan Marin thanks for watching we'll
see you next time right here on decoded
best prom ever
you
