Wow it's better I oh wait what exactly
am i ruined
it's almost May 5th aka Cinco de Mayo
while lots of non Mexican Americans
thanks Cinco DeMayo is just a day to
drink margaritas both weird Instagram
photos or eat taco bowls it's actually a
bit more than that so let's debunk three
common misconceptions about Cinco de
Mayo misconception number one Cinco de
Mayo is Mexico's independence day nope
Cinco de Mayo is not the Mexican
equivalent of the 4th of July
Mexico's actual Independence Day is
celebrated every year on September 16th
not May 5th so what are we celebrating
well it actually celebrates a smaller
incident that occurred decades later the
Mexican Army's unlikely victory over the
French in the Battle of Puebla in 1862
at the time this win was a huge deal
because the outnumbered Mexicans
defeated the French who at the time had
one of the largest most powerful armies
in the world it was kind of like the
Mexican 300
meanwhile America was in the middle of
the Civil War and Mexicans living in the
US generally cited the Cree Union so the
Battle of Puebla took on new meaning for
Mexican Americans because they saw it as
an encouragement that the Union could
actually win the Civil War so when the
years falling may fit 1862
the day was remembered and celebrated by
Mexican laborers in the western US as a
symbol of pride in heroic resistance
against oppression
not a symbol of bottomless margaritas
misconception number two Cinco de Mayo
is a huge holiday in Mexico in Mexico
it's just a regular day festivities for
the day only occur in Puebla a town
where the day's historic victory
occurred but that's about it
just like neon nacho cheese from the
machine it's an American invention gee
it wasn't until the 1960s Chicano
Movement which prioritized
mexican-american empowerment that Cinco
de Mayo gained momentum as a holiday of
ethnic pride so by the 1980's alcohol
companies started to catch on to Cinco
DeMayo as an opportunity to market
Mexican beer and alcohol brands which is
pretty much how non mexican-americans
got the beautiful tradition of wearing
stereotypical sombreros and drinking far
too much tequila which brings us to well
I'll let my friend Kat tell you
misconception number three it's okay to
wear sombreros if you're not Mexican I'd
steer clear of wearing a sombrero or a
fake mustache or contra for that matter
basically if you can buy it at a party
supply store forget about and yes
non Mexican Latinos like myself can be
guilty of this too that you thought I
was Mexican didn't ya we're not a
monolithic group just because you're
Latino doesn't mean you get a path to
join in on the exploitation the problem
is most Cinco DeMayo costumes depict
cartoonish stereotypes of Mexican
culture also it's not a dress-up holiday
as Francesco's talked about before
whether it's wearing a Native American
headdress to Coachella or putting on
geisha makeup for Halloween it's pretty
crappy to turn a marginalized culture
into a costume so many fashion choices
just don't pick the bottle by
celebrating Cinco de Mayo without any
context to its significance we're making
a mockery out of it which is especially
offensive these days when Mexicans and
Mexican Americans are criminalized more
than
but if you are going to eat a taco or
drink a margarita why not actually enjoy
while supporting a mexican-american
owned business but don't ask for any
hardshell tacos it's not really that's
great advice thanks for helping out this
week and make sure to watch kat lazo
show on me through the cat call we'll
see you next time right here on decoded
