how do you packed hundreds of years of
racism sexism and misogyny into just
four letters C uck if you've been online
recently you might have noticed the word
kook being thrown around a lot not to be
confused with that male chicken you're a
man who identifies as a feminist Chuck
don't like Donald Trump's cook someone
who likes a certain MTV web series host
that you don't like cook to understand
the history of Chuck look no further
than it's too delightfully intertwined
components misogyny and racism the key
ingredients in America's favorite
sandwich now before we get into cuffs
modern usage we have to go all the way
back to the innocent cuckoo bird cuckoo
birds called me lay their eggs and other
birds nest and leave them there to be
raised during the Middle Ages that
otherwise benign bird became a symbol
for a husband with an unfaithful wife
from cuckoo came cuckold which literally
means a man whose wife has slept with
another man and then raises a child who
is not hit long before guys on Redick on
a hold of the phrase chuckles were a
staple in English literature Shakespeare
love to use men's fear of becoming a
cuckold as a plot point couples even
happen in rap music dicks Kanye West's
gold diggers 18 years 18 years and our
18th birthday he found out it wasn't him
over time the shortened version of the
word cook became more common and that's
likely because of two of America's
favorite pastime racism and pornography
cuckold or cook the kid used to refer to
as genre of porn where husbands usually
white watch their wives have sex with
another man usually black not only is
she cheating on you but she's cheating
with a man who's perceived as racially
inferior but what leads many guys to use
the term is it Justin's racist
undertones but thrive rampant sexism now
if you really want to know where the
modern usage of cut comes from remember
that pickup artist scene from the early
2000s that mystery guy I mean it's
better cute oh but we got to talk about
it the pickup artist communities main
goal was to teach socially awkward men
how to lure women using a variety of
manipulative techniques
so when I Custer men take apart is like
to divide them into alphas and betas and
alpha is a guy who totally gets all the
sexy desires because it's controlling
and dominant personality is so
attractive to women that was sarcasm by
the way meanwhile a beta is a guy who's
too nice to be an alpha and supposedly
is always being used by women and never
gets laid being taught to respect women
is referred to as BAE defying and a beta
is also often referred to as you get bit
okay essentially to call someone a kook
is to imply that they are a real or
strong man as if there's only one way to
be a man oh my god masculinity is so
fragile in many ways trump has become
the ideal alpha for many men his ability
to succeed not in spite of but because
of his arrogant and sexist behavior is
babbling inspirational to them okay
great moving on so why do people really
like to take up so much because of our
to call someone a cook is an attempt to
wield power over them it implies they're
weak and cowardly not strong and brave
like the person slinging insults from
their computer screen that was also
sarcasm but is it even an effective
insult
maybe if upholding white supremacy and
hyper masculinity is important to you
otherwise
Chuck becomes a lot less powerful when
you realize it's racist and sexist
origins like most insults cup says a lot
more about the person's using it than
the person being called one we'll see
you next week right here on decoded
