stop me if you heard this before a
foreigner moves to America no wait he
applied for a green card to move to
America and then that takes two or four
years so we've got some time before I
get to the punchline the immigration
debate isn't exactly a new conversation
in America but lately that debate has
gotten even more heated what was talk of
travel bans and multibillion-dollar
border walls lots of people have their
own ideas about a solution to the
so-called illegal immigrant problem but
if you realize or care how the
immigration process in America actually
works spoiler alert it doesn't work for
those who aren't in the know why can't
they just get in line to come here
legally seems like a pretty reasonable
question but this isn't the old-timey
days when 98% of people who showed up to
Alice Island were led into the country
today America's immigration process is
super long and super expensive follow me
if you will to the hellish landscape it
is green card land it's like candy land
only way more depressing so you want to
live and work in America there are
several ways to achieve this and none of
them are easy or necessarily guaranteed
making decisions first you've got to
figure out what kind of tedious
application journey you're about to
embark on let's talk about a few if
you're from a country with a low
immigration rate you could apply for the
green card lottery in which over 11
million people worldwide each year of
life or only 15,000 available visas
gotta love those lessons point 5 resent
odd but for argument's sake let's say
you apply for the lotteries and don't
win you could file an employment-based
application all you need is an eligible
employer in the United States to sponsor
you and pay for the application process
and prove you're not taking away a
valuable job from the US to the site
don't worry this will only take like a
year to get approved by the Labor
Department if you have a masters or PhD
and only 2 to 5 years if you don't plus
you have to be outside the US if you
don't have lawful status and on top of
that you haven't even applied for the
actual visa yet isn't waiting for years
on slim hopes the best but if you're
really special you can apply for a shiny
eb1 visa
that's where aliens of extraordinary of
the
basically anyone who's managed to excel
in the arts business academia or
athletics and fit at least three of ten
special special people requirements or
they made a cool one-time achievement
like winning a Pulitzer an Oscar or an
Olympic medal but you don't have a
Pulitzer let's say maybe the employer
thing didn't work and your Pulitzer was
lost in the mail well you can have a
family member petition for you if
they're already living in the United
States legally if you're flying solo
your last option is to find a spouse
just be prepared to prove it's real
contrary to every 90s sitcom sham
green-card marriage plot the whole
process doesn't take place in 30
hilarious minutes but over the course of
several months to a year and you may
even have to prove it again two years
later if you haven't been married that
long but if you don't have an American
Bay well bye did I mention the cost of
all of this because no matter what
application you file it's going to be a
pretty penny a standard green card
application costs one thousand seven
hundred and sixty dollars and a lawyer
to walk you through the filing process
can run you anywhere from five hundred
to ten thousand dollars depending on how
complicated your case is going to be
plus there are literally hundreds of
different forms that you may have to
file and all of them will cost something
you'll be shelling out money on fees to
the government lawyers passport photos
biometrics mail and cost and so on all
while trying to you know live your life
all right so let's say you've managed to
raise some money to pay all the fees and
maybe get a decent lawyer you've
gathered all the necessary documents and
filled out your applications to the best
of your ability good job on answering no
- are you a terrorist you win right you
reach green card castle no the
Department of Homeland Security which
now manages immigration is notorious for
its backlogged outdated system an
application can get rejected for all
kinds of reasons maybe your passport
photos aren't the right size or you
forgot to check a box on page 19 and
even if your application is perfect
you can wait up to four years for a
response and in some cases even ten plus
if you're rejected after all this you
could face deportation or go back to
start in this long and costly green
and adventure look America is a country
of immigrants except Native Americans of
course and African Americans who are you
know brought here against their will
obviously undocumented immigration is a
complex issue
which means there's no easy solution but
maybe before building a wall or issuing
highly specific travel bans we should
focus on building a better system for
welcoming new folks in thanks for
watching we'll see you next time right
here on decoded
