if you think anti-semitism is over you
clearly haven't read our comment section
you might think discrimination against
Jewish people which is known as
anti-semitism and Romani people called
anti Romani ISM ended with the Holocaust
and World War two but this kind of
hatred still thrives in 2016 and it's
popping up especially in conversation
surrounding the presidential election to
talk about this firsthand
I've enlisted the help of journalist
Dana Schwartz thanks Francesca did you
know that outspoken anti-semite and
former KKK leader David Duke has
endorsed Donald Trump for president or
that on several occasions
Trump has retweeted accounts run by
neo-nazis like more than once back in
July the Republican candidate for
president even tweeted an image of
Hillary Clinton in front of piles of
money with the six-sided star declaring
she's the most corrupt candidate ever of
course Trump denied that it was an
anti-semitic reference claiming that it
was a sheriff's star or regular star but
it doesn't take a history expert to
realize that this lousy excuse for a
meme is reminiscent of Nazi propaganda
which portrayed Jewish folks as greedy
and corrupt in order to stir up public
hatred of them I'm not even reading too
much into that image it was literally
posted on a neo-nazi web site implying
that hillary was owned by jewish bankers
white supremacists Trump supporters have
even gone as far as creating a Google
Chrome extension which highlighted
common Jewish last names with three
parenthesis whenever they appeared
online that way anti-semites could
specifically recognize when a Jewish
reporter wrote an article and then
harass them about it Trump denies that
he promotes anti-semitism but just this
month his own son casually joked that if
Republicans were acting like Hillary
Clinton the media would be warming up
the gas chamber right now it's important
to hold people accountable in instances
like that where they casually refer to
the Holocaust because these are marks
minimize the tragedy and the devastation
it caused and they encourage white
nationalists who still exist today part
of the reason so many don't take
anti-semitism and anti-roman ISM as
seriously as we should it's because of
how we talk about it if there's anything
we've learned over 60 plus episodes of
decoded it's that our speech is often
influenced
in ways we don't realize lots of
misinformation has shaped how we speak
about the Holocaust and the people who
are affected by it in both the past and
present we've even made this huge
mistake on our own show which is what
inspired us to tackle the things people
often get wrong when talking about the
Holocaust
today misconception number one it's okay
to use the Holocaust as a comparison or
a joke in our video five excuses for
slavery that need to stop we used the
example of the Holocaust Museum in
Washington DC as proof that America has
seriously acknowledged the Holocaust as
a tragedy versus the lack of an
african-american museum to acknowledge a
transatlantic slave trade this was both
out of line and incorrect on our part
since releasing that episode the
National Museum of african-american
history and culture had its official
opening in Washington DC on September
24th 2016 which is great news still it's
not fair to pick two distinct tragedies
like the Holocaust and American slavery
against one another to try and make a
point but this kind of comparison
happens a lot with people likening the
Holocaust to everything from abortion to
the meat industry and casually calling
someone a grammar nazi or feminazi
is not only a rolling leon creative but
totally undermines how awful the nazis
actually work i mean there are people
alive right now that actually survived
nazi germany what they went through is
nothing like someone going in on one of
your tweets your is possessive your is a
contraction as in you are sorry I had to
get that off my chest and look no one
died misconception number two the
Holocaust was an example of white on
white genocide Dana you want to take
this one the Holocaust specifically
targeted Jewish and Romani people as not
white because of pseudoscience that
claimed they were inferior to the Aryan
race and should be killed to improve the
overall health of the German people as
I've mentioned in previous episodes
whether we're talking about Aryan
Caucasian or Irish
throughout history whiteness has been a
moving target with certain groups being
granted or denied white status and
because of this there are numerous
misconceptions as to where Jewish and
Romani people fall in terms of whiteness
largely because both groups predate the
idea of whiteness itself misconception
number three the Holocaust only targeted
Jewish people in our five excuses
every video we also made the mistake of
saying that Germany subjected millions
of other ethnic groups to genocide in
addition to the Jewish people
while this was partially a case of
missing it does highlight a common
misconception
too often it's glossed over that the
Holocaust was also an effort to
eradicate Romani people as well as
homosexuals people with disabilities
Jo's witnesses Catholic priests as well
as millions of Polish people Hungarians
cheques and other Eastern Europeans they
even set up a program to sterilize black
children TLDR the nazis hated lots of
people misconception number for America
was 100% the hero of the Holocaust
because the role America played in the
Holocaust is often oversimplified in
classrooms and pop culture as entirely
positive you might be surprised to learn
our nation's involvement wasn't totally
flawless in 1939 the u.s. literally
turned away a ship of 900 German Jewish
immigrants 250 four of which ended up
being killed in concentration camps
shortly after that the u.s. rejected a
proposal to allow 20,000 Jewish children
to come to the US for safety the Nazis
even garnered a lot of support in the
u.s. in 1939 20,000 members of an
American Nazi group called the German
American Bund rallied together in
Madison Square Garden major American
companies like Standard Oil and DuPont
chemical did business with the Nazi
regime and even recruited former Nazi
scientists after the war and Henry Ford
considered one of the greatest American
inventors of all time was an outspoken
anti-semite and Nazi sympathizer
the Holocaust may have taken place in
the past but it's legacy still lives on
today so we should give it the
respectful treatment it deserves thanks
to our guest Dana and thanks for
watching
we'll see you next time right here on
decoded
you
