your name is your identity and something
you're supposed to take pride in and
feel ownership of but when teachers
co-workers and friends constantly screw
it up and don't even try to get it right
that can really change how someone feels
about their place in the world so we
decided to talk to a few people that
have first-hand experience with this my
name is reka Shankar not Rika not Rekha
and definitely not Rachel
my name is 1 G Co so that's like a
number one and a letter G and Co like
company in one word so 1 G Co my name is
Momo poojaís not mom or Paille namu mo
poojaís not mom ooh
it's Momo puja it's so simple my name is
mama do not armadillo na Marmaduke na mu
mu naught mu mom mama do if you want to
say my name correctly
it's Medi some venues but you can just
say maritza Montana's and that's the
anglicized easy version that you should
be able to say people miss Browns my
name uh seven days a week in sixth grade
my English teacher mispronounced my name
for an entire year open mic is just like
mad mad mad jim mac then Mumma like it I
have to introduce myself with a little
mnemonic like I'm Rekha you know like
rake is in the thing for leave and I
still get my name is pronounced even
with the mnemonic when somebody actually
gives me that question like hey am i
saying this correctly immediately I want
to marry them you just be like oh they
said Ransa that's so exciting that's how
low the bar is that's how many people
have mispronounced my name and didn't
care about it so there's a bunch of
different types of mispronounced errs
there's the gracious mispronounces
somebody who's trying their best and is
gonna keep trying if everyone did that
oh it'd be great
we'd all be in such a better place
there's the mumblers that kind of start
and then trail off into the distance
nervous maritza what's the Doppler
effect yeah they're begging for you to
like Hey
please work something out
then there's the nickname errs there are
two types of people who are nicknames
the people that give you a shortened
version of your name like hey mama
that's not my name and the people that
give you an English version name like
hey Martin is like I didn't have a dream
I had a tennis teacher once that was
like Rekha yeah I'm just gonna call you
Rachel
thanks other parents you don't get to
assign me a nickname that's not how it
works
I like the nickname er who doesn't even
say your name just says fillings for
your name like my guy yo what up dog my
G my dude no one should be a nickname
but they're terrible people
then there's the whatever people these
people don't care about your name at all
you will correct them they will say
whatever they have been saying and then
just say whatever we're definitely not
gonna be friends I already don't like
you so this is not good if you do this
you are a bad person when you get your
name mispronounced all the time it makes
you feel like less of an individual
because you have to respond to all these
things that are not your name dealing
with this almost every day is mostly
just exhausting if you don't say my name
correctly it's basically like saying I
don't care about you as a person imagine
if your name was Rachel and you had to
start responding to rational or raffle
that's not your name it's nobody's name
and it sounds gross when someone says my
name right it feels just like oh we're
baseline agreeing that I'm a person
you're younger it's really easy to feel
discouraged by your name but as you get
older everybody loves hear in your name
and then they want to say and then you
want to hear your name being set by
people you take pride in it it's like
things go from being a negative to being
a positive for you so say my name right
or my mom's coming for you
so if you mispronounce someone's name
this is what you should do
step one say I'm sorry is this how you
pronounce it and if you get it right
that's the only step you're all set if
you don't go back to step one
