do you find yourself feeling that your
country just doesn't look the way you
remember it and part of you wishes you
could somehow return to a time when
America was great again
well now you can hear at simpler times
you'll meet other real Americans who are
trying their best to forget the last 50
years of so-called progress or even
pretend they never happened at all
oh you there what do you think of that
President Obama a president named Obama
that'll be the day
what's next a woman president finally a
place you can enjoy your golden years
without all that PC culture being shoved
down your throat listen I'm the furthest
thing from a bigot there is but I'm sick
and tired of these transgender people
getting to dictate what bathroom
everyone uses it's madness that's why
it's simpler times we like to keep
things simple just like they were in the
good old days here there's no question
which bathroom you should use no matter
who you are four bathrooms
now that is simpler you can almost taste
this simple can't you hey I'm sorry but
uh what's down there Oh in that wing
things get even simpler I'd stay down
here if I were you mister Oh Hannah Han
works for me finally at simpler times we
know your health is of the utmost
importance and ladies I hope you trust
her husband's judgment because he'll be
in charge of all your medical decisions
from now on him but he's an idiot
also I'm legally required to inform you
that any meds or treatments invented
after 1952 are not permitted here
smoking is allowed and encouraged
including in the cancer ward oh and try
not to get polio we don't have a vaccine
for that yet so what do you guys think
are you it sounds good dolls except I
think there's just one thing we would
change
simpler times retirement home we make it
safe
I can't wait to text the crane kids to
come visit us simple
