our Hispanic people white well that
depends on who you're talking to
there's a very confusing statistic about
the percentage of white people in
America thanks to a clause in the US
census that refers to white non-hispanic
now if you're white with European
ancestry Asian with Asian ancestry or
black with African ancestry this may not
be something you've ever even thought
about let's look at the 2010 census if
you check the box that simply says white
this registers you as white non-hispanic
which makes up 62% of the population but
together white Hispanics and Latinos are
77% of the population now that seems
like a quick way to boost the number of
white people living in this country
that's because it kind of is and if that
also seems really confusing that's
because it is so if you ever hear anyone
say this is America and 77 percent of it
is white whether they know it or not
they are in fact including a very large
number of people who identify as
Hispanic or Latino if you look at the
2010 census application again the
difficulty is that Hispanic is not
considered a race the census asks you to
choose your Hispanic Latino or Spanish
origin then choose your race between the
six categories offered not only is this
a hell of a shock when you consider that
over 55 million US citizens are Hispanic
but I guess the some other race category
is supposed to be a passive aggressive
catch-all for their beautifully diverse
culture and even that option doesn't
really work according to the US Census
Bureau
most people who mark some other race are
often counted as white
so if Hispanic isn't a race then what is
it well before we get to that we
actually have to settle another
important thing what's the difference
between Hispanic and Latino so I'm gonna
let some help from my friend kat lazo
thanks for having me Francesca so it may
get a little confusing if this is your
first time hearing this so I'll try to
keep it as simple as I can Hispanic
refers to people of spanish-speaking
origin it means you have a family
history in a spanish-speaking country
this means you have origins in these
countries including Spain but notice how
Brazil isn't included on the map well
that's because they don't primarily
speak Spanish they speak Portuguese
which brings us to Latino or Latin X if
you want to be gender and clue
if which you should be lucky Lex refers
to having origins in Latin America which
is basically the countries in North and
South America that are geographically
south of the United States including
most of the Caribbean and unlike
Hispanic Latin X excludes much of Latin
America's colonizer Spain so one more
time
Hispanic refers to language and Latin X
focuses on geographic location but
whichever term you use neither of them
actually refer to racial identity just
like America Latin America has a long
and complex history that intersects
between native people European
colonization African slavery and global
immigration patterns which is why there
are white Latinos native Latinos black
Latinos Asian Latinos and every kind of
mixture that you can think of does that
help yeah that does help but I think
part of the problem we're dealing with
here is the broader confusion between
ethnicity and race as we've covered race
is not biologically real it's basically
an ever-shifting categorization that
sometimes includes ethnicity and
sometimes doesn't but when it comes to
ethnicity there are legitimate
differences between groups of people
that aren't based on external
characteristics and yes ethnicity can
get fuzzy but there are cultural
practices you can associate with it
like language cultural values and
traditions which is why Vann Argentinian
couple adopts baby from China that baby
will most likely grow up speaking
Spanish and rooting for Lionel Messi the
simple answer race doesn't exist but
ethnicity does exactly the reason this
gets so confusing when we're talking
about lucky necks in America is that
there's a broad ethnic Latin X identity
that has a complex history with lots of
different racial groups living together
la Fenix is in a race but we're
definitely racialized as a people which
is confusing and I'm the one who said it
the US and Latin American media has done
a great job at constructing an image of
what Latin X look like and that image is
rarely black or fully indigenous for
example we like the rest of the world
have internalized these messages of
white supremacy through the media and
through our education so it's no wonder
that when Latin X here in the US are
confronted with deciding their race
based on the census in a predominantly
black and white binary society many of
us default to white
I personally identify as a mixed-race
Latino within
junus ancestry but that's just me there
are multitude of ways that Latin X
choose to identify racially but it's up
to us to unlearn much of what we've been
taught about race and demand better and
more accurate forms of representation
damn there has to be a better way to
talk about this well there is a better
way the census is planning to make
changes in 2020 in one huge way they're
going to stop using the word race
altogether Hispanic Latino and Spanish
origin will be a category like
everything else with no qualifiers that
means people will now check the
categories that best describe them this
will not only give us a better idea of
how many people identify as Hispanic or
Latino but could also give us a better
idea of multiracial and multi-ethnic
numbers so to return to the original
question are Hispanic or Latino people
white well some are and some art but to
quote the 2013 Census Bureau report race
and ethnicity are not quantifiable
values rather identity is a complex mix
of one's family and social environment
historical or socio-political constructs
personal experience context and many
other immeasurable factors hmm
suprisingly woke coming from the census
special thanks to my friend Kyle also
tell us where we can find you online you
can check out my work at me too
or my personal channel the cat's meow
we'll put links in the description box
thanks so much for watching we'll see
you next time right here on decoded
