when did I realize my race I'd say I was
about 12 years old I was 10 years old I
was about 14 so I 6 years old first
grade and a girl in my class was having
a yard sale but she said that I could
not come because her mother told her
that black people steal a lot I was
honestly just really confused cuz I
didn't really understand why I couldn't
go like what does black people stealing
have to do with me I grew up in Puerto
Rico so like race really wasn't a thing
because we are the race so you'd see
people me like ah that's a black for the
Rican at the white for three and that's
a Dominican for the Rica I didn't really
get race til I was the only Hispanic we
joined an all-white fraternity and even
then it still didn't hit me till we
would go and visit the other chapters
like we'd walk in and be like oh you uh
did you know they had it they all had
the same jokes like it was always like
oh we need a metal detector now that bet
the house is clean oh here comes sticky
fingers the dumb thing is the jokes I
heard when I was 17 I still here now and
I'm 30 just different frat guys I was in
middle school and I was having lunch
with friends and a kid called across the
courtyard hey Rekha where did you get
your shoes from Kmart because you're
poor because you're from India we're ten
so this is basically my first experience
with the building blocks of a racist
argument his logic is I'm Indian
therefore I must be poor therefore I
must buy cheap shoes at a future Trump
supporter when I was 12 years old I grew
up in a predominantly white neighborhood
you know a little Spanish little black
family sprinkled in one time went to my
neighbor's house we found the trap
squirrel in a cage what did we do Manby
freed a squirrel
you got a fruit squirrels but I get home
then there's a knock on my door it's
animal control and the neighbors and
they want to tell my mom about what
happened my mom she sits me down she
says I know it was you and your friends
but you have to be careful because
people are gonna treat you differently
I've never felt like that before
where I knew I was in trouble and my mom
didn't like ground me for it she taught
me a lesson that is a mind
so I was going to this new church where
I was surrounded by kids my own age for
the first time and they all you know
were super nice but it was the jokes
that really like hit me the hardest
suddenly they were you know pulling
their eyes back to imitate mine or
speaking of eating like broken English
none of the jokes were even good my eyes
are great I was about 14 living in south
Louisiana and it was early one morning I
want to go catfishing so you got to get
in this little boat it's smaller than a
canoe and you got to go way out so I'm
getting my friends together and my one
friend who's black she said no and I was
like why not come on it's fun danger and
she was like I'm black I'm not gonna go
seek out danger that happens to me all
the time oh yeah so I was born in Canada
and when I was about 5 years old my
family moved to the US and before I
could enroll in my public elementary
school they made me take this test which
I thought was like a fun test that every
kid had to take and then I talked to my
parents about it and they were pissed
because it was a test for in Seoul which
is English for speakers of other
languages I'm from Canada not China
never China so I passed that test I went
to a small private middle school at
about 65 kids mostly black and Hispanic
and every Friday they had a speaker
series one time a blond-haired blue-eyed
woman came and this beats us and my
classmate said to her you have very
beautiful eyes and my principal
corrected her and said no you have
beautiful eyes
it made me kind of understand that the
market beauty isn't whiteness it's how
you feel about yourself that moment made
me feel proud to be black if I go back
in time I tell my younger self to fuck
with them more to pass that isaw test
with flying colors and then show up only
speaking Chinese first thing I'd say is
don't get in that boat amber okay it's
gonna fall over and it's gonna be really
scary and the second
I'd say to my friends is I'm sorry I
didn't know honestly I don't know what I
would do like part of me thinks I would
tell the teacher but like what's she
supposed to do you can't forced that
girl's mom to not be a racist
it's weird cuz I don't know what I would
have told my 12 year old self I think
that it's good that that happened
because if I didn't get that lesson then
I could have gotten that lesson in a way
different deadlier way so I rather be
about some private world love your old
Joel just practice your smile for every
time a white person thinks they're
saying something super clever about your
race you know just a good don't worry
your shoes were awesome
