there are over a billion Muslims
worldwide ranging in every size shape
and color
even though Hollywood in the news might
lead you to believe otherwise so to
prove how ridiculous it is to assume you
can tell who is or isn't a Muslim we
sent our friend cream into the streets
of New York to play a little game we
like to call can you guess the Muslim
thanks Francesca I'm here with Mamadou
Nitta and Rekha and we're here to see if
people can guess who is or isn't a
Muslim there's five people on this list
that are Muslim since 25% of the world
is Muslim and I want you to choose them
I feel like everybody on this it's
probably Buffalo can't really tell but
here we go
uh-uh nope nope right here he's tan
he's tan tan no I met this guy oh yeah
happy to be a Muslim he does look very
happy but he is not Muslim you got two
more he's Muslim wow you actually did
better than a lot of people you got 3
Muslims I'll actually tell you who they
were
that's an Indonesian right there and
then we got that woman Chinese Muslim
that's the next one and this woman there
so now that was round one and now we're
gonna go to round two you're gonna
choose from these celebrities who you
think is the muscle is Aziz close but no
thank you bill it's Dave Chappelle is it
good this is a band from one direction
tell me out of these three who is the
Muslim I'm going with the obvious and
say San Malik good job and have fun out
of these three who is the Muslim Lauren
no ro it's not to be Janet Ben that's
right really
it's Janet Jackson really do you guys
know any of these guys here yeah Lupe
Fiasco yeah and maybe most stuff you got
it but there's actually more Ice Cube
Muslims that's right oh wow it for sure
drop dr. Phil you're actually wrong it's
Donald Trump really no I would guess dr.
oz you're actually right it is dr. oz
that's really cool why not more people
know this that's why we're doing this
now for round three from these three
beautiful people here who are the two
Muslims okay
okay hmm I just feel like I cannot you I
honestly can
you've got it I'm gonna be straight up
with you that's a really good answer
really good answer you know why you
can't really judge I do want to ask you
what did you learn from this it's
impossible it's impossible you can't do
it I'm not great at profiling people I
guess that's actually a good thing has
anyone ever been surprised that you
yourself are Muslim absolutely and then
I took I'm Muslim have to explain the
entire Muslim religion to them at that
point they're like wait prove to me that
your most I've said I'm Muslim you
should just be able to believe that so
with everything that's going on in the
current situation what do you think it's
like for Muslims in America right now
there's massive amounts of
discrimination with the Orlando shooting
yeah um which is crazy because a lot of
my Muslim friends are queer and it's
terrifying to walk around and be afraid
that people are going to judge you based
on your look and then perpetuate those
stereotypes on to you and and it's
really wrong and scary the fact that
there are people like Donald Trump and
other people who are taking extremists
values and putting that on 25% of the
people in the world shame people don't
know enough about Muslims uh not just
the way they look it's the way they live
the more people would know about their
Muslims maybe they'd accept them more in
our society well thank you so much I was
very awesome I appreciate your time man
very cool well there you go guys Muslims
are just like you and me we come in
different colors shapes sizes
nationalities and orientations I think
we're good here back to you Francesca
thanks so much Kareem make sure you
check out Kremes channel are we famous
now for more of his great videos thanks
for watching and we'll see you next time
right here on decoded
Coco how do you feel about Donald Trump
as I don't ask me that question
