we really need to talk about how black
women are portrayed in pop culture cut
great but let's get it really perfect
from the sassy black friend to the sexy
prostitute on the wrong side of the
tracks to the overly helpful house
cleaner black women are so very often
stereotyped in pop culture but these
stereotypes are more than lazy writing
they have long histories so maybe we
should just get rid of them
meet the Jezebel she's sexual she's
aggressive she just wants it all the
time you know what I mean and
considering we live in such a hyper
sexual world the Jezebel must be a new
thing right not even close
when Europeans the first trumpet to
Africa in the 17th century they were
shocked that African dress exposed so
much skin totally ignoring the fact that
it's way hotter in Africa than in Europe
why don't you have 17th stuff thought
the horny European explorers then
assumed African women were sexually lewd
animals trying to seduce them and thus
the Jezebel stereotype was born and in
19th century America the long-running
stereotype of African women with large
sexual appetites was often used by slave
owners to justify rape in fact it was
argued that it wasn't possible to rape a
black woman because of that fabled
sexual appetite cuts of a Jim Crow South
and everyday items like ashtrays
postcards and drinking glasses depicted
over sexualized images of black women
and girls reinforcing this dangerous
stereotype and it was dangerous during
that time black women were regularly
assaulted by white men and they rarely
faced criminal charges and while this
stereotype has persisted throughout TV
and film history today you can usually
find the Jezebel archetype in music
videos and all over reality TV it also
pops up in the policing of black women's
bodies and sexuality just as Rihanna or
Nicki or Beyonce but remember too much
sexuality can be threatening so meet the
mammy mammy is fat old and a very dark
skinned she was given these physical
traits to show that she was undesirable
and proved that white slave owners
didn't find black women attractive
the mammy lived on through Jim Crow to
imply that black women were only fit to
be domestic workers we began to see the
mammy characters everywhere from books
and movies to advertising like Aunt
Jemima and if you think this stereotype
doesn't still have power in media the
first black woman to win an Academy
Award for acting with Hattie McDaniel
playing a slave era mammy in Gone with
the Wind 70 plus years later the
incredibly talented Octavia Spencer won
an Oscar for playing a 1950s style mammy
in the help
so black women are either seductresses
or non-sexual happy workers so what else
is there meet the head strong black
woman she's loud she's sassy and she
doesn't take anybody she lets skip
straight to the root of this pop culture
stereotype Amos and Andy in the 1930s
this popular radio show took the world
by storm while the two main characters
were supposed to be black they were
actually voiced by white men and the
entire appeal of the show was the
mockery of black behavior and dialect as
if that wasn't offensive enough the duo
were joined by kingfish their con artist
friend and his domineering aggressive
and emasculating nagging wife sapphire
the prototypical headstrong black woman
Amos and Andy later became a TV show
which was eventually protested by the
n-double-a-cp
but the damage was already done the show
popularized racial caricatures of black
people here Americans learned that black
people were comical not as actors but as
a race following the success of Amos and
Andy sitcoms in the 60s 70s 80s and 90s
copied this portrayal of black women and
wives from The Jeffersons to Martin
black women were often shown as naggy
and always having a sassy comeback to
any challenge fast-forward to the 90s
the head strong black woman becomes the
sassy black friend with characters like
Dionne and clueless or nurse liver and
Roberts and scrubs and basically every
reality show about black women spoiler
alert is a reality popular media often
relegated black women to the
one-dimensional sidekick with lots of
sass and endless one-liners but
little personality as much as we try to
deny it media plays a major part in how
we view the world around us and promotes
a general sense of self
when 70% of black women say that they
fear their co-workers perceiving them as
the sassy black woman and then attempt
to change their personalities to fit in
don't you think it's time to retire this
stereotyped sexy shy
sassy demure black woman come with all
sorts of personalities so it's time for
media to wise up and show us in all of
our complexity instead of the OneNote
stereotypes we've seen over the years so
what other racial stereotypes are you
tired of seeing on TV and have people
ever assumed that you're like any of
those tell us in the comments below and
we will see you next week right here on
decoded as a Latina I find your comments
offensive
