hey honey yeah thank you acceptance
letter is my god okay can we snap this
morning oh yes okay yes dear Ashley we
regret to inform you that we will not be
offering you a place at the elite
university now I know this is tough and
probably the first time you've ever had
your dreams crushed but we had a
particularly strong applicant pool this
you were rejected yes was rejected you
know I bet I would have gotten in if I
was a minority I'm gonna call that
admissions office right now okay go okay
also Ashley I would encourage you not to
blame affirmative action for your
rejection why meet Jennifer sure she had
a lower SAT score than you but she built
an app that allowed people in Molly to
crowdsource clean water of course she
was getting in and Ben his grades were a
little better than yours but he's one of
the top three oboist in the country tap
schools need top orchestras Ashley and
Mia she might be a goddamn genius and
wrote her essay about inflation and
scalar fields I don't even know what
that means do you Ashley
I'm sure maybe it seems like I cherry
picked some examples but you know still
makes up the majority of our 2020 class
white kids you heard me
it's not that we're rejecting white
people from our school it's that we're
rejecting you Ashley Smith yes you
you've got average grades you are a
mediocre athlete and you're volunteering
at the senior citizens home was a very
transparent attempt at resume padding
also let's not forget that we reject
thousands of people of color too like
Marcus he thought he was definitely
getting in because he was black nope
that's just that how affirmative action
works you and Marcus may as well flip at
$75 applications he on fire and if you
really want to get upset meet Bradley
he's a legacy Bradley got him because
his dad and Grandpa both went to school
here even though he had the same GPA as
you and was just as a legacy admission
rates are upwards of 40% at elite
universities but unlike legacies
affirmative action isn't about getting
on
qualified kids into schools it's about
making sure deserving students of all
backgrounds get access to an education
they might not get otherwise we wish you
the best of luck on your future
endeavors honey your uncle Marc just
bought a building for the university
correction we are pleased to announce
your acceptance into the class of 2020 I
totally deserve this
