we're at decoded had a kind of weird
idea what if every single time someone
was racist they farted hey what's your
name
Cindy wow that's so exotic
what part of Asia is that bro from Texas
huh namaste hey are you the super oh
I'll just I thought because you were
Latino Steven Lee you Oh III didn't mean
it like that
I didn't it just oh we're doing it right
oh no no I voted for Obama twice you
know I think it was the cab driver you
know how they are I would love to have
more diversity in the workplace it's
just impossible to find qualified
candidates
I don't know you know who should play
Michael Jackson a white British guy Oh I
mean by the end of his life is basically
white yeah amen we've been friends all
this time and you didn't tell me this
how could you do something like that
okay okay really good really good let's
do it again and this time get it with
your accent just like how you normally
talk just be natural we really like you
we just don't think you're Kappa Oh
Megatron material oh no we don't do that
Noah's ruining things for real Americans
immigrants minorities and especially
Muslim I like the smell of that I'm just
waiting on an uber
what are you legal your application
looks great but I noticed you check no
in criminal history yeah are you sure no
are you sure because we do check yeah we
do check honesty is the best policy
and look I mean it would save me a step
we would just get to the bottom of
things just let me know is that a yes
it's a no are you sure because this we
could just wrap this up right now yeah
was it juvie no we're in the clink what
did you eat
were you okay Oh what that sounds great
we'll now just remember in Mexico
everybody will try to change you oh well
honey it's just in their nature it's the
way God made them okay now I have a good
time
you're really not about you you might be
asking me
the Donald Trump just take a shit on the
stage he was like dig and it was
beautiful
and I approve this message I can still
smell it that Michael B Jordan
