it's PC culture destroying freedom of
speech nope
from YouTube comments to presidential
candidates it seems a lot of people
think freedom of speech is under attack
and who might I ask is to blame the guy
PC culture
if you've ever called out racism sexism
ableism or any other oppressive ISM
you've probably been accused of being
too PC PC is of course short for
politically correct political
correctness is avoiding words or
behaviors that exclude marginalize or
insult groups of people who are socially
disadvantaged or discriminated against
basically treating people with respect
now if you ask me that doesn't sound
like a bad thing but a recent poll by
Fairleigh Dickinson University found
that 68% of Americans and eighty-one
percent of Republicans agreed that a big
problem this country has is being
politically correct even 62% of
Democrats polled agreed that being PC
was getting out of hand for these folks
political correctness is synonymous with
weakness or being overly sensitive
similar to the new term social justice
warrior calling someone PC is a way to
derail and dismiss conversations about
inequality okay PC police you're just
offended by everything
the term PC is almost always used as an
insult well it's been around for a while
it gained popularity in the 80s when it
caught on with conservatives not
liberals so why is being PC used as an
insult and what if anything does it have
to do with free speech here's the thing
it's not just about hurt feelings it's
about calling out oppressive power
structures and that's where the
misunderstanding comes in what's
perceived as being too sensitive is
usually someone speaking out against
lazy offensive language that doesn't
usually get challenged that's because
the group of people but those words hurt
historically have it have the
opportunities to have their voices heard
and the people who call that being too
PC are often in privileged positions and
don't want to or haven't had to think
about what they're saying or the
consequences that come with it you can't
take away my freedom of speech just
because you're offended well yeah in
America freedom of speech simply means
the government cannot prohibit you from
expressing yourself its wife can
criticize Obama without being through
in jail but on an interpersonal level
freedom of speech does not mean freedom
from consequences
technically no subject on earth is
off-limits you can say whatever you want
but in turn people are allowed to
respond however they want the fact that
you can comment means you're not being
censored
if you tell a crappy sexist joke and
someone says hey that was a crappy
sexist joke that's free no speech and if
you post some races buchta on Facebook
and your boss decides she doesn't want
to employ people who spew racist book
them on Facebook you still a freedom of
speech and you're free to take that
racist bull somewhere else
America PC culture treating others with
respect social justice warriors whatever
you call it isn't prohibiting anyone's
freedom of speech it's mainly about
people standing up for themselves and
asking to be spoken to and spoken about
in a respectful way
in fact political correctness is
expanding free speech we're adding words
to the dictionary every year in an
effort to promote more inclusive and
respectful speech last year alone the
OED added microaggressions mansplain in
a whole host of gender terms like
cisgender a gender and gender fluid to
the dictionary that seems like giving
more speech to more people not less so
have you ever been accused of being too
PC or maybe you've been thrown in jail
for saying the n-word how do you still
have internet access tell us about it in
the comments below and we'll see you
next week right here on decoded and our
last vlog we asked why does privilege
make people so angry here's what you had
to say you're right the dorky Dorcas
most of those dorks didn't watch the
video and if it wasn't copyright
infringement I would start singing the
story of my life right now
oh I'm sorry Peter he liked it so I put
a ring on it
Alexandra this is a great comment it's
so awesome that you understand privilege
and I want to make sure everyone reads
it so I'll miss sit here and celebrate
while you read the comment in our last
sketch we talked about why you can't
sound white here's what you had to say
key vlogs I'm so sorry to hear that
that's happened to you it seems like
reading from the comments this is an
experience lots of people had hopefully
this video shed some light in the
conversations so this insult can stop
April that is terrible and for everyone
else it's also an example of
institutional racism you know what Jay
Corbett you are petty as hell and so is
your momma but I like you for it
