when it comes to social justice there's
one word that can stop almost any
conversation dead in its tracks
privilege if you've ever stumbled into a
conversation about racism you've
probably heard the phrase white
privilege which has been ruffling
feathers since the phrase became
commonplace in the 1960s the concept of
privilege isn't limited to race but when
it's brought up no matter who you're
talking to
too often the response isn't very
friendly Rivage how dare you so what
exactly is privilege and why does
talking about it makes so many people so
angry privilege is defined as a special
right or advantage available only to a
particular person or group of people in
the context of social inequality it
means that some groups of people are
treated better than others based on
their race gender class sexuality or
physical ability now here's the thing
about privilege everyone has it you've
got privilege
you've got privilege we've all got
remember so for example as an
able-bodied person I've never struggled
to find a bathroom that I can
comfortably access or gone out to lunch
with friends to only realize that I
can't find a parking spot to get into
the restaurant or even fit through the
door when I turn on my favorite show I
can watch and enjoy with ease because I
don't require captions or descriptive
narration which too many shows don't
have so why does talking about privilege
make some people angry I think there are
a number of reasons why privilege can be
difficult to talk about number one when
people hear the word privilege it feels
like they're being blamed when we use
privilege in everyday conversations we
hear phrases like X is a privilege not a
right
so the vocabulary makes it seems like
it's something that you don't deserve
combine that with the fact that
conversations about social inequality
tend to be very passionate it's easy to
understand why someone might be upset
when check your priveledge comes up no
one wants to be the bad guy and for some
people the concept of privilege feels
like they're being blamed for something
that's out of their control and when you
think about it that way sure that's
bound to make someone angry number two
which makes people feel guilty talking
about privilege is not meant to make you
feel guilty
guilt isn't productive acknowledging it
isn't about shame it's about challenging
the system that perpetuates inequality
the existence of privilege isn't my
fault or your fault but understanding
and acknowledging it is an important
first step in working to make a world
with these obstacles don't exist
however ignoring the problem or refusing
to acknowledge the problem exists just
allows it to continue and thrive number
three anger is a defense mechanism for
some people talking about privilege
feels like they're being attacked but
once that their privilege is going to be
taken away in reality privilege
describes things that everyone should
experience for example as a straight
person I don't encounter people passing
judgment when I'm affectionate with my
husband in public that's not a bad thing
it should be that way for everyone no
matter their sexual orientation number
four they just don't understand
privilege
the thing about privilege is it's kind
of hard to see it's like when a horse
has those blinders on they can see
what's in front of them but there's a
whole bunch of stuff in the peripheral
that they can't see as wonderful as it
would be for everyone to be treated
fairly and equally matter who they are
that's just not the world we live in
privilege doesn't mean you're rich a bad
person have had everything handed to you
or have never had challenges or
struggles it just means that there are
some challenges and struggles that you
won't experience because of who you are
so when you've lived your whole life
with something it's hard to understand
what it's like for those without now
it's impossible for me to guarantee that
every time privilege is brought up it's
justified or that everyone talks about
these issues in a responsible way that's
free of name-calling or personal attacks
and unfortunately if you've ever had a
particularly nasty encounter that
included the word privilege then you
might be turned off forever but if you
want to support a quality for everyone
which I hope is why you're watching this
show it's important to remember that
these conversations are inherently tough
but necessary and the discomfort or
anger you may feel when talking about
our understanding or acknowledging your
privilege pales in comparison to the
oppression that those on the other side
of the coin deal with every day so if
you ever had difficulty talking to
someone about privilege or maybe you had
trouble understanding it or even
acknowledging it tell us about it in the
comments below and we'll see you next
week right here on decoded in our last
sketch we revealed the secret training
camp for social justice warrior
here's what you had to say you're right
Nick there's nothing wrong with poking
fun at yourself but there's also nothing
wrong with sending up for the rights of
everyone Oh
Logano you are onto our secret plan ha
ha ha ha you know what Naruto I also
support freedom of speech but saying
that you're offended or sharing how you
feel about something is not inhibiting
your freedom speech freedom of speech
does not mean freedom of consequences
you
