so Donald Trump thinks the US should
stop admitting Muslims into the country
and register all Muslim citizens in
response many people have started
comparing Trump to Hitler but is that
really fair now look in no way do I want
to stand up for Donald Trump but I gotta
be honest the Hitler comparisons kind of
bother me
mainly because as far as I know Trump
has an advocated genocide and even
though he said some incredibly racist
and xenophobic things in his campaign
for the White House I think it's kind of
unfair to the millions who lost their
lives in the Holocaust along with the
remaining survivors but with that being
said there is some merit to the
comparison it all comes down to fascism
so you've probably heard people calling
Donald Trump a fascist but what exactly
does that mean the simplest explanation
is a way of governing a society in which
a dictator controls the lives of the
people and no one is allowed to disagree
with the government now Trump isn't a
government leader just yet thank
goodness but a lot of his policies do
have fascist traits number one a fear of
difference see Trump's comments about
Mexicans and Muslims number two elitism
and contempt for the weak Trump is
always going on and on about the u.s.
being weak and that his leadership is
needed to make America great again
number three
celebrating aggressive and violent
masculinity like when Trump supporters
beat up a guy for protesting with black
lives matter at one of his rallies and
Trump cheered them on number four using
whatever language he can that he knows
will rally people even when there was a
ridiculous half prank about the
Starbucks red cups ruining Christmas he
mentioned it in a speech we may laugh at
what he's saying but he's just appealing
to people's emotion to create a
cult-like following and these are only a
couple of them the good news is were not
in the state of economic depression that
Germany was in in the 1930s the bad news
is that desperate people look up to
zealots because they're providing quick
solutions and playing on fear the more
we associate words like fascism with
Donald Trump the more we realize how out
of balance he actually is in terms of
what does make America great so what do
you think about the Donald Trump Hitler
comparisons tell us in the comments
below and we'll see you next week right
here on decoded
are you from originally I'm from
originally where any of us from
originally let's go back to the very
beginning the Big Bang
