why is it totally okay to call cars and
boats she but then when an actual trans
person or a gender non-conforming person
asked to be called she its controversial
there's been a lot of public debate
lately on the issue of pronouns like can
you choose your own and are there really
more pronouns that he and she and what's
going on with a to help me answer these
questions I brought on my friend Patti
Harrison she's here to help hey Patti
how are you I'm great how are you doing
French what did you just call me
friendship I know you like to be called
Francesca but French is easier and
quicker for me to say so I'm just gonna
call you that now okay I'm gonna go lots
of colleges have started requesting
students disclose their gender pronouns
so their professors know how to refer to
them in class one boy at University of
Michigan found this policy to be
ridiculous
says protests he told teachers that his
pronoun was not he or she or them but
his majesty he felt the pronoun policy
was leading the school into a fantasy
land of political correctness and
allowed students to use words that
aren't even actual pronouns look the way
we refer to ourselves has changed a lot
but in order to actually understand this
we're going to have to talk about two of
the sexiest topics in the world language
and grammar Oh call one nine hundred
today when speaking English we don't
gender are nouns but we still use
gendered third-person pronouns if you
need a refresher
there are first-person pronouns like I
and me or it refers to well me your hose
then there are second person pronouns
like you which obviously refers to you
the person watching this and then there
are third-person pronouns like he/she
and they which refer to other people who
aren't participating in our conversation
these pronouns usually make talking a
little easier because instead of saying
like Beyonce a Beyonce's food because
Beyonce was hungry you can just say
Beyonce ate
because she was hungry other languages
like Finnish and Hungarian are entirely
gender-neutral and used the same pronoun
for everyone and they communicate fine
they've been doing it for a long time
Finnish language is old it's very old
but if you took French or Spanish or
German in school you probably already
know that most European languages use
gendered pronouns and have genders for
almost every new grammatical gender
decides whether a specific word is
feminine or masculine for example in
Spanish most words that end in a are
considered and most that end in o are
considered lost you learn o libro is
mostly and casa is feminine you might be
wondering what's so feminine or
masculine about books or else's well
nothing really it's all kinda arbitrary
but research has shown that the
gendering of nouns does make people
think inanimate objects have a gender
even though we logically know better he
was a bus she a slice of cheese can they
find luck find out this fall along we
bus sheet cheese until the 12 hundredths
the English language used a similar
grammatical gender instead of saying the
or a before a word Old English had a
masculine article say and a feminine
article say Yao the son for instance was
feminine oh oh there she is rising in
the East like an aroused clitoris I
guess eventually grammatical gender
disappeared from English historical
linguists aren't entirely sure why this
happened but some think that genders
were lost because of bike eggs they
postulate the mixing of old English in
Old Norse was the reason English dropped
grammatical gender nowadays she her and
he him are the most commonly used
pronouns some call these female feminine
and male masculine pronouns but lots of
people avoid these labels because not
everyone who uses them necessarily feels
masculine or feminine she and he can
encode a lot of gender stereotypes from
those pronouns we easily make
assumptions about people on everything
from their personality to their
sexuality some people are fine with
those assumptions and others are not
this is why those who don't identify as
male or female often use they in them as
pronouns since these words come across
as more neutral some people identify as
binary which means they don't identify
as either male or female some consider
themselves genderqueer which means
between or outside the conventional
spectrum of masculinity and femininity
and some people consider themselves to
be a gender which means without gender
the point is you can't always know what
someone's pronouns are addressed by
their appearance asking and correctly
using a person's pronouns is one of the
simplest ways to show your respect for
their gender identity right Francesca
you know what I'm talking about
okay but it's also true that they can
feel awkward to say about a single
person because we're used to hearing it
as a plural pronoun while he and she are
singular well sure sometimes but you
probably already do it without noticing
for example if I get a call tell them
they can call me back
gender-neutral singular one to another
you naughty grammarians did someone
leave their iPhone here that's
gender-neutral singular possessive I
told you grammar was sexy but the great
thing about language is that it's always
evolving it can be daunting to start
saying they as a singular pronoun if
you're not used to it but with a little
practice you'll be just fine
for example if Beyonce requested that
use gender-neutral pronouns you would
just say Beyonce took off their shoes
when they got into their giant mansion
see pretty easy Plus Beyonce have a
request that you do something it's not a
request at the end of the day a gender
pronoun is simply the pronoun that a
person uses to describe themselves a
good idea when meeting someone new is to
include your own personal pronouns when
introducing yourself hi
I'm blank my pronouns are blank and
blank and you're parked illegally in
front of my giant mansion if all else
fails ask very politely what their
pronouns are also never use it to
describe someone unless you're referring
to pen you eyes
that famous scary clone then chomping
out today Patti anytime French
Scot Francesca thanks for watching and
we'll see you next time right here on
decoded the movie was so scary did you
actually see it hmm the movie it I'm
sorry I don't know what that is
you
