we've all heard it before well it's a
stereotype because it's true but
actually stereotypes aren't true your
brain is actually tricking you
I trusted you right so what exactly is a
stereotype well it's a simplified
generalization that's used to describe
an entire group of people stereotypes
can be both negative like white people
can't dance and positive black people
can dance but either way stereotypes do
the same thing they lump people together
instead of seeing them as individuals
but wait you're black so of course you
could dance I mean I can do a mean
two-step but besides that I wouldn't say
I'm a great dancer
but most people think the black people
can dance stereotype is true because of
social conditioning and the media Eddie
Murphy's raw came out in 1987 and then
his famous white people can't dance joke
was repeated all throughout the 90s we
had movies like Save the Last Dance
where a white girl learns to dance for a
black guy
bring it on also perpetuated this
stereotype with rival black and white
cheerleading squads and that's just the
tip of the iceberg so how does a joke
from a popular stand-up routine
transform into a stereotype well it's
been discovered that your brain doesn't
have the cognitive ability to discern TV
from reality especially when it's
developing so 20 years later when
BuzzFeed writes articles like 17 ways
white people dance you now think yeah
white people can't dance and black
people can you've been conditioned okay
if I'm at a party and I absolutely have
to choose I'm gonna pick the black guy
over the white guy because they just
have better rhythm now you've gone
beyond generalization and in Tobias
so stereotypes are cognitive shortcuts
your brain wants to make an immediate
judgment about somebody based on their
gender race or age and you might think
this is harmless but when you apply a
stereotype behind that impulse you have
bias so let's break it down if you see
an Asian person and think yeah they must
be smart you're stereotyping because
your brain has been trained to associate
Asians with intelligence it all goes
back to conditioning the asian kid in
the Goonies was literally named
data Harold and Harold and Kumar George
Huang in law and order Cristina Yang and
Grey's Anatomy the list of Asian film
and TV nerds goes on and on and on but
if you hire an Asian person for a job
over someone else just because you think
agents are smarter back bias you're
applying a stereotype to an individual
without actually considering the
individual okay but this stereotype is
true I mean statistically Asians
outperform everyone in education and you
cannot argue with numbers here's where
things get a little complicated there's
a social psychology phenomenon called
stereotype threat and it's kind of a
double-edged sword when you hear you're
not supposed to be good at something you
tend to underperform often unconsciously
in 1995 several experiments showed that
black college students performed worse
on standardized tests compared to white
students when they were confronted with
racial stereotypes when those
stereotypes weren't emphasized black
students did just as well and even
better than their white classmates
unfortunately studies in the past 20
years show that the stereotype threat
phenomenon is only getting worse when it
comes to asian-american students many
say they feel pressure to live up to the
smart Asian stereotype and according to
a recent sociology study the Asian
American achievement paradox they're not
imagining this pressure the study found
that teachers and guidance counselors
often assume they're Asian students were
smarter putting them in advanced classes
that they didn't ask for and some Asian
students even admitted to getting better
grades than they thought they deserved
basically stereotypes can become
self-fulfilling prophecies wait you just
admitted that stereotypes are true I
knew it
sure Asian Americans often get good
grades but does that mean the socially
awkward Asian nerd stereotype is true no
absolutely not
the scientific community calls a fact
about a large group of people and
empirical generalization here's another
example men are taller than women
empirical generalization statistically
men are taller than women but in reality
there are some women more taller than
men on its own men are taller than women
is
pretty harmless but unfortunately
society then created stereotypes around
this generalization the idea that short
men overcompensate or that women don't
like short men are stereotypes they
simply don't apply to everyone but
because of stereotype threat women are
conditioned into this feeling so it's
not uncommon to hear I'm just not into
short guys and maybe short guys feel the
brunt of this and feel like they have to
go the extra mile on dates
thus the stereotype perpetuates itself
but we have the power to differentiate
between an empirical observation and a
stereotype and stereotypes are
constantly changing so we should stop
thinking about them as shorthand for the
truth
look stereotypes seem convenient and
actually our brains want to stereotype
it's easy to look at someone and assume
things about them as a group but your
first instincts aren't always right in
reality we should give people a chance
to be themselves instead of unfairly
labeling so you ever experience
stereotype threat or maybe you've
changed your mind about a stereotype
tell us in the comments and we'll see
you next week right here on decoded in
our last sketch we told the true story
of Thanksgiving here's what you had to
say you know what took si de Marmot you
are correct it was a huge mistake on our
part to say that we had killed all the
Native Americans because there are still
tons of indigenous people here today
with long and rich beautiful histories
so I hope you could accept our apologies
thanks so much Brooke I'm glad you
enjoyed it but I'll let you in on a
little secret I actually learned time
doing research for this video so no
one's immune from learning something
here on decoded you know what pirate
queen you are right I actually have
anxiety about how much I have to eat
November in December sometimes it's hard
to be an American in our last vlog we
debunked seven myths about cultural
appropriation here's what you had to say
Oh
Godot you have warmed my heart the way
to my heart is
you know what Ashley Jo you are right
there are so many cool things that black
women can do with their hair and there's
no shame in wearing a weave if that's
what you're into hey mr. Donnelly this
isn't a weave it's actually all my real
hair and yes my name is Italian but last
I checked Italians don't face oppression
for being named Francesca did you watch
the video
