and I'm thankful for my kindergarten
class who made these wonderful crafts to
celebrate Thanksgiving after the Native
Americans helped the pilgrims survive
their first winter in America
the Puritans invited them to share first
Thanksgiving oh these are adorably wrong
a five year old made that based off of
the lies that you taught them excuse me
oh it's not your fault these are full of
half-truths and historical propaganda
I thought the Native Americans and the
Pilgrims were like besties or whatever
at best the Pilgrims and Wampanoags
could be described as political allies
by the time the pilgrims showed up not
only were two-thirds of the
Massachusetts tribes completely wiped
out by European slave owners and
diseases the Pilgrims were constantly at
war with the indigenous people and
routinely tortured but what about
Squanto the Native American who learned
English to help out the peregrines he
was actually a slave that was hauled off
to Europe and then he learned English so
that he could escape but they did
celebrate it every year right not
exactly the next one was sixteen years
later and unfortunately it was because
the Puritans were celebrating the
massacre of the Pequot tribe back then
Thanksgiving was also for families
specifically murdering them okay we get
it
history is awful the Puritans were
terrible and now we have to let our
children know that the holiday started
with tons of killings happy well we
actually have just about everything
wrong with the Thanksgiving a mess
definitely didn't wear these buffalo
hats didn't land on Plymouth Rock as for
that turkey - more like venison fowl and
eel jeez oh who cares about how the
stupid holiday got started anyway
exactly in George Washington 1789
Thanksgiving proclamation the settlers
aren't mentioned not even once
Thanksgiving wasn't celebrated
nationwide until 1863 when this guy
declared a national holiday during the
Civil War
in order to bring the country together
that's why all of our foods are from the
19th century so Lincoln came up with
the whole indian pilgrim story nope that
myth didn't catch on till the 1900s
after we had fought and killed all the
Native Americans and then we put into
textbooks as fact because America but
the food is really good and if you
ignore all the terrible history like you
know the murdering the raping the
pillaging still kind of great holiday
hmm so the Mayflower is a lot why do we
eat cranberry sauce what about stuff is
Black Friday really just a capitalist
conspiracy to get poor people to bad
things so we can truly live out a
populace I'm never telling you the truth
ever again what historical narrative
says that the Pilgrims were off firing
their guns when the Wampanoag tribe just
showed up presumably to find out why the
white folks were shooting up the place
which is a question that we still ask
this very day
