during any debate about white privilege
or the pay gap you'll usually come
across this common argument but what
about Asians they make more money than
all of us right well wrong from books
like crazy rich Asians to characters
like london tipton from The Suite Life
of Zack & Cody the archetype of the
super wealthy educated asian-american is
a common one and it didn't come out of
thin air
Asian Americans do earn more than white
Americans on average but what the data
rarely shows is that economic inequality
is a huge problem in the asian-american
community and to help me talk about it
I've enlisted the help of my friend Lily
do thanks Francesca contrary to what you
might believe not every Asian American
spending their days sipping caviar and
eatin champagne 2014 study found that
while Asian Americans generally earned
more than white people they also have a
much higher rate of poverty plus the
what about Asians I guess they'll call
it an argument hides huge disparities
amongst different Asian ethnic groups
Indian Americans earn twice the national
average and median income while getting
these Cambodians and Bangladeshi
families aren't the very bottom of the
list so this begs the question if not
all Asian Americans are making it rain
and many are extremely far from it where
did this stereotype come from well like
most both it starts with a on what's the
measurement for racism again Oh ton of
racism but maybe not the type you
usually hear about because it's couched
in very positive terms what we're
dealing with more specifically is the
myth of the model minority a fairy tale
of white supremacy designed to draw a
wedge between Asian Americans and other
people of color let me tell you how it
works
myth came to prominence in the wake of
World War two
you know after japanese-americans were
literally said to internment camps by
the US government and plays on the idea
that by being hard-working education
focused and family oriented Asian
Americans found success and overcame the
massive amount of discrimination and
institutionalized racism they faced
since the 1800s the goal of the model
minority myth was twofold one which was
kind of legitimate was to explain why
Asian families were doing so well
economically in the 20 years after World
War two
the much more insidious part was to also
reinforce damaging stereo
types about blacks and Hispanics is lazy
and uneducated basically the model
minority myth is used to ask harmful
questions like geez if Asians can make
it in America why can't flag do it as
well here's the thing it wasn't hard
work education or assimilation that
helped some Asian Americans find more
success than other people of color
it was opportunity brought on by wait
for it
less racism new research has found that
what actually helped Asian Americans was
American society simply becoming a tiny
bit less racist towards them in 2016
researcher Nathanael Hilger found that
between 1940 and 1970 Asian Americans
regardless of education levels started
being paid like white people what
happened was that both college-educated
Asians and Asian high school dropouts
began to make the same as
college-educated whites and white high
school dropouts which prior to that time
period was not the case plus in 1965 the
passage of the Immigration and
Nationality Act eliminated a huge bias
in favor of European immigrants and
drove in a new group of highly selected
highly educated Asian immigrants for
example 51% of Chinese immigrants to the
US are college graduates compared to
only 4% of adults in China now you may
be thinking but Lily what's wrong with
believing all Asian Americans are
hard-working highly educated and flushed
with sweet sweet cash isn't that a good
thing well no not really
believing all Asian Americans are rich
is just as bad as believing that Dev
Patel hello and aziz ansari hello are
the same person they're not well certain
stereotypes may not seem all that bad on
the surface but the rich asian american
myth actually erases the experiences of
a large part of the asian-american
community it allows people to ignore the
economic disparities faced by other
groups like Vietnamese and Cambodian
plus lumping in all these different
ethnicities into one broad Asian
category and focusing on averages masks
the wealth disparities between very
different ethnic groups who doesn't love
being erased so with the help of the
model minority myth it becomes easy to
ignore the fact that in New York City
alone
more Asian Americans live below the
poverty line than any other minority
group at 27 percent but they receive
less than one
sent in state funding because all Asians
are doing fine I'm fine I'm great
poor asian-americans are being seriously
overlooked when it comes to things like
government funding and aid for seniors
which is a double tragedy since we all
know that Asian grandmas are stylishness
back to you Francesca look we have to
face the fact that all stereotypes are
harmful even the ones that seem good on
the surface because the rich Asian
stereotype leads to a lack of visibility
for the issues that poor Asian Americans
face and because they're ignored this
ridiculous cycle is allowed to continue
so no not all Asian Americans are rich
and just because some are doesn't mean
we get to pretend like racial gender and
economic disparities don't exist sorry
not sorry
special thanks to Lilly due for helping
out this week thanks for watching and
we'll see you next time right here on
decoded
