fine oh my goodness this is the most
McDonald's I have ever seen in my life
hello guys and welcome back to another
video today me boom
hi guys and Martin we are going to
repeating up and trying to break some
McDonald's world records including
thousands of chicken burgers Happy Meals
milkshakes
we've got the war here today oh we're
gonna be breaking up you know before we
go any further let's go back to where we
ordered all the food of the tribe
because their reaction was hilarious hi
can we have six happy meals please all
with hamburgers plain and diet cokes and
then can we also have 15 boxes of 20
chicken nuggets 15 yep yeah and then
finally as well as that okay
guys they're just authorizing it because
they like it can't put it through if I
don't have a car or something okay
oh and can we add one more thing please
can we have free banana milkshakes large
and that's everything thanks guys
I want you to calm it down
of this food on the table right now is
your favorite is it the nagas the
milkshakes the Happy Meals even maybe
the barbecue sauce I'll also if you're
new to the channel what the hell you do
it go down there and smash that
subscribe because we do crazy challenges
like this all the time I'm finally seen
as we've got thousands of chicken
nuggets and thousands of bits of it
dolls on this video guys but we're gonna
get started down with the first
challenge which is the Happy Meal
challenge
ok so boys and girls as you can see is
time for the Happy Meal challenge
greatest challenge words you have to try
and finish a happy meal so that's the
chips and the burger and the coke you've
got to try and finish it as quick as
possible now the record for this come
close mine because this is crazy
the record for this is about 15 seconds
to eat a burger chips and coke
is anyone confident going into this yeah
and get the stuff out so we've got the
chips as you can see and of course we've
got the plain harmoo oh my guys doing
tactics what tactics marketing so boys
and girls we're gonna get started with
this challenge what we got the timer
ready give me a countdown 5 4 3 2 1
five
Charlie well I'm afraid I don't feel
confident anymore
51 million 15 million 4 million 5 1
minute 23 24 guys I do a village okay
and that was challenged on Warren
I got a DNF couldn't finish now let's go
on to Martin okay it's time for Martin
he's got his pranking merch on do you
think the merger is gonna help you oh
that's why else yeah yeah that dies the
reason that is the reason mine any
strategy going into this challenge just
he just he just he he's just gonna be
okay Martin countdown three two one go
oh my god oh my god his stuff in his
mouth his stuff in his mouth look at him
down looking we go can we go he's out
eight seconds already want mine come on
you can do is go over the back up the
other babies go over the mega oh no what
was that
49 Oh No are you taking about two in a
time this video was the main one minute
twenty three you've officially failed to
a match at all in all of it all the old
I already talked to her it's almost on
guys he's got a few scraps left mine
gone you can do it you can do it you can
do it you can do it you can do it but
you can do it you could be the first one
to successfully finish it Marnie got
some chips left broken chips you can do
it you can do it please finish the cow
you can do it get the chips don't get
the chips top three minutes three
minutes
mine I think it went come on you ready
I'm scared now I can do it
honey move down Oh okay step one bite of
the burger oh wow
so my new Spidey she's not the burger
first never seen I don't do that
ha ha ha oh she's normal this is elegant
look at a guy come on come on I should
go to the jig jig over the dick you can
do it mom you can do it you don't mind
she's not really winning so far only 45
seconds go come on this is admirable
strategy from the big woman herself go
get it
look a woman 18 seconds you actually not
doing - mother yeah Krum Michelle's got
a little pile down there the ones you've
got to me come on oh my dog finish a
ball each opening everyone's able to
miss 18 mile three minutes are you gonna
be in 30 seconds to beat Martin 30
seconds mom just throws up the drink 20
seconds you still got chips on table
come on we don't drink we are joined by
a loser today
commiserations Jill you lost oh yeah
okay guys we're back
I'm right now
Challenge again this is really really
tight hair more has got just a burger oh
my god oh this is gonna be close
I think mums about to be Martin I think
Mountain after winning is about to lose
move you can do it quickly
captain vice captain Mike Scaccia this
is intense do something don't mind for
these chips no okay guys how it was that
challenge first of all really hard what
about you family it was but guys what
we're gonna do now is a different one
this is the milk shake challenge no as
you guys know milkshake are really hard
to drink through the straw this
challenge is gonna be who can drink that
milkshake fastest boo the straw guys
comment down below who he thinks gonna
win leave a like if you like these
withdrawals milkshakes and guys no I
think he's just breathe do what go
finished no way no way finish very slow
coach so guys the score so far for the
challenges was Martin would the first
one I wouldn't the second one and I'll
move the third on so guys know what
we're gonna do is move on to the final
challenge involving the chicken nuggets
to ignite yeah it's about to get a hell
of a lot worse okay so boys and girls
now we have Ben Lucas who is excited
guys what we're gonna do is we're gonna
have to see who can eat 20 chicken
nuggets the fastest is a race for 20
chickens movie ready 20 yeah we have
like are we good there harmony along and
we're gonna split it into three groups
of 20 see who can eat 20 the fastest is
everyone ready for fall oh come we are
full well what we're gonna do with the
restaurant none for more we're sure to a
four yeah we've all got 20 burgers we
did the we'll check them you had 21
everybody jump right now come on
everything's gonna win three two one go
I think this is good I'm loving what I
am
it's showing some on I never thought I
start with nearly three four five six
voiceover mine okay guys well I have
chicken over all of my face all over my
body in my body I'm guys that was
breaking McDonald's world record we did
actually break any world that goes
beyond what we got back shop one more
thing we need to do before we end this
yeah that's what my loser gets I never
told her well guys thank you so much for
watching this video this is a bit
absolutely crazy my stoic if absolutely
told me right no okay no big number but
guys if you're new hanyan already going
out there and smash that subscribe
button we do crazy stuff like this all
the time to be not subscribed you are
missing out and also guys I am like
1,000 followers off of 500,000 on
Instagram so today's Instagram shots a
girl's car Harvick who likes all my
pictures so she would shut up to you if
you're my next Instagram shout-out go
follow my Instagram like some pics and
yeah finally guys consummate ignominy
pooply's pranking mgz whatever you like
link in the description i'm finally guys
thank you so much watching and i'll see
you in my next video peace out
