I don't think anyone's gonna notice that
hello demos and welcome back to another
video firstly I just want to say I hope
y'all having an amazing day
hope you're feeling good lovin life and
today what I'm gonna be doing is giving
you some tips how you can basically
improve your life I've put together a
list of some of the most effective and
awesome life types which will literally
make your life better let's get started
now life at number one is how you can
easily do a good deed of the day right
now usually I wake up and I try and do
one good thing every single day at least
I'm not gonna lie guys sometimes I could
be better but here's a simple way that
you can make someone super happy today
literally with two taps of your phone
ladies and gentlemen if you go down
there and flush that light but I can
also smash that subscribe button you
will literally make me so flippin happy
and grateful and that right there is an
easy way that you can literally do your
good deed for the day in two flipping
seconds with to tattoo your food now
send this video just started let me give
you a way that you can start off your
day with a fine I assume most of you
have showers in the morning I mean I
guess this still works for bats but
either way after having your normal
shower but like the last 10 seconds of
the shower or bath what you want to do
is make the water really really cold and
what that'll basically do it completely
just flip and wake you up it'll raise
your awareness make you more alert and
it can actually be good for acne too
I'm not really sure how you do this in
the bath maybe just put the water tap on
cold and just dip your face under it I
guess if you just fill up your sink and
put your head in that too I used to do
this all the time back in school when
I'd be a little bit tired and I'd need
to wake up for school so I'll just be
like BAM get that cold water on my face
and it works pretty well or if you're
like a little bit crazy just make the
entire show
cold but that's only for the craziest of
people like I don't think I'm even on
that level of craziness let me give you
a tip that helped me in the past okay
I'm joking it didn't but it's pretty
cool now as you guys probably know in my
past even in my future I'm not the best
you know with the ladies even once or
twice when I asked for a girl's number
they just either wouldn't give it me or
give me a fake number this isn't just
for girls but if you ask for someone's
number and you're worried they're gonna
give you a fake number what you want to
do is read out the number they gave you
but change the last digit of the number
read out a different number if they
notice they'll obviously correct you be
like hey bruh you got the number wrong
but if they don't know just giving you a
fake number and you know you can pull
out a snake now this is one of the most
classic life hacks but this is what I
have been doing for absolutely ages now
it's actually how you make a perfect
sandwich now as you can see guys instead
of just putting your sandwich meat on
the bread you're actually cut it in
squares and lay on like in the picture
how cool is that just a really simple
one but it's effective because let's
face it here who likes Ian sandwich and
just get in the bread with no meat like
now for the next life hack I'm gonna
have to put my hands in the air and say
I am guilty of not doing this one as
much as I should if you either struggle
to get to sleep don't know why you can't
sleep or want to get to sleep easier
here is how you do it and here is what
you shouldn't do now guys everybody has
got to be honest with me here who goes
on their phone for about two hours
before they actually try and go to sleep
I do you know what guys I'm sure it's
not just me that does that so comment
down below if you do that I like the
video now I'm sure most of you probably
know already but that is not a good
thing to be doing if you're on your
phone all night it can really distract
you and keep your brain going my mom and
dad always used to tell me Morgan you're
not allowed to go on your phone before
you sleep and don't tell them guys but
I'd always sneak my phone out in the
night
go on it and then I won't be able to
sleep and I'd be like wait wait why
can't I like why can't I sleep looks
like they were right guys I know some of
you probably aren't gonna do this one
but if you stuck with sleeping or if
maybe you've got something special on
the next day that you need to wake up
for put that phone down bro okay for the
next one we're gonna jump straight into
the next life hack and this is the main
one you guys came here for how to sneak
any foods you want into the movies or
cinema if you're from UK like I am not
really sure why I'm say movies but
whatever bar now no cinemas around the
world I'm pretty sure it's not just UK
most cinemas don't let you take your own
food into the cinema that you like bring
with you and the reason they do this is
because they want you to buy it in the
cinema because I don't know if you've
noticed but they charge way more
expensive prices for the food I remember
once I wanted a bag of hair bows and bra
there were like four pounds or something
I was like what I can just go to the
co-op rather cord and get them for like
a powder you try to talk the four pound
however guys unfortunately whenever I go
to the cinema I always end up getting a
tiger rice blast even though they are
literally five-pound that you're so good
boy if you don't want to spend that much
money on the cinema food I don't do it I
don't blame you here is a cool fairly
quick and easy way that you can number
one get your food into the cinema and
number two not have to pay the stupid
prices that they make you pay in the
cinema and now guys we've got the food I
don't think anyone's gonna notice that
guys I just got tickets this is tricky
I feel really far
struggling to breathe in there cuz the
temperature in the time Oh guys looks
like the line he's working so far let's
get in there and unload the snacks
it worked now the next life hack is kind
of a exclusive one this is an exclusive
114 morgues my subscribers also if
you're not part of team logs yet what
are you doing smash me and I subscribe
bottom bro
now team logs here's a little hat on how
you can save some money I was speaking
to one my subscribers earlier and I told
him about the merchandise sale and he
said he didn't know
so tea mugs if you didn't know already
that is currently a gigantic discount
sale on all of the merchandise we've got
sales on the mg said the prank King for
prank Queen the MH the Pug life the
footprint everything and this sale is
lasting until the end of the year so
literally only like two days left that
you can use this sale before it is gone
forever so if you've got some Christmas
money left over or you just want to join
the merch squad go out there beg your
parents make them get you some of the
merch because there's only two days left
together at the discounted price link is
in description or go to
www.moldtestusa.com and is this Santa
toys and everything obviously since
Christmas has just ended if you actually
buy them now it means that next year you
won't have to pay the Christmas prices
for them because they're really really
cheap now I always used to do this guy's
you know advent calendars obviously
who's gonna buy an advent calendar after
Christmas is gone like how stupid must
you be to do that after Christmas one
day after I left school I went into my
local shop and there was an advent
calendar but 20p now I was like hmm the
amount of chocolate this actually in the
advent calendar is probably worth like
five pounds and I've bought loads of
them and I had like enough chocolate to
last me like a week and I only got me
like a pound so yeah get your Christmas
stuff now now here's a few quick ones I
go to hotels a lot if you do and you've
ever noticed the little hole in the wall
which makes you put the room card in to
turn on light
lights and stuff apparently this hole
actually works with anything it doesn't
have to be the card the hole just has to
be filter if you can see a bit of paper
or cardboard you can put in there try
out apparently actually works on a lot
of hotels if you play with water
balloons a lot and they can be quite
hard to fill up if you use a soap
dispenser filled with water it can be an
easy way to fill up your water balloons
if you want to cool down a drink really
really fast let's say you've just bought
a coke from the shop and it's warm and
you want it cold because who wants to
drink a drink warm like come on bro
rather than just put it in the freezer
if you wrap it in wet tissue and put it
in the freezer it can actually cool it
down quicker as you guys may know yours
are actually contagious hmm
about 50% of you will probably be
yawning now so if you want to find out
if someone's staring at you but you
don't know like look at them and like
speak to them because who wants to speak
to the people right when you can be
side-side all day I'm joking but if
someone staring at you and you don't
know if this down you you don't want to
ask him because that's a little bit
awkward
fake a yawn and because your arms are
quite contagious if they're your as well
raaah you've got a stalker they're
staring at your watch out now let me
tell you a story guys as you guys know I
go to London quite a lot which is
somewhere that I'm not Brahm but I go
there alone I kind of know the area one
time I got in a taxi and the taxi driver
asked me are you from around here
and I said no but the taxi driver was
taking me to the same location I'd been
a few times before so I knew which way
he was supposed to go but the thing is
guys if a taxi driver ever asked you are
you from around here and you say no
sometimes they'll actually add time on
to the delivery the doctor the delivery
onto the drive so he I ended up saying
to the guy and you go along the room and
he was like he made up some excuse like
all the traffic the traffic but there
wasn't any traffic because I was looking
a little no traffic so yeah guys every
taxi driver I sleep around here just say
yes and that that means they work they
won't change the scam email because that
costs money you know that cost money you
know what again will you you don't to be
scammed all your money bro
now this one's pretty crazy guys you
guys know I did a live FAQ video a while
ago about how to get to sleep quickly
today I'm gonna tell you what your sleep
position means about you if you sleep on
your side it can be that you are
open-minded eager maybe cynical
suspicious stubborn and quick to give up
if you sleep in a fetal position with
your knees up to your chest like a baby
it means that you can be shy but warm
organized and ready to face the day if
you sleep on your stomach which is me
and apparently only 7% of other people
in the world well that's pretty weird it
means that you and me are outgoing
brash anxious and a feeling of not being
caught off on a daily basis I don't know
if I'm anxious but I mean apparently
so I am and if you sleep on your bag
laid out like a soldier it could mean
that you're actually sensitive and
dislike criticism bro that's pretty
crazy right guys comment down below how
you usually sleep is there anyone out
there that sleeps on the front like me I
don't know I think I'm a little bit
weird I mean I'm definitely wind but
like apparently I'm even when I sleep
and finally guys for the last life hack
if you've got a sore throat and you want
to try and make your throat a little bit
better apparently if you eat a cucumber
it can actually make your filt feel
better and I don't know if you can
notice but my fellow hasn't been 100%
throughout this video I went to get
cucumber before recording this and I
didn't even have one like why is it that
my mom always has cucumbers when I don't
want to eat them but then the one time I
do can't find cucumber anywhere oh yeah
guys that was my life hack twist if you
do any of these life types or think any
of these are cool remember to drop a
like on the video and comment down below
which is your favorite and if you're new
to the channel remember to go down there
and smash that subscribe button to join
team Boggs
the merch sale is still going off entire
sale on everything you've got the mg Zed
you've got the I'm joking I'll just go
to lots of empties that long today
you've got sales on everything guys link
in the description in case of submerge I
want to say thank you all so much the
support at the moment you guys are
honestly amazing I'm feeling more like
myself again feel a little bit better
I'm glad that you guys are supporting me
so much because it means that what to me
thank you all so much for watching and
as always I've been moved you've been
awesome
and I'll see you in my next video peace
out
