Oh what the girls it is finally that
time I have the gifts over here we've
got the big bag we've got two bags in
there
one each what we're supposed to do this
no it's ready for dinner
is this a pract no no no hello guys and
welcome back to another video and I'm
pretty sure everybody watching this
knows what day is today
Poisson girls is the one day wait hold
on now that doesn't sound right boys and
girls it's my birthday oh no wait that
was last August boys and girls
it's Halloween okay seriously what day
is it I've forgot season though guys
when you're watching this this is
Christmas and I am in a great mood now
receiving gifts on Christmas is a lot of
fun but also giving them is so important
I'm so excited for my friends but I
think I'm more excited to give back and
that's exactly what we're gonna be doing
in this video I'm gonna be giving my
presents to my mom dad and you guys now
guys since it is Christmas since that
one's in the Christmas spirit I don't
want a present from you guys this year
you let me live my dream every single
day so all I want from you guys is a
like on this video literally that's all
I want for Christmas I liked all for
Christmas is there a like rating on the
video and subscribe please if you're new
and cop so much to see the guys a lot of
you ordered merch for Christmas and said
that it arrives and it's arriving and
you guys are all loving here it's so
great to see you all enjoying the merge
joining the merge squad if happens
already get joined well link in
description we had to name in London I'm
gonna go out shopping get my mom and dad
some Christmas presents and then
returned home to Surprise them with him
let's flip in do this now you guys know
me I'm not much of like a fancy shopper
for me you know
yuichi Louboutin all these brands
they've just got absolutely nothing on
the mortgage of course but today I
thought I've got to step up my game I've
got to try something new
I've got to get people some crazy
presents you know I give them mercy all
the time I'm always handing out the
merchants always giving you guys the
merch so what I've done guys I've
traveled out to these by the looks of it
most expensive part of London not
excited for this I don't want to waste
all my money on this stuff I just want
to get the morgues merch but hey let's
try it first location guys I don't know
if I should be happy excited or nervous
apparently you not all have to film in
here right but I spend a lot of money
I want film bar this is what I do
currently sat in the Gucci store haven't
found anything for mum or dad or anyone
yet however I did find a ring for myself
I always remember I'd always wear the
Rings you've got in like kinder eggs and
stuff and I used to rock them so like
maybe a little bit of an upgrade today
but it ain't looking good for mum so far
or dad or anyone guys just left the
Gucci store I have good news
firstly the bad news and they wouldn't
let me walk in there dude I tried
vlogging again they wouldn't allow it
ok I bought my mum something that's all
I got still looking for stuff for my dad
and from other people but I got my
mother present I got her purse which was
quite a lot of money let me show you
another purse I go in this bag right
here and instead of me showing at you I
thought why not wait until late on in
the video where I surprise her with the
gift to reveal it to her to you guys to
everybody keep watching till the end of
the video guys this is though so we've
come into another one of these like
designer shops low-key they're just like
you trying to be more Smurfs nothing's
got anything on the morgues much of
course but for my dad's present I'm
gonna go with something a little bit
more sentimental something that's
actually kind of funny now one of the
things I like to rip my dad for take the
makeup and boys he wears scarves all the
time and I always say when drone that
just doesn't look cool you can't be
going out there wearing a scarf but guys
I just came in to Louis Vuitton and I
found
- Louboutin scarves which I kind of like
so what I'm gonna do I'm gonna get one
for my dad and I'm gonna get one for me
and we can be matching scarf buddies
like she said though I might have to
make Mortimer scarf because these look
pretty cool we're gonna go get Danny
scarf that's cool let's do it so guys
mom said she wanted a makeup brush okay
I was in Selfridges I went and grabbed
the nearest makeup brush I could find
went and paid got to the till asked how
much it was 70 pounds I spent 70 pounds
on a makeup brush I tell you what mom if
that doesn't make you look beautiful
that I'm gonna be I'm gonna be sending
it back I need money back 70 pounds per
makeup guys that was one intense day of
shopping just get a train back now so we
can surprise mom dad Martin everybody
where they give this is gonna be dope
okay so boys and girls I am a back home
right now and oh my flippin goodness I
am excited for what's coming off what's
going down is me and mom are actually
going to dad's house yes mom and dad in
the same video and I'm gonna surprise
both of them with their gifts live on
camera this is gonna be insane dad you
guys Louis Vuitton scarf mom's got her
purse and that expensive lip and makeup
brush which I'm stolen I'll be about
I've also got them a few other bits and
bobs so that should be cool but before
we do that guys I just want to say a
massive massive massive thank you to
everybody watching this it's the
Christmas spirit it's the Christmas
season and you know to me Christmas
isn't really about gang anymore it's
more about giving which is kind of weird
because when I was young it was just all
about getting but now I think I've grown
up a little bit and you know it's so
cool when you see the happiness on
someone's face when you give them
something not just on Christmas just any
time when I part video and you guys love
it and you guys say how you enjoyed it
and stuff that is so cool for me when I
see someone who says they've got one of
the gift cards in the comment section
it's like wow that's so cool they seem
so happy and to be honest guys my mom
and my dad have supported me so so much
throughout my entire youtube career I
would not be here without them then
along with loads of other people
especially you guys have just supported
me so much it makes me so emotional
I'm literally struggling to say this
without crying but I'm gonna hold myself
together I'm gonna first to say a
massive thank you to you guys if you're
new here join the family join team walls
hit that subscribe button I love every
single one of you guys and also because
this is a special video check the
conversation right now because there's
going to be loads more gift cards in
there than usual not just one imma put
loads in there so guys let's go and
surprise dad let's go in surprise mom I
can't wait for this is gonna be dope
let's do this okay so we just arrived it
is finally that time I have over here
we've got the big comedy section two big
downloads and sometimes now this dad
yeah Happy Easter
enjoy your Easter eggs which I never got
your along with no birthday present it
says you can sell my Halloween what
Halloween please don't
yeah guys we're bringing scoffs back I
thought that well you know just the old
people thing but now I'm showing young
people can wear scarves - dad guys new
stuff and on my scarf let's move on to
mom's present so guys now it's time for
mom's present and mom has got two gifts
admittedly the first one I'm gonna give
so the first present mom I actually I'm
gonna tell you the price of this because
it makes it it'd be a little bit crazy
this was 70 pounds right I picked all
the first one I saw brung it to the till
didn't know how much is gonna be and
then then it was too late 70 oh my god
it is a 70 pound Tom Ford
oh it's time for your big present are
you ready
see first go cha-cha try to get the Box
open
oh it's a pie oh my god that is
absolutely beautiful
Oh oh my oh it's a purse oh that's
beautiful
Oh No Jer insisted I get you that one
she said you'd like it
I'm a so either zip it what is that
seriously all you care about you like it
of course
oh my god so much that means that now
your bag is worth like 40 pounds in the
purse is worth more than the bag maybe
we just don't have a bag just carry the
purse well you enjoy it's lovely
unlike the cool mom and dad you said how
you didn't have a second gift with
Darrin I've been saving the best until
last
are you ready for your Christmas to be
turned around looks like that you're
just going to go to
www.calculated.com/support you guys know
I'm all about giving back to you guys
and dad told me that we've got some
friends that watch the channel some
relatives of watch the channel
so five hats right here five Christmas
presents to some members of team mugs
let's get these signs five sign hearts
going out to team malls just a little
present from me guys having a good
Christmas
so mom hold on I got to ask you know I
have got to ask did you get any anything
oh god yes I did is it cool it's the
normal standard of presents are by you
but they might have one good one oh so
some bad ones Wow please raise them a
good one is there a good one tell them
no no what no what why because I haven't
got them they're at my house so is that
gonna have to be on your channel then
that'll have to be on my channel in the
video when's the video out it's out now
oh no people are coming to my channel
first and I'm getting more subscribers
I'm getting more views on my channel
than you so do you want me to ask people
to watch yours first
yeah maybe no don't just watch mine
first mine's always better so yeah it
looks like we're going on to Mom's
channel now for another crazy experience
I'm probably gonna get pranked but then
maybe of all good present so guys hop
over to Mom's channel link in the
description I think she surprised me
with some cool stuff but guys I just
want to say thank you all soon for
watching this video you've made this
year amazing for me this isn't an
end-of-year video but thank you so much
I hope y'all had an amazing Christmas
hope y'all got all the presents you want
- hope y'all had an amazing day hope you
having an amazing day
hope you're giving cool gifts and
receiving cool gifts having a good time
with family over on the team of shallow
but hey I like to crush you guys as my
family so I want to say thank you all so
much for watching the video
thank you to everybody this support to
me check the conversation for some gift
cards and also comment down below what
your favorite gifts you got from
Christmas was I'm all your favorite one
that you gave was too because it's about
giving to bros thank you so much for
watching and as always I've been mugs
you guys been awesome and I'll see you
in
please
