come on fingers crossed
boys and girls have I got a treat for
you today is back
however the pranking needs to go inside
because it's hella windy out here bro ha
ha ladies and gentlemen boys and girls I
told you guys this was coming I warned
you all I told Dad this was coming and I
warned him too ladies and gentlemen
today is the day the prank King gets
revenge on dad
now if you haven't already seen the
video a few days ago dad took a prank on
me and he took it way too far he poked
my air mattress and sabotage my 24-hour
challenge meaning that I got humiliated
in front of everyone
and then as well as I he saw the
treasure home video I did with dad he
won 10,000 pounds off me so for those
videos will be linked in the description
if you want to watch them after this one
well guys guys where I draw the line
after he pranked me after he stole my
money I thought I need to do something
to get him by the prank King doesn't go
down without a fight that's when it came
to me guys he wouldn't money off me and
he sabotage my video in the pool muddy
pool why don't I steal his money that he
originally won off me and then put it in
the pool obviously if you don't know
happens when money guess what it ain't
good bro Oh guys before we get this
prank started
I asked you guys are you excited for
Christmas because I am super excited for
Christmas bro like for real I'm gonna be
posting so many crazy videos over the
Christmas period if you're not already
subscribed you're gonna be missing out
I'm gonna be posting bright challenges
DIYs it's gonna be crazy there's gonna
literally be amazing so if you're not
already subscribed go down there and hit
that subscribe and also guys I'm gonna
challenge you today it's been ages since
I've challenged you guys with a huge
like target and I wanna see if the like
Target Kings can still smash it guys
let's shoot for Bowers and like on this
video I do not know if you guys can do
it by it's a huge test to you guys but
honestly if everyone goes down there
right now and hit that like button we
can do this and finally guys if you're
not already rockin you're pranking merge
remember
go get your pranking merch and also guys
by the time you're watching this my new
merch might actually already be out I'm
dropping pub life merge on the sexual
December so check your phone's if it's
the 2nd of December or pasta then the
new merch is out so remember go cut some
of that in the description below all get
some planking merch like I'm wearing
today it's always Wi-Fi it's the best
merch out there okay ladies and
gentlemen so I think it's time we get
started with the prank right now now the
thing is guys I've got these bags right
here which are waterproof which I'm
gonna put the money in because obviously
I don't want to like kill 10,000 pounds
like jeez I mean I mother done I don't
like the guy at the moment but I don't
want to like kill his tan grandma that's
a bit too far but guys the problem is I
haven't actually got the 10,000 pounds
like I've got these bags I got some tape
the money's actually in the safe and
this is where I think we're gonna have
to turn on stealth mode because I need
to go and try and guess the combination
and I start this video and everything
before I even know the combination so
this is hella risky fam but let's get
stealth mode on in free to warn fine
okay you're so gonna be stuff we got
here we go here we go here we go I'm
sneaking up on the safe I'm seeing you
look on the safe y'all stealth mode is
on I mean guys I'm in fantasy okay okay
we have to crack this thing okay guys so
I'm gonna try a few different new
combinations right now okay
no all the way down no no a tent number
one with a fail looks like I'm gonna
have to come back here over time number
two once the safe is back right guys
safest back we've got three more tries
i'ma go with haha every number is it
already come on Morgan think maybe if we
go for come on come on come on come on
no oh there's one more number which I
associated with dad and I don't know if
I'm gone when this but huh may as well
try come on
fingers crossed
I thought you could hide the money from
me where I'm taking it back
oh my god bro oh my god
sweet sweet money check out the size of
these bands bro
let's check we got one we've got two
we've got three four five six seven
eight nine ten ten bands 10,000 pounds
guys wow that's a lot of foot and money
then I'm just stole over done again oh
yes the next step for this video is we
need to get each of these notes into one
of these little baggies guys I mean do
each one individually so that it makes
it harder comes together then one can
put them all in watch that just leap
around try to get all this money trying
to save this money guys I'm thinking we
do this is love a time-lapse guys so
breathe to warm up let's do this
okay boys and girls we are now done how
doe twas that time ups by the way as you
can see these barely even look like
they're actually in bags like they just
look like the wads of money and I didn't
actually plan it to be like this but why
dad actually doesn't know that they're
in bags and he might not actually see
the bags because they are very clear if
he's panicking if he's running around if
they're in water
he might just think they're actually on
there so that is another part of this
prank like seriously checked out you
can't even tell us in a bag look at that
one looks good
that one looks dope we've made some
super cool money right here now I'm
hoping they're going to be waterproof it
ain't my money so I'm not that bothered
but I think it's gonna be good guys I'm
pretty sure they're waterproof I'm
pretty sure we're gonna be okay but we
have just stole dad's money stole dad's
bags out of the safe and we're about to
let it sink now right now dad is
downstairs catching up on some sleep
after a rough night last night it's
quite early right now I'm gonna go put
all these in the pool go down and get
him oh my god surprise crib and let it's
gonna go up see there in the pool and
probably freak out so this is gonna be
fun now guys we're gonna get straight
into this prank right now but if you
haven't already remember to go down
there and smash that subscribe button
- underneath all you guys hit that lie
but if we want to get thirty thousand
and finally if you haven't already click
the bell to turn on post notifications
for the channel but guys let's go and
put these notes in the pool yo I feel
like I'm a flippin baller right now
check this out how am I gonna open the
door oh god we've got the money right
here I'm gonna put one in first to see
if it floats oh my god
that is crazy yo let's put another one
in Oh
oh my god wait wait wait that is
actually simply be crazy wait Bam Bam oh
that one got demolished yo one more one
more
BAM I want to spread them out but BAM oh
man they're getting demolished right now
this is scary dude
this is still a lot of money bro I don't
care if it's dads or not this is still
really scary bro three two one
Bam Bam Bam Bam that we go guys the
money's spread out all over the place I
need to go get that quick before it
blows away oh you know this just going
down right now
dad Oh dad big time
oh hey bro I've got something to tell
you we're gonna fall in the playoffs no
no no bro wait wait what's the score
yeah okay yeah our team is playing but
we've got bigger things bro let me take
this and just go just get Bru all right
I need to show you something something's
clogged the pool so something's gone in
the pool and I think you might be a
little bit concerned about it bro gone
in the pool it's filling the pool and
guess what bro isn't Orbeez but it may
block it up if you don't be quick
what if it doesn't out but it looks like
enough to get open see no boom sinking
is
purpose your money in there
what you doing are you doing in Provo
change he's going in that's your money
in there look look look I wish you money
take this one take this one come on bro
come on bro you need to get your money
quick quick berry sauce sailing away
beau look you got some oh what a shame
quick bro you can do it
imagine the bush took the child go on go
on bro you can do it woman over the edge
did it bro oh man
bro bro bro bro get this one missing oh
no bro oh sorry I slipped well get your
money before he sleeps through the bags
oh he's back in he's back in guys you
know he's gone he's gone back in he's
gone I came oh my goodness whoa
Oh your money's getting wet bro
your money's getting wet whoa
that's your money you were so happy
after that treasure hunter when you want
it now it could all be where what if you
can't use it
bro that's 10 grand bro that's like a
lot for you man bro shut up bro take the
pranking bro it don't matter because the
probably white bro they probably don't
even work but I don't want to go away I
want to watch you bro in the act
I'm like the king of the castle and what
you in you're like searching for all the
money this is like treasure hunt be to
accept they're all in the pool getting
wet bro how is that how you feeling
right now bro
well bro are you gonna see if they've
got wet cuz to me my god these water in
these there's no seriously it's like a
Christmas present isn't it bro look bro
that's your money how did you feel about
bro is actually what bro how's that
how's about how's that make you feel
you've got no he's in the sons now looks
like you might start okay you might have
to take you're gonna open the money bro
yeah get wet bro is it wet always wet
always dripping bro he's stupid why is
it bro watching on us I mean the banks
with you all it was me but it was me
Boaz me what you bring to stupid was
just someone stupid or was it you it was
me so yeah it was probably food so bro
if I can just ask you one question right
now how are you feeling
I would value too if someone you know
but it's someone you know what all my
money and destroyed it it's just
unnecessary isn't it Oh or necessary I
could think of a million reasons why
this is perfect the necessary
maybe because yesterday I spent my
entire day doing a 24 hour challenge
only for you to sabotage it
just like you spend your entire day
winning this money only for me to
sabotage it it makes sense now grow does
it make sense now go away go away should
I leave you to try and scoundrel around
and try and get something like something
like something back from it well go away
well I mean I'm liking is this a new
style it's called the wet look at this
guys this is what happens when you have
to jump in a pool and salvage all your
money still going bro oh no don't hit me
with the money
g-good oh my god
g-g-gee
oh geez guys I think you all know what
that means it means another successful
prank for the crank king dad is not
happy right now
before you guys all call me down below
most wasted 10,000 pounds right okay he
will be able to fix most of it right
it didn't I did put it in the fax it
didn't get like drench but it is
dripping I'm pretty well so maybe a few
hundred might get lost but you know he
ruined my 24 hour challenge after I
spent the entire day doing it he
deserves this guys am i right but guys
if you've enjoyed this video and you're
not already subscribed what nuf went by
your no and go down there smash that
subscribe button and also let's all try
and team up together and get 30 likes on
this video I don't know if we can do it
but if we can that'd be amazing
also guys check the merchandise store
after this video because I think the new
merch my layout right now or if it's not
it's coming out on the 2nd of December
so get ready for that you can get
yourself some food like merch and also
some pranking merch you can be the
flippin swaggiest person in the world
and also guys if you don't know the
reason why I'm pranking that today go
check out my 24 hour challenge that was
sabotage my dad
halli will link to that in the
description below but guys thank you
also for watching thank you so much for
the support I love you guys and I
hopefully I'll see you tomorrow at 6
p.m. for another video peace out
