now I know this video so far has been
the most bizarre loud random crazy video
probably ever done and this probably
isn't the best time to do this by Hayao
unmoved I do whatever the hell I want so
I'm sorry do you know what the funniest
part of my life is the fact that my
actual mother has more subscribers than
my girlfriend
everybody
Martinus ball pits ball look everyone is
ball walk here was at the toilet guys I
made a special dream guys the bill came
250 me Cara are gonna do to wake our
jeweler hundred fifty pounds on the wine
here my record is two wins to watch this
what's yours
guys blessing if I can finally get more
wins and losses on this card roulette
game can you basically just pick one of
these at random yes thank you thank you
so much is going to scan the room car of
the door that's a used Google Play card
from the December giveaway what but move
don't say you boomba inside the room
cause now I know this video so far has
been the most bizarre loud random crazy
video probably ever done and this
probably isn't the best time to do this
boy oh I'm old I do whatever the hell I
want so I'm gonna do this right here
guys it's been a while since I've just
sat down and just had a flippin talk
with you guys now one of the things that
I always used to do on my channel and
one of the things that you guys always
used to say you move was literally when
I just sit down and do like talking
videos with you guys and some of you
know
that as my channel kind of got bigger
and bigger I counted it less and less of
those talking videos and the truth to
why that happened is literally just
because I just wasn't sure if you guys
found them that entertaining I mean I
just prefers you know kind of getting
you guys every single day with crazy
wacky ridiculous content and I just
thought you know why would you guys want
to sit down and just hear me talk when
you know you could be watching a crazy
morgs video who I realized is that by
doing that it kind of takes away one of
the most important parts of being a
youtuber which is the connection with me
and you guys obviously you know you guys
enjoy the crazy wacky molds videos where
I'm exploding water balloons or building
the DIY power or prank in my mouth one
of the main things I forget is you guys
enjoy just talking to when you guys
enjoy getting why I have to say and you
guys enjoy me just stand down and I've
been more of just like a genuine
one-on-one talk with you guys now there
is quite a few things that I want to
have a chat with you guys about it's
been a while since I've done one of
these videos so there's a few things on
my mind which I kind of need to go on a
few things that have been making me kind
of sad recently and a few things I just
want to ask you guys and I think it'll
be good for all of us because I see us
all it's just like one giant family so I
think it's good for you guys to just
catch up with me you know I can tell you
how I'm feeling hopefully you guys can
tell me in the comments section how
you're feeling because I honestly care
about each and every one of you so
flippin much so I think it's a good idea
that we have I've ever talked about some
of the things that you've been saying
some things I've been feeling guys let's
do this now quite a lot recently I've
been thinking kind of in the background
about you know the direction of my
channel what I want to be doing where I
want to be going and what I want to just
do with this channel in general and the
fact of the matter is at this point
where I am right now
I'm not really too sure and that isn't
because I don't know I want to do that's
just because a lot of you guys have
different opinions on what you want me
to do because
I've been on YouTube for a while now
it's been almost two years throughout
the two years I've done peeper I've done
Pokemon go I've done challenges I've
done vlogs I've done pranks I've done
gaming videos I've done so much stuff
and that's a good thing because it's
good to have variety but one of the
things that creates is it means that a
lot of you guys you don't want something
a lot of you guys want this well you
guys won't die all you guys want game in
a while you guys want Bob's pranks
challenges and then I'm here like yo
guys there's only one of me you know
like it's tricky for me to please
everybody here sometimes I don't think
you guys realize how much pressure is
actually on me or just in general how
much pressure is actually on youtubers
for someone who loads daily content like
me I develop every single day to YouTube
I devote every single day to making
videos for you guys literally every day
bro
with the mork's channel flow and
honestly guys please believe me when I
say every single day I try as hard as I
physically can to please as much as you
if possible I read all your comments I
read all your tweets and if someone says
do this I'll try and do it but then
someone doesn't like that I'd have to do
what they want and it's really tricky
for me and obviously this is my channel
too so sometimes I want to do a video
that maybe some of you guys don't like I
know the world guys it's just kind of
tricky to balance everything but this
kind of leads me on to the first thing I
want to know from you guys what is your
favorite content that I do what's your
favorite thing I do what is your
favorite thing to watch me do is it
pranks is it challenges is it videos my
mom is it videos would cure it what
would you guys like seeing comment down
below what it is that you guys like and
I'll be sure to read all of your
comments and the second thing I wanted
to talk about is I've smoked lettuce a
few times now but a few of you have been
saying recently that my content has
changed a little bit to what it was
let's say a year ago let's say last
Christmas now in some cases I see what
you guys are coming from obviously since
last Christmas I've changed a lot like
honestly last Christmas was when I just
made the decision to drop out of school
before that I was still in school now a
year
I'm going out I'm exploring and
literally living my life I'm doing crazy
things and I'm taking you guys with me
so has my lifestyle change since I left
school since last year but of course it
has I'm like off getting houses I'm
often wondered I'm meeting new people
new people coming onto the channel I'm
growing as a person but does that mean
I'm changing in a bad way
no like for real like why is that a bad
thing
I'm not sure if you guys all understand
this book if I was still the exact same
person I was last year and did the exact
same so you'd probably be bored of that
by now like are you guys kind of happy
that I'm evolving doing different stuff
doing exciting new things
next month guys we will have our own
house we'll be in a whole new place with
whole new people we'll have a giant
space where we can do all of the crazy
stuff together like isn't that exciting
like I know some of you guys started
watching me when I was just like this
innocent school kid but you have to
understand guys I'm still that innocent
school kid I'm still the same person
just because I'm like buying houses and
stuff doesn't mean I'm still thinking
bro how the hell if I just bought a
house how is that even possible
like I'm getting older and stuff I'm
doing new things but I'm still the same
person inside thinking what the hell is
going on here
well guys instead of sitting down and
thinking I wish smalls was more like
this or more like that why don't you
guys just be happy and grow with me and
grow as a family and be happy that we're
all going out and doing new things and
sang goals and achieving them to me life
is about growing sand challenges
overcoming them doing new things
exploring your comfort zones and if I
was the same person that was last year a
whole year ago
surely that wouldn't be a good thing so
guys all I'm saying is let's all grow
together as one
the family let's all grow together as P
moles because guys were in this together
I see all of you is my flippin family
you guys would that for me when no one
else was all these new people come into
my life and everything all these new
things happenin it's all so cool it's
awesome but it doesn't change the fact
that you guys are the oh geez you're the
ones that were there for me supported me
when no one else was so guys let's
flippin grow together let's all come can
I dream let's all grow as a family as a
unit that's why I want me and my brand
and everything to be all about that's
the molds way that's the molds motto
just grow together we are team orgs
we're a strong unit we're family brah so
yeah that's just one thing I wanted to
get off my chest and another thing guys
it's kind of similar to the last one but
a few of you guys have been saying every
now and again you know you don't like it
when I do videos like in these crazy
apartments and like crazy places and you
don't like and it seems like I'm kind of
showing off to you guys when I make
these videos with like 10,000 pounds or
if I go to like a crazy apartment the
last thing I'm trying to do is show off
to you guys the thing that some you
don't realize is these experiences these
crazy things that happening around me
but just it's crazy to me as they are to
you guys like when I see like a crazy
house and something I'm still inside
like oh my god that is flippin
ridiculous and if I get like a new
t-shirt or a new phone or something and
I make a video on it is it does I'm
trying to show off you guys this cuz I'm
trying to just show you like dad how
cool is this like this is awesome but
also guys if I'm doing daily vlogs and
stuff this is the things that happened
in my life around me so I don't think
you guys wig me through this journey I
want to show you flippin everything so
yeah guys this is another small thing
the last thing I need your help with is
I just want to ask you guys if there was
one thing that you maybe don't enjoy as
much or one thing that you know you kind
of wish I did more maybe a video that
you've always wanted to see or maybe
something in my videos you want me to do
Wes drop a comment on the video right
now and tell me what that is and why are
you down there
you see someone to comment that you
agree with like that comments over I can
see it obviously guys I just want to be
a feedback at this point I may have 2.5
mils
I may be the most subscribed 16 year old
or whatever but you know at the end of
the day that doesn't matter you guys's
opinions are the ones that matter so I
want you guys to tell me what you guys
wanted to see what you guys want me to
change cuz I want to be the best version
of myself I can be for you guys I want
to make you guys entertained and excited
when you see a molds video in your sub
box every day at 6 p.m. honestly I just
want to make this video to talk with you
guys and just to keep it real with you
guys it's been a while since we've done
this talking videos but also why would
you guys to do is drop a write on this
video right now if you want me to do
these talking videos more often with you
guys and obviously comment down below
tell me if there's any videos you want
to see want me to change leave me some
feedback guys I'm personally loving
doing videos at the moment I'm trying to
make the spiciest most epic don't let
content I can for you guys over this
December obviously fit 1 days of books
still going strong baby and the other
smash this guy's trust me believe in me
guys i'ma flip and smash this i'ma smash
this for you guys I'm gonna smash this
14 moths my flippin boys and girls and
also guys if you have an idea remember
to top yourself some of the hottest
merch on YouTube we've got public phone
cases we've got t-shirts jumpers
sweatshirts long sleeves we've got so
much stuff on the merch know to do be do
be do be log scale Inc in the
description to get self so the highest
note on YouTube maybe do it represent
Emil's everywhere you go represent what
we believe in represent what we do we're
the strongest family on YouTube gay
emerge represent the family guys I love
you're so flippin much and yeah
hopefully I'll see you tomorrow in the
next verse one days of more video at 6
p.m.
well Bobby
you get caught on the line another
buying a video come by tomorrow 6:00
p.m. for another one guys thank you so
much for watching and as always I've
been morgue
you guys have been flippin awesome and
I'll see you in my next video peace out
