I thought I'd basically write you a song
well I guess I want to write you a song
for me to show you the way I truly feel
about me okay this may be emotional this
may be a bit sad but baby I just I wrote
this song for you I hope you enjoy it
that you're excited this is a special
song just of you Kara ready let's go
hello guys and welcome back to another
31 days of Moore's video today your boy
is back and I'm bringing you another
crazy video I don't think you guys are
even surprise it this month I've just
been dropping bangers all over the place
this December now as I'm sure you guys
know by now I have a girlfriend believe
it or not the miracle finally happened
and to be completely honest with you
guys I'm not the most romantic person to
put it this way guys the last argument I
had with Kyra was because I wouldn't
stop farting in front of her like I am
NOT a romantic person and I was sat down
you know and I was having a good hard
think how can I be more romantic and
then light bulb it came to me why don't
I write and sing a song about my
relationship with Tara and then I
remembered that I can't sing or write
songs so today we're going to be doing
the next best thing and paying a
stranger to write a song for me ladies
and gentlemen and this is gonna be a
banger no guys if you haven't heard
already this December it's 31 days of
mogs we're about halfway through guys
and why want you to do is leave a like
on the video if you think I can complete
this challenge without halfway there and
I need you guys to give me that extra
Bev look so let's try and get 10,000
likes on this video but also guys as
well as an upload every day I am pinning
a gift card in the comment section of
every video so if you guys want some
free gift cards some free money remember
to turn on members
that subscribe boy and turn on
notifications so you can be the quickest
to the videos when I upload so guys if
you haven't gathered already Kara has no
idea I'm doing this I'm gonna surprise
her next time I see her with the song
and maybe I'll get some extra stuff
maybe I'll get someone to draw her or
something I don't know but let's see
what we can find
I will write and record a song for you
it's 44 pounds for 60 seconds guys so I
mean I know I'm trying to be romantic
but for 44 pounds you can get pranking
t-shirt a pug life hoodie like Keira
would you all have a 60 second song or
some of the hottest merch on youtube
link in description okay change of plan
guys I found Warren for 22 pounds okay
you know my mom always brought me up to
you know go for the bargains like for
example the mores merch is cheap as hell
it's the best quality but why would I
pay 80 pounds for someone else women
when I can go for 22 you maybe say more
Kara deserves better
kara deserves this I care deserves what
I give her okay I'm joking I'm joking
guys I'm joking okay so we've got to the
part where we need to tell her what we
want and what instrumental to use I
thought she could just use one of her
instrumentals but it turns out I don't
do melodies without instrumental track
to follow so I have to give her an
instrumental to use okay so the
instrumental we've gone with I have
absolutely no clue how this is gonna go
we've gone with the meat channel
instrumental you know the dodo okay so
just real the description of what the
song needs to be like hello there the
song is for my beautiful girlfriend
kara workman guys it's workman not
Bridget okay I need the song to be very
passionate full of emotion but also a
bit of a cheeky funky vibe mixed in
there the main purpose of the song needs
to be to remind Kara how much I like her
and how much of a great person I think
she is a few things to know please
address her as Kier a workman and also
I'm going to be
using the song as a way to surprise her
as we just had an argument because I
always fought near her so if that could
be mentioned as well as how sorry I am
that would be great
thank you start order I've just asked
this person to write a song apologizing
to about farting on her goodness knows
what this person is gonna think of me
but this person saying they will make a
talking dog video so what we're gonna do
I'm gonna attach a picture of Pogo and
tell Pogo to say some pretty cool things
to Cara
haha okay so four times the picture of
Pogo I put your needs to say I'm gonna
leave this one as a surprise because
they'll be a hell of a lot funnier I
will make a ghetto rant or review about
anything I think we can do something
with this guys okay so I've asked the
puppet to make a rant about this me my
girlfriend fell out recently we had an
argument because she doesn't like it
when I fought while she's in the room
but I keep saying how it's better to let
out rather than keep it and it's more
healthy to let it out please make a
round backing me up and saying how do
you think she's overreacting and it's
battle at the mouth thank you
place order boom I'm really excited for
that one this one says I will have Jesus
okay JC the man himself make a video
about anything you want hmm
five minutes later okay so I just wrote
a 489 lat a long script for Jesus to say
to Kira and then the second book says
let Jesus know how you'd like him to act
serious bunny holy awkward and I just
wrote eight letters be funny okay guys
last one okay last one I think it's time
we have a little bit of fun I will do
any challenge you want I challenge you
to see how many times you can repeat
this sentence in five minutes go to
www.hawaii.edu and
gonna sit down and I'm gonna make a
react to all of this stuff I just bought
four including this song which is
hopefully gonna be pretty romantic so I
guess what to sell that it so guys
comment down below which one you're most
excited for out of everything I
disordered and also if you haven't
already leave a like on the video and
turn on notifications but guys I'll see
you in about a few days bra let's do it
we are now on holiday with a different
country yeah and I am with Cara now guys
I swear it has been five days since I
recorded the first part of this video
and I have been so excited about this
Carrie five it's been five days so guys
one of the things that's happened over
this fiver they break is I release my
brand new book life own cases baby
they are the cheapest item I have ever
lose you said you want to achieve items
and also some phone cases so I did it
wrong get phone cases made them super
cheap but guys here's the thing only 500
of these things are available and once
they're sold out Cara they go forever
so guys if you want your very own pull
iPhone case you have got to be quick
because these things are selling crazy
or any loads of them of God there's not
many left so if you want your own book
life phone case go down to WWE moves
Carol gets off a bone case join the
murder squad let's get on with a video
so guys I have all my orders but Cara do
have any idea
I literally have been saying she's been
asking me all week up and say no you got
away I'm so excited guys we've got all
the videos ready okay so the first video
camera all you really need three two one
that marks back cos merchandise ever who
the doublet doublet doublet thought
marks got Co and join the merged squad
is an latest merchandise ever go to
www.hsn
I ask you to save as many times as you
can't grow quoted a little bit that
marks back you enjoying the merch squad
if it says it merchandise whoa honestly
great very talented however it's very
pensive but also main challenge gonna
keep the WWE don't walk out and join the
match what is the latest squad ever she
was talking the truth so the next video
guys is a bit cheeky one you seen a wide
screen right now any ideas what it is so
I understand the killer you used to go
to church right you go to church you
were believer in Jesus been a bit of a
bad girl so do you know what Carol why I
decided to do is you're not gonna
believe this camera get Jesus
JC himself to send you a message era get
ready
JC it's hair bro watch this this counter
Bridget I am Jesus Christ that day JC
and I am here to tell you that you are
the most beautiful girl in the entire
world and the way that unit group your
hair gets me overwhelmed
but there's one problem you don't seem
to be wearing any more words right now
Jarek don't you know more it's like
she's the hottest merchandise of all
time true it's a 7 mm 10 girl Glenn that
10 girl
Cara you really need to go to
www.deewr.gov.au/rjcp - I don't you kill
it link in the description so moving
away from Jesus into Punk's you know
standing the Pug life topic you know
will link in the description as you can
see we've got a nice picture of you and
booger yeah get ready camera for this
video guys drop a light right now I
don't tell you what was going down on
this one
smash alike you get ready for this cover
era you beautiful girl I have seen how
do you look at me I have to tell you
held me you don't look at other dogs
this way Yura I know you have feelings
for me and I have feelings for you too
era will you marry me oh my god guys
you've just witnessed a special moment
ok so Kira 2 more videos left are you
ready for this one this one's a little
bit crazy guys it is the puppet right
that's all I'm saying
what are they gonna be ranting about
Kara any ideas
this is kudamon for the heights
everybody was chilly my boy the other
day and he was telling me about his girl
KIBRA good you know she's tripping it's
not true here you heard him saying it is
more healthy to let them out rather than
hold them in why do you like it when I
fall why they can be pretty bad but you
know I mean it's it's just a sound and
it's always a twig moments it's like oh
my god I like you so much I just want to
buy eat yeah
for Christmas I'm gonna buy you a buck
talk ok on that note let's move on to
the final item so Kara for the final
thing ok
this is the moment everyone's been
waiting for because I thought I'd
basically write you a song well I guess
I want to write you a song for me to
show you the way I truly feel about you
ok
this may be emotional this may be a bit
sad but baby I just I wrote this song
for you
I hope you enjoy it are you excited this
is a special song just you care what
guys dies the end of this video I guess
it all works out in the end you know
Jesus told her that she needed the merch
this woman wrote the song saying how you
know I'm sorry for you we asked
the gal but I said how it's okay to
bother you but like I guess I will stop
it more just because I care about you
and then finally we had you know the
woman who said go too much what time
well yo it was good there was a success
guys one more time guys you haven't
already remembered together and call
yourself one of these hot new bull
iPhone cases they are selling super fast
they're already like almost God but
merge Squad have just been annihilating
the scene guys the merch part are
honestly just incredible like you always
surprise me you always smash it with the
orders you always sell it out I can't
believe it guys the merch one is so
strong you're copying the phone case
your weapon them a lot of it guys get
yourself one from morgues co but also
guys that comment down below if you want
me to release the full song out there
with amazing video oh hi guys a music
video maybe comment down below if you
want it that would be hilarious but guys
thank yourself for watching and as
always I'll be more you guys been
awesome and I'll see you in my next
video peace out see us
