so I've got my flu in here I've got the
carer the balloon has to go there in the
middle of us science explains how it's
going to be pop I'm gonna have to pull
carrot into it three two one
hello guys and welcome back to another
video today me and mum and Cara this is
day one or day two we arrived yesterday
so does that make this day one or does
that make this day to day to day two
this is day two of Tenerife boy and what
are we doing right now we're going on a
walk and explore it we're going on for
the adventure so let's do it bro I wish
out since out mum so so so so so jeez
hold on guys can we just have a moment
flippin appreciation for this view I
mean I just look amazing today what's
actually pretty Crazy's before we came
away here in the UK it was snowing and
then we come out here and this is what
we see
I'm not sure though guys apparently in
some countries it's snowing as well so
drop a like on this video if it's
snowing near you guys you know what the
good thing is about coming to foreign
countries right the good thing is it's
hot
so these more
like that's because think about the
places they'd always give you like booze
Vulcan no yeah how you gonna get
Throwdown watch everyone it's not public
swimming pool so friend introduce
yourself
awesome row so I've got one question for
you okay take a look at this phone case
hug life pull I've see yeah how what do
you think it is our 10 July key that's
the main questions you like it very nice
awesome
would you like one for free Oh bro okay
I think we've got I think we've got
something for you bro
there you go bro it's your lucky day bro
I'm out here making new friends but I'm
making new friends you know what we do
on the most channel guys all about
spreading father father's positivity
we're all about spreading positivity all
about spreading the good vibes you guys
I hope that guy is watching this my new
best friend
mommy is morgg's friend poor guys in
this video when we get back to the room
me and Kara are gonna be doing the
balloon challenge which is where you go
head-to-head to see who can pop the most
balloons and loads of different
challenges guys I've seen a few of the
youtubers do this apparently it's really
fun so get excited for that can I join
in as well Morgan the balloon challenge
do you wanna yeah guys as you know
whenever I'm out and about I'm always
listening out for good music and
whenever I hit good music 20 or I need I
need to reward it oh I'm loving this I'm
loving this gon play a 2000 yes keep it
up keep it up it's good music guys I
reward the best music possible screw
Drake screw Eminem is all about this guy
here's the future of music yo how come
you glasses ask where's well you're
looking like Steve from minecraft
I was that far mold was a lot better I
would slay you bro I would get my
diamond sword enchanted level 4 and I
would put it where some doesn't shine it
had knocked back - so guys put the
background music we've got my guy over
here on the piano so we've just sat down
in this nice or beach restaurant to get
some food but I've got a question for
you guys
who's sunglasses are the best you've got
mine Gucci
pretty neat you've got carers red mine
crafted glasses and then you've got mums
which I bought for her while they they
prouder the or you got the deals on
there guys comment down below who you
think are the best oh my god wait what
why should it all my goodness you are
absolutely the lemons
mum ice cream - - can we have can we
have one more please give one more
question - please one more passion food
please we'll pay for another passing
through ok he's dipping everywhere just
jump in like stay stayed okay stay so we
just bought these bubbles
you ready get character way
oh okay
yo guys what are we saying that this is
the Alpha rocking for today you know
it's not more too much I went to put on
the pod life merch what mom said
literally I haven't washed it in five
days so guys looks like I'm just gonna
have to roll with Apple iPhone case
today and then we've got some actual
like designer clothes off which I really
like that much I think the pod life
match is better but I guess I'll have to
wear them so what we've got we've got
the same genes as I always wear we've
got this off-white top thing and then
we've got like a white top under it
because apparently apparently that's
fashion awesome venado no I just like
why am i poke life funny oh yeah guys as
you know later on in this video we're
doing the balloon challenge which I'm so
excited for I'm not gonna spoil it I'm
not gonna give it away but stay tuned
because it's gonna be super exciting but
guys I never actually said if you're new
you've never seen my channel you've
never seen my face welcome to tea molds
I'm alone in every single day this
December I'm pinning a iTunes and Google
Play gift card in the comment section so
hear that subscribe turn on them
notifications let's get going boys and
girls oh my god you look amazing
thanks Carrie just obviously you look
amazing a lot you dressed it looks
really nice yo guys I said we were going
somewhere cool and this place requires
its own cinematic so mum mum mum roll
roll all the cinematics
okay slide change applying guys we
literally just went to go get food in
the place that we just did cinematics
for but goodness sake they would allows
in this there was a buddy private party
like we just gave you cinematics on a
vlog and you won't let us in but is
outrageous
we're gonna go find somewhere else no
guys I am NOT happy I'm outraged so guys
we've just sat down in a restaurant and
we've just received the starters take a
look at these these are flipping massive
we've got mum's over there we've got
ribs we've got calamari
we've got ever the Hell by eight guys
we've got so much food and this isn't
even the main course five minutes later
I am already filled up from the starter
and the main has just arrived oh my god
it's like the size of my bloody head
okay so obviously all you wondering what
the hell was that last clip we just sat
down and some random guy I swear just
came up towards an eight-hour flowers
like I got it on record he just ate them
they were for Cara they cost us 25 euros
oh man I don't even know let's go back
home is has been a crazy night so ladies
and gentlemen before we start this
challenge comment down below who you
think is gonna win who's gonna be the
superior balloon popper is it gonna be
the beautiful yeah kind of skinny Cara
or is it going to be the absolutely
ginormous hench handsome beautiful morgs
so the first challenge we're gonna do
guys is simply who can pop a balloon the
fastest in any way they want they can go
with the legs making up the punch making
it up elbow they can get up the head
okay so we got a standstill who can
probably quickest mom you're gonna have
to judge this guy's comet outlier who
you thinks gonna win round 1 3 2 1 go I
genuinely was waiting to pop I was like
jurors never gonna pop it can we get
slo-mo replay of that please so guys the
scores is currently one nil to Cara the
whole likely the the underdog now for
the next challenge guys we have to put
the balloon in between our legs and we
have to pop it like that guys coming
down below who these gonna win 3 2 1
come on we go to the high OH
Oh big the Balkan that's what she said
how is clear women how is care women
won't be too nice calm she's the
underdog mob I'm the king of this how is
the king lose him guys
let's move on to round 3 okay so guys
for the next challenge right now we are
going to do the balloon hide-and-seek
challenge basically this is my chance to
get back into it guys I need all of you
to go down there and smash that like
born 14 morgs and also subscribe if
you're new for basically guys the way
this works
it's like hide-and-seek boy instead of
hiding yourself you hide in a balloon
we're gonna take interns guys we're
gonna hide the balloon and then the
other person has to try and find it I
know whether finds it the quickest wins
this challenge you don't care Rock Paper
Scissors see who goes first
rock paper scissors what paper scissors
I win North is going first don't carry
Shore eyes over there mom come on we
need to hide this
okay so mums on the countdown Kara time
stars now three four five six sixteen
seventeen eighteen twenty-two seconds Oh
tricky for me to be calm down boy he's
neither can beat this now it's Karis
turn
mooom she's winning me no I'm gonna
challenge that I created it's the
balloon challenge I think the final
challenge Cara mom she might not be
better than Mia the humping challenge
wait whoa whoa so guys I've already
technically lost but this is all that
one's been waiting for so comment down
below is it going to be Morgan or is it
gonna be guys come down below leave a
like let's do this so I got my blue and
hair I've got the carer the balloon has
to go there in the middle of us science
explains how after you pop I'm gonna
have to pull Cara into it oh my kids are
watching we've got to see how many times
it takes me to go into Cara so how'd I
do it first time three two one that was
cool that was cool that was cool okay
the thing is guys the only way Kerry can
win this as if she pops it first time so
Cara if you want to win all the
challenges
- give me a big good guys now I'm not
opposed to this no I'm taking my one
victory guys that was the balloon
challenge oh hey hi
so since I won I'm doing outro today
because I want the winners dude
if you liked this video make sure to
like it with your hands gently tapping
seems to work it pops a balloon so maybe
that would work on the like button - and
then you can also subscribe to marks
maybe he is kind of a loser that as
usual I've been Kara he's been more he
failed I won and peace out
