we've just pulled up to the place right
now care what are your first impressions
oh you got a room okay boys and girls so
the time is flippin now right now we are
in the room we just made care of you
down look if I catch you look at these
and gentlemen basically what happened me
and mom booked this crazy room and Cara
hasn't seen it yet we booked it to
surprise her guys we've just had a look
it is absolutely insane and we are gonna
get Tara's first reaction to the room on
camera because I've got a feeling this
is literally gonna be Kara's dream
holiday like this is my dream holiday
and I've been on a lot all days like
this place is insane so we're gonna get
curious live reaction on camera but guys
if you're new to the channel remember to
go down there and smash that subscribe
board and also leave a like on the video
let's try and get 20,000 likes for this
crazy hotel surprise but Kara babe are
you ready are you ready guys you ready
more happy is going down guys Kyra turn
come on let's go no I think this is the
fridge it wasn't so much you're welcome
so we haven't even seen any of the
bedrooms yet but what would you rate
it's so far out ten eleven oh wow Wow
are you gonna sleep I think I think Oh
guys comment down below in the comment
section who will bear in the buff who
deserves this room imma be reading all
of them way more there's another toilet
here oh my god so that is like the big
boy
I literally like a big shower you know
the bedroom okay Julio gets this one you
wait what
there's nobody for this mom guys if n
you want to come round we've got some
free rooms so you know we'll you're
welcome you can stay with us and stuff
breath like the video maybe we'll invite
you in bro
Shakira there's the room yeah what do
you think did we get a good one
are you surprised are you happy yeah
shame very good at showing emotion but
like ru ru got emotional guys right
there so yeah guys guys the entire what
about the outside there should be
something outside there's more there's
more all right no there's not just one
there's outside is the outside oh come
on out oh my god
we didn't just get you a pool we got you
a hot tub as well that is hot is she
emotional well guys oh my goodness guys
this is where we're gonna be staying
this is the surprise check out this view
guys oh my goodness don't care what you
think
I think it's really nice and stuff and
it is a really good mind
oh my god this is the part when we do we
do snow I think we do
I'm not looking Oh
oh hello I actually go to them oh yeah
guys this is where we're gonna be
staying this is the surprise whole day
we're gonna be here for a very long time
guys we've got the pool three bedrooms
you've got buffs in bedrooms we've got
open one kitchens we've got lounges
we've got TVs we've got everything you
could ask for and we've got this view
this view nope nope just get nothing but
hold on guys there is one thing my wrist
a little bit sweaty I might take off my
watch - maybe I'll just take these to
your mum do you know you're gonna have
to do you're gonna have to get some new
merch pom www.macademiangirl.com it's
disruptive this is a posh hotel guys you
gotta respect that
obviously I'm Marx I do I want so I'm
gonna jump in in slow-mo let's do it
yo so boys and girls first things first
I'll flippin signals up both slow motion
and stuff is this lyric cool kara what
do you think it's so far how you
enjoying this are you happy yeah you
look really happy I mean when you've got
this view like come on it's hard not to
be happy
well yeah guys once again if you're new
to the channel this is the first video
you've seen of mine hello welcome
welcome to the family welcome to team
orbs if you haven't already go down
there and nice know that subscribe on
guys and also I see we're gonna hit 20
bars likes on this video for more for
bra you're so cool that you've never
piggy back for some reason I agreed to
this
guys this is what happens when you come
away with girls
this was clean like five minutes ago
we've got hairdryer we've got weather
this stuff is we've got soap it's a
bloody nightmare
anyway kill what we doing right now baby
don't we've been here for what like you
know five hours more poops already
you're actually really good hair but
yeah guys right now min Cara who are we
going out for a nice little cheeky meal
we're gonna see what we can find see if
we can get somewhere cool but yeah I'm
already right now for once I'm not
wearing the merch I'm actually where
it's a little bit different which is
crazy time I'm not wearing the Mergent
like all year looking a little bit fancy
yeah you're doing well blight looks good
on you
make short less nope you notice anything
else
no so guys the whole sponsor ever
but wait d√≠game let's go baby
so Kara's came out for a meal in a posh
restaurant with my song life is on her
head she care to explain yourself mrs.
Tara he just walked out of the room of
pneumonia has these embarrassing Osinski
mum shocking absolutely shocking Kara
ladies and gentlemen
we're just roaming the streets you know
we're just out about a look at what we
see you know Kira you're blocking the
view tip month of you know obviously new
people don't know yet about the
bug life phone case is out this Saturday
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo now if you're
wondering why it just magically got
light outside and my hair just got wet
and I've changed clothes and hair lookin
different and blue outside and it's warm
it's because your boy morgg's forgot to
forgot to end this video because you
know I am the best father in the world I
never forget my outros I always do
everything I'm so good I'm joking guys
I'm terrible I'm real been shot now I'm
Robin so yeah guys I hope you enjoyed
the video it was pretty crazy I have a
feeling this is literally gonna be the
dream holiday Kara seems to have enjoyed
it mum seems to be enjoying it we've got
literally a pool in our room as well as
a hot tub which for the record we can't
he talk I wanted to go in it last night
we're for quite a while guys so remember
coming down below what you want to see
we're gonna bring you some dope videos
coming your way and also remember if you
haven't already subscribed what the hell
are you doing I'm uploading every single
day this December and pinning the gift
card in the comment section so hit that
subscribe button turn on notifications
get to the videos early tomorrow lit
let's do it it's cool and finally guys
to remind you one more time the pug life
merch is out this Saturday the phone
cases my first ever phone cases I'm
dropping I've already got mine Kira's
got hers mom's got Hearst are you gonna
get yours
this Saturday guys remember it's gonna
be so flippin well thank y'all so for
watching and as always I've involved you
guys been awesome and I'll see you in my
next video peace out
