well if I ever seen this before um I
don't know ha if you ever show me this
um I don't think so
seriously yeah I never need to do this
in day to day life is this like super
weird
okay okay I'm scared now
I'm not even excited I'm just flip this
gasps this is me shouting like very loud
I'm very fast talking and this is my
channel make sure you smash that
subscribe button and smash that thumbs
up button and smash that like button and
don't leave a comment you know what I
was gonna cook that or do my intro again
but why not let's just leave it in kara
takes this ball eyebrow play in this
video we are going to be getting a
little bit personal with you guys about
pulls about our private life about what
we do when the cameras are off this is
gonna be a revealing Q&A so watch till
the end you're gonna learn a lot about
Oz but you will not believe no guys
before we start this video I want to
show you a little bit of a magic trick
okay if you go down there and smash
alike on this video right now
disappear you literally won't be able to
seal like they will just disappear leave
a like on the video right now did you do
it guys get ready for this what is it go
by any chance do you like want like a
gift card like an iTunes gift card or to
Google Play gift card that'd be really
cool
well you want one yeah don't know how to
do it this December I am loading a video
and in the comment section of every
video I am pinning a tune for each and
every one of these gift cards turn if
you want to give God do you know what to
do
subscribe to the channel right now and
turn on channel notifications so you can
get to the next video early and win one
of these gift cards so guys where did he
get started with the first question
right now but this ain't even a question
Cara it is can you have a dance on three
two one oh the dance of cinematix yeah I
just need your attention everybody look
this way I'm gonna put an old switch
room you know that I'm talking about
clickbait
clickbait you know that it really ain't
nothing new I'm gonna put a dope image
on the video to raise up the views you
can say that I'm lying you can say that
I'm tripping but I just need you to
click it I got a good business guys
comment down below who won that I mean
you know it was obviously made obviously
obviously I'm a draft but drafts can do
mostly what we farted don't stay on
camera the next question is what is your
most embarrassing
kissing story okay now I have to admit
guys when the lips are are near each
other you know there's a lot of friction
there's a lot of chemistry there okay so
every now and again you boy just goes in
for a kiss and you know your girl just
goes in for a kiss off your boy yeah so
yeah you know when were in public we do
kiss a little bit you know I'm not
denying it but one time it was a little
bit weird we were in Selfridges which is
a busy shop okay and we'll wait into
like try on shoes or something right and
you know care went in for like it was
actually care that went in for it right
she was she leaned so I was like my eyes
were shut her eyes were short and then I
opened my eyes and someone is sat behind
and I'm gonna recreate his face right
now he was looking disgusted bro and
then that I was just like and then kara
turn around and saw him and he'd like he
was still literally still looking I was
like just because I could kiss a
beautiful lady new card what's your
problem man okay so one that was like
actually kind of embarrassing for me not
walking because like Morgan's like
pulling and I don't think anyone else
cryptic and trying embarrassing just
just me but it was at a party and
earlier on that night
I'd been speaking to like Morgan's
manager and everything however I hadn't
yet spoken to the morgues so you imagine
he just went off somewhere I don't know
where he went and a couple of hours
later he returns back into the room to
see me and the morgues embracing each
other with our mouth and we have
literally never spoken before of his
knowledge like he probably doesn't even
remember this in his mind is probably
not like a distinctive like moment in
his brain but for me that I contact with
him while my face was touching yours was
just the most horrific thing in the
whole world I wanted it to be over okay
the next question guys this is a big one
this is a crazy one do you have any
weird secrets mine is super weird Kiera
is yours weird you have any yeah I think
so so a few of you guys will know my
secret however a few of you won't like
some of you definitely won't and my
secret involves my toes and basically
guys I have webbed toes so yeah guys two
of my toes on each foot have a bit of
skin in between them connecting them
basically meaning that I can't do that I
could just do that so as you can see you
guys these ones here they just carriage
on play with them don't rip rip so
that's my secret guys very weird
I don't think Cara can top this but
maybe she will maybe there's something
that I don't know so Cara far away well
where if I ever seen this before um I
don't know haha sorry
if you ever showed me this um seriously
yeah I hope I need to do this in day to
day life is this like super where's
second 9 mountain okay okay I'm scared
now
I'm not even excited I'm just fucking
scared okay yes yes are you sure yes hey
close your eyes they'll close
you'll be handed me face you know sir ah
what are you doing wait look at one star
look I'm afraid you've actually never
shown me that before
no what why I don't know just don't tend
to just it so what how how folks watch
me I I know you can do the splits but I
didn't realize you can how far can you
can you just chill there like that
moving on I guess I think so if you
learn something new every day guys how
long do you think you will be together
not obviously like this is an easy
answer obviously you know me Kara are
both on the same page about the
relationship you guys maybe Dow in the
relationship doubt in or down the length
of hollow be together obviously me and
Kara both know and to show how you know
how on the same page raw and how similar
we are and how about how much we both
like each other let's say it on five
yeah five four three two one a few weeks
what will you ever do a video delivering
merch to fans doors now low-key guys
this is a video that I've been thinking
of doing for ages I've just been waiting
like thinking should I do this because I
think how cool would it be just random
orders like every now and again someone
just cops the merge joins the merged
squad and then you know instead of
getting a parcel they get a knock on the
door your boys here he's got them
membered I can sign it all over so I'm
thinking maybe I should start a new
series delivering the merge two
subscribers doors and seeing their
reactions low-key guys what I want you
to do is comment down below in the
comment section tell me if you think
that'd be a good idea and maybe if loads
of you say you'll be a good idea maybe I
will call the next episode in like a
week so copy emerge
link in the description and maybe I'll
deliver it to your door who knows maybe
I live it to your door yeah yeah come to
my house yeah definitely get that much
cop it while it's dog League inscription
well what is one thing you hate about
each other 3 2 1 nothing seriously again
seriously though where's Angelus
genuinely why is one thing you hate
about me really yeah lady Morgan does a
lot of gross stuff like you make it a
new birth a lot oh you don't just
regularly boat that your butt smells so
bad Oh yours you bird is no they don't
yep smells like I heated I I went into
the room early that she was filming in I
got instant whiff of far I'm not even
gonna joke your nose but why they're not
why'd it smell it as soon as I came in
it like attacked me I would be with my
foot base what's one thing I hate about
Kira nothing I think you're absolutely
perfect joking I don't like your hair
hashtag bring back blonde Kara what does
Kara think about your ex at any point in
your relationship did you think you were
going to now guys I have to admit it
there was one time where I thought we're
gonna break up and it was actually live
for everybody to see I did a video
obviously where I prank kerosine I
wanted to break up with her and then she
reversed it on me if you want to see
that video guys is linked in the
description of this one but please don't
watch it because it's really
embarrassing for me why is your favorite
youtuber force it again no just don't be
for your nose before your mouth it's a
good technique who is your favorite
youtuber to watch together now we like
to sometimes snuggle up in bed you know
get some popcorn go on YouTube and this
is one youtuber that we always watch
together
his name's mugs subscribe to him he's
very good haha and guys for the final
question the grand finale
if Morgan proposed to you would you say
yes guess maybe we'll just have to wait
and see Oh guys if you've enjoyed
remember to go down there and smash
smash that like bone
let's try and get 10,000 likes on this
video and also if you don't already I am
uploading every single day this December
for hashtag 31 days of morgues I'm
pinning a gift card in the comment
section of every video so remember get
subscribed
we've notifications turned on so you can
be early to get yourself some free money
guys thank y'all so much for watching
and as always I'd reward you be care
work man you guys been awesome and I'll
see you in my next video peace
