what about auctioneering something that
no one is meant to see
Esther said she's gonna be home in 15
minutes
I
watch till the end to see what's gonna
happen
challenge for you guys watching this
right now I'm gonna give you five
seconds to subscribe to the channel or
like the video
why did you do that it was pretty fun we
need to get another box yeah let's get
started with the challenge guys mom
we've been through a lot together we've
been together since birth but now it's
time for me to embark on my own quest to
Kara's house I think you forgetting
something I show this morning some
supplies what the hell is this Morgan
it's a French stick is the finest lawn
in the country like the type of these
steak baked beans yes so you can have
some beans on tone how the hell am I
supposed to make toast and flipping box
and Morgan to eat all those beautiful
snacks on I've got you an exclusive
place mum it's made out of fucking paper
Morgan I think I might have got scammed
and Morgan your microwave Morgan is the
hours of entertainment in that book I'm
ready for time mama these are the words
the wine I have ever seen I'm gonna get
new ones
smokin there's no time
well guys the band's here we're gonna
load Morgan up and let him set off on
his big adventure
guys I'm in the delivery truck guys I
think I'm being done spotted to the
warehouse now the delivery van feels so
empty so the boxes just flying around
everywhere oh my god oh no yeah I think
I maybe should have just taking the
train to Kara's house
Oh God is the time is currently at 9
p.m. I was moving in the lie for about 4
hours guys which is about how long it
takes to get from Sheffield to London
which is where Carol lives and then
about an hour ago I felt myself being
lifted out of the lorry and transported
which I assume means right now I am in
the facility with all the rest of the
boxes as you can tell by my hair I've
been completely sweating it is boiling
in here I've been staying hydrated with
the resources that mom gave me see we
made sure to get me next day delivery
but what that means is I'm pretty sure
I'll be held in this storage facility
for a night before I am then delivered
to Kira's house oh so looks like I
better get comfy guys there is a long
night ahead the time is 4 my phone has
87% battery left
as I said a bunch of footsteps in the
warehouse I believe they're gonna stop
polluting the boxes up right now so I
think guys we're gonna be getting
shipped off to Kara's house in the next
few hours I'm gonna try a few I was more
sleep because it's been topic has been
hard guys
it is what does I say guys hear
something it's 6:24 in the morning right
now I see lights
I think well with wires now definitely
looks like natural light to me
yeah Tracy said she could have moved the
books by herself so I think the delivery
guy may have just moved me upstairs so I
think right now we may be in care is
better or just in the hallway
I think step number one guys is we need
to figure out if Kira is in the house or
no so I'm gonna text her right now and
see if we can figure out what the hell
is going on guys I'm sorry I didn't get
much on camera I've been getting moved
around so much over the past few hours
in the van so I wasn't sure if we were a
carers house yeah normal or just in the
van
but it seems like we've definitely
arrived hey Siri text Kara where are you
guys let's find out how quick carriers
are responding to texts guys she finally
responded I swear to god I've been sat
here like literally 10 minutes just
flippin waiting she says
such is gonna be home in 15 minutes
sky since we have 50 minutes I think we
need to try and figure out where we are
in Cara's house and then prepare for her
arrival let's do this to me that
definitely looks like a guitar but I
can't remember if that's Kira's guitar
or not I know Kira played guitar I'm not
sure if Tracy does or not here is mama
maybe that's hers we could be in Tracy's
room right now oh my god oh my god wait
wait wait wait wait wait is that is that
is that chair I can tell that's Kira's
chair I remember Kara's chess purple and
that doesn't look purple I'm not sure
whoa whoa whoa guys that's a piano that
is definitely a piano guys asleep it's
not what I think it is it's a easy box
guys that means right now ring Kira's
bedroom let's burst out of this box and
let's get a closer look
oh my god box if we're gonna stay in
there for 24 hours without Kira knowing
and definitely you're gonna have to try
and be more stealthy oh no guys I think
Sherlock's realized there's something
going on upstairs
sure is Kara's dog and one thing about
Sherlock yes
I'm gonna go run the room now set up
hidden cameras like this one so not only
can I tell you what's going on from
inside the box we can get a look from
all around the room
buckle up guys this is about to again
crazy I just drank some of Kara's water
so I should probably put that back
hey just call it Tracy
it is mine I didn't order anything
I'm gonna tell her is a surprise if she
can't open it until tomorrow tomorrow
she's saying guys kind movie because
it's fragile I need to say I think she
just it's 24 hour challenge and stars
it's starting to go dark outside guys I
think the time is about 7 p.m. she just
left to go downstairs for the last few
hours she's literally just been sat on a
bed doing nothing she's so lazy I keep
hearing an agent I don't know what she's
blaming eating but this sounds nice I'm
getting hungry
however guys this is going pretty well I
keep peeking through the hole and seeing
a glance in at the box but I don't think
she suspects anything yet so I think
we're gonna be okay
just and almost broke the down boxes
webs all over here guys
I've just been peeking through the hole
and Kara is eating some Swiss now I flow
away all the food how are my supplies
back then I am so lonely so I think what
I'm gonna try and do is through her
sweets without knowing how I'm gonna do
this I haven't dear my dear the sweets
right there they're powered mom's life
away from me I think I might have to go
in trying grapple while she's distracted
ladies and gentlemen hinto is nothing
it worked I've got the SWE's the zone is
free left in there I'm gonna eat them
and then put the back back just be my
favorite part of the video so far now
time guys to put the backpack guys that
was such a close call
she didn't question it she just assumed
she'd eaten them all maybe if she slowed
down and it didn't eat so many
strawberry pencils she'd have realized
that I'd have taken them but hey I ain't
complainin
Oh guys guys what's she doing why is she
doing guys
why was she doing now Oh guys I think
this is gonna get changed and why she
looking for maybe she's just Kanak oh
maybe she's just a bit cold who knows
just push it to us
whoever you are probably Morgan please
stop doing it and please get out oh my
god she's lucky mom please just check
the box someone's hiding in the house
again Roberts hiding
whoa
I think you words I just cater to
speaker that she always has downstairs
and played a breaking glass sound effect
I think I may have just tracted her for
a little while
papa was way too close guys she's
definitely on to us I need to try and
convince her that I am NOT in the box
right now I think there's my one chance
to answer and try and convince her that
I'm not here hello hi what's up what do
you mean I'm just wondering what Carol
what what do you mean I'm out with Jill
and Martin a restaurant what camera
what camera was it cuz I only use one
camera I'm at the Italian restaurant in
Sheffield that we always go to me with
mother Martin what's wrong with you
what's happened if you're crazy
put Jill on the phone okay one minute
she's just gone to the toilet guys she's
muted I have to do a Jill impression
we've got no other choice this isn't
gonna be easy
he just said next me sure what was she
saying she's just she's just asking
about you
what what what you asking about what is
it that you won yeah of course why else
would he believe me Gordon wants you to
come back on why why does she want why
does she want me to come back on she
just asked for you Jill tell her tell
her that if she wants me she can come
see me in Sheffield but why does
fireballs feel Morgan you should speak
to yourself he should be a man yeah I
will be a man but but she needs to call
me and she's asking for you why do I
need to resolve if it's you I don't know
what she's talking about
oh my god I know I said this alot in
this video but that was a close one is
the time is midnight right now kara has
been in the bath for the last few hours
which I assume means though she's going
to be coming to bed really really soon
which means for me I'm gonna have to
have another nice sleep in this box and
I can feel my legs
starting to pop out of their sockets
this does not feel good guys
however guys I am determined to complete
this challenge no matter how hard it is
if you already subscribed please go down
there and smash that subscribe button
because I need all the good look I can
get to survive this challenge
I'm not gonna fail this challenge we've
kept you about to stop now
it's this 6:18 and the cure doesn't
usually wake up until about 10:00 which
means we're probably okay did show the
dates for your house guys
oh why is PA is the next book eyes been
24 hours yet since I've been in her
house so if she opens a box I fail the
challenge I need to come up for an
excuse this she doesn't know open the
box
let me think door is my room trust me if
you open it before I say bad things will
happen
Oh
I think movies order me something
I think he's ordered me something from
the dog web I think this is all my
mystery box
my god it actually worked
I don't think we're gonna be hearing
back from Kara for a very long time guys
guys what I would like so what happened
was Kyra left the house I just heard her
house door open so I think she's back I
have no clue what she's doing where she
just went I'm gonna try and get a closer
listen of what's happening guys Shh did
did she just say give me did she just
say to Tracy give me the shovel was she
gonna do dig to China
why the hell does care wanna fucking
shovel for oh my god guys she wants to
break down the box with a flippin
I thought the box was possessed I know
it was you I don't want to tell you sold
out and I wanted to give you one I just
wanted to take over the surprise
Moldovan I can't sorry I shouldn't push
it understands but where's Ernie I think
I forgot it you're just gonna have to go
to www.hostgator.com Ernie yeah
want to tell me I can't get hooding
Morgan won 999 here it is team walks you
have 24 hours after watching mystic go
by hurry before I buy them all and then
I'm gonna turn the more than to care how
much do you better be quick before the
ultimate team Maltese I've gone forever
get his camera out my face Morgan you
suck we just builds the best
