are you fucking joking we literally it's
been literally we haven't like hadn't
been apart from each other
don't tell me serious hello team moves
and welcome back to another video
kicking this one off with a bang mama's
got a hairdressers appointment in 10
minutes I'm gonna go down there and beg
her to drive me and Keira into town and
basically just annoy her let's do this
thank you
so right now me care I go to this nice
desert place in Sheffield what does a
desert it's the same thing isn't it I
just need your attention everybody look
this way I'm gonna put a whole switch
room you know that I'm talking about
clickbait clickbait you know that it
really ain't nothing new I'm gonna put a
dope image on the video to raise up the
views you can say that I'm lying
you can say that I'm trippin but I just
need you to click so guys we've just
arrived at the desert but mommy's going
to get a haircut now and obviously
because I am the Karen son I am mom I
know after you ruin your hair you're
gonna want something to cover it up so
there you go
and H hat there you go mom it looks
great remember put on after you ruin
your hair we're gonna go get some desert
I'll see you later can you just go okay
bye
enjoy the ha enjoy the hot oh my god
guys why would you guys I'm gonna let
you in on a little secret about baubles
okay have you ever noticed that bobble
is just ball ball
ball ball ball ball ball ball boy you
are a child in a giraffe the body do you
hate her a lot of you guys were telling
me that you know you don't like my new
haircut so I went ahead and just got a
hat so I can cover it guys you no longer
have to look at my hack anymore you can
just look at this beauty there's gonna
be on my head I'm never taking this
thing off anymore kara what you think
about my heart like oh yah guys so I am
home right now i'm in the lounge this is
absolutely crazy i never go in the
lounge now I assume the question you
guys all want to know is morgues why are
you in the lounge and the reason I have
ventured into the mysterious country
known as the lounge is because I need to
explain you guys what is about to go
down because this needs explaining so
you guys have read the title you
thinking more is this about to go down
and the answer to that question guys is
yes it is going down Kyra is currently
upstairs she just got into bed I think
she's just messed about like your video
or something I don't know I don't stalk
her I don't watch her while she sleeps
why would I know right I'm not weird but
yes ladies and gentlemen I'm about to go
to unheard-of realms of pranking I am
about to do the break-up prank on Kara
I'm gonna wait till she leaves the room
maybe to go to the toilet something then
I'm gonna go back into the room set up
this camera hide it get into bed and
then
guys she's getting pranked now I have
tried to prank Kara a few times before
and I have got to say guys she is a
pretty tricky one to prank she's good
you know she's good she's good as fine
cameras she's good at spying things when
they're happening so I have got to be
stealthy I've got to be smart the brains
have got to come out but guys why need
you do right now is go down there and
smash me a thumbs up on this video I
need all the luck I can get also it
would be pretty cool if we could hit
10,000 likes because the last video
didn't get 10,000 likes guys so I may
give you guys another chance to make up
to me go down there smash alike let's
get a 10k baby and also guys if you're
new to the channel and this is the first
time you've seen my face on your screen
I am uploading every single day this
December and pinning and iTunes and
Google Play gift card in the comment
section of every video bear in mind only
one person can get each gift card
comment it down below so if you want to
get tomorrow's gift card go down there
smash that subscribe button and click
the bell to turn on notifications cool
but guys it is getting hot in here it's
getting sweaty well I mean I'm getting
sweaty but guys what I'm gonna do right
now imma gulp says I'm a treasure of
this camera
i'ma wait for Cara to come back in and
I'm about to prank you guys I need you
guys to all give me some good look in
the conversation down below tell me what
pranks I should do on Cara next let's do
this okay guys so I have just set up the
hidden camera behind the TV literally we
never even watch TV this thing is always
just sat here doing nothing we always
just go in our laptops and like using
Netflix and stuff but yet here is in the
toilet
literally like five feet away from me so
I should probably get this started guys
go down there smash alike subscribe if
you new leave a comment
how the mouse is gonna go this could go
wrong guys let's do this
oh yeah I think we need to have a chat
ever like it's not like that serious
maybe just a you yeah yeah I'm fine
maybe I'm just I don't visit the best
time
I know I'm not like that's done when you
get the wrong light and in a second I
know obviously we're gonna hold listen I
was I'm not trying to like do anything
or like say anything like be too serious
but like these last possibly like weeks
I don't know if you've felt the same but
I smell a bit different so like they're
you know the first few eight times that
we met if I'm overreacting but this
doesn't feel the same anymore I don't
know what I'm enjoying like obviously
we're making videos and stuff but when
we're together I just doesn't feel like
it used to
I don't I do understand
did you not feel the same
I don't know it's then this much with
foresight again BIOS and stuff like
Colton everything what do you think am i
over acting do you think do you feel the
same I mean I never say it so I'm kind
of glad you put up the fast I mean it
kind of shocked me and think that what I
think you'd like
sank me about Italy now anywhere you'd
wait like maybe for us to get back but I
just feel like I mean to say my Julie we
should kind of before sing something
that I reduced cars yet to say you did I
mean Mike Harris II care about you a lot
but
you know I mean you joking you taking
this fucking birds
theory you should say how'd you feel
how's that like maybe it's not going
great between us downtown they're
serious
don't you mean serious
I was joking I wasn't maid service he
wasn't joking
why would you thought that there's a
cover of that behind it ta I was doing a
video did you say but please don't tell
me how serious I was joking like
seriously how am i enjoying like I enjoy
it it's just like sometimes people don't
have like a connection I just feel like
it's kind of are you fucking joking
we literally it's been literally we
haven't quite had a minute apart from
each other
don't tell me you serious forget the
camera the bullshit you serious I
completely just said that I was
literally doing a prank these reasons
why well because you're always like
pranking me and stuff and it's just like
it wears me down but you see don't tell
me you see too much what isn't
I mean I'm sorry about the price are you
guys Zeus I'm sorry
listen Fellini it was not funny
who stole you boy hey baby I was
literally I think I was literally good
that's never happened to you before
oh my god what do I even do with this
load this is literally beyond
embarrassing only as a prank that's been
reversed I've had literally just crying
oh thank you do it oh my goodness you
little one emerge yeah brilliant
honestly what's her plug you know much
housekeeping I'm really pumped about I
was like this is a camera pan but yeah
I'm gonna prank her she's gonna be like
no no don't break up with me don't break
up with me and they're not all of a
sudden you're like yeah let's break up
what the what about what the hell were
doing here here against the w-4 this one
mores taking the oil well guys I I don't
really know what to say to that
I just got humiliated I mean I guess
I'll upload this probably you know not
really gonna help me at all it'll just
make me like a bit of a baby but hey ho
just a fidget spin on the haters guys if
you enjoyed that I mean the prank King
got be I don't know if you guys saw the
video where Keira pranked mom I was like
there may be a new prank Queen in town
and she's literally just shown again why
you know maybe
the prank queen after all guys if you've
enjoyed remember to go down there smash
a like on the video let's try and get
10,000 lights for Kara reverse nail me
guys go down there and smash that
subscribe and I'm uploading every single
day in December at 6 p.m. so tune in
tomorrow at 6 p.m. there'll be another
new gift card in the comment section
another new video it's dope guys 31 days
and Walt is still going strong but guys
thank you all so much for watching we
didn't break up that's good and I'll see
you
