so it's two o'clock in the morning
Walden's outside on their head I'd think
it is gonna stay there all night but
this is where team dad gets his home
bike so first thing I'm gonna do is know
the second thing I'm gonna do is go out
there I'm gonna destroy heaven tonight
hello team orgs and welcome back to
another video today it's being a while
but the challenge king is back y'all I
should make some challenge King merge
and today I'm gonna be doing another
overnight challenge wherever this one is
gonna be a bit different to the rest
because it's not just gonna be an
overnight challenge it's going to be a
24 hour overnight challenge boys I'm
going for the full 24 and this one is
gonna be a little bit different because
it's gonna be in a pool and instead of
doing it on like a float I went ahead
and got a thorn blow-up mattress so I am
prepared for this now this challenge is
gonna involve me waking up in the pool
going to sleep in the pool having my
breakfast in the pool having my lunch in
the pool it's gonna involve me urinating
in the pool probably not in the pool but
I'm gonna have to urinate so much during
this challenge
okay I won't you're in that pool okay so
yes boys and girls you in for a treat
today but this also requires a lot of
preparation but guys if you're new to
the channel and you've never seen my
face on your screen before hold on I'm
gonna give you guys a little bit of a
challenge for this video soon this is a
challenge video
i'ma challenge you guys imma give you
only five seconds to go down there
subscribe hit the like button and turn
on notifications starting now fine Oh
one by guys comment down below if you
did it if you did those three things why
as I said guys these challenges require
preparation I could just jump straight
into this but I don't want to be like
swimming in a pool for 24 hours guys I
need to be prepared I need food I need
water
I need entertainment I need places to
urinate well i'ma be in there for a
while so guys let's go and get prepared
for this ting well hey so if there is a
team dad out there don't know if there
is but if there is you're gonna like
this so today Morgan came to ask me if I
would help him with another one of these
24-hour challenges usual thing is going
to probably get on it
sleep on it through the night and then
you know it's gonna get up in the
morning I'm thinking that's too easy I'm
thinking that you know he claims to be
the prank King his mom's the prank queen
what about me at the end of the day I'm
still the senior hood so as far as I'm
concerned and if there is a team that
out there what you think let's prank him
so I'm gonna help him gonna like think
it's just a normal one at the end
get ready so we've just got the mattress
guys and oh it's not weeks we thought a
honey pin because we thought we needed
bad trees but it does it comes plugged
in by the way dad thanks for the help
today bro I need you on this bro I need
your help so guys as you can see here we
have the air mattress this ain't even
like a blow-up like floaty for the pool
we are literally getting an air mattress
and sticking it in the pool guys we're
not we're not playing about today bro
I've said it many times we ain't playing
about today that's what we came to the
conclusion of you have bought an indoor
use ahem double mattress the kind of
thing similar by perhaps for their spare
room in case they've got visitors
well it certainly can't go on a pool can
it it's got a plug on it but maybe not
bothered about it ruining it ruining if
it might sink probably well I could make
a good video maybe but I mean I guess we
gotta just plug it in and see whoa
do the honors get it switched on bro I'm
trusting you to do the honors bro can
you do it successfully employed I'll do
but I don't have a clue
oh you got it oh I only took you to
charge bro
letting the team down a bit there with
that and I might want to break this too
but that's not exactly waterproof part
of church life will sometimes you'll go
to the shop you'll be like I want to get
some orange juice and it'll just give
your lemons and I'm like Brad I don't
want lemons but I don't want I'm is the
one flip no in just bar but what are you
gonna do you gotta take the lemons
and you gotta make juice you're gonna
take the oranges you gotta make juice if
life gives you lemons you got to make
juice and this is just life giving me a
lemon but I'm about for it and I'ma make
some flipping juice brah
oh yes boys and girls I think we are
gonna be in business I think I just made
some flipping juice because guys this is
coming on well honestly I'm gonna need
some good look from you guys though so
go down there smash me like on this
video let's get 10,000 likes I need some
flippin walk guys we're gonna dump this
in the pool right now then we can gas
snacks and I stuff but guys let them do
it but guys now we're gonna go get the
snacks
get the preparation get this stuff let's
do it so boys and girls right here I've
got my bag we've ventured inside to the
inside world what I spend all my time
right now we're gonna get some snacks
and fill up this bag because obviously
we need to survive we're gonna be in
here for 24 hours so this ain't a joke
so the first thing we're gonna get guys
I'm sorry but everyone knew it was
coming we've got it's got that round it
but we've got literally a quarter of
watermelon Sophia cares let's just stick
it in the bag second thing we're gonna
get boys and girls we need to stay
hydrated and the best way to stay
hydrated is with coke crying I know okay
let's get some water to them bro the
next thing we're gonna grab
next draw here we've got the toy which
is basically the phones all right we're
gonna grab some Mentos maybe for new a
little die-cuts till I mean you boys
still Isis Mentos and then maybe guys if
I want to throw a bit of like a party I
get some friends going on the boat on
the water
next thing I'm gonna get it may not be
the smartest I get an ice cream
so one thing we are gonna get guys I'm
gonna know the back of my first thing
now it's a little bit chilly outside
okay I know we're on a whole day and
everything but at night it can get
chilly so I don't want to be freezing
bro I've got my nice warm coat nice
camera coat feeling good next guys the
most important things in my life the
iPhone X basically this has got you know
all my girlfriend's on it oh my oh my
make him believe it that's not very
believable bro and it's got all my other
friends on there I've told you about
this before
alright but bro I think that is about
everything we've got a few other bits in
here but bro for real I'm just gonna be
texting all my friends throughout the
day and your face time in everyone all
my girlfriend's and everything so yeah
boys and girls there we go we've got my
bag let's go on an adventure boys
an adventure nice what we're gonna do is
kind of just get my bag on there so like
oh great well honestly no one can touch
me in this well this is my lol Island
this isn't a boat this isn't a mattress
this is an island this is my Island I
mean my I've got my moat I've got all
the peasants around the island stood
watching me what and bro I just I'm
loving life also one more thing could
you pass me a pillow oh no you know that
saw it been oh yeah you really want one
of the peasants to pressure a pillow yes
okay bro low-key boys and girls I'm kind
of loving life right now like for real I
was thinking is this challenge gonna be
hard but like I don't see how it can be
the time starts now guys it's about
midday right now it's like 1:00 right
now obviously it'll go dark about
sevenish shuttle be the first day and
then obviously we'll fruit sleep through
the night wake up and then have a little
bit of time on there then we're good if
you remember the last one of these
videos I did on holiday
I actually got sabotage by mum when she
came and popped the bed obviously this
one is resistant this one can't pop so
I'm happy right now I'm pretty sure
nothing can stop us I'm pretty sure
everything is gonna be good guys look at
this we've got the pool we've got the
bed bra could just go asleep right now
guys I'm not gonna lie this is gonna be
the easiest challenge ever
okay so guys it's been about like an
hour now not I'm putting on an hour
probably about 30 minutes right I've
literally just been laying just admiring
the sky I know it's pretty gray right
now it's not the best day but like
low-key I've just been chilling I'm just
I'm at like I'm in bed but and this is
literally just a bed to me like people
sleep on these things so like I'm good
but I am getting a little bit hungry so
guys I do need to crack into my first
lack of the day obviously I packed a lot
of snacks in this bag and man has got to
eat that's all I'm saying
I mean you may be asking me Morgan what
are you gonna eat and to that I just say
it's obvious bro look at this look at
this thing bro have you ever seen a
watermelon looking more juicy and tasty
in your life sorry wait wait hold on
guys I'm getting a phone call yeah yeah
I'll call you back okay I'm just doing
it just doing it overnight challenge
right now
oh let's crack this thing open bro let's
get let's get some food in my belly
obviously guys when you're the challenge
king you've got to eat you know we ain't
good tonight brah mmm tastes like a meat
and love right now bro oh wow that's
probably disgusting but yo that was good
yo so guys I have just been scarfing
down that melon for like the past hour
little not hour I'm obviously
exaggerating but like literally that
melon was so flippin good I it doesn't
like I've eaten that much of it but like
ah mmm it's just so flippin go school oh
no oh no oh no well oh no there's been a
melon murder look guys it's all over
everywhere I've just killed a melon but
dad's in the window dad quick out me go
he's all about the Bulls viewers in
there bro I've just murdered an innocent
melon and I can't do anything about it
bro that was my only food sauce and you
can't even help me because the challenge
is started Oh guys yo I just literally
napped off bro I'm not even gonna lie I
kind of napped off right there
like it ain't even late right now it's
actually about 5:00 right now but I'm
out he goes dark about 6:00 so we've
actually done about four hours of this
challenge which is literally not it
hasn't felt like that at all I've just
been like on my phone a little bit just
you know eat in the flippin warm Ellen
before it what guys everybody calm down
below
rip watermelon 2k 17 because he had a
good life bro had a good life but guys
right now before it goes dark the Sun is
actually started to set what I'm gonna
do I think I need a little bit of like
someone to talk to I'm feeling a little
bit lonely you know I don't really trust
dad right now I don't know if I talked
to dad said he's all about to talk to a
bloody holiday come on Kara please don't
let me down girl
come on bro come on bro don't let me
down bro come on brother entire internet
is watching this well make him think
I've got four yeah I'm sure she was just
busy come on one more time one more time
for good look
yeah bro hey bro how many likes should
we smash on this video Kara 69 thousand
birds smash that like tell him Kara yeah
if you want only if you want well you
know uh I do our friends guys and I'm
sure she was just a little bit busy
check this out bro we are kind of deep
into the night right now we're not that
deep into the night I think dad just
went out he literally just woke up as he
got back like he was shouting and stuff
so it's two o'clock in the morning
Morgan's outside on their head and
thinking he's gonna stay there all night
but this is where team dad Casey's home
back
so first thing I'm gonna do is and I the
second thing I'm going to do is go out
there I'm gonna destroy the hair bed
with the knife completely deflates over
basically I reckon he'll just kind of
sink into the middle of it and obvious
in that his bag will probably get where
he's definitely gonna get wet and that
is gonna be what you call me team dad
getting my own back on team walks watch
his face it's gonna happen very soon not
going to film it because I reckon team
which is that might be a little bit you
know weird but get ready he's going down
five minutes later bro where's your iPad
gone I'm thinking the same flippin thing
right cause you have that gun
what the flip flip what the what why I
only see one question why decide is it
simple what I simple because your team
walks and this is for team dad team dad
that quickly consists of one man
sabotage team mob spawn yeah it was
really not fond of them God
Saracen do you want to know the reason
for this I do I do it's very simple
1000 1000 all beings
do you want to explain I should I do you
want to explain or should I do it well I
don't know if it will show up its patio
and this pool this afternoon consisted
of 1000 or these balls are broke from
one of Morgan's fantastic ideas who
spent three hours picking them up
individually so what is my challenge now
bro tell me what happens to my 24 hour
challenge we don't build half of what is
simple you have to stay in there okay
you know the usual stuff you've got to
leave at like and you've got to
subscribe and I think I say and I've
been that he's being Mardy Morgan which
I think should do is new name Marty mobs
yeah but either way it's
slop pizza
