yes guys you heard that correctly every
single video in December will have a
gift card pinned in the comment section
of the video hello guys and welcome back
to another video
hold on a minute guys I'm kind of mad as
you guys know Kira is at my house at the
moment
and today is the first day of December
and this is a big day for so many
reasons number one today is the first
day of thirty-one days of mugs number
two today is officially the first day
that the pub life merch releases and
plenty of other stuff guys today is a
big day this is a big day for your boy
and last night while me and Carol going
to sleep I said to her Kira we gotta get
up early and she said Morgan that's fine
I'll get up early I can wake up I'm
gonna do it it's such an important day
so yeah I'll get up here I was probably
a terrible care and pressure it is now
1:00 p.m. and she hasn't gone up yet so
guys I may be repping the new pug life
merch but one thing you know about me is
my prank King nurse doesn't go away
and today Kira is gonna learn not to
mess with guys if you're new to the
channel remember to go down there and
smash that subscribe button the family
we're doing this we're doing 31 days of
mugs
I'm gonna talk to you about that later
on in the video I'm also going to talk
to you about loads more exciting stuff
in this video and also I'm gonna be
pranking care a lot more too so this
videos gonna be dope but right now I'm
gonna go upstairs and get camera a
little wakeup surprise Oh baby I have
missed you I have missed you megaphone
okay guys so she's asleep in my bed
right now so we have got to be stealthy
about this I did just sneak past her and
she didn't wake up so I think she's a
pretty deep sleeper
okay good talk Murch out today out right
now kara
and today giveaway release today winner
yeah other stuff bye
good morning okay guys so let me give
you a little bit more info about what
this video is actually going to be
basically in this video there's going to
be like five major announcement I'm
talking giveaways I'm talking
announcements of who won giveaways I'm
talking new merch I'm talking very one
days and blogs there's gonna be loads of
different surprises and announcements in
this video so watch till the end so you
know everything that's going down now
guys the first thing I'm gonna plug or
should I say the first thing I'm gonna
talk is the new pug like much baby it is
now out guys I've been waiting so long
to release this merch and I'm happy to
say guys it is out and it is hot and it
is selling quick so if you haven't
already got your pug life merch remember
go down to the link in the description
or just go to
www.montgomeryvillenissan.com
when you're opening your presents on
Christmas you can rep the pug life merch
everywhere and also guys for this drop
of the new merch we bring out two new
items as well as t-shirts and hoodies
we've now got sweatshirts as
and also we've got long sleeve t-shirts
t-shirts with long sleeves I also guys
one more thing over on my Twitter I'm
gonna be following back loads of people
who tweet me they're on a confirmation
of the new pub life merch but yeah guys
as you know I spoke about this in the
last video but the merged squad has just
been going insane at the moment this
last month over 2,000 new people have
joined the merge squad and caught their
merge and I thought it's about time we
brung out some new merch to spice
everything up so we've got the pub life
merch let's see if we can get over 3,000
new members of the merch squad
disassembled I'm challenging you guys I
don't know if you can do it but I'll be
funny to see let's let's do this guy's
the mech squad is going up in the world
yeah baby
well right now Kara where are we off to
we're going shopping aren't we
we're going shopping guys and this leads
me on to another part of the video while
we're out shopping and them to buy some
things to give away to you guys over
December and let me just say it may be a
little bit crazy so stay tuned for this
guys darling
not too sure what those cinematics were
but anyway mom and Cara yeah mainly mom
have you heard the news
do we know what today is today is the
first official day that the pug life
merch goes on release to everybody
oh my god why would you know cuz you've
got yours
I've got the sweatshirt yeah exclusive
volumes but I won this way sure right
now do you think they should get it from
the link in the description I think they
should go yeah definitely it's amazing
Kara's just in China on shoes and I've
got to say I rate the pink socks
you're showing your girly colors I like
her you shown you feminine side so guys
I'm in hmb right now basically I said I
was doing a giveaway in December and
it's gonna involve gift cards and a lot
of them and basically I'm just gonna
take em v and after per 15 Google Play
gift cards and the guy just coming to
the back there's gonna be interested in
by the way
Carol O'Keefe like balled out a little
bit Junior you spend 600 pounds guys I
went into hmb trying to get 15 Google
Play ones I came out with 9 that's all
they had even when I did the guy went to
the back he was looking for them all I
got was 9 but I'm on the quest I will
get more and as well as that I'm getting
some iTunes ones so we came to Argus and
we look at the gift card bet and there's
one Google Play one so it's gonna be a
long time guys gonna have to raid
Meadowhall of all the gift cards like
Loki I thought this was gonna be easy
update the Argus line literally didn't
move in 10 minutes so we just walked out
okay boys and girls we've taken a quick
break from searching metamorphic gift
cards it's currently got nine Google
Play ones and now I choose one which is
a little may concern him but we'll have
to see what we can do made out this
order the rest online or something but
yeah we're just saying binder Mama's
right now obviously weapons for the pub
life merch I love this however la when
I'm lost
I am kinda sweating and it has absorbed
the sweat pretty well so that is
definitely a positive but it's also very
disgusting
so yeah i'ma go eat my food right now
okay guys so we're just unlike the train
home right now basically we didn't have
the best of luck now the plan was to go
and get 31 different gift cards right
and I'll explain why I want to a home
but we came out with nine which means
I'm gonna have to order loads online but
I am gonna get them guys and I'll tell
you why right now okay boys and girls so
the reason I bought all the gift cards
is simple last year I did a little bit
of crazy giveaway over the Christmas
period where basically I gave away one
gift card every day and it was either on
my Instagram my snapchat or my Twitter
now that lasted 12 days and I thought
how can I make this one bigger and
better and then boys and girls it came
to me every single day of 31 days of
Maude's that is every day of December
that means this video that means every
video to come until the 31st of December
there is going to be one of these Google
Play gift cards or and iTunes gift card
pinned in the comment section of this
video
literally these videos get like 100
comments in the first minute so is
literally just gonna be a race of who
can get to the videos quickest at 6 p.m.
to take the gift card yes guys you heard
that correctly every single video in
December will have a gift card pinned in
the comment section of the video it's
gonna be pinned out right at the star so
it's gonna be a race as whoever can get
to the video first take the gift card
and it's basically just gonna be who is
the most active subscriber on that day
it's gonna be flippin crazy brah
obviously I want to help you guys I want
to let you in on a few secrets that you
can do to improve your chances of
getting one of these gift cards or one
of the iTunes gift cards basically guys
what you can do is if you click the bell
for my channel and turn on notifications
that means you will get a notification
straight to your phone every time I
upload a video in December so then you
can click the notification you can run
over to the video you can get yourself
the gift card and you can be a little
bit richer so yeah guys if you're on
your phone go to my channel click the
little bell
turn on notifications and also make sure
you subscribe to the channel and also
guys apparently if you leave a light on
the video to it improves your chances of
getting the gift cards so go down there
leave a like click the Bell make sure
you subscribed and every single day of
December starting now there is gonna be
either at iTunes or a Google Play gift
card in the comment section this is
gonna be dope this is the Christmas
season I'm flipping Santa Claus bro no
guys I have got a few more special
announcements to let you in on including
the iPhone giveaway and also some other
cool stuff but before the huh you guys
know how Kara went out earlier and we
thought you know we got some pretty cool
clothes she got loads of clothes well
she's gonna try them all on now and I
thought what better way to do it than a
flippin fashion show bro let's go
not really sure what that was but hey
let's continue bro so now that you know
about this year's Christmas giveaway I'm
gonna be literally giving away like five
hundred pounds worth of Google Play and
iTunes cards to over thirty of you
well 31 of you so I should have probably
just said that rather than over 30 of
you but yeah if you haven't already
gathered guys that means I am gonna be
uploading every single day of this month
31 days of logs last year was a bit of a
disaster I did about 10 days and then
kind of failed but this year I'm back
I'm stronger I'm ready I'm fierce I'm
hungry I'm determined and I'm just Ian's
food so I'm I'm ready so yes guys why I
want you to do right now is leave a like
on this video to wish me good luck do
you think I can do it guys do you think
I could upload for 31 days straight I've
never done that before the most I've
ever done is like 15 so this is a real
challenge for me guys but I've got fresh
ideas coming your way soon so remember
hit on subscribe and hit that Bell 31
days of morgg's is o so guys moving on
to the next big announcement for this
video it's about this thing right here
the I Phone 8 now this was like my pre
Christmas giveaway okay this ended a few
days ago and a few of you been asking me
malls
who won the iPhone was it you was it me
went why would it be me was it Kara it
wasn't it wasn't Kara well to be honest
guys that's the thing it could be Kara
because guys to answer all your
questions I am gonna be picking the
winner for this iPhone in a few days and
I'm gonna
message the winner over on Twitter so if
you're not already following my Twitter
guys remember the link is in the
description below or it's just at
Mortensen right there on the screen so
yeah guys stay tuned I'm gonna be
announced in the winner stream once I'd
like DM him and got it sent to him and
everything so the announcement will
probably be in a few weeks but guys I am
gonna be getting this title and sent out
to one of you very soon so keep your
eyes open guys if you're watching this
video though it could be you you could
have worn an iphone so yeah keep your
eyes open stay tuned with the channel
stay tuned of everything it could be you
bro you could take home an iPhone and
some gift cards bro this is madness and
also guys Cena's we you know we're
having a hard hard conversation right
now I'm filling you guys in on a few
things I'm gonna fill you in on a few
random things and just waffling just
like speak to you I don't know it's
pretty weird I don't do this very often
I usually just shower you so i'ma just
how much a speech yeah so a few of you
have been asking me morgs wave up into
your new house and I never really talked
about this much but I said in a video
about a month you know how I bought a
house and like I did but what happened
was we're supposed to be opening this
time so that I'd have loads of videos to
do in December in the new house however
it did get pushed back because I assume
a lot of you won't know this but people
who sell your houses tend to push it
back in annoy you and I'm pretty annoyed
so guys we are gonna be moving into it
early next year I think it will be early
February so yeah get rid of some dope
videos in February and also guys what I
want you to do right now is it's
something a little bit different I want
you to leave one video down below in the
comment section that you've always
wanted me to do one video that's maybe a
bit different a bit wacky just one video
that you think would be funny hilarious
just one video that you would click if
you saw me upload it guys comment down
below what you want to see and I'm gonna
be bringing you some of these ideas
because it's 31 days of morgues I gotta
bring you some pretty dope toast that I
gotta bring you out this every single
day 6 p.m. get ready
gift cards phones stuff 6 p.m. every day
his lair but yeah guys that is where we
are gonna wrap up this video a little
bit a weird one this was like pretty
crazy
I mean went out early on an adventure
quest for gift cards and don't get 9 so
now what I gotta do is order loads of
them online or maybe goats like Tesco or
something tomorrow maybe I'm vlog that
who knows and yeah I mean I'm a gonna
see you tomorrow at 6 p.m. when there's
another new video and another new gift
card on the line and it's gonna be lit
but yeah guys thank you so much for
watching and as always I've been bored
you guys been awesome and I'll see you
in my next video peace Kirra out if you
enjoyed the video then remember to
subscribe
the mugsy's channel and don't forget to
leave a like if you have it thanks for
watching this
