so Kara how are you feeling you're
watching the video with move another
girl how they feel I'm shocked shocked
yeah it can't shock me to like still
have been doing most my heels like me
I'm really terrible person to be around
well combined to another cogs video
today we're back she's not she's not
happy to be back I've got a confession
guys cogs is fake
no but seriously guys let me let you in
on a little bit of a secret I have a lot
of embarrassing videos on my channel but
today I'm gonna be showing Kara some of
the most embarrassing and just some of
the most random and classic videos on my
channel I'm talking fat morgg's I'm
talking all of the most cringe Ewan's
it's what you're not gonna enjoy these
videos I can guarantee you so yeah guys
as you know by now I am gonna be
uploading every single day of December
so if you're not already subscribed
remember to go down there and smash that
subscribe on guys and also click the
bell down below to turn on notifications
so that you don't miss an upload in
December because there is some bangers
coming your way some with Kara some with
mum some with me they're not probably
gonna be the best ones but there's some
bangers coming your way so hit a
subscribe on and smash the bell how can
I make them leave a like if you don't
want Morgan to upload everything with
their December because he's just so fat
and annoying leave a like on this video
and then he won't upload tomorrow do it
do it now 20,000 likes and most will not
upload for the rest of December good
guys
ignore her imma be uploading every day
you're stuck with me
but yeah remember go down down liked the
video anyway you've got five seconds
doing our five Oh
wallet buying did you do it and guys I
know I know I know I'm plugging a lot
but I've just got to plug one more thing
that you mean pug one more thing pug
life merge comes out tomorrow
the Saturday the 2nd of December I'm
gonna be dropping hoodies I'm gonna be
dropping sweatshirts t-shirts and also
long-sleeved t-shirts this Saturday so
get ready for that it's gonna be
dropping and it's gonna be dope
ok so Kyra the first video I'm gonna
show you is a little bit of a classic on
the channel this is normally a fad morgs
video but like this was kind of like
upcoming vlogs
this was reacting to old embarrassing
photos so the first one you're gonna be
reacting to me reacting to old
embarrassing photos are you ready like
old photos that happen to also be
embarrassing okay you can seem a little
bit woman named Sharon
although this is bad this is bad this is
bad
baby I've never wanted to punch a baby
more of my life oh yeah oh no no these
not these not these no no no as much
they like your mum I'm really judging
her parenting like she needs to be told
when you're ugly sometimes notice that
you love to my long hair
Jill say she loved my Jesus crying what
you born a girl by any chance something
just happened along the way okay so
that's video one carrot all right in our
10 let's keep going let's keep making it
worse and worse okay guys so the next
video is an unseen one I've never shows
this on my channel before it's got 400
views so that means no one has ever seen
this and don't know watching this has
seen it yeah but they were from to know
things literally two years ago this is a
Minecraft video that I did but it wasn't
like an ironic one i wasn't even like 12
in this video i was like 14 so yeah guys
I'm gonna show her my minecraft video
maybe we could have my own Minecraft we
probably did today we have video
this is courtesy for me because this
wasn't even that long ago I don't feel
anything
oh this is that my channel is called
morgues gaining morgues gaming I've had
a lot of names more gaming no I didn't
half of my fans will like half of my
fans will dislike fans
Howie sixth yeah I had like a thousand
already there anything that had fans was
a bedroom could you go so hot because
you're so fat guys I literally had 1,000
subscribers and I called them fans about
500 of them was my school who all
laughed at me deal 100 were people I
asked uh sub to me and then another like
20 were like my family and then oh my
goodness
someone please you know Alice what
you're fat okay guys so the next video
is another really embarrassing one it's
just like one clip from this but this is
a PES video idea if you don't know PES
is like beeper and I remember I'd like a
really good player like you open pots
and you can get like good players and
bad players and I got a really good one
guy and this was my reaction
so look I covered my eyes right I
covered my eyes so that's like a good
player yeah this is gonna be cringe guys
there's gonna be cringe okay the next
one I'm gonna show is absolutely
horrible
that's all furniture needs free time you
don't come wherever when you don't hit
10k likes on a video
guys please leave like let's get to 10k
likes or I will go oh okay so the next
video is we're gonna move on to our some
of the more recent videos and you know
they're a little bit a little bit kind
of I'd say a little bit less cringy
believe it or not you know there's some
videos I did with like another girl yeah
yeah so I'm going to show you some
videos actually did with another girl
okay yeah just a good just another girl
okay you ready yeah okay you know I'm
gonna let you pick so we've got meet
Mike we've got get married tonight
we've got more features and we've got
never ever with my which one Jennifer um
I'm gonna go for never have I ever with
my never have with my bucket Stassi
never have I ever with my dirty let's go
for never ever ever with my dirty so
Cara how are you feeling you're watching
the video with move another girl how can
you feel I'm shocked
sure yeah they can't shock me to like I
still haven't understand what yours like
me I'm really terrible person to be
around if we do never have I ever
we are indeed never have ever recorded a
video with malls
never have I ever been arrested
three-two-one never have I ever peed in
a swimming pool
oh that's to put easy alright three two
one
never have I ever skipped a lesson at
school
three okay once okay it's time for the
biggest question yeah we've saved the
best for last
never have I ever kissed the person sat
next to me 3 2 1 okay so I'd like guys
it wasn't like the girl in the video it
was me I was just very cringy in that
video okay just don't get the wrong idea
it was it was me Loki since me and the
girl like stopped talking I haven't like
mentioned it at all but like she did two
videos on it
I need some fresh clickbait sorry well
guys that was a pretty interesting video
I mean here did you learn a lot about me
but yeah guys this has been a different
type of video just like you know Carol's
probably learned a lot about me she
learnt I used to be a bit of a winner I
kind of still I'm a bit of a weirdo
everybody knows that but yeah guys if
you've enjoyed this video remember to go
down there and smash that subscribe
button join teen mom's join the family
and also comment down below what videos
you want me and Kara to do next maybe if
this video gets 10,000 lives will react
to all of the very first chords videos
with me and Kara that would be pretty
fun right yeah pretty cute so yeah guys
if you want to see that video leave a
like and of course subscribe to join the
team remember guys pull life merch drops
tomorrow Saturday it's gonna be dope I
cannot wait for everybody to get their
hands on this so many people the
messaging me guys I'm always pug in the
merge is coming out tomorrow remember
beg your parents so you can get some if
you order quick it will come before
Christmas so he can rent the pug life
merch on Christmas bro well yeah thank
you all so much for watching hopefully
I'll see you tomorrow in my next video 6
p.m. because it's gonna be every day for
December 31 days I'm old you know how it
is bro but yeah thank your search
watching and as always I've been malls
you've been Carol you guys been awesome
and we'll see you in my next video boost
I'll remember to subscribe
the mugsy's channel and don't forget to
leave a like
thanks for watching peace out
