then no I'm sorry I've gotta do what
I've got to do to get the girls mom she
just follow hello team Boggs and welcome
back to another video today the prank
King is back you may be saying morgg's
dad's behind the camera so who the hell
are you gonna be pranking today boys and
girls all the way from Spain imma be
pranking mom she's gonna have no idea I
may be in one country you may be in
another but still mom you ain't safe
from the pranking say maybe say morgs
why the hell are you wearing a coat with
no top like what the hell's wrong with
you we having a mental breakdown a my
answer to that is no but the prank we're
gonna be doing today involves fire not
very nice body let's be honest today's
video is gonna involve lots and lots of
these these are fake temporary tattoos
and basically I would just be going
crazy and just putting these all over my
body
now I did a tattoo prank on mom a while
ago and she fell for it so I'm thinking
this one this one of what we're gonna do
is me and dad are gonna kind of team up
on mom together we're gonna say that we
went on an eye out got a little bit
crazy and both got loads of tattoos and
she will hopefully believe it it's gonna
be over the phone we're gonna hopefully
get on FaceTime it's gonna be crazy I
don't even know what to expect for this
video but it's gonna be a mad one no
ladies and gentlemen if you're new to
the channel and you haven't seen my ugly
face before welcome to Team ox
well I'm saying that but technically you
gotta subscribe to join food mob so if
you haven't already
down there smash that subscribe button
and also let's try and shoot for
subscribe subscribers 15,000 likes it be
puzzle likes I'll take it let's do it
let's shoot for 15,000 so dad take a
look at some of these tattoos which
one's your favorite which ones you think
we should put on my body oh well we got
a lot of variety here today sounds good
those look I like those one maybe some
of them across my chest or you down my
arms maybe maybe that right in the
center of my chest
yes though
so yeah boys and girls it's been a while
since I frank moment obviously you guys
know me and we'll have a little bit of a
prank war going on so I think it's about
time I hit mom with another she gets
what she deserves so as you can see you
guys we've got all the tattoos here on
the table however we haven't actually
tested these yet so dad are you gonna be
the the graceful volunteer because you
know we need to test one solo bro and I
don't know I think we should save the
best till last right okay let's do it
bro let's do it so would you want to
pick one is ready that tickle you fancy
any that you think you could see
yourself gain that one there alright
that one there Brown like it up
everything does it does it not peel off
oh you have to work cut it with scissors
you have to cut it with scissors bro
I've regardless cos Ã¸z bro haha Oh bro
I'm liking this I'm liking this action
here oh man cuz this kind of white stain
on me
for a few weeks seriously yeah a few
weeks all too bad but someone's gonna
get it tested no I'm joking bro it's
only a day come on the pranking nervous
would never rests yeah oh yeah to remove
use cold cream which we haven't got a
baby on which we haven't got a rubbing
alcohol which we haven't got oh the
chest the chest I sweet so get that
there for me just keep it there and now
I'm gonna damp cloth it ah there we go
look at this bro look at this y'all oh
fail I'm not thinkin the tattoo don't
think it looks the best bro thinking
could be a bit better
okay tattoo number two bro what you
going for I'm going for this little
weird thing it I'm saving that one well
I want that one to be right on my chest
you're not taking that one off me bro
all right sweet brother you've got this
I believe in you this time bro it's more
wet for you come on bro you can do it
bro do it take it off bro take it off
bro do your show everyone that yo
dad I'm liking the swag bro I'm liking
the swag so guys as you can see that's
what they look like it does work now
it's time for my entire body to be
coated in these things not her I was
thinking I was thinking long and hard Bo
and I was like you know I could cut them
all out you know do it the boring way
but I was thinking about that's not how
we do it on the more channels you know
I'm saying it's not gonna work could you
probably photos well I'm doing it I
don't have these tattoos will be on me
brother my way is gonna work
I've got rock-hard apps so it'll stick
off but but what's funny about that
check out these ABS bro my arms are
gonna have tasks if there's anyone got
have to us is that like a thing I'm
gonna be the first person that's all ABS
brothers personally okay bro are you
ready get a close-up of this bro
Wow get it up on there and then we're
good what do you think do I look like yo
could I pull this off bro I'm not sure
really okay bro it's time for my desktop
sounds my neck top bro
are you ready if I was it's how you
chain off to get the best result oh by
the way I don't come off a lot without
is tonight really well I think it will
be okay bro come on I need you out for
this one oh no bro please if it falls
off it's cool bro this one's a bit
stupid ah ah ah oh honey no I'm starting
to regret it the ones on my belly are
hidden these ones on oh no bro really I
feel you enjoying this too much bro oh
oh wow don't come off in a restaurant
tonight lorry go for next I'm going for
the big one on the chest bro on the the
what the rock Johnson like Chester dogs
but I don't know why laughing I thought
the way no hot dogs and everything he
knows today
so we've got it right here guys this one
July get yo for it likes it kind of like
this it's not too what would you do hey
man with us right now do you think this
one's gonna look good I think this could
be the best one yet I'm just push it on
now I want this one to look good bro
I'll match the neck tattoo bro you ready
three two
yeah buddy check that out I like it I
like it
the neck shame about the ABS brother
looking good and all the free tattoos
added to the belly like that across get
the cloth wet it in there like that
a few people been telling me girls like
tattoos so I mean the way I see it the
more the better right well a quick one
yo I mean it kind of works but it was
what you think what is it you don't like
you're not feeling it from well don't
matter what you think though because the
team or devil knows all of this guys
comment down below if you like there's
some bro guys guys maybe if we get
20,000 likes on this video I'll get a
real tattoo bro we got some spare ones
here like this I'm thinking maybe if we
go from the side like that bro on the
side this is gonna be a tricky one to
stick down but I think we can do it bro
ready bro you ready guys oh baby a
triple what we saying that is different
very different more of a side yeah of
course need to get more all over we need
manage my body well could need to be
submerged my girl reputation ain't that
good at the moment bro so maybe this is
what all you know make them go over to
you know the morgue side maybe this'll
what this is what it takes these days
who knows some fake tattoo yeah bro
maybe maybe the girls would think it's
real I mean we was still waiting to see
what one thinks about this whoa look at
this I am looking like a flippin champ
right now imagine I'm just ripping my
top off and then you see this what would
you think well I think ridiculous so
guys guys a really good start but what I
do right now I'm gonna get the rest on
both cameras so guys get ready for this
when you next see me imma be looking
even more sexy than I am now three two
one he needs some milk we kind of went
all out
firstly we added about four more to the
neck which is definitely gonna be a
problem
we completely just pulled my belly look
at my nipple can we get a close-up on my
nipple
it's just covered like seriously I don't
know how I'm gonna get off the nipple
has been covered in tattoos we've got
the full length of the arms we've got
the chest honestly guys the only bits
that are good is like my shoulders this
is absolutely crazy guys we don't
clue how mom's gonna react to this but
she will hopefully freak out guys this
is gonna be crazy
get ready get your seat belts fastened
because this could go crazy what I'm
gonna do I'm gonna FaceTime one right
now I just text her and she said she's
like out in like a restaurant or
something so that would probably make
the reaction even funnier
so guys let's go and FaceTime will drop
a like you're excited
subscriber can you tell me the
conversations everything as we got
real-time salute and that arrived guys
let's do this okay guys this ringing
what am i doing we get really close to
my face no way already okay she's not
sad yet oh I'm not accepting to fee but
that's not how we do it come on mom
please surely now please
hey you pulled up home
even the car will stain the cup stay in
the car okay because I've got bad news
for you well it's not bad news but
basically what happened is no me and Dad
went on a big night out last night it
got a little bit crazy and we ended up
playing like Dez and it's only tattoos
guys I'm sorry it's not that bad yeah I
didn't mean to show you that ones I'm
sorry
I I think I should show you the rest of
the mob
the girls trying to do I think we put
that on - there you go bro if the dam is
it and what was supposed to him he tell
me to jump in the pool or jumped in the
pool
I tell you to get x fair enough then no
mom I'm sorry I've gotta do what I've
gotta do to get the girl's mom
she just hello did you hear what she
said I can't have you living in my house
looking like that huh
you think I just got kicked out you're
not coming over me I'm a texter I must
say she said ring me you fool
and I say more I have a confession
please
this may be a joke you look stupid
please don't kick me out it was just a
prank
and then I'm gonna put they come off
after only one year you're not going on
holiday we've done again she said yes
okay
okay I'm joking they come off so can I
come home
yes question mark and it's too much stay
bro
guys that wraps up another prank however
for this one I think it's kind of a
prank on me because your boy now has to
try and get all these off and out of a
clue how I'm gonna do it so guys one
light equals one prayer for my bunny
let's see if I can get these off by the
next video because if they're still on
by the next video who knows maybe I will
have some flipping tattoos look guys if
you've enjoyed your time to go down
there and smash my like on this video
and also remember to subscribe to the
channel if you're new for more crazy
pranks going down below who and how I
should prank next check the merchandise
store down below and release in pub live
merch on the 2nd of December it might
already be out or you can get yourself
some prank King nerds which I would be
wearing if you know I wasn't showing off
my body right now so yeah guys thank you
also for
I'll see you in the next video and as
always I've been more to guys than
awesome and I see you in my next video
peace out you can't read the future and
remember to subscribe
multi scanner and don't forget to leave
a like thanks for watching peace out
