okay so it's high dark inside so I'm
kind of concerned like I don't know if
he's in he said he was in the or and I
like talked to him I snapped at him he
was like in his room and stuff I just
got here exactly so my horn if he's not
in so you know leave but what it is this
is a bad idea actually
hello and welcome back to another video
it feels good to say that because I am
back in the studio with home boys and
girls oh god Morgan oh did you have to
come back I mean yeah yeah the hole okay
so okay good things come to an end now
today's video is a little bit of
spontaneous one I'm not too sure what's
going down today but let me tell you the
story of what happened earlier so I got
text from Cara you may want to vlog
today I don't know what that means but I
started logging so Cara it's like is she
gonna send me something through the post
it's like some fire it's gonna go off
near the house who knows but I'm excited
now guys
there is one more thing that I really
need to talk to you about but this
requires special lights in this requires
black bars
this requires sad music and it requires
somewhere to sit so free to one bang
that's better
emotional Walsh is already coming out
like 20 seconds into the video now guys
as you know about a year ago I started
my own merchandise and at the time it
was just a little bit fun you know a few
people bought it I think in the first
month we sold like 20 or something and
it was overall pretty cool it was fun
buy as you know this move has been a
little bit different at the star this
month I told myself why don't I work
super hard on the merge to make it the
best merch on YouTube so me and my team
we went through loads of designs whoa
different material we basically just
smashed the merch game and guys I am
proud to say this month alone November
we have now over 1500 new members of the
merch squad that means over 1500 of you
taught the merch it's so cool when you
worked so hard to make something dope
and you guys all love it so I just want
to say a massive thank you to you hope
your merch link in the description below
and join the merch what if you haven't
already and also guys let me let you in
on a little secret
hog life merch drops this Saturday the
2nd of December you better be excited
because I am new merch this Saturday bro
awesome boys and girls welcome back to
another walks video I should know his
intro show tonight I don't relationship
goals you may be thinking go who's in
walk-ins videos a lot why are you taking
over his blog long story well actually
not really if you didn't know Morgan
went to one of those Spanish islands I
can't remember the name of it I've
really pay attention to his life don't I
I guess we kind of missed each other a
lot I've been spending a lot of time
together recently so it was kind of like
weird to not be together for such a long
period of time I haven't seen him like 3
weeks now which you know isn't that much
time there's like a lot of time and he
made a joke like a few days ago like ha
ha Kara like you should like come and
surprise me like it makes such a cool
video it'd be such fun video and I was
I kind of brushed off my foot her such a
funny play whatever like I'm not gonna
do that like why would I do that
I'm not gonna come and visit you and
wait in your house and surprise you when
you get home no I don't really have a
cute romantic surprise e bone in my body
but then I thought about it and
therefore actually that could be a
really good video and not only would it
be a really good video I genuinely miss
him and I feel like it would be really
cool I don't know overwhelm him of
emotions surprise them the thing is I
don't really know how this is gonna go
because when he said that he was
obviously just joking as a passing
comment we didn't think about it after
that so I don't know whether you'd
actually be happy about it and if I was
just around me turn off his house and
surprise him I have no idea how he's
gonna react to this I guess it's kind of
scary I bought an open return ticket
which means I can return anytime which
means that if he doesn't want me there
any more I can just hop on the train and
skirt back home okay I love it this
looks and eivin walks you've been
awesome peace uh-huh so weird okay so
I'm running really about to leave my
house to go and see Morgan I should
update you I don't know why I'm updating
heaps I'm actually really late and I
should probably be like moving and like
getting there because if I miss the
train then I won't get there whatever
I'm hi oh my god why did that happen
I'm gonna toilet I just got off the
train and now I'm Morgan lives this this
is gonna be so weird if someone looks
and I want to see like terrified not
professional blogger I sit down and make
my videos inside so now I'm going to
Morgan so I'm gonna make my way there
and get ready to Surprise them and we're
really cool I think I don't know this is
God why did I do this I want to go back
home okay so it's kind of dark inside so
I'm kind of Concerned like I don't know
if he's in he said he was in I do and I
like talked to him I snapchat him and he
was like his room and stuff I just got
here in a taxi so my point if he's not
in so you know leave but oh god what is
this this is a bad idea
oh I thought you cleared like a weed
that's why you told me to vote today so
what have you like been recording this I
was waiting around today like what the
hell is gonna happen because you told me
to vlog and well I believe in vlogs
because I didn't know what was gonna
happen I started the blog and I was like
so something's gonna happen right
I thought you were gonna send like a
package to my house or something
not like you to my house yeah no a we
literally haven't seen each other for
like three weeks like literally that's
like the longest we've gone since we
like sort of like met so I yes you
battle my camera now
I don't like way too many questions for
this to go like on her so have you been
like filming all day and like planning
this yeah no yeah but like I don't
believe it
like I was literally gonna ask you
tonight to come like tomorrow I didn't
want to be like - like pushing like yes
yeah so can you stay then I mean there's
one person we haven't asked mom so maybe
we should go do that now no yes she does
like low-key then you've got nothing to
worry about I think she's gonna be happy
you like her only friend
mom could you come out here please we've
got a special visitor bring get in so so
good to stay there yeah course I want
low-key like once I get my new house
there's my rule so I you better be like
getting prepared for it now like you
know I I'm the king oh we don't just
stay yeah I think he misses you more
than Nico
when I got back from holiday he didn't
give me that much attention right so do
you want something I think we're gonna
go out tonight so okay yeah you've got
the house to yourself don't go too crazy
mom okay sweet hug life merge out second
of December get ready for it it's the
know yo so guys I just went and got
ready me and Cara are obviously going
out right now but check this out I
bought this new coat like yesterday and
like it's flippin huge and it's bright
red and I'm like thinking to myself like
yo this is cool look how much cooler
would it be if it had a more logo right
now I don't know I was just thinking
maybe after we've released the pod like
merch 2nd of December will release some
big fat coats like this so they can
stand like that
but for now I've gotta just wear this
but guys we're gonna head out right now
let's flip in do this guy's just before
we go I've got to give Bulgaria's food
pull go oh my goodness we'll go attack
the bowl we're gonna go eat my food now
bro
when the day is a really interested in
you okay would you want to tell them why
you're actually like like dying
well I messed up my sleep schedule
really bad so I was kind of on like his
7 a.m. to 3 p.m.
sleep schedule and I had to leave my
house at 7 a.m. today so that didn't
leave much room for sleeping so I
haven't slept in a good like 30 hours
and I feel like I'm going to die
the reason you eff early was because you
were surprising me so that means I'm
kind you're responsible for this so I
just need a nap
well looks like you got to get some food
at you first
hey so guys the food is just arrived we
didn't order like something that like
died expands like there's like 30 for 2
people which isn't that bad and look at
the size of it oh my goodness here you
want to get started
wait wait wait wait what what are you
doing
I'm good
really are you full I don't know oh well
guys I guess more for me I saw on Kara
story she wrote this in the toilet
because there's like two boards so I
think maybe Patrick just following lines
oh yeah guys I mean I may as well take
this time to say at marks whitey don't
follow that don't follow that one though
that's just that well guys I mean um we
didn't finish much of it did we I'm a
vegetarian
are you actually oh so what is like that
half-eaten chicken wing doing down there
oh yeah seriously though check out like
this size of that is all one turkey legs
like for real who can eat that much I
mean I love me hearty all right then
boys and girls we just arrived back home
now can we just like have a quick recap
of that meal we had a turkey leg we had
ribs we had chicken we had pulled pork
we had onion we had cord we had chips
literally that could have fed about
19,000 families like I'm not even joking
that was like ridiculous but yeah we're
back home right now and guys I'm about
to surprise care with something pretty
crazy she just surprised me so it's
about time I surprise her with something
now I've had this for a little while now
was gonna surprise her with this like
weeks ago but kind of forgot what hey yo
I give it to a now because she's here
basically this is boosts her and it's so
cool okay Kari can't look shut your eyes
okay show you guys pillow your eyes
there you go
just filled with kinder eggs you like it
you can kill over it's filled with
kidneys don't open it
I'm Loki not sure how you open it but
thank you Oh bye she will happy at this
then I was to see her but guys honestly
there is just something I want to say
again which is pretty damn dope and like
kind of serious but at the same time
it's just cool like I want to say this
to you I just want to say guys once
again a massive thank you to all of you
guys honestly the support you guys give
the videos is overwhelming and also guys
the main thing I want to say thank you
for is the merchandise guys honestly
it's been a month now since we decided
hey let's make the merch even doper
let's take it way more seriously and
let's make it the best quality possible
15 Wong's and since then almost 2000 of
you guys have bought the merch and
joined the merch squad so hey I'm just
gonna keep making the merch more and
more dope for you guys and the merch
squad is gonna keep growing guys the 2nd
of December the new pull drive merch
comes out it is gonna be so flippin dope
I just cannot wait for you guys to get
your hands on it for it to go on sale
the 2nd of December and if you want more
updates on the merch I have got a
merchandise Twitter app morgg's merge so
follow that for some updates so guys i
just want to say a massive thank you to
everybody that got the merge is
literally growing so fast
it's a flippin movement you guys are
loving it you guys are literally like
loving it I'm seeing you guys wearing
everywhere you're sending me pictures
it's dope thank you all so much but guys
that wraps up another crazy video
remember to leave a comment down below
what videos you want me to do with Kara
and subscribe if you're new for more
videos coming your way soon thank you
guys so much for watching and as always
I've been more juice
been awesome and I'll see you in my next
video peace out if you enjoyed the video
remember to subscribe amongst this
channel I didn't forget to be the knight
thanks for watching peace out
