guys I just bought the new iPhone almost
credit card
no flow
guys in today's video I'm going to be
spending as much money as I possibly can
on my mom's credit card in 24 hours
that's right guys will just find me up
on her channel and I just took a credit
card and we're gonna be getting revenge
and also guys make sure you watch all
the way to the end of the video one of
the challenge
he needs Terry Crews bald Martin bald
bald Martin come here
you're alright
Martin I'm filming a video where I spend
as much money as possible on mom's
credit card
24 hours yes wait think about it think
about it think about Martin we can buy
you whatever you want
I mean Martin I can think of the perfect
thing to buy to kick off this video
you bring mom upstairs distractor I'm
gonna go downstairs guys it won't be
long till she realizes this has not
actually growing we need to be quick
guys at a time right now and we're bout
to kick this video off with a bye
we need to make sure mommy's in a good
mood for the rest of this video
doesn't get you angry so I'm about to
order a load of McDonald because nothing
makes mom happier than McDonald okay so
I'm gonna get more many large Big Mac
meal with extra cheese and castles and
stony and extra lettuce extra pickles
extra bacon extra ketchup extra mayo
extra food and extra tomato 20 yes no
cheese no bacon no ketchup metal lattice
no injuries no mustard no mayo it's just
gonna be the bun oh gosh guys I am gonna
get her meal finally six solids I'm
gonna get a Coke Zero for me look at the
size of this order guys 54-17 freaked
out when this arrived guys guys guys
I just got some food for us all a
signature collection burger I am silly
it's just a brick whoa okay so it's just
a board a cheap booty come back to check
books here with us oh I like its salad
Morgan you've got bread cakes you've got
happy meals and you've got salads what's
going on okay there you go it's a Big
Mike bull you may want to check what's
on it I can't even open the box
huge
like double portions of everything I
love that one
thank you very much well Morgan
so we choices but overall I'm pretty
impressed and I'm really really happy
that you've ordered this food Rizzoli
mother oh thank you so much we're gonna
enjoy this Oh mah mAh so I've got a text
from the bank say that we could spend
fifty something oh let's just enjoy this
food what are you bad thing it's just a
twitch don't worry about a glitch okay I
guess we've got this food we just enjoy
it then yeah come on that's gonna have
the big burger yeah you're gonna happy
meal why not go on there oh my goodness
guys that was actually a closed wall
I don't think mommy's on to us yet and
after that McDonald she's probably gonna
be in a happy mood for the rest of the
day so guys I think this challenge is
gonna be another successful
I'm going to shop in a fantasy treat
myself some clothes so what I'm just
gonna I'm not gonna be long I was gonna
pop out and guess I don't know fancy
pants oh yeah um go and shop I don't
think you should do that because you you
already have so much clothes you don't
need more this is Morgan I'm gonna have
to have ourselves something no you don't
want to do that I have a bad feeling
something bad is gonna happen
I'll come with you
I'll come with I want a controller with
you okay you want to complain something
yeah why because I am I want to I want
to treat you to everything on me I'll
buy you your clothes it's a tree it's a
tree I'll buy you your clothes I'll come
shopping with you yeah so I'm sad to
know leaving come on five minutes and
then bugger off yeah I'll just get ready
guys if mom goes out shopping she's
gonna realize that she doesn't have her
card and she's gonna know I've taken it
so I have no other choice guys I'm gonna
have to go women's clothes shopping and
I'm pretty sure the guys watching this
no that's the most boring thing ever
however I still got mom's credit card
and maybe while we're out there I'll be
able to find something that I like and
buy it myself
our mom's gonna go let's go Morgan so
just so I know can I just go buy
anything on your credit card and you
just don't mind yeah anything on my
credit card go wild I love I stuff you
wouldn't normally buy buy anything yeah
as much money as you want
checking everything seriously seriously
this is your present
you've got Morgan just forgot one thing
yeah she has no idea that it was
actually
I was thrilled to someone please go away
Sonia's late and what about fish oh yeah
omni-channel day ya know I've put on my
details day today something's wrong I
just want to know why anything they said
calm down and we're looking to it and
then you're started screaming at me but
give me the phone they dry subtle
sweetness so they go swimming at them so
they all know I don't if they're looking
into me or novice trial I'm crazy in the
speaker's car
chill chill chill chill breathing hell
weren't you what it was to spend that
order of 50 pound yes please ma'am I
told her I was behind in those clothes
for a treet credit card she's got crazy
there you go wait wait wait mind hit the
bank just say that they were looking
into it oh yeah well that means we
probably don't have long left to buy the
stuff on her card before it gets
canceled oh no hurry up quick so mine
this might be our last chance to see you
later bye oh my that's good Jesus Jesus
Jesus
get the whole quick shoot get the
flippin Sudan get the shoes get the show
get the shoes get the shoes bye guys
we've just arrived at Meadowhall if the
bank were actually looking into it if
they're investigating it we probably
only have about ten minutes to get as
much stuff as possible before the card
is canceled
come on my where do we go where do we go
everywhere sure thing let's go aha
what's gonna happen cover nipple there
come on let's go let's go let's go hey
Morgan
what do you think of this one I think
it's good I mean anything that covers
the ball head is better than having a
leather so we get mom's credit card
let's go come on Martin you deserve a
treat hey nice game video games I'm
gonna get my get and we don't even know
what that is
bro I'm gonna get everything go and get
a little control so I can play we're are
you sure we've been doing mind do you
see why is right there come on who we
need to be quick guys we've arrived at a
pawn shop it's shorting right now I
think we need to get in there and be
quick draw
there's so much choice are we actually
gonna do this yeah that for the play oh
we are we doing it come on run you
little bit too far no come on I said at
the start of the video there was no
limits guys we're about to cop some of
the new iPhone X s max I don't even know
what the hell these things are boats
I'm not pay so how many should we get
Martin well then you'll get one let's
give one away so you think we should get
two of the new iPhones yes oh my god
guys mom is gonna weep hour after we do
this she's probably gonna kick me out
for a few moments later guys I just
bought the new iPhone on mom's credit
card
well Morgan what do you think about
Island I am scared my why because as
soon as we get in she is definitely
noticed that the money's come out we're
in trouble
it's just for me smiling eyeball to it
it's mine I don't think I don't things
yes baby
I'll just not really supposed to be
working out six like a little tree yes a
little tree it's also got the last
iPhone in the entire shop so instead of
giving away an iPhone
at the end of the video down below
it's a lot of money but you've worked
hard so it's said that if you purchase
the iPhone how much was the iPhone again
Marty did I just have well bu hard blow
a test to say that 1005
no no no yo might get her away from the
phone no no stop no no no please please
please please hey hey hey Morgan
give me the phone now or give me the
phone
now shut up you it was over here Morgan
give me well this is about my phone when
we don't know you don't I do this more
please please I'm just a boy okay
this is the phone now oh no I think
she's gonna throw the damn guys
subscribe right now to enter the iPad
pro giveaway there's only a few more
days left to enter peace out
