we're gonna be putting coca flipping
caliber up against the shirt they can't
get wet and guys this is gonna be the
biggest test yeah I don't know if it's
gonna be able to do it okay the way I'm
gonna do this Brown that aim a little
bit lower down you see you ready bro
cool you ready changing the rules free
oh hello guys and welcome back to
another holiday video today DIY malt is
back on the scene because I'm gonna be
showing you a trick on how you can make
any t-shirt waterproof now guys let me
ask you a question here's the deal
you've got to leave a like if this has
ever happened to you you sat down you
know you having like a nice meal you
having a nice meal out or maybe you just
sat around the table we have family
having you know having your dinner
you've got maybe a glass of coke or like
a glass of orange juice or maybe just a
glass of water bro and then you go you
grab the water or you grab some food or
you grab your coke you go to drink it
what's up you've spilt it right down
you've got a stain on your t-shirt it
won't come off and then you've gone and
ruined your shirt this trick will
hopefully make that in the past because
I'm gonna be showing your way that you
can make any t-shirt you want waterproof
and stain resistant but it's going down
now guys if you're new to the channel
and you've never seen my face on your
screen before hello welcome to the
channel on this channel we take
challenges we take pranks and we make
them even more crazy so if you're not
subscribed you're missing out
go down there smash that subscribe
button to join Team Mugsy join the
family bro and obviously while you're
down there if you haven't already
smash alike on the video no guys give
you a quick explanation on how this
works
this right here is instant protector
spray it smells horrible now this stuff
is usually useful like shoes to protect
your shoes and it can really be used for
anything so we thought why don't we try
on t-shirts and see if it protects them
from loads of different drinks now I was
thinking why don't we just try this with
like water see if it works and then
leave it at that but that is not how we
do it here on the malls channel so I
we've got Pepsi we've got Kevin we've
got coke light we've got sparkling water
sprite Fanta
I am brew redbull well we've even though
some flipping dr. Pepperberg and today
we're gonna be trying all them drinks on
this shirt see which ones work see which
ones don't see which ones are protected
and obviously some of you were probably
thinking morgues what sure you're gonna
be showing it on today and if it wasn't
already obvious enough of course there's
only one shirt I wanna try on and that
is the prank King merch guys if haven't
already go get yourself some merch it's
truly the hottest merch on the Internet
this shirt
never leaves my body so I mean if
there's a way we can make it Wharf roof
I mean hey that'd make it even cool
alright so I want to find out if we can
make the merch even more hot but guys
before we get started with the drinks
there is one thing we need to do and
that is actually use the spray on the
shirt we've got a full canister here of
the protection spray
I've got of course the prank King merch
and guys there's only one way we can
really do this and that is turning it
into some dopes in a mic so dad
three-two-one what role the cinema X so
I'm supposed to say yes roll the
cinematic rolls the cinematics
okay guys I think I was being a little
bit silly there so let's pass over to an
expert and get some real sprays on this
thing dad you know what you're doing yes
I sprayed many of your pranking t-shirt
in my time yeah of course the Oz bro he
gets the merch she gets the merch what
can I say
I want to admire the technique see he's
doing he's doing good hand movements
there dad's good with his hands
obviously changes the direction there I
noticed it well I did notice the change
of direction he's really going all out
here getting that planking sprayed get
it back as well yo we gotta go back as
well bro go get a bit on the back I
would just put a drink down your back
because if someone likes will you and
like froze onto your back you never knew
your back has always got to be prepared
bro okay boys and girls so about ten
minutes of sprain later we covered the
entire shirt front to back with the
entire ball bra the vault on it used to
be spraying it so freely now it's just
it's dead bra it's that here we have the
first oh oh
the first substance we're gonna be going
for we're starting small guys we're
gonna build it up here we have a bottle
of what hat
this is some nestle at kwarrel learn
nestle BRR I don't know what it is I
don't buy water I don't even drink water
I just drink coke and stuff haha that
we're gonna go with the Nestle Nestle
versus the prank King covered in the
spray dad I guess here we go obviously
if the stuff fails then it'll seep
through if it doesn't then it should
fall right off so bro are you ready guys
I need all of you to give me some good
look all these to smash the like boy all
it hit our subscribers this could be
crazy let's see what happens here we go
whoa
right London whoa let me like let me oh
my goodness
did you see the bow it just kicks joy no
no no let's get some more on it oh yo
did you see that bro wait wait wait
we're gonna get a show this in slo-mo
already guys it didn't take us long but
guys roll the cinematics
yo guys I tell you what I was nervous
I'm not gonna lie me and dad we're both
thinking is it gonna work is this
challenge gonna work or is it gonna be a
fail so far with water it looks like it
works guys so the days of spilling water
on your shirt the days of spilling water
on your shirt and it's seeping through
or over guys with this and it falls
straight off and but I'll just go stuff
but stuff and I'm a stage right under my
shirt what we're gonna do is test a
different style of water now this is
sparkling water
loads of fizz which who knows if as a
special reaction with the spray could
could fail could not work so guys what
we're gonna do we're going to get
cracking into the second thing let's do
this you ready for the Fizbo yo y'all so
bro here we go
remember guys comment down below if you
think it's gonna work yo he still works
but it makes a sound brah
I mean it's oh my goodness brought a
quart wore in my shirt look at ow oh no
this is the craziest trick ever I
actually can't believe this why isn't
every shirt waterproof yeah bro why
isn't every company's on this bro I'm
dry as a flippin feather I don't know
why feathers dry but I'm just so just
realized I'm just literally sure we've
got rid of the water and the sparkling
water both get a success but now we're
gonna try some more different substances
we've got the coats the Pepsi's the
spray the Fantas and maybe we'll see
some different results with these guys
let's see if these work okay boys and
girls moving over to the second location
we got three more drinks to try we've
got the normal standard coca-cola we
have got of course the lovely fan to the
field Rijn $15 Fanta and then of course
as well as that we've got the sprite now
dad which one anything we start with do
you think we start with a sprite because
that's probably the least likely to go
like mr. dog like is like this
bro yo yeah we always get a busy gonna
fees no we got away with it well we got
away with it
ladies and gentlemen this is the sprite
versus the shirt that cannot get wet
let's see if the shirt continues not
getting wet
no no way it feeds onto the shirt well
when it works it works buh buh less we
want a fan sir
now this is obviously orange so this is
change it up completely
don't you think it's gonna stain is
equal to chained into the shirt that
clove and stain challenge but yeah guys
I think this is the biggest test yet so
remember get your comments in the
comment section tell us if you think
it's gonna stain so guys this is Fanta
versus the shirt that can't get work I'm
going to do it up it whoa oh oh it's
coming down both wings coming down but
wait oh I'm still dry all right I think
I'm account as a Wimble
I think I'm a Catholic yeah tiny bit of
stains on it but still a dish the
challenges it can't get wet and it's
waterproof and I am still dry under here
well I'm still loving life in there but
now we're gonna get into the big one
this is the big test it's flipping black
bro it's a dark drink we're gonna be
putting coke a flippin caliber of
against the show they can't get wet and
guys this is gonna be the biggest test
yeah I don't know if it's gonna be able
to do it I'm like fifty percent sure so
remember get your comments in the
comment section below let us know if you
think the coke will survive so guys here
we go we're gonna crack this open but
Wow
yeah that's what no one knew okay the
way my dude is grandma ain't a little
bit lower down you see he ready bro cool
you ready changing the rules free oh
okay well guess some armies coming down
I'm dry
no I promise you guys I made a little
dry right now under here I'm wobbu if
I'm out and about I could probably get
pushed into a swimming pool and still
feel dry this shirt is like my
protective armor bruh like armor I think
it's thank you
Oh sugar the cokes just falling out
I think the coke might have worn cool
it's the boo-boo though it's actually
super uber I've gotta be honest now the
pool nice and cold pool I don't wanna
get before we do that I say we roll some
Cinna Mike some different cinematics I
say we use the rest of the drinks and we
have a little bit of fun on me we've the
rest of the drinks perfect I'm willing
to take some drinks to the basement but
for the sake of the city Mike's bro
should we do it
yep let's do it roll the cinematics
boy look at the aftermath oh my goodness
wait can you come in grab the camera
he's literally going everywhere bro grab
that for me
we clean up inscribe hahaha when I go
back the bamboo if you have any Pankaj
bro just I don't know they shirt
survived yeah alright yo so guys that
was the shirt that can't get wet which
is pretty ironic scene as I'm in a pool
right now thinking back to the actual
challenges they sure did really really
well it survived this right comfortably
the water the sparkling water
the Fanta and even did pretty well
against the coke until dad threw the
flipping ball on me and then it all just
went a little bit pear-shaped in there
but guys if you've enjoyed this video
remember to go down there and smash that
like button and also subscribe to the
channel for more crazy videos like this
one and also comment down below what you
want me to do next with some soda maybe
want me to make soda water balloons
maybe and have a water balloon fight
with different sodas that would be cool
and also remember guys go follow my
other social medias and get yourself
some pranking merch if you want to make
it so this waterproof go get yourself
some merch bro but guys thank you all so
much for watching this video hopefully
I'll see you tomorrow in tomorrow's
video also if you haven't seen the
treasure home video that me and Dad did
you should go back and watch that one
I'll leave a link to it in the
description
we basically hit 10,000 dollars around
the mansion and we both had to try and
find the $10,000 it was probably the
craziest video I've ever done guys so
link in the description to that go watch
that one right now because this one's
coming to end but hopefully I'll see you
tomorrow
new video so thank you so much for
watching and as always I've been morgues
you guys been awesome and I'll see you
in my next video prints out if you
enjoyed the video
then remember to subscribe in love this
channel and don't forget to leave a like
if you have a big penis thanks for
watching peace out
