hello guys and welcome back today we are
in a different location as you can tell
we have left the city of England no more
drinking tea is a city well this England
is my saying is we've left the city of
England no more teeth me no more
crumpets dad
we're here in wonder RC which just to
confirm is in Spain real quick let me
talk you guys through my past 24 hours
it's been a little bit mental right so I
woke up straight away filmed as don't
video with mirth which you'll see soon
and then after that I went to a meet-up
which was supposed to be three hours
ended up being six hours and in a
six-hour meeting greet with all the
people
and then I went home got two hours sleep
whoa back over like six and then we're
off to the airport to them fly for four
more hours then come here it's been a
manic time but me and Dad we made it
I'm ready to film some dope videos for
you guys now if you haven't already
subscribed to the channel if you haven't
already joined the team this is your
chance do it right now hit that
subscribe button and dad yes dad how
many likes do you think of this video
bro forty thousand twenty how'd we do
what you think I can do it yes
do you think they can do it effort guys
smash the light right now let's let's
see if we can do it now why am I in
one's right you're probably asking
actually you're probably not skin that
because it's fairly obvious I've came
here on holiday me and dad have booked a
dope little villa
we're gonna take you through the whole
in this video are you excited I'm
excited are you excited calm and I'll
work you're excited I'm excited can you
tell retired now that you're excited I'm
excited oh yeah guys if haven't already
go get your merch link in the
description and where am i right now
which is kind of crazy because I want to
keep it fresh for the rest of the
holiday if I'm a change into that when
we get back but Dad what we're gonna do
right now we've gotta go pick up the
rent car is it for focus guys it ain't a
Lamborghini I'm still waiting on my on
my London game you guys probably a
Lamborghini you wouldn't get that lot in
it oh yeah true whoo looks like after to
stick with the Ford Focus guys that
means we need to roll roll the
cinematics
loke probably the least attractive car
cinematix ever but i mean i guess it'll
do
okay then boys and girls we've just
pulled up to the crib obviously I've
still got my jacket on because mine's
not hot but yeah guys so this is the
crib for the next seven days we're here
in Spain nice and warm nice and sunny
we're gonna give you a quick tour now
and guys to put this into perspective
this was a little bit of a budget hold
everyone is this smuggler me but would
you it was kind of would put in
perspective right the last hole that one
Owens mom cost was like 10k which was
like insane I've never spent anything
like that this one costs was like one
point aboard for this same length and
everything so this is like a temp of the
last one and you probably think you're
more mob this is gonna be terrible you
probably think this is gonna be awful
but we've just had a quick look round
and get ready for this
guys this is a wicked place man this is
a really cool place I'm gonna hit you
with some hot videos coming up soon
remember guys if you haven't already
smash that like boy
comment down below what videos you want
me to do in this new house and also
smash that subscribe button join the
squad
getting merged which I'm still not
hiring literally imma change into it
when we get the suitcases and pipes but
Dad are you ready to give them a tour
yes let's go bro so this right here is
the entranceway we've got the whip here
got the Lamborghini you can really go
you can yo the foot way or you can give
it a back way we're gonna start with the
foot way because it's definitely more
interesting come on cameraman and here
we've got the pool area so this for the
pool area that you're gonna be seeing in
probably quite a few videos you guys
know means loving to fill up the pools
jump in the pool dive in the pools
push people in the pools so you're gonna
be seeing a lot actually this is one of
the biggest
I've actually had in any holiday place
and I'm dangerously close here to go in
a good place the cameraman I'm watching
you bow and then here we've got loaded
some beds we've got one two three four
five some beds right there's two of us
so you know and Pennock manners want to
come around you just chill it let's do
it but I saw some babe here we've got a
nice little sofa can we do all over the
lay down
Oh yo bro this is nice and then over
here round here we have the table if you
wanna you know be a little bit wacky and
pulley crazy we can do it we can flip
and do it then one more thing I want to
show you a barbecue we're gonna maybe
cook up some sausages awesome chicken or
even somebody beef burgers well yeah
what I say cook cook up a steak too but
here what about fish yo God definitely I
love me a son right
this guy's is what it looks barely nice
a good place a nice place for some
videos magic place to chill better than
at home but then again anything is
probably better at home this is rainy
and you know I haven't got a big garden
haven't got a pool so yeah let's go
inside so we're kind of cutting through
the front here which is a little bit
crazy but you can stay right here you've
got the little lounge area and this is a
hell of a lot bigger than why thought it
was gonna be it's an extractive fun
listen to that we got loads of free
things they gave us they gave us free
coffee which time y'all tell them what
you said about this dad's like this was
like more impressive than before now
check this out you sleep this year
we got Wow oh why oh why what you're
doing but we can do you have a very
stressful job
we got side in the road where we got a
film dad I need your cameraman for me
bro come on bro dad I need you a
cameraman with me bro you can't be
opening a bottle of wine both this is
not this is not bother plan bro well
come on this is not blogging you're
something useful whoa
get me a glass oh come on bro I'll get
you an extra small one okay the smaller
glass wine glasses well I don't know
what a buddy wine glasses is I don't why
would I know yo done I mean come on
rate the wine bro it's nice it's nice
you know I think nice t-shirt you're
wearing bro pranking Church where'd you
get that from bro free gift from some
annoying person where can they go from
probably from your merchandise website
link in the description yeah have you
one question about have you heard about
the new merch I'm bringing an owl it's
gonna be a new morning you mourn you
much but I'm treating them the team mark
it's gonna be merch beamed around I'll
go well maybe Bruno will have some in
the future bro
are you excited for it Wi-Fi send you
some free you're free
yeah I'm free free man yeah gonna wear
it yo continue with this all we've got
the lounge area pull it off can we spend
too much time in this because I either
stay in bed all day or just go in the
kitchen and get food but yeah we're
talking about food we got
but and of course some chalky biscuits
who really wants to TV anymore when he
got YouTube to watch you got your boy
marks to watch well that's not really
the crazy part this has keep looking and
the amount of bedrooms we've got to
choose from so in here we've got
bathroom number one sink mirror and then
we got a nice little toilet not nothing
to funds let's just keep going
we've got the first bedroom this is
probably gonna be my bedroom right here
whoa what this is the home of the pool
view the bedrooms the pain yeah you of
the pool and then as well as that I know
it's bad and of course you can't forget
about this one it's what we met but we
got a mirror there we got a safe little
toilet and then back here into this
space with the first formula you're not
gonna believe the craziest thing about
this house is it's like there's a whole
other house built beneath our feet guys
there's a downstairs and this is like
dads oh let's come down and show but
before we go down guys
i'ma ask you guys a question the
question for this video so you know this
one bedroom in this house but the
question I'm asking you is how many
finger is down there in total so that in
total with the one upstairs
cover down below how many bedrooms you
think you're in and also as a side note
there's two toilets upstairs one in my
bedroom and then the main title of
Commodore how many killers who was gonna
be two
and if you get it right you're a legend
brah okay first room here it's a
ballroom on we've got a washer in there
we got iron just boring stuff guys don't
I need to show you we've got the first
bathroom okay so the bathroom cow goes
up to three we got a pump in this one
we've got a nice and then coming through
here you've got the second bedroom guys
this is dad's bedroom is nice question
is that which bunk are you gonna be
going on brah bottom bunk in case you
fall I don't plan that can the top take
away we go here nice space just to chill
well I mean it's kind of locks but yeah
here we have bedroom number three
and this one is a slight step up from
the book bedroom as you can see nice
little TV there don't you have a watch
that they're mad well I mean it's pretty
cool and then a bed icon and then a
wardrobe yo it's just a standard room in
these stupid flippin lives with a stupid
flippin balcony thing I don't care about
her
I'm not fazed and then guys guys it for
the house site and of course it's not it
we got one more room one more bathroom
and then this one guys is dad tube i'ma
let you tow this one from this one
nobody don't I learned another pool view
where's the pool view bar not seen any
400 shocked in here
Oh got your own little space here that's
very where's your honor it'll kind of
chill BAM baby wanna go out and just
like no quiet and calming I am NOT quite
a common
because you don't watch TV you said that
I want my pool view but I want my pool
do on me
a man needs his pool view and there we
go guys guys the crib for the next seven
days we're gonna be here chillin having
a good time doing videos for you guys
it's going to be a dope time tell us
what you think we should do in the
conversation below any videos wants to
do what we should put in the pool what
we should do in this house wants to play
hide and seek any other games what can
you guys think of comment down below
leave a like no we're good guys but
right now for the rest of this video
we're gonna actually head out check out
the resort do loads of fun stuff out
there so I hope you guys are ready it's
gonna be lit okay so guys I've just got
ready to head out literally haven't
really changed anything I just took off
my jacket merch know I must put some
merch on bro
but is it too hot for an awesome move is
it - what wait where's your head pretty
great get out of town one thing I need
to tell you about is the iPhone 8
giveaway now guys this actually ends in
a few days it's either gonna be five
days or four days by the time you're
watching this was better than yours but
I'm giving them a phone what yo can dad
with the giveaways ended cuz that steals
the phone oh yeah guys the way you enter
this is by doing small tasks like
leaving a like on the video subscribe to
my channel following with the social
media so that you're probably already
doing so click the link in the
description where you can go enter to
win this giveaway it's really easy it's
completely free of charge and literally
this thing is going four days left
answer so tell your friends to everybody
to enter quick before the time runs out
because this is a brand new phone
someone's got to get it so why can't it
be you twelve seconds later well so dad
you lose this time robot with the thing
is you've got your knife where's your
fork oh you got a knife or knife go - go
for it tiny tiny it with a knife and
knife challenge oh no he's doing it
though look at this look
doing it Oh cover economy got a carrot
bro that's the real question
push through the schools you know who
needs a ball who needs a fault look at
the size of these fish I'm fascinated by
these aren't you oh god I'm working but
they're not sharks brother tits bitch yo
so I've just got myself a pink donut dad
always einem up look at them boobs
sticking out he knows you know Bruce
proud of the boobs you're gonna get some
more booze oh yeah I'm gonna get some
fruit wow I've never heard of thought
what sighs that was some what is our
chocolate a type of chocolate well cuz
I'm type of dog I don't know I've never
heard of any hi boys and girls we're
back home right now I bought this with
Jack you think it was like 40 pounds
from like a military shop it's like
military I'm gonna take you off anyway
multi two bad guys link in the
description well yeah guys well I got
myself this doughnut as you know and it
got kind of squished in the car so I
mean I'm good Shia tastes horrible
anyway boys and girls that is day one of
the trip so far it's been a little bit
was settling in day but yeah the crib is
really really fire I hope you guys
enjoyed the house all we did earlier I
really enjoy this place I think it looks
great
one more thing though guys it's cool
just to like recap on your day after
you've done the mallet you do so what
helps you recap see what you can do
better the next day but yeah looking
back on the last 24 hours for me you has
just been so absolutely crazy
we've traveled to a new country take it
over there
country got listo villa before that we
were taking over trampoline part meeting
over 500 of you guys you guys all
wearing the merge join in the movement
during the fall it's just so cool guys I
love to see all those working together
teaming up and being the strong family
that we are if you're not really
subscribed hit that subscribe button
down below if you haven't already got
your merch Joko linked in the
description down below and also guys
comment down below what videos you'd
like me to do in this crib because we've
got 7 days here we got a lot of time so
hit me up with some ideas and I'll be
sure to do the best ones guys thank you
all so much in the video remember to
tune in tomorrow at 6 p.m. for the next
video and I hope you guys all enjoy and
as always I've been mob's you guys been
awesome and I'll see you in my next
video peace out
