No
nor is it God
babe
hello guys welcome back to another video
I am awake I'm lively I'm so excited for
today what's happening today you asked
today is possibly going to be the
craziest day of literally ages I have so
much crazy stuff with team orbs with all
the prank Kings going on today and I'm
gonna be taking you guys through it all
today is gonna be so dope no real quick
guys let me tell you how my morning how
my day started today what I've done so
far now the first thing we really did
today is filmed an awesome video which
you will be seeing Sue and I got to keep
it a secret for now
but it's coming out soon roll the clip
from bar yo so we just wrapped up an
awesome video shoot you'll know by Sue
and it's a good one in the car I now my
give us a rev why isn't something really
quiet and then the second thing we did a
few minutes ago is we went to McDonald's
and I got a pretty weird meal check this
out yo um can I please have a a
cheeseburger happy meal here we are
we're back IV in my up a meal I'm
feeling good I'm feeling energized and
what's going down today is my first ever
meet and greet and it's held as you know
in a trampoline park I'm doing a fan
meetup in a trampoline park I think this
is the first time it's ever been done
jumping ex morgg's is today and I'm
gonna be filming it taking you guys
through it me and all you guys is gonna
be epic now as you guys know every day
I'm wearing my merch breath in the
pranking merch today gonna be wearing it
all day throughout this video to the
jumping event remember get your merch
link in the description below so cool
inside mom cool inside we're gonna get
ready for the event today it's in it's
in two hours guys so I need to get
myself prepared I want to get there
early so I can make sure everything's
going down well but this is a big moment
for me my first ever event that I've
held and it just happens to be in a
trampoline park which I you guys have
been asking me to film a trampoline park
for ages so I can't wait
oh yeah I'm just so excited let's do it
yo so we just came inside we just got
ready and oh my goodness mom how you
feeling you going to jump you're gonna
jump you're gonna jump it jump hey guys
I'm going to jump I'm going to junk yeah
guys honestly I'm feeling so nervous
right now I'm gonna tell you more about
this in the car more about the event but
oh my goodness what thoughts to go with
your head right now mom how many times
have I got to sing happy birthday
what could you always do that oh if it's
someone's yeah yeah true guys honestly
I'm just thinking hopefully it's not
buddy disaster guys let's get going
let's get in the car and let's get this
thing started yo so today guys we're
actually not going in mom's car we got
to keep it low-key and we don't want
like fans that attack in the car and the
body will whip the whip it's not as good
as mom's but it'll do it'll gas to the
event yo so guys as we drive on the way
to jump the first ever event I just want
to put this into the perspective guys a
month ago guys I had a dream I had a
dream I had a vision I want to make a
meet and greet event that isn't just
gonna be you guys paying to stand and
meet me that's what I decided let's do a
trampoline park meter and those jumping
X mugs was born they tickets sold out
literally overnight you guys attacked
them you sold them out instantly the
power of tea mugs was truly on show
there is gonna be 500 of you guys here
today we've got three hours to meet 500
of you I don't know how I'm gonna do it
I'm gonna enjoy every second of it
meeting team orgs seeing you all come
out it's gonna be so dope literally guys
I can't wait if you come into the event
I hope you had a great time I hope it
was born I hope you enjoyed me to me if
you can't make it hopefully we'll be
doing loads more
in the future so don't be too
disheartened I want to meet all you guys
because the other family
you're the squad and you're my flippin
Bros now Big Bob Martin is on the drive
we get into the event right now the
actual event starts in 1 and a half
hours we're gonna try and get there a
little bit early savathun up well guys
the tension is well and truly rising I'm
scared guys I'm nervous but I'm gonna
enjoy it all if you guys are there I'm
gonna be happy
i'ma meet you guys and it's gonna be
great it starts guys in like 20 minutes
and we're stuck in traffic I may be late
to my own event this isn't good
I'll keep you guys updated yo so we've
just pulled up to the event just before
he starts the first guy to get the merch
at the event introduce yourself bro
Jackson high-five
legend girl that's awesome no guys okay
so we're about to start the event right
now the first crowds of people have just
came
so guys today I am the youtuber youtuber
face go and subscribe to our Channel and
today I am going to be doing a prank on
logs the same team prank so yeah let's
get to it
No
you can fake but don't make insane
know so guys that wraps up the meet and
greet the the biggest ever I think
trampoline part we agree it was
originally 6 p.m. 1 9 p.m.
490 people guys it just ended and the
timers
midnight water for hours extra that talk
because G mods are too strong team bugs
are just taken over with way too crazy
shout out to everybody that came today I
cannot believe it guys that is 6 7 8 9
10 11 days 8 is that 6 or 7 hours
it says nice like a seven hour me agree
or I don't think everyone's like ever
done a 7 hour meeting we know breaks
nothing guys that was crazy
after the meal I feel like I deserved a
jumper bow so me and mom are gonna go
help let's do it guys come on man you
can do it you can do it mom do some more
come on mom she did it she held away she
held you wave come on oh oh my yo you
can do it mine
he's like a gorilla he's like it oh he's
doing it yo guys so what we're gonna do
now is going to be a little bit crazy
we've got the entire trampoline park to
ourselves right now we've got mom the
prank Queen she's repping the merch
we've got Jack the the not the nothing
what's my gone my way gone bro hey he's
not King gone you've got me of course
wearing the prank King guys what we're
gonna do we're gonna play hide and seek
in this sold out this empty trampoline
park now it's gonna be Jack mom and
Martin all hiding right now they've got
lots of space and I'm gonna be counting
in this corner guys you've got 60
seconds to hide okay that I'm gonna come
on the loose and try and find you what
you got to do you got a comment down
below team um team Martin or team
manager
and we're gonna see who wins this
hide-and-seek challenge guys i'ma start
counting in three two one go
five minutes later I'm coming is
everybody head now it's just a trick to
try make him say yes okay I'm coming now
okay I'm gonna start looking down here
no bounce out here okay let me sit
around here this is a good place someone
to hide if he's trying to outsmart me
I can't think we're good y'all I think I
think we got away with math to save that
space for me okay look at this guys
would venturing through this empty
jumping part right now we got a
basketball can I can I get that him
right now a lot of pressure right now
right okay
talk okay we're gonna walk over oh my
gosh oh gosh it doesn't bounce okay bad
decision there they say the policy one
let me kill the love let me cook off to
the side yo I'm police dog all this is
adventures of morgues and a trampoline
park surely someone's gotta be down here
oh geez those a wipeout they don't see
that I wiped myself out right there that
was brutal
Wow okay the show must go on guys I'm
gonna keep going
is that someone yes one behind he's
pulled mine I can see you it's both mine
it's bald Martin the first one to be
spotted if you commented bald Martin you
lose yo I've came back on the radar
there's a lot of hurt all spaces around
here
so I'm thinking someone has got to be
around here how is mom not out first she
loses every challenge let me walk up
this ramp and see if I can see what the
top of this ramp
I'm getting at all of you here everyone
better be scared I've got my eyes on you
all I've got my eye see you jack I see
ya okay I really don't but no one down
here I thought maybe they try and trick
me without having two people next to
each other but now I guess I'm back onto
the floor looking around y'all surely
someone's gotta be up these steps onto
the big jump
surely someone's gotta be up there come
out come out wherever you are
is that what I think it is behind that
pillar oh maybe not false alarm guys
false alarm
you know that means Jack wins team
manager wins
Evan team upon manager yo everybody team
up everyone team long we need to find
him
I know Jack he's got some intelligence
in that brain
he's definitely found somewhere really
good yo this is the one players haven't
checked it was right next to my account
nerd
surely not okay he's lying there mom can
you see him I think he just ran off is
he going to do some business deals I
think he might just ran off what yeah
yeah Shh no Jack you did win bro I got a
new manager if I don't put team manager
in the comments they're gonna be happy
right now
guys guys hide and seek in a trampoline
park but one more thing before we end
this video I think we need to have a
slow-mo montage of some trampoline part
fun guys roll the cinematics
okay and just like that we are back home
yo all I can say is what a flippin day
all my goodness like this day has been
absolutely crazy this has been one of my
craziest vlogs yeah we've had the meet
up which was supposed to be let me put
this into perspective right so we really
sales but my first-ever meter we didn't
know how was gonna go with it I think
was gonna be a shambles we didn't know
if we could even sell out we didn't know
how many people were gonna turn up so we
decided let's go with 500 people I was
like yo guys I think that's a little bit
too much I don't know five hundred
people are gonna want to see me
turns out we sold it instantly after
like a few days tea mugs sold out
instantly loads you wanted to come so we
gave you guys 6 p.m. 1 9 p.m. and we
thought I'd be enough but today 6 p.m. 7
p.m. 8 p.m. 9 p.m. and then 10 p.m. 11
p.m. all the way to 12 p.m. guys we just
completely shut it down tea mugs we are
literally a force where movement we just
took over the entire place like we do we
take over YouTube taking over social
medias we just take over things and we
took over the event guys everyone was
there repping the merch ever would buy
the merch at the event showing the cause
the pranking the prank queen the team
morgg's the MH everyone wearing their
clothes with pride I love seeing it I
loved seeing all you guys it was the
best thing and I just want to say listen
up guys
if you couldn't make it that's cool look
out for more events but if you were
there I hope you had a great time
sorry it took so long to queue but the
whole event was just manic and honestly
I just loved me you guys I just I want
to meet more of you I want to meet you
all cuz it's just such fun and I had so
much fun
and also guys as well as that the
trampoline part was super dope playing
hide and seek in that with Martin mom
I'm of course Judd and yet I was little
different
so tell me if you want me to maybe do
like a 24-hour challenge in the
trampoline bar if you want me to go back
leave a like if you want to see that and
comment down below what videos you want
me to do if I go back to the trampoline
park and finally guys if you haven't
already remember go to the link in the
description and get yourself some merch
weathers prank King prank Queen tea mugs
yet mhm case of submerge guys
everybody's buying everybody's wrapping
it you need to join look literally the
camera guys reppin it
mums out there reppin it all the team
mugs are wrapping it if you haven't got
the merch link in the description get it
now it's selling quick it's selling fast
and also guys new merch is coming out on
the 2nd of December the Saturday so get
ready for that - it's gonna be pug
themed but yeah thank your stone for
watching and as always I've been morgues
you have been awesome and I'll see you
in my next video peace out if you
enjoyed this video then remember to
subscribe
mozzies Channel and don't forget to
leave a like if you have a deep penis
thanks for watching peace out
