guys it all comes down to this this is
the final one we've got one more left is
to to whoever loses this one has to
admit that the other person is about
Franco and the diadochi better
all right the result for overall sales
goes to hello
ot mugs and welcome back to the first
ever award ceremony on the morgues
Channel today is the moment that the
past few months have been leading to the
finale of the merge competition today we
find out who is the true prank king or
prank Queen is it team of the prank
kings or is it team or the prank twins
in this video one of us is gonna have to
admit before the person is the better
prank oh this is gonna be a good one so
team molds and team Ola as you know
about a month ago we bring out these
pranking and prank Queen merch and what
did you say mom I challenge you Morgan I
challenged you the team mom could sell
more merch and see more you know she
came onto my territory she thought she
could just barge over into team Moses
space and challenge me saying the team
mom were better than team or saying that
the prank Queens too badly the prank
kings guys I was having none of it so I
accepted her a challenge in ever since
then it's been absolute chaos and today
the results are finally in to see who is
winning the challenge and who is gonna
have to be humiliated in this video now
guys if you're new to the channel and
you've never seen my face before I'm
gonna be uploading every single day in
Samba is going to be the return of 31
days of morgue so if you haven't already
hit that subscribe button go down there
and smash that subscribe button with
notifications on so that you're ready
for this sample and also guys why I want
you to do is leave a like on this video
and then comment who you think is gonna
win do you think it's team mugs or team
mom the prank kings or the prank queens
guys and I'm talking to all the team
mugs right now if you auntie mugs
if you're a prank King smash a like on
the video let's show Mom the way the
best I already know that we've worn this
challenge so guys we have an official
judge we have the results but just
before that guys I want to show you a
dope montage that we put together to
show the start and end all the way
through of the merch competition and the
prank war guys get ready it's lit play
the flippin montage
ano
Oh
Jovie
I say that we're the bad frankerz say it
mom say it mom say it mom okay yo how do
was that montage but back to the actual
video we have the official judge here
he's guys sue on he's looking swaggy but
just I think just what matches actually
got onto there but yeah oh you always
thought like an early win for Mom yeah
but guys the way this is gonna work
mine has got the results too many
different challenges and whoever wins
most of them wins the merch competition
it's going to be stuff like who sold the
most in the first day who sold the most
overall boobs on the favorite loads of
different stuff like that guys we're
gonna get this started right now and
it's gonna be dramatic guys remember if
you're not already on Team modes hit
that subscribe or and drop a like on
this video and then comment down below
tea mugs or prank kings let's do this
guy's I believe in team bugs I think we
can win this
go get yourself some merch if you
haven't already moths Co get yourself
some prank King merch guys we're gonna
start this right now wish me luck
let's do it Oh J mine we're ready for
the first one we've got five rounds guys
this could be over after round three
though Martin ele which is the reigning
ball was the first competition for day
one sales lose all the war on the first
day come on team or Drive you ready for
this I'm ready already the result is
timo the day you wanna selves was always
gonna be your boys the team boys were
the strongest
I bet everyone was sat there waiting yo
guys I love you
we won no up guys don't get this on this
four months ago we've got this in the
bag
that was just beginner's luck we've got
this in the bag what's the next one
right the next one is for reviews which
one got the best reviews which oh well
obviously mine did I saw the comments
best reviews best review yes and the
result is four best reviews goes to mom
and your thing good reviews you love the
color
thank you so much thank you I feel you
really Express should the pressure the
pressure
pressures only adding to what this was
the category what's the consecrate this
one is for best quality yeah that might
feels better in the cornfield Specter
nine very quality gotta be mine I'm
taking this right the result is for best
quality goes to moves
that is not right one more win for
morgue and it's all over and you have to
admit I'm the banker everybody I wanna
see that team Oxfam in the comment
section drop that like give me some good
look guys one more all right this one is
the wild card wild wild card
Martin's favorites are you ready for
this you write down one of those I have
mine's been all over build what's this
competition is it bouncing football or
the neutral thing the result from our
choose favorites goes to I knew you want
a gold digger you would just do it the
team will mine use that to all guys it
all comes down to this this is the final
one we've got one more left is to to
whoever loses this one has to admit that
the other person is the bad pranker and
the damage is better team orgs all I
need for you to do right now is just
smash alike on this video comment some
good luck covering that team box spam
y'all ready I'm right the next category
is overall sales overall sales more
overall sales are you ready for this you
too because it's been pretty pretty
tense speak close close close it could
be it could go either way
by the way yeah all right the results
for overall sales goes to
Oh passion commiserations the mum but
what can I say that is what happens when
you mess with team bulbs with the Kings
with the only Kings right no room for
prank Queens anymore with the Kings mom
what do you got to say to yourself I
just something doesn't feel right about
this
oh no she's getting so late I'm just no
I just feel like something Martin did
you all to out the scores old nothing to
do with me oh I did them all though I
ended up professionally I was then
confirmed by the merchandise team well
well I'm gonna say team amazed we gave
it our best shot and we nearly did it we
took on a huge team a huge force we got
to our five it was a good fight it was a
good fight we did our best guys and and
even though we didn't win all the
categories we got minds favorite we got
quality we've still got this lovely
merge to wear and all I can say to you
guys is thank you so much thank you so
much for all your support in this girl
we're gonna come back that's not what
anyway you gotta admit though you gotta
admit it mom you gotta say that I'm the
banker and that my merch is better I'm
the better no you gonna say morgg's is
the better pranker and more does merch
the prank King merch is better than my
friend screamer
what do I can't do it what you have to
do it mom this entire cannot just do a
forfeit like just nope
you've got to do it drink everything
foul you've got to do it man there's no
forfeit guys I'm so sorry Teemo Morgan
is the best prankster and they're
pranking merch is better than the prank
we merge the pranking merges there's as
good ass better back to mom but all the
way through better say yeah
the pranking match is better than Queen
Yahoo tea mugs what a flippin result I
knew you guys could do it you are
literally amazing I backed us all the
way through I said team mugs are the
prank kings I said we're the best I
always believed in you guys and this is
why because you're the leg
you're just the flippin best but I can't
think of any more words to describe it
whether you pour the match or not
you support the movement you're
supporting the prank King movement and
we all work together to overcome mom you
know there's nothing wrong with a bit of
friendly competition at the end of the
day it's been fun it's gone serious at
times but it's all been fun at the end
of the day and I'm just happy that we
managed to do it in the end we managed
to overcome and we'll see how seriously
mom takes us because she's just marched
upstairs crying I don't think she's too
happy about it but at the end of the day
guys what can you do
we're just the best we are the prank
kings and the prank queens we're just
the best and that's one thing I didn't
actually tell you winning this
competition
obviously gave you the rise to both
bitch
submerge because obviously there ain't
enough room for prank kings and prank
queens in the same household but for how
it works so guys for the first time ever
I can now proudly say if you want to go
get some prank King merch or get
yourself some prank we merge the link is
in the description below if you're on
Team mugs but you like the prank we much
better well go and get it like I'm
saying go and get it right now I am The
King and bro I'll be the flippin Queen I
own them both team mugs are the best we
don't have to be Kings anymore we can be
the kings and the queens guys go get
some merch at the link in the
description below or mugs
can read your colors pink or blue in
style I love this honey I've got the
t-shirts upstairs and you know maybe
I'll have to order myself some prank we
merch now who knows well guys I just
want to say a massive thank you once
again to all of you guys for all of the
support throughout the prank wars
throughout this little competition it's
been a lot of fun and all the support on
the merch guys you guys have loving it
you're gonna continue loving it I'm
gonna continue loving it and yeah guys I
just want to say a massive thank you to
all of you also if you're new and you
haven't already remember to go down
there and smash that subscribe button
and I think of a goal that we can try
here by the end of the year I'm gonna be
bringing back some more old-school more
challenge videos which is gonna be super
fun I hope you're all excited and I
can't wait for what the future holds for
those guys also on a side note I'm gonna
be bringing out some brand new pug live
merge soon so Mitch actually themed
around Pogo because loads of you guys
asked me why would you bring out any
match for pull down our little pole so
that's going to be coming out really
really soon guys so keep your eyes open
for that that'll be coming out towards
the start of December so make sure you
get yourself prepared for that because
it could be the highest merch yeah guys
thank you so much for watching and as
always I've been bored you guys been
awesome and I'll see you in my name
breathe out if you enjoyed the video
then remember to subscribe the mug his
channel and don't forget to leave a like
if you have a big image thanks for
watching peace out
