oh no guys I have a secret to tell you a
secret that I've been basically holding
him from you now for the past few months
ladies and gentlemen fat morgg's is
returning yeah Wow this really feels
like a 2016 moulds video you've got the
room you've got the cameras still you've
got the red cheeks like this is
ridiculous anyway hey guys how are you
all doing are you doing good you're
doing great
Hey look there's me pretending people
actually care about how I am do you guys
carry on I don't know leave a like on
this video if you actually care about me
but I'm doing pretty good actually
that's a lie I'm actually doing pretty
bad right now imagine you've just got a
big fat long carrot and stuck it down
your throat yeah that's how my throat is
feeling right now every time I talk it
actually hurts so you better be damn
grateful I'm doing this video you know
what because I'm ill and I'm actually
filming this I want us to get 20,000
lives on this video or I'll quit YouTube
but yeah a lot of you guys said you
missed the more old morgues type of
videos where I just sit down and talk to
you guys and because I'm ill and
physically don't want to move or really
do anything I thought this is the
perfect time for me to sit down and do
nothing on camera and just talk to you
guys hey so what I did on all of my
social medias I asked you guys to send
me in weird crazy questions I've never
answered before so we can make this
video super interesting so yeah if you
don't already have me on all my other
social medias guys what are you flippin
doing like what the flip are you
flipping doing bro
you boys got snapchat buying your boys
got Instagram fine and what was that
does your boy have Twitter your boys got
Twitter bang my Twitter and snapchat are
both more tips and that's all one word
it ain't two words birth and my
Instagram is more YT on my Twitter I'm
getting closer and closer to 200,000
followers so if you could follow me on
there that'd be great and Instagram is
the one i'm super hyped about because I
am literally this close yes this close
to 500,000 followers so I need all you
guys to go here my Instagram and all my
other social medias the links are in the
description below
oh boy wait wait wait hold on hold on I
know you guys also you hate my long
intros so I'm gonna get strange the
video right now not waste any more time
actually on second thought yo guys go in
the description and get yourself some
flippin molds merch okay for real though
guys I have to say a quick thank you
because you guys are loving this merch
like low-key this month alone over 400
of you guys have for the prank king or
queen merch I mean you should do because
it's flippin dope like I swear this is
all I ever wear I tweeted about this the
other day I own loads of like Gucci
Versace loads of expensive designer
brand clothes and it's just don't
flipping words about where the most
merchants ted is literally better so
yeah guys go to
www.mobileaustinnotary.com okay so as i
said i asked you guys to send in
questions on all my social medias if you
missed out go follow them all because
i'll be doing another one soon but let's
start with some Twitter questions Wow
that was rude well know how many times I
can burp in like 10 seconds should I try
it three two one
what's your favorite item of clothing
link in the description hey where can i
buy your merch Molko link in the
description what's the best merch on
YouTube holds no caroling in this couch
ok yo ok I'm sorry
let's like let's keep going when are you
moving into your new house
why start being in this question a lot
as you guys know I'm actually freaking
bought a house a few months ago and
we're supposed to be moving in around
now however you guys probably won't know
this when you buy houses the people that
actually sell you the houses always
basically take the flipping okay take
the flipping so ya ain't got pushed by
guys I'm gonna be moving into an early
next year I'm super hyper though the
place is like insane it's just gonna
take a while because you know the house
selling people are taking the flipping
page well can I get a high AR no you
can't that's so stupid like I'm fine I'm
okay thanks it's poker or Bruno your
favorite pause well I just went
downstairs before this video right there
go make myself a noodle because you boys
hungry your boys got a stomach to feed I
went downstairs guys you'll never guess
what I saw on the floor
it was the booty poo get a booty poo in
the middle of the floor alright so I
went to the pugs I said one of you has
got to own up who was it and Bruno said
it was bulgur but he said yeah I know
you won't you probably thinking you're
probably thinking dogs can't speak
Morgan but Bruno said Morgan it was Pogo
so I mean I'd get I'd have to say
Bruno's my favorite I mean at least he
doesn't pill on the floor how much are
you paying Cara well I mean she's coming
up again this weekend and I mean I've
got her next payment here so yeah paying
her quite a bit what can I say guys I
mean I tried to get a girl without
paying them but it's just not it wasn't
working guys so you know so guys the
moral of the story is when the times get
tough
just just pay them
most did you get hate from people in
your school low key guys I ain't gonna
lie to you there was some flippin areas
in the school I ain't gonna lie but you
know what I always said to myself haters
gonna hate
potatoes gonna put a cheese graters
gonna cheese grain clickbait is gonna
clickbait fat mods is gonna lose weight
moles we'll never get a date that was a
bit weird but yeah haters gonna hate
guys you just got a what you just gotta
rise above it whats 9+10 a dead joke
who's the best mugs or marx mugs
what country would you like to live in
and why England because it's my city
what city do you live in England how did
your YouTube instar because I was bored
inside all day and I had no friends
did you and Kira smash she smashed my
like button if that's what you're
talking about how are you doing bro
good apart from my fro do you ever feel
bad for some of the pranks you do no
because your boys a prank King and you
can be too matching the link in the
description below are you gonna read I
your hair blonde now hold on a minute
guys whip away cut the music
okay put the music put everything stop
just stop
I need father talk to you guys it's
serious okay so a lot of you guys have
been saying I should read I my hair
blond but I was thinking maybe I should
read I a different color something
crazier than what you've ever seen
before maybe green maybe blue
maybe flippin yellow maybe turquoise
maybe cyan maybe viola maybe God make of
any other colors boys and girls why I
want you to do is leave a color in the
conversation below but I should call my
hair and also you've got to leave a like
on the video and subscribe if you want
me to call my hair something completely
most guys will fat morgs ever return
Ramar guys I have a secret to tell you
a secret that I've been basically
holding him from you now for the past
few months
ladies and gentlemen fat morgg's is
returning now I don't really know where
to start here guys but I guess I've got
to be honest with you I guess I got to
tell you the truth you guys wanted to
know if that mugs is returning so I
guess I have to tell you the truth now
as you guys know a few years ago I used
to be very fat and then I lost a lot of
the weight and started you know roasting
fat morgue but guys fat morgues ISM
slowly on his way back now basically
guys recently I just haven't been able
to help myself I mean look at this you
look over here you've got a McFlurry box
here is a is a large McDonald's drink
and you probably thinking more marks
that's just a diet coke no that's fine
it was a normal guys I haven't had a
normal coke in 17 years no I'm joking
but for real it was a normal coke guys I
haven't had a normal coke in two years
recently I just feel like I'm losing
myself I feel like I'm losing my will
you know how you're supposed to have
breakfast lunch and dinner right or you
know or breakfast dinner and tea well
that doesn't apply to me guys I've been
having breakfast lunch dinner and then
another dinner boys I've been getting a
takeaway after having my flippin tea I
may even get a takeaway after filming
this video guys it's 1:00 a.m. I don't
need a takeaway right now but I can't
help myself anymore guys I really don't
know what to do about this I feel like
I'm I'm getting addicted to the food
again I feel like fat more just slowly
coming back now guys if you want to help
me in my quest to stop that moths from
returning
you can donate right now there's a link
in the description every penny helps
text save morgues 201 five seven four
six nine four seven five eight two seven
four three nine seven four two so that
we never have to see fat moles again
what on earth was that guys please don't
take that number I don't even think
that's a real number my Fuhrer guys hit
honestly though your boy has been eating
a little bit on Alfie at the moment and
put on a few pounds in weight so I may
have to you know get back to the gym I'm
enjoying eating food brah a man's gotta
eat a man's got to fill the bellies you
fill me pay molds are you gonna be doing
any giveaways soon I'm gonna be doing a
giveaway soon what am I gonna do in a
giveaway boys this already won out but
I'm doing one right flippin now flippin
giveaway phones over there let me go get
it
boys and girls the iPhone X may have
just came out but my iPhone 8 giveaway
is still open right now this is a brand
new black unopened unused sealed iPhone
8 right here and this giveaway is slowly
but surely coming to an end guys so if
you haven't already entered it literally
takes two seconds guys to enter for this
giveaway it's so easy and it's shooting
really really soon so if you haven't
already entered what the flip you
playing at bro
how do I enter you may be flipping
asking now there's a link in the
description below which will take you to
a website where I'll ask you to do small
tasks like Oh in my snapchat subscribing
to my channel and the more of those
tasks you do the better chance you have
of winning the iPhone but it's literally
things that are completely free it takes
you like a few seconds you're probably
already doing most of them if you
subscribe to my channel go to the link
confirm you subscribed and you can enter
into winning this iPhone giveaway like
it's that simple
however two of the things you have to do
to enter the giveaway is leaving a like
on this video and turning on my channel
notifications by clicking the little
bell so if you're already doing those
two things do them right now and then
click the link in the description for
more ways that you can win this iPhone
eight what's your dream car yo that's a
pretty flippin cool question you know
what guys usually like every kid growing
up like loves cars everyone knows what
their dream car is for me I don't really
know like to be honest guys I've always
been more of a scooter type of person
like who needs a blonde though who needs
a Ferrari when you can have a flippin
scooter
do you miss school in any way no if you
didn't start YouTube where would you be
now probably just sat alone by myself
wondering what the hell I was gonna do
in my life I mean that's kind of I do
now but like at least I've got something
to do talk to a camera by myself how do
you feel about people hating on your
success
the haters because they ain't us what
does the ting go Scabbers grab a basket
but Scott pads why do you only care
about the money you know this really
makes me sick guys like literally I'm
just fed up of everybody always saying I
do this for the money
like I've said this so many times I love
creating videos this has been my passion
since I was young I enjoy it so much and
I'll just keep sailing just doing for
the money just makes me really emotional
like don't do it for the money man Yolo
he before you all dislike the video that
was like a hundred pound okay I'm I
don't actually do for them honey I
promise I I do actually love this you
know on that note I think we've been
done ok guys what I want you to do right
now before you go is leave a comment
down below and tell me what you thought
this video I'm genuinely interested I'm
gonna be reading all the comments on
this video because I want to know if you
guys prefer these style videos or my
more like usual energetic move around
vlogs and challenges and pranks and
stuff obviously guys I've enjoyed this
so if you're more of these style videos
remember to smash a like on the video
and also hit that subscribe button if
you haven't already guys remember the
iPhone 8 giveaway is still open but it's
not gonna be open for much longer guys
the link is in the description below and
also in the description below is the
link to the merch it haven't only got
some remember to get some quick to join
the merch gang is the
and on YouTube I swear only the coolest
people in the world are part of the
merch gang if you want to join go get
yourself some mugs merch is literally
the hottest merch on the entire YouTube
come at me bro and finally guys remember
to hit the bell down below to turn on my
notifications so you can get to the
videos early because you know who
doesn't want to be part of early squad
well yeah guys once again thank you also
for watching thank you all for all the
support of the moment I love all your
faces so much and as always I've been
mold you guys been awesome and I'll see
you in my next video peace out if you
enjoyed this video then remember to
subscribe and mugs is channel and don't
forget to leave a like if you have a big
penis thanks for watching
