we haven't been wanting to like say this
yeah but like I mean I guess we don't
really have much choice anymore so this
ain't going to be easy for us guys just
remember we didn't really want this we
didn't we didn't plan for this really it
just came out of nowhere and I guess we
just don't really have any other choice
we have to tell you guys obviously I
vlog every day you guys are really
important to me so hello guys and
welcome back to another video today your
boys back now today what is going down
you may be asking it's gonna be another
fun fun-filled day on the mogs Channel
I'm joined with Kara aka the camera I'm
joined with that was just me thinking I
had no there's no one here
I'm just got you just got care I mean
mums downstairs here how about we kick
off this video with a prank yeah boy
let's do it
Yogesh flip and do it let's flip and do
it swept into a gas drop alike right now
let's do this
the pranking straight back in action
once again today and boys and girls for
this prank I'm gonna do something a
little bit crazy I'm gonna say to mom
I've got a surprise / then she needs to
shut her eyes and then once her eyes a
shot I'm gonna give her some of the
prank King merge because obviously
everybody needs a bit of pranking merge
I've got my pranking merch on you should
get yours too guys join the merch gang
is the most exclusive the hottest gang
on YouTube if you're not already part of
the merch gang go get yourself some
merch morgs docto link in the
description below but right now we're
gonna go give mom a little entry into
the merch squad let's do this okay mom
is behind these doors right here I've
got the merch what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna stuff it down my bra and we're
gonna go in and we're gonna give them on
the present
guys let's do this one love so much
okay okay okay okay okay
link in the description below pull go
bro wait hold on hold on bro hold on bro
what do you think of the pranking merch
are you wanting more tea mugs you're on
team month right okay I'm gone I'm out
see if I go you're not worth my time
anymore
but right now me mom and Kara are going
off to Starbucks so your boys flippin
excited let's flip and do this bird
can I offer firstly to break for
sandwiches with no sauce that's it
that's it and then a large cool I'm
refresher
I'll have another large cool I'm
refresher I'll have a large peach green
tea lemonade and then I'll have a large
mango of black tea
that's it yeah and then I'll also have a
a large drop in cream Papageno yes
please and then I'll have one a large
mango passionfruit you know please I
haven't got money they're all for me
seriously I'm very thirsty boy I'm a
flippin thirsty boy well you're gonna
throw all the old ones as you drive oh
yeah could you do that no we're gonna
say I like my drinks but please don't
mom how much did that come to seriously
31 pound - mom the drinks are here I
will said I've met your bacon sandwich
in a Maitre D' thank you just arrived
home what are you thinking about all
these drinking got to there got one
McAra
you in there and you pre Sonia you
having fun back there Keira
which one's the nicest except myself
okay guys so we're back inside right now
we just sat down and it's time that we
obviously addressed the tile and the
phone mail and everything
now we haven't been wanting to like say
this yeah but like I mean I guess we
don't really have much choice anymore so
this ain't gonna be easy for us guys
just remember we didn't really want this
we didn't we didn't plan for this really
it just came out of nowhere and I guess
we just don't really have any other
choice we have to tell you guys
obviously I vlog every day you guys are
really important to me so basically so
you guys know carob we've been we've
known each other for a while now we met
a few months ago and it's been good but
unfortunately uh I mean I guess all good
things have to come to an end at some
point
and basically guys we just want to tell
you that care is a charism leaving we
didn't really want this pot I mean I
guess it has to happen so yeah I'll see
you like next week right yeah okay guys
she just leaving the house she's been
for like a week she's gonna go by tears
I'll see her like a week guys it's cool
my transit okay see you later bye
good seeing you carry your train leaves
in ten minutes time is running out
Carrie time is running out one zero on
this guy's time is running out Cara
you're gonna miss the game
I'm subscribe subscribe
shit uh prank Queen there's only one
king in this place so Kara's got two
minutes before the train comes
she's buy him a ticket because she lost
hers this is gonna be it's gonna be a
tight one guys is she gonna make it
Nogueira train has just arrived she's
actually gonna go now for over
do we kiss okay they'll do yeah so boys
and girls what's happening right now you
may be asking number one I'm turning on
the flippin light and number two I'm
back to having absolutely no friends
because Kyra's left me and my life is
back to being boring and yeah I don't
know what that was no but for real guys
right now I'm actually going outside yes
I'm going outside when the weather is
like this you can't see the weather
because it's dark but it's dark and cold
and rainy and freezing and I haven't
even got a tough one which I should
probably put one on because no wants to
see this belly right now guys I'm going
out to play a little bit of soccer I'm
joking I'm going out to play golf guys
no for real I'm playing football guys
with some of my friends gonna go show
them how it's done
Cristiano morgg's doesn't flip and mess
about well I mean I do i yeah i actually
mess about quite a lot but yeah I'm
still good at football joking
I'm terrible so yeah that's what's going
down right now I always do this when I
go to football I do have a 4-foot ball
shot and then an after football shot so
let's flip and do that right now so you
guys can see what happens to me when I
go outside and play football because
usually this gets a little bit messed up
so guys let's go play football
in three two one bang oh my goodness
guys that was one flippin tough game of
hockey I am seriously
bloody dying right now I feel like every
bone in my body is gonna just fall off
and just run away and I'm just gonna be
a big pile of flippin flesh okay okay yo
that was maybe a little bit far but
low-key I'm flippin dying fat log how
are you feeling you're below key and
what the hell has happened up here my
hair look at it I can't tell if it's all
sweat or rain it's probably just a
both a nice low-key like kind of
disgusting bomb sorry guys you know you
guys a team or I'm gonna tell you
everything I'm gonna tell you when I'm
sweaty when I'm hot when I'm cold with a
woman I'm feeling bad I'm feeling good
you guys a flippin special but yeah guys
who wanna do right now is go say hi to
mommy who's behind this door and
probably just heard me vlogging so yeah
I mean I need to go ask her a few
questions real quick love ever mom
interview because obviously careless
went earlier so all I just you know see
how she's feeling biorhythms job she's
go and see if she's good bro
TV shows on that's disgusting
don't push the camera mom I know you
like eating sweet you don't have to
shove them on the lens I just wanted to
come and do a little interview with you
no what do you mean no no mom I know
you've been angry and a bit annoyed
because you know you made a friend and
you know she's gone now and now you just
sit with mine what was your favorite
part of it was your favorite part of the
weekend especially very close what
swapping clothes well she didn't know
you didn't do no kit
your clothes are all extra-large stop
lying Carol let me wear white trousers
top Martin did I got no eyebrows no she
didn't so as you enjoy it then yeah I
mean you look a little bit raw why do
you look so rough mom cuz it's Sunday
night I'm just chilling I look real
focus I'm tired you're not being looking
after you and you've probably been
looking after all no I haven't been
doing anything you know what low-key
guys today was the first day I had some
of mom's cooking since Kara came over
because every night we went out for food
or ordered food and well I'm not gonna
lie it was like eating sewage that tea
was bloody horrible Martin yeah because
your minds you see are terrible cook in
my mum one last question
wash your pinion on Team org slash
pranking merch okay fake your point that
came from my awful foot away from you
just not yours mine you've taken mine
off pranking guys link in the
description mom's are pranking mums on
tea mugs guys get your met GC firstly
thermos yo
so guys you know when you get back from
maybe like a walk outside or just like a
long day's work you're feeling hot
you're feeling sweaty but at the same
time you feeling tired and achy and lazy
and you're like mmm
should I get a shower I don't know
you guys but I just felt like that
dinner guys shower Helena boy that's way
too much work I just went and got a
flippin bath by a I mean don't
disrespect the bath Co but I'm flippin
lit like I don't care what anyone says
your boy loves a good bath morgs loves a
good bath look looky what I get my own
house I want to get like a bath the size
of this room like imagine just a bath
the size of this room magically I mean
that's basically just a swimming pool
boom that would be cool though but yeah
guys today has been a pretty weird day
like I mean I'm low-key kind of dying
right now I'm tired I'm achy I feel a
bit sick my legs feel like they're gonna
flippin fall off and I'm probably just
gonna go to sleep I know so flippin
interesting but wait wait wait before
you flippin go I need to tell you
something now number one guys already
this month is currently the fifth right
now in five days this month we have sold
over 300 different items of merch buys a
new record for me that's the best a
merch launch has ever done before you
guys are absolutely loving it the merch
gang is stronger than ever
as I said the latest gang in all of the
flippin world if you haven't already
joined the merch gang remember to go
down there to the link in the
description J self some mugs merch
www.mooji.org
yo there get your merch Wiggles and also
guys I have a question for you now see
this Kira came a few days ago me mum
would just kind of coexisting we weren't
exactly being friends but when has
likely been like enemies now I need your
advice
do I let mum off do we go back to being
friends or do I hit her back with some
more pranks and we keep the war going
guys leave a like down below if you want
the prank war to continue and also
comment down below what pranks you want
me to do on mom because I feel like
maybe she deserves some more from the
prank King and finally guys if you've
enjoyed the video remember to go down
there and smash a big thumbs up it would
mean a lot to me and also guys I'm told
you
about this in ages but I do have loads
of other social medias as well as
YouTube
I've got snapchat Instagram and Twitter
yeah three others I'm always doing loads
of fun stuff on those loads of Giveaways
loads of different exclusive things
loads of behind-the-scenes stuff so yeah
the links to all three those are down in
the description below twitter is at morg
Hudson Instagram is more YT and snapchat
is morgs Hudson guys but thank you all
so much for watching and as always I've
been more you guys been awesome and I'll
see you in my next video
please out if you enjoyed this video
then remember to subscribe to mugsy's
channel and don't forget to leave a like
if you have a big penis thanks for
watching peace out
