okay this is going to be a tricky
question which video has the most views
the first ever video I did with mom or
the first ever video I did with Kara
both you get an answer for if you can
say which one you think so
ladies and gentlemen team orgs and team
one today we're gonna be finding out the
truth the most asked question of all
time who knows more about me is it Kara
or is it Jim this is gonna be one hell
of a video okay so boys and girls today
I am joined with my mother
yup guys I'm also joined with me who are
you I'm I think I wonder is Kara by now
yeah and today we're gonna be doing a
video which could potentially end up
pretty pretty violent it depends how
fierce the competition is between one
and of course Kara because today I'm
gonna be asking them questions about me
and we're gonna be seeing which one of
them knows more about me is it mom
you've been with me all of my
twelve-year-old life or is it Kara I've
known for like a week now guys what we
need to do is comment down below right
now who you think is gonna win this are
you on Team Bowl or are you on Team Kara
and also guys remember to subscribe to
my channel if you're new weirdly enough
everybody has channels you're probably
thinking why does this old lady have a
channel because you know these two seem
like they should have channels to
attractive young specimens and then
you've got mama Tara mom yeah how many
wives should be smushed on this video at
least four yes just four thousand yeah
yeah wait for real four thousand doesn't
seem like enough to me I say we aim for
boys and girls guys the highest go I've
sat in like a year how we do it move
how we doing Kyra guys young team Oakes
everybody go down that prove them wrong
then negative nancies I believe in team
bugs everybody go down that smash not
like bud let's flip and get 4000 likes
so the way this challenge is gonna work
I didn't really agree to this but I'm
gonna shout outs out a question and then
these two are gonna try and answer it
the way you register then you've got the
answer to the question is by with yeah
it okay so question number one I both
ready to hit me what my famous yeah
pranking yo guys pranking about the
prank Queen everyone knows that mom's
won the world moving on to question
number two what is my favorite salmon
drink
yo is won won the competition
intensifies my face is I decide to which
probably not yeah yeah what was the
first Bev merge I have a released milks
no isn't it woman M hate on it
no to both give up hey mojo Kevin take a
little guys link in the description
below go get your merch it's the fuckin
house match on YouTube know what
Pharrell guys the first bitmerge i ever
released okay
wasn't even on moral code and another
website before and I sold merch it was
filled around Diet Coke so if anybody
watching this if anybody watches this
remembers the diet coke merch you are
flipping oh jeez guys will nice that's
not the point to either yeah that means
I get hit before you pack a blue she got
it
blue flipping blue team Oh coming on top
yellow team cares fall in a pot hand two
one two team mum the elderlies are all
are pushing through this guys should be
fine me one to question five if you
haven't already remember to click the
little bell below the video right here
to turn on notifications for the channel
a pilot you choose been messing up
lately YouTube in telling me turn on
notifications for the channel so you can
get to the video early and yeah unless
we want to question five
that's for five whole nine they feel
free be either 1200 six-foot pretty and
I do look 12 you get your high and you
look Soph you mom I don't get a high
over looks okay question number nine oh
it's not actually nine is question
number six I just said dive because you
know I'm funny how me Brandon's have I
girls she's quick know every like one
your mum one Kyra I took one for kit
Taylor she's one for you yeah that means
question number seven
how many toes do I have dude we can
prove it go get the scissors we can cut
them they're independent toes it's just
a little bit skin they're independent
really we could do that we could just
put some sellotape round I think mom
gets the point for y'all next question
okay ladies and gentlemen before I move
on to question a remember if you haven't
already hit that subscribe button smash
that like button and also as I said that
for Destruction question hey who's the
best district on YouTube
no cuz she say no no but she said in it
mom can you say the other your nud what
the point do you wanna push I'll take
you no I can't do it
well done Saddam was modes with his
molds mom discharged the end of molds
mom okay ladies and gentlemen question
nine right now
two questions left boys and girls this
is where it all gets tense
the scores are racking up not many
questions left
he's pretty is pretty I know Karen
really big yawn
how many followers do I have on
Instagram or geology geology geology on
it to the nearest 10,000 what's your
guess
he says 407 8,000 yeah watching God
bless how much just a bit less how much
280,000 kara says 470,000 it to the
nearest 10 that means it can be 418 down
to 406 is how it works for me or just
anything yeah anything this I don't you
my instagram has 476 camera gets the
point
okay boys and girls the final question
this is where it all gets pretty serious
um bread takes cares quick
it's just quake with a hand okay this is
gonna be a tricky question which video
has the most views
first ever video I did with mom or the
first ever video I did with Kara both of
you get an answer
Bertie can say which one you think Kara
okay I've got to check this I've got a
time that's a very good question okay so
the first video they carried it on my
channel got four hundred and forty
thousand views the first one she
appeared in and the first video I did
with mom comes 611 thousand meeting Kara
gets the point for that round but she
got me less views so it's probably not
good okay boys and girls that is the end
of this video comment down below who you
thought one this or just you did win
this because we kinda lost count of the
score because you know we're really
professional youtubers I mean I'm
professional youtuber so comment down
below who warned wasn't mom or was it
Kara also remember to smash that like
button down below I don't know if we can
get boy puzzle lights for real like dice
a huge target I don't think I've ever
actually set a target that big for like
months so everybody go smash that like
button let's show the power of tea box
also if you're new to the channel
remember to hit the subscribe button
down below and also check out these two
channels especially mom's channel cuz
it's written I'm Joe can you tell us
terrible cures of that check out Kara's
channel it's bad the moms also guys
remember go down in description and get
some prank King merch it's obviously
better than the prank queen merch let's
just push you off prime King merch is
obviously here is taking over the
channel
I've been walks you guys have been
awesome find my match and peace guys
remember if you're new smash that
subscribe button smash that like button
leave a comment down below who you
thought one and one more thing I just
want to say a quick thank you for
everybody because my first ever meet and
greet the jump in event is now sold out
literally sold out after like three days
it still goes in mine like 500 of you
sold out in like a few days which is
mental so thank you all for that I
cannot wait to see you all it's gonna be
really really cool and as always I've
been moles you guys been awesome and
I'll see you in my next video booth if
you enjoyed the video then remember to
subscribe to mugsy's channel and don't
forget to leave a like if you have a big
penis thanks for watching these are
boots
