yong-seok earrings just got in the house
as you can see she's pretty flippin
excited not because she's in the house
carat there's one reason why I'm excited
why is that eggs your destiny right here
I interested in the long distance
relationship oh my god yo yo yo where is
she where we shop are you doing what are
you doing in my room
mum I just wanted to come in and say how
come you're not wearing your merch like
I'm wearing mine guys I'm wearing my
pranking merch link is down there in the
description as always mum how come
you're not wearing your merch what Mitch
I haven't got any merch you burnt it all
last night on the fire i but i've got
toward more merch I don't have any going
out of my room you're not allowed in my
room go go go we don't I've merch in
this room we do our pranking merch in
this room bye bye bye bye prank King
merch link in the description hello team
mold and welcome back to another video I
am in a good flippin mood today why am I
in a good mood today you may be asking
number one because I just got out of the
bath can you tell you can probably tell
I'm number two because I lo he have like
an insane day plan for you guys you're
in for a treat today and the main thing
that's happening in this video is terror
is coming up here which means Loki guys
the way is finally over that will
finally be a female in this room
however talking about mom you guys are
probably wondering why the hell did mom
agree to this and she hasn't guys so I'm
gonna keep that quiet until later on
when she actually gets here so mum
literally has no choice it's genius now
guys if you're new to the channel and
you've never seen my face on your screen
before my name is mold you guys a team
moms and currently if you're a little
bit confused me mom a head-to-head in an
intense prank war and we're also having
our own merchandise competition where
we're challenging each other to see who
can sell more merch now mum stole my
merch so yesterday I burned her merch
it's getting pretty intense now mum was
ahead on the merch sales
petition for a little while but after
the prank yesterday tea balls have
pulled it back to neck-and-neck it's all
even guys so remember to go down to the
description below get your prank King
merch less or team together to show P
more but team mugs are the strongest
army and we're the true prank kings no
guys I have some really good news for
you like listen up this is some insane
news now literally all year you guys
have been asking me
morgues how come you've never done your
own meet and greet and to be honest guys
I've been thinking the same thing me and
Greece are so cool whenever I see you
guys out on the streets or an event it's
the best thing ever I get to meet you
guys take pictures we get to talk we get
to chill it's always so much fun so I
decided I think it's finally time that
we do the first ever morgues
meet-and-greet now I see a lawyer
YouTube is doing meet-and-greet where
they get their fans to pay loads and
money - just like queue up and then meet
them but I thought how can I do this
without scamming you guys so that you
get to meet me and have fun in the
process
and I thought why do I combine a fun
event with a me angry and there was the
birth of junk Inc X mugs now jump Inc is
a crazy trampoline park in Sheffield
which is my home city and me and jumping
are teaming up on November the 18th to
bring you guys the jump Inc X morgg's
event now you guys are gonna get to meet
me and get a jump on the trampoline park
there's gonna be the merge sold there
it's gonna be so much fun now I have
announced this already on my snapchat
Instagram and Twitter so the tickets are
already selling out really quickly so if
you want a ticket guys you're gonna have
to be super quick the link is down there
in the description remember to go get
your tickets I just want to see as many
as tea mugs there as I possibly can
because I always love meeting you guys
and it'll be dope to see loads of you
there the link is in the description for
more details now guys the next part of
this video could be very possibly
traumatizing and I don't mean to like
startle you guys well the next part of
this video could possibly ruin my life
for the next like month as you guys have
been known
the blonde has been starting to fade
away gradually and gradually but guys
the thing is I think this could be the
last hair call where the blonde finally
goes now what I want you guys to do is
drop a like on the video right now if
you think the blonde should stay and if
you think the blonde should go comment
in the comment section down below
the blonde should go and also feel free
to hit that subscribe button if you
haven't already
hey the thing is guys I kind of just
realized something
now I could get a taxi to go get my hair
court however seeing as Kara is coming
later a mom still doesn't know I feel
like I should maybe try and you know
like be civil with mom so I'm gonna try
and go like this civil with her now a
little bit let's see how this goes mom
okay don't think I'm saying this because
I want to make up with you
the prank war is still going on and it
won't stop because I need to prove that
I am the king however mom I think maybe
for the rest of today we should be civil
why why should we be civil Morgan after
what you've done you've burned all my
merch I've got to wear this now what why
would I want to be civil to you just go
away I don't even I want to get my hair
cut
alright so that's the reason you wants
us to be civil yeah yeah okay well no
Morgan no I don't see why I'm gonna
minute how much you having cut off oh
yeah we know that those cheese strings
yeah probably what well in that case yes
I shall take it to get your hair cut but
only because we're gonna get rid of that
then out of your hair so you won't look
as stupid and embarrassing when you're
out with me if you play that district
Morgan then I'm taking you home
and I mean tomorrow
we're just literally pulling in to the
hairdresser's and mom she's just
ignoring me how's your day going
you're beautiful mom well guys I guess
I'm gonna go get my hair cut right now
in three two one bang oh my gosh guys
you've got mini cheese strings now guys
I'm calling you all right now why need
you do is drop a like on this video if
you think it looks bad now or if you
throw a little bad before tell me in the
comments guys I'm kind of feeling it you
know it's nice to get a bear weight off
my head
so there it doesn't feel like I'm
lugging around massive chunks of bloody
blonde on my head that made no sense but
we've got home right now so yeah I'm
happy about that
Kiera you said Kiera scum
you said Karis cook come in well come in
we're here no I don't know about you
ain't Cara's comment I said Cara's cool
yeah Kiera is cool yeah change mm-hmm
dies that was a close one
Molly's just gone to the shop right now
Kiera is literally sat on the train
right now her train arrives in one hour
one hour so guys I think what I'm gonna
do is get a taxi to the station to meet
her and then get a taxi back home here
and just show up on the front door with
Kiera
and obviously that'll be their first
time me in and we see how they react but
like I don't know what I'm gonna do I
think what I'm gonna do guys is do it
like a little bit of a prank I'm gonna
try and kick mom out of her own house
because Kira's coming I'm gonna say how
the pranks have been going too far so I
replaced you and then I'm gonna just
turn up with Cara and see if I can
somehow managed to force mom out of her
own house this could be the best prank
yeah by a mile
and I literally can't wait oh my god
it's gonna be so flippin good okay so
Cara has just arrived in Chesterfield
for the first time ever how are you
finding it so far as you can say is
terrible my viewers are from right
around here so they probably won't get
ready there's nothing special if you
like trees you might be happy yeah I
don't care about you oh okay guys I
didn't actually tell you mom is
literally out right now so we're gonna
go back and then she can see the house
everything for the first time and I
think mommy's literally staying so
obviously she sent at mines house
tonight but she like never does that so
I think your head off the radar
you like sneaking in this could go wrong
yo so Karen's just got in the house as
you can see she's pretty flippin excited
not because she's in the house carrot
there's one reason why you're excited
why is that tell them about your
long-distance relationship with poor
girl we face criminal law and its really
good but it's also really sad because
it's long distance I never get to hold
him in my arms and I really want to do
that so I'm gonna do it today and I'm
really excited can you hurry up these
carrot pull go is upstairs right now
go whoa Jesus no no let's go let's go
let's go are you ready you ready you
ready how you liking my house so far is
it yours no way yeah Wow you like it
oh no okay this is Kara's first time
seeing my weird house stairs design so
look we got mini staircase here wait
what you've just gone up the stairs so
yeah where's the rooms you gotta go
Carrie you gotta go up another sense
there's your pool go with is in that
door right there
oh no she's seen the photo she's seen
that iconic family always that yeah yep
so thanks for that is your destiny right
here in the end of the long-distance
relationship oh my god
oh so just look for your legs
bye so cute you like him Jonah pick him
off oh the end of the long-distance
relationship
oh no he's oh the affection but oh no I
think he likes you more than he likes me
already you enjoyed yourself
oh no one can please perfect care like
okay your cure is going on an adventure
up another flight of stairs in the
Malthouse
oh my god Jonna see the lounge
it's really good look this is turtle in
there this is where the pranking up is
of course give me a second give me a
second Kira there's one condition of
being in the morgues house you got away
the pranking oh yo boys and girls quick
change of clothes obviously in the prank
King merch link in the description but
Kara is obviously loving a bit of poking
out are you ready to see the main room
the room where the magic goes down I
mean you can say that one more flight of
stairs later which room she's gonna go
for first that's a real question yeah
here we go the big reveal oh that's why
you'll sleep in ah yeah obviously
because I've only got one bed in yeah of
course you can stay in oh yeah
nobody's such a horrible horrible thing
no yeah
girls it goes I like guys well it goes
oh okay are you ready Kara the room is
right there okay taking dope with me yo
check this care I mean it's just a weird
coincidence place tidy I mean I
definitely didn't idea or anything for
like the first time I'm alive definitely
didn't I don't care
I don't care what you think definitely
them tie the only thing oh yeah look
you've got a seating option you've got
the bed
you've got the sofa you've got that
chair you've got that chair and you've
got the beanbag okay okay guys so we're
just getting ready right now or should I
say we've got ready what are you wearing
killer only it was like an outfit tall
and this is but you can't go in
obviously I've gone with the morgues
merch it may not look like much but this
is an unseen design no in all
seriousness guys like I might just come
upon the morgue merge like Loki I think
it looks better than this so yeah I
think I might have to put it on guys
link in the description of course it's
selling super quick go get your scare
why's your mugs merch okay wait let's
change that three two one bang hey there
you go kara pranking merch where can you
get it from vodka yeah link in the
description description what your mom's
cars outside not joking I thought she
wasn't coming back today
no seriously no seriously look seriously
no I'm not joking I'm not joking I'm
joking
guys we puns out she wouldn't come back
today and then Kara could just go can
you see
that's am I sure that's a car it's blue
what do we do shouldn't even know you're
here no I think you're just got a mirror
I think I just got him here doesn't like
me well I mean I think should have every
right to I mean you don't even know your
hair Oh God look she's coming in right
now
should I like sneak you out or just go
here no okay I guess this is going down
she's already down no please I will mom
okay oh hi oh yeah here yeah yeah yeah
nice to meet ya yeah well Morgan did
walk
oh you told me to come we didn't we just
did she just turned up just totally sure
that you just I know what serious she
led to this turned Oh like like like two
hours ago
really no she's just been following me
around all day you tell her you told me
to come I didn't mom don't believe it ya
know to say yes you just turned up I
mean sleepiness two hours I mean yeah
yeah Oh what she wants the drinking out
of the ground a dream he's stayin for
you no okay
does she want your hair care it's just
you wanna know she here if you're not
left don't laughs no just make that case
yeah well maybe she could just like come
for a bit
is this what this is about if you just
got someone's coming live with us it was
left down maybe the onus I even pay rent
a Kenya this is a big this is kind of
getting up a bit get confused now so
young carries just turned oh yeah she's
she's left oh yeah she's gonna live here
and pay rent
yeah I've only got two bedrooms oh no
we're gonna do camera in the garage the
studio the studio yeah can you live in
the studio can't live in the garage is
it is that me no you're not because
everything's alright that was just a
prank
oh okay
okay so oh nice kids coming to stay yeah
that's nice
well um carry anything to say about that
yeah I mean I mean low-key it probably
wasn't the best way for you to meet my
actual mother for the first time however
me maman is likely on good terms at the
moment so I don't really care what she
think I don't care what she thinks of
you but yeah guys I mean I guess that
will go down in history as the first
time Kara met my mom and I mean I guess
it was I mean she was kind of nice about
it we haven't actually told her yet that
you're you know gonna be staying for a
little while so guys if you want us to
make another video on this where Kara
basically confronts my mom because
obviously Kerry's staying here for a
while so basically just comment down
below how we can prank mom and have a
better forum with this because me and
mom are having a little bit of beef at
the moment obviously she started as
always probably just an attempt to
revive her dead Channel shots have been
fired guys remember go get your prank
King merch there's a link in the
description down below or just type in
www-what more thing guys carry you don't
know about this have you heard I'm at my
trampoline park event I'm doing this
November guys November the 18th as you
know I'm doing a trampoline park meet up
with a bunch of team orgs it's gonna
literally be the best thing ever like
I'm literally counting the days I can't
wait so remember get your tickets link
in the description they may already be
sold out I know a few of the hours are
already sold out so get them ace up if
you want to come meet me have a jump at
the trampoline park it's gonna be so
like are you coming
probably not but have a great time guys
thank you all so much for watching and
as always I've been bored you think yeah
you guys have been awesome remember to
get your merch come to the event come
meet me follow all my social medias and
as always I've been balls you guys been
awesome and I'll see you in my next
video
okay if you enjoyed the video then
remember to subscribe to mugsy's channel
and don't forget to leave a like if you
have a big penis thanks for watching
these are happy
