Oh yo yo bro we need to keep the flying
gun we need to keep the plane going
today has started terribly guys mum
tried to prank me again I woke up this
morning cable tied and duct taped to the
bed mum tried to make me admit that
prank Queen merch is better than prank
King merch and she tried to make me say
that iman abadan tea mugs now if you
haven't seen her video and you're
wondering morgs did you say it did you
say it of course I didn't boys and girls
I showed mum once again why I am the
king and why tea mugs are stronger no
more than Martin they made two mistakes
Martin let this cable-tied way to loose
so I could slip my hand from out of it
and he left the scissors on the side so
I could cut myself free I'm number two
in her video where she stole all my
merch which I'm still not happy about
look who I'm having to wear this is so
bad I want my merch back but in her
video where she stole it
she made the rookie error the stupid
mistake to show in the video where she
hid it now team morgue
you better believe that I'm gonna be
getting her back today in this video and
I'm gonna be hearing back with some
revenge ten times harder than she hit me
with mine because today I'm not gonna be
stealing mum's much I'm gonna be burning
it team orgs welcome back to another
video welcome back to another prank
before anything we need to go and
retrieve the pranking merch because it's
been way too long without it and I
cannot go on another day without my
flippin pranking merch now boys and
girls I've just gone and got the ladder
from the garage I still can't believe
mom was so stupid to show where she hid
the merch that's such a rookie mistake
let's go get it back baby I honestly
feel like I'm buddy John Cena climbing
the ladder to win the one in the bank
okay how the hell do I do this guys the
lid back on we're good now all I gotta
do is go back down put the ladder away
and no one suspects a thing
the pranking is in action once again
feel like you just did so long babies
miss you so much I'm sorry I'm sorry I
let her take you I should have been a
shouldn't have been asleep guys three
two one bang oh yes yes boys and girls
oh my goodness
yo okay guys guys everybody listen up
calm down we need to have a chat now as
you're aware mom just pranked me again
however it didn't actually go right for
her it was actually Martin ended up
screwing the prank for her and I'm not
sure if it did on purpose because he is
on team mods or if it was just an
accident is mine really a neutral or has
he finally came to his senses and joined
the prank kings on team orcs either way
guys I am so happy I finally oh my
goodness I finally got my prank King
merge bad guys I've got the hoodie I've
got the black hoodie yo I've even got
the t-shirts
I've even got the t-shirts oh my god yo
just come to Danni you may be saying
more overreacting but I'm not this is my
favorite match ever this makes me who I
am this merch means something more than
just a t-shirt or a hoodie this merch
means everything and when Mom steals
that and takes her away
for me it breaks my heart and I got it
back because of a mistake on mum's heart
once again showing why she isn't the
queen that she say she is now guys if
you're new to the channel right now and
you don't really know what's going on
currently me and mom are involved in a
head-to-head prank war and a
head-to-head competition involving this
prank King and prank Queen merchandise
now mum challenged me she said to me she
could sell more prank we merge than I
could sell prank King because she's the
best pranker and I said hell no hell no
not only are you not the queen that you
say you are your merch is terrible who
the hell would want to buy that now two
moles will win in the competition just
like I predicted but that's when she
decided to steal steal the merch so that
she could get back ahead so team mugged
this is where I need all of you guys I
need everybody's attention team um are
ahead right now so we need to get back
into this we've got the merch back and
you're about to see the best price of
the entire prank war when I see Millie
8th mom once again in this video guys
the merch link is in the description
below or you can go to www.irs.gov for
what you believe in it's about standing
up but what's right it's about standing
up but who is the true king or queen
because the ain't room for a king or a
queen in this house there's only room
for one and I ain't going anywhere son
no guys I may be getting a little bit
ahead of myself you guys are probably
wondering what's going down in this
video in this video I'm about to
redefine the word revenge now she
thought she could steal my merch and get
away with there but on the morgues
Channel
we don't just give revenge we double the
pain we double the revenge that's why as
you know I'm gonna burn mom's merch and
I'm gonna do it in front of her eyes no
I don't know who I can trust I don't
know if I can trust Martin on this
anymore
everybody's on edge at the moment
there's a war going on now right now is
pretty damn early I just got out of
month prank so I'm not gonna hit her
back straight away I'm gonna take my
time today
I'm gonna wait until the opportune time
to go in and steal mom's merch and then
later tonight when she's tired I'm gonna
do exactly what she did to me when I
prank her while she's sleeping and see
if she likes it can I add the both prank
small of done on me in the past few days
have both been while I was asleep so
let's see if she likes it when I prank
her when she's asleep tea mugs I need
all of you to go down there and smash
that like button I need all of you to go
down there and comment what pranks I
should do next and I need all of you to
click that link in the description go
get your merch let's show Mom that we
are the strongest army of all time all
flippin time okay guys it's been a
little while mom is out right now
however someone that isn't now is Martin
I'm gonna go in and see if I can trust
him I wanna know how you be tighter
better how'd he get out that it was
actually you they let me out when you
didn't tie in off anyway mine I don't
want to hear about that I just want to
know if I can trust you for one night
only
I'll tell you something that you can cuz
your mom's being say some really bad
things
has she oh yeah yeah yeah what did she
say Oh bad both of us Terrance you don't
trust me issue not this pranking game
you never know all this merch she said
she's got the best merch logs burgees no
but at all why not a car over there my
moment I thought Cena's both pranks
momma's done on me have both been while
I was asleep I thought why don't I give
her back a taste of her own medicine and
prank a later while she's asleep bro
seeing us
she stole my merch and on the market
Channel
you probably know by now we don't just
give revenge we give revenge times two
well I want to burn her much burn I'm
gonna turn how much I want to cement my
legacy I want to show what I burn them I
want to burn
and on t-shirt Sydenham on a burn off
she wants to steal my merch if she wants
to tell me that her much is better that
she's a better pranker and we need to do
this mine I need you man I need you just
a one-time thing
just a one-time thing but I've got money
you ready what Matt we're doing this bro
okay guys how the roles have switched
one thing about mom is that she goes to
bed really really early so I'm always
awake at this time when she's asleep so
it gives me so much freedom and now that
I know that she's willing to prank me
while I'm asleep
uh-oh I've got no boundaries now so as
you can see in my hand I have a black
bag I also have a room upstairs with a
sleeping mom and presumably all the rest
of her prank we merge now here's the
thing guys I'm not gonna lie mom isn't a
deep sleeper like I am so I'm gonna have
to be extremely quiet here the reason I
don't usually do pranks on mom washes
her sleep is because she is very very
hard to prank while she's asleep we
don't even have to touch her today we're
just gonna go in we're gonna take the
merch fill the bag and then get out of
there and then we're gonna burn it and
I'm gonna wake you up halfway through
burning it so that she can watch her
Mitch being burned by the king now right
here I have a prank queen in a t-shirt
this is the pink one
now the reason I'm keeping this one
separate is because this is the one she
puts on me while she was pranking me
this morning so this is gonna be a
special one I'm saving this one till the
end I'm gonna make her watch this one
being burn team mom if you're watching
yeah let's do this
Oh a one thing I've picked up from her
channel stealth mode is on
so I think is it's all I bro
you've done this boys and girls now as
you've probably gathered we've got both
of the hoodies right now we've got her
white t-shirt here but I'm taking a lot
boys and girls and you know what that
means mine you need to take that off and
can die over this one fat one bra
sure hand over right now I've got tax
days hand it over
I'll have it both ways bro do the honors
put it in do the honors bro
it is bonfire season let's do it well
guys it's a weird feeling being able to
prank mom and not having to you know
think about if she can hear me listen
out for everything she's fast asleep
we're not even in the house I can say
whatever I want but I'm not going to
just because I'm smart unlike mom and
I'm just gonna eliminate all the chances
of for this prank going wrong right here
I have the bag of her merch right here I
have the prank queen t-shirt that she
threatened me with and in this fire bin
right here I have all the stuff leaders
to start a fire well guys here goes
nothing remember don't play with fire
kids oh come on come on baby come on
baby do it for Team mode do it for Team
org do it for the prank kings oh oh wow
I feel like I've just given birth I've
given birth to a flame ha ha ha we have
fire he don't play with fire kids please
I don't get sued I'm gonna burn the
first bits of the merch I'm gonna burn
the bag and then I'm gonna get started
on this one but that will be after I've
woken her up so she can witness the burn
guys remember drop a like right now if
you haven't already subscribe if you're
new let's do this
Oh yo-yo we need to keep the flame going
we need to keep the plane going it's
going
see mom this is why you don't mess with
team orgs this is why you don't mess
with the prank kings but it's not done
yet we are not finished yet
hey guys nothing mom mom mom hey Frank
Queen hey Frank we see this fire we've
got right here you want to know what
started that fire all your mich mum
check this you don't Martin you have
nothing yeah if you change yes say that
way the bat frankerz say it mom
say it mum say it mom say it oh oh jeez
I missed you it's on fire on fire yeah
no yes I'm no how is put it in is burnt
a
I knew - you thought you could steal
from me you thought I could steal my
merch and get away with it Martin is
this is a joke
he's not putting my merch on my white
t-shirt with the pink rights in a well
everything why Martin that's it now I am
very very annoyed about this
I am absolutely furious with the both of
you I don't want anything to do with you
anymore and I don't anything to do with
you anymore my team is better okay I'll
just order more I knew you were on this
side I knew you're no neutral you are
not neutral you've destroyed that I hate
his stuff that's all I've done whenever
he wants to weaken get his things bad
things but let me give you a lesson on
pranking real quick Gina I'm the king
and you're the queen let me give you a
lesson on pranking if you're gonna hide
something from someone don't show in a
YouTube video where you hide it well
guys you know what I'm ashamed of the
pair of you I don't want anything to do
with you but you know what Morgan I'll
get you back I will don't mind if she's
gonna lock us out we've got a bonfire
bro
oh okay then guys another successful
prank 14 morgues not even a new occasion
I'm sure the guys are used to it by now
because we are the prank kings I'm the
prank King a mom calls herself a queen
everyone know she's just salty because
I'm the prank King haha guys remember if
you haven't already go down there to the
link in the description and get yourself
some of this hot fresh new pranking
merch it ain't just a t-shirt it ain't
just a hoodie it's got more of a meaning
it's about standing up for what's right
and it's about you know taking down the
Queen and exposing her guys if you're
new here and you haven't
remember to go down there and smash that
subscribe and to join team morgues and
also remember to click a like on this
video if you haven't already let's try
and smash 20,000 likes guys I know you
can do it you shout out to all of team
moulds for all the support a moment I'm
really enjoying it I'm loving I'm loving
at the moment because you know I'm
getting to prank mom I'm getting to rep
that pranking merch and understand
having a good time because I don't lose
its mom the always losers guys thank
y'all so much for watching
Thank You team morgue thank you to all
the prank kings watching this right now
and as always ugly more you guys been
awesome and I'll see you in my next
video peace out if you enjoyed the video
then remember to subscribe to mugsy's
channel and don't forget to leave a like
if you have a big penis thanks for
watching
