no he's doing it he's doing it you stole
my merch I didn't steal it clear out and
out of the house and it was part of the
rubbish the Mormon I think when you're
my chance to kind of calm down and think
about this you realize that we've done
you a favor
good gone Morgan you're obviously in
some sort of shock for some reason going
back for this well yeah I get you back
for this
oh yeah okay we'll see so tea mugs this
morning a crime happened right here in
this very house worse than anything's
ever happened to me in my entire life my
brand-new pranking merchandise was
stolen by mom and this this is what I've
been left with now I can't even begin to
explain to you guys what emotions are
traveling through my body right now I
can't even begin to explain how annoyed
I am I feel like my heart has just been
stolen
the brand new merch gone taken away from
me I don't know what the hell I'm gonna
do now basically what happened is
earlier today this morning mum recorded
a video where she basically said that
the reason she stole my merchandise was
because mine was selling better than
hers and she was losing the competition
not only is she salty VAM richer at 16
she's now salty the embarrass selling
merch at 16 she told face the truth she
can't face the facts that team bought a
bear than Teen Mom so she had to Chi
look at my body look at my body I'm
wearing a dressing gown
I don't have anything else to wear she
took the only thing that I wanted to
wear now keyboards I know what
thinking mortgage you gotta get a bike
and don't you worry that's exactly what
I'm gonna do but this more she deserves
more she deserves more punishment for
this this is too far she knew that she
was losing the competition she knew
people were worse than team bulge she
knew the team odds were the real kings
so she had to break the boundaries and
treat now I have one thing to say to
team monks number one the revenge um
they're together in this video will
surpass any revenge that I have ever
gotten before and number two this is a
time where team loss could crumble boy
instead I say no don't let her get our
heads guys the reason she took it was to
try and boost her sales and killed my
sales on the merge so she could win the
competition but I take to that is hell
no keep getting up Murch
keep annihilating team mob keeping the
strongest army ever and I know we can
pull this back and today I'm gonna prove
it I'm gonna prove once again why I am
the prank King and she calls herself a
queen she's no Queen there's only one
spot in this house for a king or queen
and I know the eye and the real King and
she is just a peasant I need to calm
down for a second but if you're not
already subscribed remember to go around
and subscribe it's becoming a bit deep
right now it's becoming a choice team
bogs or people remember join the
strongest armies join the army that
fights for what we believe in join an
army who doesn't take shortcuts this
isn't cheating the way to success join
team balls right now smash that
subscribe button and let's try and a
playwright mod in as many ways as
possible because let's try and smash
twenty five thousand likes on this video
I just want to smash that goal to show
her that not only with his strongest
been selling merch the strongest against
subscribers the strongest of pranking
we're also the strongest and getting
them likes so let's all just team up and
just obliterate more for the fraud and
the cheat that she is now the prank for
this video guys it's gonna be a good one
you probably wondering who's me
the camera right now miles behind the
camera right now who let me out I'm not
happy with because he was involved in
the prank that mom did on me earlier he
said I know that was a bit too far so
I'm willing to help you on a prank on
mom so I said okay I know exactly what
we should do this Tuesday is Halloween
which means the clown's are back in
trend you guys may remember the killer
clowns from last year and I'm sure mom
does too that's why today I'm gonna
prank her with a clown now mom's
upstairs right now I'm gonna go up to
her I'm gonna play the bait I'm gonna
play the victim and I'm gonna say since
you pranked me earlier could you take me
on a trip to Starbucks because that is
my favorite place to go and she knows
that oh this isn't a normal trip to
Starbucks no no no this is going to be a
different trip because what I'm gonna do
is I'm gonna dress Martin up as a killer
cloud I'm gonna let him go and get in
the car and hide on the backseat and
then as mom gets out of the car
Martin is gonna come from the back seat
into the front seat and he is gonna
drive off and I'm gonna pretend like a
clown who's just kidnapped me and stole
a mom's car in the process guys this
could be the craziest prank I've ever
done
but I need to hit back with a bang I
know there'll be plenty of you
questioning is mode really the prank
King after I've just been humiliated by
mom on her Channel
but what happens when you get humiliated
and pranked you pranked back and
humiliate them even more guys this could
be the best one yeah and all I'm asking
for you guys is to sit back and enjoy it
because it is well and truly going down
the fall of mom
okay so boys and girls I've just got
dressed I've calmed down a little bit
since the last clip but everything is
getting more everything's getting more
into into plan right now guys Martin has
the clown shoe on and I'm gonna show it
you in three two one bang Oh
Oh bro what's going on here but we've
gotta like sit in there like you know
it's not real burn you actually been oh
no we're good
I I'm not sure about the hair I think
maybe we should like just like in about
my leave my ear alone Oh at least you've
actually got hammer
mum's upstairs right now and basically
what we're gonna do we're gonna get mine
in the car right now
and then I'm gonna go up get mum
convince her to come to Starbucks and
then we can get this prank started but
guys this is gonna be a good one let's
start by getting mine in the car okay
then well yo I gotta say you're looking
about 25 times scarier with the light
like that do a little dance do a dance
bro so I believe it is that Oh
yep sorry mom this is going down and you
can do nothing about it so bro can you
lay down and be outside there that is
the question you're gonna have to really
get low no this is gonna be tricky
this is gonna be tricky this is gonna be
tricky y'all can't do it oh my god no no
he isn't your last chord yeah I think
that's good bro I don't think she'll see
breaking out guys this is going down
let's go get mom you need to stay hidden
bro I'll be back soon okay boys and
girls stage free of this prank right now
is go and get mom and convince her to
come to Starbucks with me so guys let's
flip and do this right now ya know since
earlier obviously with what happened
with you obviously still my merch and
everything I'm sort of happy about it by
the way but is there any chance you
could come get me a Starbucks come with
me to make up to know that I've got to
go get some money anyway from the bank
okay
so mum is coming down right now I'm
gonna tell that I'm vlogging the usual
excuse because it's just such a good one
like I've vlog every day so like she
never suspects a thing especially since
she pranked me earlier guys
earlier Seamus is bait this quick of a
reply yo so it's a bit dark right now
but mom are you excited for your trip do
you actually want anything from
Starbucks before anything more but don't
think you're gonna get away with this
without me confronting you about the
prank you did it was too far oh don't be
silly Morgan I'm huge that's my moves
would you even help me out how do you
possibly help me out cuz I've got rid of
it and now you can just use mine mine's
better I'll leave the keys in our I just
stir hey darling don't touch anything
yeah let me get my card out Francisco
yo yo yo yo yo yo do it now do it now no
I'm a shower mum it's a clown I'm a
shout movies to come bro do it yo she's
running she's running she's running
she's running can you see it guys
can you see mom mom it's a cloud is a
cloud move is a cloud mom mom she's down
there yo she's down there Drive passing
them pulling next door can you see it
guys she's all the way all the way the
end down there y'all think she's no one
she'd pull in pull in more quick mom
quick boys a clown who's a clown quick
quick
oh my gosh
that was crazy yo yo she's calling it's
not her that's her mom mom mommy sick
how old is a clown mom then I'll speak
in the non-speaking help me Mommy
swooping round
he's looping around again mom get ready
to stop him I'll be looping around while
he's looping round
no don't don't you mean front don't do
before just try and make a distraction
mom please help me Cleveland play play
oh she said no she's willing yo yo yo yo
yo we pulling her down
mom mom do something do something
McDonald's you know where the nearest at
McDonald's is my own way miles away
should we go for it bro
no essentially doing let's go for it bro
yo so guys that's phase one of the prank
done right there now mine how about how
about we go to flippin McDonald's and
get some food let's do it bro
right now we're gonna go in McDonald's
and what I'm gonna do I'm gonna call mom
in a moment and tell her that she needs
to come to McDonald's that's where the
clown said we go in and see if she
actually comes in like a taxi or like
whatever guys we'll have to see if she
comes but if she does it'll be so funny
so I'm gonna call her right now guys and
see if we can make her call mom the
clowns that he's taking me to McDonald's
mom I think is Ronald McDonald mom so I
don't know but they never want they want
a chance to film mom please just be
quick please be quick mum please okay oh
he's hanging up the phone mom
oh no I am whore Joe so we've just
arrived at McDonald's mine's just
putting the master back on obviously
driving without the mass because we've
got to be safe might haven't waitresses
a good responsibility for the kids and
the youth of the UK we're gonna go into
McDonald's right now and bro we're gonna
actually dislike two videos in one this
scene the reaction the McDonald's staffs
reaction to the prank to the clown but
oh you're excited yeah
anyway mr. clown do you want anything
from McDonald's is the real question
talented they attempted mr. clown mr.
clown does love is McDonald's
well my love's is McDonald's I don't
know if mr. clown loves his McDonald I
think I'm gonna go with a diet coke moe
and maybe some nukes bro maybe some
milks why are you going for some milk
maybe see you gonna you gonna go some
milks oh you gonna get are you gonna get
banana milkshake JC believe it bro we're
going to the first window you ready to
make some new friends
oh yeah oh yes here we go bro I wanna
have him do the club with a body some
money bro let me go bro
go nuts oh damn watch your rank is out
for a turn Hey oh that was not racing I
don't think he cares bro don't keep you
staring at man mr. clown is just not
scaring anyone today yo so guys we got
the food just leaving right now how do
you think that well me tell me yo she
came Joe she's actually here oh my god
oh my god oh my god oh my god yo
no she's slowing down
oh my god I'm ashamed of you
shamed terrified
for my driving my car anyway
you stole my car I'll be running the
streets looking for you I've been
terrified looking for ya
yes Teresa grundles I might even coming
out with YouTube tonight I'm going to
there out well the my my my one of them
tea mugs just for today well guys that's
the end of another successful prank by
the pro now that we've completed the
prank I want you guys to go on watch the
one mum did on me just so you can see
the levels of the two of us before you
make a decision of who's Murchie by but
see that's the thing I want you guys to
be buys the best merge the merge by the
person who actually is the king or queen
so if you're gonna buy some merch I roll
that you watch Mama's video so you can
actually see behind the banker and I'm
the true king and if you've watched
mom's video I hope you're watching this
right now so you can realize me moving
on to different levels
I'm the I'm where I'm out of the league
the prank I just did you quite skill
required intelligence required acting
from me to stay in position it required
though I required everything what did
mums require it required me being asleep
and her cheatin guys the merchants out
right now at the moment we're fairly
even after mom did that prank on me
earlier she pulled it back a bit but tea
mugs this is our chance to break back
ahead another successful prank on mama
dog the link to the merch is in the
description below or you can just type
in www.flashmavi.com for you doing W dot
molds doc cow that's all the Lincoln's I
don't know why I keep saying it wrong
remember guys to also smash that
subscribe button if you're new leave a
like on the video if you've enjoyed and
comment down below what prank I should
do next
I love you all so much the prank kings
and you know if you're a queen you're
still welcome on this channel because
you know I understand why you won't want
to be on mom's channel I mean she can't
prank the save a life guys thank
yourself for watching and as always I've
involved you guys been awesome and I'll
see you in my next video
breathe out if you enjoyed the video
then remember to subscribe to mugsy's
channel and don't forget to leave a like
if you have a big penis thanks for
watching please
