I don't think that this movie find a
boost that Helen guys are welcome back
to another video today we're in an
unfamiliar environment you oh geez of
the channel will recognize this place
today we are here with the man himself
the Philip Schofield look-alike it is
and today dad what are we gonna be
bringing them well we've tuned it with a
ride and we're gonna be doing a crazy
challenge mm-hmm very true so the way
this challenge is gonna work me and I
are gonna go head-to-head with this
beyblade burst in from beyblade battles
and done do you know about the 4-foot
well you brought with you some
interesting items are you excited for
the fourth it boys and girls
over here we have the food station under
blender do you guys see where this is
going
we've got vinegar we've got popcorn
we've got ham
we've got mint sauce granola jam so guys
you may remember the beyblade video I
did with mom where we went head-to-head
basically we're gonna be doing something
similar to bar me and that we're gonna
do five a blade battles and whoever
loses each individual battle has to pick
out of the Hat one of those items I just
showed you and then when we've got all
five items whoever lost the most battles
out of five has to blend together all
the items and drink them in a flippin
smoothie we could have a mint sauce and
vinegar and jam and ham smoothie one of
us is gonna have to drink that dad drink
you will we better hope you've got
skills when it comes to beyblade guys
let's do this
so guys let me tell you a little bit
more about beyblade and I feel like I
need to tell Dad I'll get more by
beyblade - I feel like I'm a little bit
like an expert like a master obviously I
wore my previous battles with Norma so
I'm taking on a new stronger competitor
in Dad's so these are all
this is the beyblade burst a war
beyblade is basically it's loads of
different customizable spinners and you
use these spinners to battle your
friends in the beyblade arena
that's absolutely loads of different
customization options for these beyblade
spinners there's different arenas
there's even an app you can play on your
phone like seriously let me show you
this up I'm playing all the time I've
literally got out of my phone right now
I'll explain it earlier so this is the
beyblade app where you can literally
battle beyblades on your phone it's
literally simple but we've got the
real-life things so me and dad are gonna
settle this in the real-life arena so
guys these are the beyblade spinners and
they're basically made up of three
different parts you've got the energy
layer the performance tip and that's the
bottom that's the top I probably should
have said it like that you've got the
energy layer the core and then the
performance tip so the energy layer
basically determines how it comes in
contact with the other beyblade so this
one's got loads of flipping spikes
it's a flippin beast you've got the core
which affects the weight of the beyblade
and then the tip which affects how it
moves and there's loads of different
customization options for these
beyblades and we've got a bunch of them
here today also guys one more thing
before we get started be sure to check
out the beyblade series out on pop marks
you don't want to miss that it's also
pretty flippin cool but Dad the real
question is bro are you flippin ready
let's do it let's do a warm-up let's do
a warm-up if I win it can't do a warm-up
and I win that's not what happens if we
do a warm-up for you and it's a woman no
he's cheating okay boys and girls I
you can see God show some respect to the
arena bro
guys wholesaler we've got all the
beyblade spinners here we've got the
heart filled with all the different
ingredients on pieces of paper we've got
a possible 90 choose from about six of
us about like free and good and yeah
guys we got five different realms well
the real question is done do you want to
practice yes yes okay well I'm gonna get
up with my boy the blue spinner
you'll get your purple yo that's going
purple free to even launches beyblade
one nail one nail because he was
practice oh you can't wear this one dad
guys remember to comment down below who
you think is gonna win is it team Marx
or is it team team dad and also remember
to leave a like on the video and
subscribe if you're new but dad are you
ready for the first round are you
sticking with your purple yeah imma
stick with my blue are you ready you're
gonna try and do it properly this time
yeah that's probably a good idea okay
rather on guys are you ready 3 2 1
oh my gosh oh that's why you're the
practice round
best possible start with a pro that's
good I'm happy about that he's probably
off your bar back to be fair but yeah do
you realize your stream is still going
that's crazy
okay I'm switching up I'm done with a
blue I'm again for my boy the orange why
are you going for you stick it witness
pays off when it stays all these niggly
with a purple okay I'm ready I'm feeling
good this round I'm feeling up for it
I'm feeling excited I'm motivated I'm
but I need this win oh we've got all you
ready comet team rolls down below free
you let me and then that caused me to
buggy's you and footman explode you oh
my gosh yes guys tea mugs what one would
back in it Timor I love you guys come on
of course that's the rules I do - trust
- - no mines allow me
okay so the second thing going into this
movie into your smoothie I mean terrible
okay so done which spinner are you going
for go for this one please what you just
what you can't do bad but one that
actually destroys others you can't steal
my orange oh okay I'm bring the new one
into the game I'm going for the red the
dark
guys guys right now let's get in the
comments three two one
guys the first thing into the drink is
going to be Oh guys it's ham is not good
ham jam and there's still two more to go
okay you ready guys run a full if I win
this dad it's all over
well I mean it's not all over but you're
drinking it so are you ready are you
ready done welcome to Round five oh my
gosh oh my god
what is it that what is it what is it
what is it what it this is too good to
be true
jelly jelly Oh can't a jelly I'll take
jelly it's not a nice jelly guys I think
it's out of date okay the last round
ladies and gentlemen to know what I'm
gonna go for John they go for that I'm
gonna leave the orange I'm gonna go for
the red and gold it's red and gold
versus rent are you ready guys are you
ready team molds around five whoever
loses ladies and gentlemen let's flip in
business here we go right now two modes
are you ready three two one
I'm for the final one I'm doing it at
random I'm doing it at random it is just
when you thought this movie was alright
we get the worst so you have that with B
you don't have it it's movie okay here
we are in dance kitchen with all the
items we've got jelly which is out of
date mint sauce ham banana and jam done
what do you think could it be worse it
could have been a lot back so it could
have been you doing it because you okay
so what we start with dad we're gonna
start with a banana
I mean you can poison which you probably
want to pull the interview onyx is going
for half oh yo you know the most about
that's the flippin savage high stakes a
bitch down in the comment section below
Oh out-of-date jelly looking at warble
he loves art Oh
slobbing about I'm sorry what
that's it the ham is that having one
Naboo there's not the edge of it don't
can't wait let me get on is the jannah'
a day that's the question it very well
may be spoon somebody's come visit boom
boom
yes this job is black orange re-listen
remnants of some finance toast horrible
job that's supposed to be a good one -
bro
you're happy about that ladies and
gentlemen boss these two doing you know
we kind of see a shot of it's just all
my oh no ok ladies and gentlemen it's
time we blend this bad boy oh I don't
think that's a smoothie find a boost dot
because you're drinking that bomb there
you go there's a pop tag everyone gonna
follow his twitter it's like a tag above
your head with you I can see it oh I see
all that okay Darren big Donaldson three
two one
Oh order up the page the page if we
graph this fellow never came close to
this oh you can see all around his mouth
oh no you do want my goat when I do one
for you question do you want to do it so
what he said on camera now is no going
back
and on that no tea mugs we are on that
note emote this is been another video
remember to smash a like down below and
subscribe to the channel if you're new
thank you so much to beyblade for
sponsoring this video you guys are the
legends everyone go check the links in
the description if you want more
information on beyblade it's so much fun
honestly and you know you can play with
friends you can play with your family
you can play with everyone but team orgs
everybody thank you so much for watching
and as always I've been morgues
shout out to dad I mean he's been dad
I'll see you in my next video peace out
