yo I'm not gonna lie boys and girls I
think I made like good
flippin cloud I think I made a great
clown guys check this Oh
hello guys and welcome back to another
video
hope you all good I hope y'all having a
flippin amazing day
now team old as you all know I just got
back from a trip to London you guys have
seen the videos by stayed in a dope
apartment with loads of friends hi boys
and girls there's one thing that you
didn't see boys and girls the prank King
is back no one is safe now if you new to
the channel my name is malls and I like
to call myself the prank King because
long story short I'm just a freakin best
at pranks so obviously over that weekend
I couldn't let my friends get away with
it what about the show you is one of the
craziest pranks I've ever done I did a
clown Frank all my friends and it was a
pretty flippin good one but remember
guys if you landed already I'm quickly
giving away a brand new iPhone 8 the new
one that just came out and if you want
to be entered into winning the iPhone a
giveaway all you have to do is subscribe
to my channel down below smash that
subscribe button and also the second
thing you have to do is leave a like on
this video subscribe leave a like and if
you're even more ways you can enter to
have a bad chance of winning check the
link in the description after this video
and also guys this prank fits perfectly
as you guys know this saturday i'm
releasing the new prank King under the
new prank queen merge both of those
designs are coming out this Saturday so
this prank is dope timing if you think
you're the prank King or the prank Queen
remember to get yourself some merch of
this Saturday but let's go back in time
to London so I can show you this prank
and how it all went down
okay so boys and girls this is the clown
costume right here obviously I went with
your boy penny wise
look at that full outfit doesn't have
the shoes
it doesn't Wow it doesn't have the shoes
that's pretty disappointing but yeah
imagine waking up and seeing down in the
distance it'd be just a little bit
scared you know just a little bit look
at that we've got the mask I actually
ordered this on Amazon and bring it for
the trip I've been planning this prank
for so long and guys this getting
started right now so as I said Kara is
currently in the shower me and her woke
up a little bit earlier and the first
thing I thought was mmm should I do this
prank now obviously I woke up next to
care when I woke up she woke up so I was
like hmm I can't lead just do it like
that
so Kara's in the shower that's why I'm
like pushing a little bit so don't want
her to go out before I get in there
million Jordan are currently asleep in
the other room we're gonna prank them
after but guys I need to get changed
into your boy Pennywise so let's do it
let's transform in 3 2 1 bang yo I'm not
gonna lie boys and girls I think I made
a good flipping cloud I think I made a
great plan guys this yo it is not nice
under that mask now let me tell you that
so yeah boys and girls I've got the full
outfit it's a little bit big on me I may
be ordered a few sizes too big but yeah
I need to get a move on right now we're
gonna start with prank number one and
this is the Kara prank guys oh I'm so
flippin nervous I'm probably gonna get
punched or attacked or like beaten up
everybody's gonna hate me this is why
people don't like me guys let's initiate
the prank
remember to leave a like on the video if
you're new and smash that subscribe
button for more crazy pranks and if you
want me to do a killer clown prank on my
mom then smash that like button
but guys three two one let's do this
okay boys and girls I just came into the
bedroom listen to this
shower is still all bunny to be quick I
need to get cameras out like a spa why
can I do it
oh I don't do that here okay oh my gosh
how good is that
that is such a good shot let's do it
let's what been doing oh my gosh yeah
bye so good thanks they would go is so
hot under that mask
I am dying I'm leaving it like this
until that shower turned off they just
turned off it just turned off Oh
fighting fighting your point - I think
you can float through mana no looks like
I have to find some other friends let's
go we flippin didn't know how cool did
you see me when I was on the corner like
a little bit oh this guy you just put my
score yeah you don't like it uh-huh I'm
the prank King if you know the prank
yeah I just want to give you a balloon
okay so your boy Pennywise right
obviously I've been piling this for a
little while I brung the costume I bring
everything do you want me to take it off
or first should prank million Jordan
like team of I mean it is very very mean
but also should we do it yeah no way you
down let's go no you can you don't have
to do you can just you can like be on
the camera this with your eyes closed
the blind cameraman it's a new thing so
Jordan and Millie are asleep in the room
that's over there there's two entrances
into that room there's one through the
balcony and one through the main door if
you go through one entrance with the
camera and I go through the other one in
the clown outfit we can get a good angle
of it and we can scare the living sugar
out of Millie and Jordan are you
anything are you down you are down you
we have your confirmation that you're
down
I'm down jump away right now she's
flipping down should we do right now are
you ready oh my gosh okay guys we're
gonna do this right now
now that mask is flipping hot in there
and also also Pennywise has one eye I
only have one eye hole that is
ridiculous
I deserve to I can like see the tiniest
doubt are there but yeah she would do it
right now okay okay so here's the plan
guys Kara's gonna go round here in the
balcony and then through that door there
which is the room - Milly in Jordan's
room I'm gonna go around the main
entrance and obviously we're gonna get a
really good perspective on this guys I
cannot wait let's flip and do this right
now the prank King never stops guys
let's go and prank some people terrified
switch tape I don't want to wake them up
with everything
me-me-me better costume okay
I've been marked you guys been often by
Amazon said this outfit was supposed to
be scary Amazon said this outfit was
supposed to be the best penny wise they
had Amazon said someone else can have it
Jordan to be fair did freak out a little
Millie was not having any of it if this
clown outfit wants to not scare my
friends someone else can have it for
their stupid pranks we outfit well the
moral of story is if I want to prank
someone in the future prank Kira because
you know exactly for that exact reason
guys I mean it was kind of successful if
you just class like this it was
successful but like anything else in it
it wasn't it wasn't successful like I
should have probably bought a better
costume one that was a little bit better
than that but yeah guys I mean anyway if
you have enjoyed remember to go down
there and obliterate that like born
literally just pretend it's like pretend
it's like pretend it's my face and just
give it a big smack and then that's all
well guys that was a slightly different
prank to usual do it on someone that was
of my mum some actual other people I
want to slip in surprise that is it's
almost like I don't have any friends
maybe I don't have friends because I
always prank them Kira got the most
scared which I was not surprised about
at all the other two were kind of well I
think a little bit too asleep but I
think the room was
a little bit too light however Jordan
freaked out a bit Millie I have no clue
what what what what what happen with her
she was just like apparently Pennywise
isn't scary enough for Millie but yeah
guys huge shout out to everyone in this
video that got pranked remember guys
prank King and Brite Queen merch is
dropping this Saturday so remember to be
excited for that remember to get
yourself some this Saturday guys I
cannot wait it's the hottest merch I've
ever brung out and it's cheap you guys
are gonna love it
also remember to subscribe if you're new
and comment down below who you want me
to prank and how you think I should
write them remember to leave a like on
this video and subscribe to the channel
doing that will end you into the iPhone
8 giveaway so it's a win-win situation
and if you want extra ways to enter the
iPhone 8 giveaway as I said check the
link in the description below but guys
I've involved you guys been awesome
thank you all so much for watching this
video thank you so much for being the
best subscribers on YouTube and as
always I've been mugs you guys been
awesome and I'll see you in my next
video peace out if you enjoyed the video
then remember to subscribe to mug this
channel and don't forget to leave a like
if you have the big penis attack thanks
for watching
peace out
