I know I always make a mess in hotels
but this is next level
we've got like five minutes to clean
this they're going to barge in
absolutely kills we've been here for one
flippin hour I'm ashamed I'm actually
getting a little bit ashamed hello guys
and welcome back to another video and I
know you're probably a little bit
confused right now of why I'm not in
London now don't worry this is a London
vlog but before we get into that I need
to I need to do something and this is
important no you guys have been on the
channel for absolutely ages will know
that I used to be the like target King
I'd say higher and higher like target
every video and you guys would just
smash it every time and the truth is
guys I miss being the like target King
I miss you guys liking all the videos so
what I'm gonna do for this video I'm
gonna see if you guys have still got it
you guys are gonna have to prove it to
me
so if this video does not get 10,000
likes in the first hour yes the first
hour that I'm gonna delete this video
never to be seen again
so guys go down there and smash that
like born obliterated destroy it and
tell all your friends to like it before
the first hour is up so this video can
stay up for everyone to watch well guys
that's all for me I'm excited to see if
you guys have still got it and let's
flip and do this this video is gonna
start a little bit chaotic they rang me
up about five minutes ago told us
checkout was an hour ago and that
they're sending a security team up to a
score as out bearing in mind we're all
asleep this is gonna be a tough one to
go of all day guys it's flippin chaos
over here it's literally been 30 minutes
they haven't set the guys up yet
we are literally rushing around this
place is an absolute kit look at this
look at this look at this backward
it's mental we've got stuff absolutely
everywhere this room we try to clean it
in like 15 minutes
the girls are in here or wanna lose on
down there I'd like to check out the
bedroom guys isn't absolutely mess I
know I always make a mess in hotels but
this is next level we've got like five
minutes to clean this they're gonna
barge in absolutely kills just stop
everywhere oh this is the Menil start of
the day we're done we're done
the maids there oh damn when they rang
they said they were gonna charge a
60-pound
obviously your boy he's gonna try and
gout of it although you guys know if I'm
successful
okay just jumps across the road to
starboard and we had a call from
reception
who said Kara what did they say she left
her expensive diamond ring in the room
what a surprise we have just it got sat
down in The Breakfast Club but they said
it was nice and I've got to say it does
look pretty damn good but let me update
you guys right now it's like 2 p.m.
obviously we're here in London yeah as
you can probably tell so far today's
video is gonna be one of them where we
just get up to random stuff like we
don't have a clue what's gonna go down
but judging by the title it's probably
something pretty cool so yeah I'm gonna
eat this food in three two one plane yo
that was flippin good marvelous merch I
think they're talking about the morgues
merch of course
so million Jordan are going right now
and of course there's only one way for
Millie to give Cara Stanga goals rather
I wish Cara would be clean unfamiliar
today has been a fairly interesting day
so far we started off going to get a
Starbucks then we went out to get
breakfast at the breakfast club and now
we're back at Starbucks because you know
interesting lifestyle in London just
eating food and drinking drinks all I do
okay boys and girls
first of all let's you know like address
the obvious why is it dark
well because it's it's nighttime but so
since I last vlog it's been like a few
hours but basically just sum up what
we've done we signed Starbucks got about
six drinks and did absolutely nothing
because yeah anyway right now check this
out check this out we're in this really
nice part of London as you can tell I
really like this it's like really fancy
but look over here there's just the
bloody castle seriously it looks like
Hogwarts is there Hogwarts is that the
real Hogwarts yeah yeah it's actually so
wait wait look here I've got a question
for you right since that's the castle
and and you know a king lives in there
she knows I am the prank King you know
go and live in there is that my castle
no soon as I'm the prank King that's
like my prank castle guys seriously I
cannot wait to drop this pranking and
prank we merge this side a is so dope
under said the best merch I've done yet
I cannot wait wait wait wait wait wait
can you be that can you be the
prank queen to my prank King never us ok
boys and girls a quick recap we're not
really recap quick actual plan of what
we're going to be doing so basically
meeting Cara I've booked a hotel for
tonight and we think it's pretty dope
like I mean I'm sure you guys are very
surprised a hotel because you know
you've never seen me and her in the
hotel before definitely not all we do
but I'm hoping of getting an apartment
down here soon I'm just too lazy to do
it myself and I'm not good at that stuff
but yeah boys and girls we're gonna go
for a walk right now and then we're
gonna hopefully go out somewhere later
it's actually only like 6 it's dark but
it's like 6 so you guys are probably
like oh wow this vlogs coming to an end
because it's dark it's only just started
boys and girls get ready okay if you
didn't already have enough proof the me
and hotels we don't get along this will
cement that previous statement okay
we've been in this hotel for about an
hour we've came in we're just getting
ready we're like halfway through get
ready and I'm like Kyra have you noticed
what we've done to this hotel a door I
say that I trash the hotels but like we
have been here for an hour a flippin
hour and check out this flippin hotel
room so this is where you come in I'll
give you a catchy guitar right now but
look out for the amount of mass okay so
wait we're back of that we're looking
pretty good you see we're looking clean
looking to open we got a nice mirror
here
you've always in little show again Loki
I think this looks pretty good I don't
know I kind of like it but yeah off
topic of all flippin topic we go forward
and yeah one hour we've been here for
one hour we've been here for one
flipping our one flipping our why's this
I am ashamed I'm actually getting a
little bit ashamed but if it wasn't bad
enough one hour that is water on the
floor by the way
one one hour why haven't we haven't even
used the bath one hour one hour anyway
guys that's further proof that put marks
in a hotel give me an hour and I guess
trashed book obviously we're gonna do a
cheeky little hotel room tour so three
two one let's do this
don't undo I tried to bully in a mirror
you sure about that
swish I tried dude boy in another mirror
toilet toilet for bad light bulb
breakfast menu key spoon reflection
finally some molds match which can go
from bulk a link in the description baby
yo so guys I'm actually using the
lighting from the mirror so yo if I was
like a beauty guru right now I'd be like
I'd be like loving this lighting but
yeah guys as you can tell your boy is in
the suit again low-key I bought this
yesterday and each night I've worn it
like I am kind of like liking this I
don't if I just kind of like Sue's but
it's like I've only ever really worn
them when I was at school never really
out so like when I won I was like damn
yo this is kind of different this is
like new but yeah guys tell me what you
think I'm still not really sure care
what do you think okay what what we rock
in we're wearing these really great
floral trousers from H&M these
Louboutins certainly didn't have the red
soles and this denim jacket so what were
you and Cara and we're going outside
we're going outside
oh my god what to go outside yeah of
course you do oh you don't go outside of
our Passport
it's a new world out there okay guys so
we whatever knows most it doesn't have
enough energy like it's how I am
everyone knows Marx doesn't sleep anyway
guys we just got sat down in this nice
place seriously check this out Karen
what do you think
dang it looks great doesn't it I mean
the food looks good too
Joe so the mains have just arrived how
he's just about eating them I might hold
on
I've got to get a video of this cuz
these literally look like insane
we've got a steak we got chips look at
this oh my gosh Cara what you think yeah
yeah yeah okay so we just finished our
cute little day what would you rate it
out of turn what a - okay not great guys
if you enjoyed the video then remember
to subscribe to mugsy's channel and
don't forget to leave a like if you have
a big penis thanks for watching these
are happy
