are you excited you have any idea what
the fuck's going on no no I like
surprises and things oh my god hello
team orgs and welcome back to another
video today's video is going to be a
flip in buying a light usual if it's a
more video it's a flipping banker your
boy is fresh out of the shower look
about Martin you're jealous now today
I've got loads of plans for this video
I'm going down to London to surprise
carrot I've got literally loads of stuff
to do but you guys know it ain't a molds
video if it doesn't start with mom
getting pranked
so today ha I have boys and girls I have
two cans of silly string so close and
the way these work is I mean I think you
just push this down over the merge oh no
guys mine you may have to get some new
mods merch from mugs Cowan Lillard in
the description below so yes boys and
girls
I believe mom is in the kitchen right
now thing is with this prank you can't
really defend yourself from it you just
gotta stand there and take it
so let's flip and do this come on guys
if you knew remember to go down there
I'm fucking a blade that subscribe
button a boy or eight that like button
smash it with your pinky finger guys oh
let's do it I'm home no why Lonnie
Lonnie Lavoie it looks like I've got no
choice
mom Wow April Fool's
guys this is gonna be a great video guys
on the topic of prank King have you
heard about my new merch next Saturday
or probably this Saturday the 28th of
October right towards the end of the
month I am dropping some new merch on
Moscow and bad there's a picture of it
prank King but you may be asking your
mugs not all those are prank kings some
of us are prank queens and in that case
BAM
there's the prank reemerge coming out
also on the 28th of October and on the
topic of merch guys I just got a box
here in the mail and I'm pretty sure
it's merch now this isn't the new prank
King merch but it's still merged so I'm
opening this stuff it's probably out
right now oh yeah it's much it's merch
it split the merch boys the best
packages you can get we've got this
package and then all done we gotta have
two oh no I know exactly what is this I
know exactly what this is boys and girls
this merch right here is one of my
presents to care as you guys know I'm
going to meet her today it's her
birthday right now so I thought you know
what other presents would you rather
have other than morgues merch the finest
merch on the entire of YouTube so I got
her a hat I got some t-shirts and we're
gonna be giving that to her later on
today to show on that work why should
you mom off to suffer alone y'all Jesus
okay so I've just got ready mum and
Martin are downstairs cleaning up the
silly string and you will never guess
what I just found another can flippin
silly string ladies and gentlemen I said
the pranks are gonna get more and more
savage now that I'm the prank King the
pranks need to get more savage if I'm
gonna wear pranking merch I need to be
the real prank King so let's flip and do
this
no mom are you ready to get rid of me to
London
yes no so we're just off to the train
station right now in the range you know
what that means
roll the range cinematics
okay boys and girls the dope cinematics
are over but right now as you can tell
I'm in the car and we're going to the
train station and my trains in four
minutes and I am really flipping light
guys so I guess I'll see you in London
right but just before that a few things
number one if you're new and you haven't
already go down there and smash a
subscribe one and I'm currently doing an
iPhone 8 giveaway not seven not nine
eight the brand-new one this just came
out and if you want to know where to
enter that there'll be a link in the
description below
ok so boys and girls just on the train
now pulling into London but I realize I
never actually told you guys what I'm
doing in London really I told you guys
it's Kerry's birthday and obviously for
that I've decided to come down to London
and stay here for a little while I'm
here Saturday Sunday and then going home
one day so got some lip vlogs coming up
guys but while we've done meeting some
of our other friends we've actually
booked a really nice place I'm talking
y'all this place is gonna change the
game once you guys see this place in the
vlogs you're gonna wish I never go back
home is that good and it also happens to
be the place me and Karen met I've
stayed here before in a vlog a little
while ago and it was that night I met
care which is also you know it's pretty
moment no comments I can't say that word
so yeah guys I can't wait this trip is
gonna be absolutely dope so why am I
start talking to here when I could cut
to when this stuff's actually going down
guys last
okay so boys and girls just arrived in
the room right now I can not believe
this so if you're a proper og watching
the channel you may have seen the video
back when me and a bunch of other
youtubers had a little party it was an
awesome party in a dope apartment and I
remember showing you the apartment it
was then I actually met carer for the
first time at that party so I thought
number 1 because the apartment was
absolutely flipping dope and number 2
because you know it's pretty cool why
don't I get the exact same one why don't
we all get the same one for Kara and
everyone and literally it's the exact
same one check this out so you come in
here you've got the little space here
you've got a little door I actually
don't know what this is it's got a nine
in it and that's so that's pretty cool
hey then you've got a desk you've got
the first bedroom here which has a big
mirror it's got a double beds got a TV a
desk and then it's also got balcony one
with a really low down view this time
but I mean that's still pretty dope
balcony one right there
and this is the number one bedroom with
don't you think it's over yet with a
flippin ensuite and Matt ensuite toilet
bath I just said that was a bath oh my
lord coming through it you've got the
main room or actually let's do the
second bedroom first this is the second
bedroom you've got a single bed you've
got another single bed you've got a TV
and do you have a balcony on this it's
the same balcony but yo you have got
another door there which is pretty damn
lit you come through it back into the
main room and then over here you've got
the main toilet or the second toilet
this one I haven't actually been in yet
so there we go
this one has a bath a toilet about aka
sink and another huge mirror coming
through here you've got the main room
and oh damn I'm kind of against the
light right here but yeah you've got a
chair you've got a doper sofa you've got
a TV you've got the kitchen you've got
all the kitchen units you've got a free
bag that came with the room you've got a
tables
dyndns on you got the second flip in
balcony right there but you thought it
was over
you thought it was over bro you've got
the bird this shouldn't be allowed this
should be illegal free and one room
that's too far why'd you even need me in
one room and then you've got
complimentary food oh man you've got yo
these looks dope yo I'm a ma'am I eat
one of them right now
okay you guys so let me tell you a
little bit more about what is going down
today so as you know we've got this
place who's coming here you may be
asking it was me Millie T and John and
Houston who decided to get this place
for Cara for a birthday now they're all
coming in a few hours right and Cara has
just arrived in London and this place is
a surprise Kira has no idea that we've
got all this place we I haven't told
anything I was told we got somewhere
cool so like I mean I think I think this
place is
he's pretty flippin cool so yeah because
they've arrived a bit late and Cara's
here now I've got to do is go meet her
and we're gonna roam the London for a
while roam the streets of London and
then we're gonna meet up with everybody
else and then come back here and
surprise a wee bit later but I've got to
go out now and pretend like we haven't
checked into the place yet and like I
don't know how dope this is to keep the
surprise going surprise mode mode is on
right now I'm actually doing something
good I still can't believe this place
has free frickin balconies but yeah
we're going out right now we're gonna go
meet Cara it's her birthday so it's
gonna be fun yeah let's go okay boys and
girls who rolled up to Nando's right now
and with the birthday boy pea birthday
too
ah it's a birthday happy birthday to you
boys you all right you know what guys
steal that is Herbert hey everybody go
down and comment happy Christmas in the
conversation below every single one I
wanna see happy Christmas all over the
conversation okay so Kyra really doesn't
like healthy stuff I challenge you
through this green thing by itself oh my
god is intense you know like you this is
healthy in this is the star okay so
apparently me and Kara are going blink
launcher linger long linger lingerie
shopping I don't fit in here am I even
allowed I'm definitely not allowed in
here
I don't want to be here look at this
this is explicit I don't want to be here
right now
guys I just bought myself a little
birthday present because obviously you
know Kara didn't really deserve one so I
just thought who's really more important
you know just I'm celebrating morgs day
rather than your birthday you want to
see what I got for my birthday I'm gonna
show him I got for my birthday so guys I
thought what's one thing that I don't
have like I have loads of black jeans
and you guys are always saying get some
more jeans so I just thought why don't I
just get some more jeans these ones
don't have rips in them so you guys are
probably like like my bomb looks amazing
in these they may be advertised by a Kim
Kardashian but I don't it doesn't matter
you guys know like women's jeans can fit
men too so I just thought why don't I
get some brand new white jeans okay
Millie sees your older
wait wait wait they might my joggers
yeah I was on the train outside sweats
got it Morgan I was genuinely that close
to wearing this coat scam oh so I
thought I can't do double time ah anyway
how's it going oh yeah we being
professional vlogging behind the scenes
right here Karis plan excuse me are
these men's by any chance
could I wear them as Manny's no oh
that's a shame guys I really like them
too okay boys and girls we're here in
the women's section I've just spotted
this absolutely magnificent jacket would
you look at that now what's about to go
down is I'm gonna do odds on if we get
it right if we get the same number me
Millie I have to buy that and it is like
tempis it's like a grand guys oh my god
that looks dope yo I just want to buy it
anyway let's do it let's do it let's do
it odds on out of what what is - okay
okay
three two one - looks good like that
don't think this looks good
so ok so boys and girls the last clip
you saw we were in Selfridges and
basically they actually asked me to stop
filming in there I did buy the coat
which I'll show you in a little bit I
bought the flippin sparkly jacket
because you know I need that attention I
need everybody's been looking at me and
it was low-key pretty flippin dope don't
even lied to me but yeah right now we're
pulling up to the apartment to the place
we've got Kiera here the birthday boy
we've got Milly up there god she's just
walked off she's just walked off she's
having none of it and yet we're about to
surprise Kyra with the place we're gonna
see how long we can go without her
catching on to what it is any idea
what's going on no I just like the
prices and things again can you end it
now I want to go oh wow priorities yo
boys and girls look at this
it's actually wall that same place it's
Ashley yeah yeah Oh does she like yeah
Oh does she approve I can't tell if this
is good on our wind go away you're
ruining the moment you've got we gotta
go we gotta go get into the room do you
like it yeah I think she liked it okay
we're on the way up to the room right
now there's one more thing that Keira
needs to see so you know to kind of
spice this whole thing up it is this way
okay so obviously you guys know about
the room you guys know I stayed here
with Keira and everybody a little while
ago okay Cara are you ready go in and
have a look just push your way through
Wow it's the literally exact same
flippin room oh no guys I think I did a
good job we did a good job here Millie
high five high five there we go we did a
good job okay so two more youtubers have
just pulled up to the crib I'm gonna go
out in this flippin females jacket and
see how they react this thing was like
65 pound it's low-key y'all guys don't
even live it's low-key pretty dope like
wait wait let's do a spin you see making
sure you in the mirror
well what but look at that look at that
boys and girls I look like some sort of
crossdresser but we've got to go see if
they like I'm a Rollo and see if they
know is I'm just roll out right now I'm
rolling out yo I'm rolling I'm rolling
out are you colorblind oh yeah you wait
you actually are when its lead the
problem is you just look too good I
think that's what the problem that's
whatever I was thinking that there's a
problem with it it's just you look too
good it's just it's too nice I just
looked good in to be my clothes I don't
think it's a coincidence I just look
good in female coders the next day
brought them boys and girls it's the
next night right now we literally just
transition to the next night and I
thought this was a daily vlog yeah
I'm literally just about to start
today's one but a few things to tell you
before you on this one
number one the prank King and prank
queen merch is out
next this Saturday this Saturday the
28th of October the pranking and prank
queen merch is dropping I cannot wait to
drop it as soon as it's out it's going
to be so good and yeah guys get ready
get ready just get ready it's gonna be
dope and also guys if you're new here
and you haven't already remember to go
down there and smash that subscribe
button and get ready for today's vlog
which is gonna come the day after you're
watching this one guys as always I've
been morgues you guys been awesome and
I'll see you in my next video please
remember to subscribe mugsy's channel
and don't forget to leave a like if you
have a big penis
thanks for watching peace out
