I'm foot away oh oh that's amazing oh
don't show them that boy oh my god
move move away look at that look at that
hello guys I'm the welcome back to
another old school boards challenge
today your boys going head-to-head with
you you girl your mum you woman your
lady and today we're bringing back your
challenge we've already done that we're
making it even more epic we are doing
the pancake art challenge for this
pancake art challenge there's going to
be a special theme and since it is
currently Christmas it's gonna be
Christmas be you sure but what you think
all those costumes are in the shops or
the Scout clusters they're not Santa
costumes Oh Halloween Halloween
Halloween guys today's pancake art
challenge is going to be Halloween
themed no guys it's just before we start
I am currently giving away a brand new
iPhone 8 the seal came up a little bit
guys but I mean it's still brand new
it's kind of lucky when mines through it
but it didn't end up on there on the hot
pancake maker guys this is the brand new
iPhone 8 just released I don't have one
yet mom doesn't have one yet but me and
I are teaming up to give this away to
one of you guys now that is a link in
the description where you can enter is
now officially open to enter the link
will take you to a website I've used
quite a bit before they'll ask you to do
special tasks like subscribing to my
channel subscribe to moon's channel
leave it a like on the video and the
more things you do with the more chance
you have of winning the iPhone 8 so get
over there after the video and enter
yourself in the giveaway however two of
the things you need to do to enter the
giveaway is subscribing to my channel
and leaving a like on this video so you
can go do those two things right now
before we stop doing what you warmed up
in warmed up ready I'm ready tip well
you ready I'm ready ready I died are you
any polygon boy
you think is gonna win comment down
below team bulbs for me to win or team
mom for her to win guys we're gonna get
started right now let's do this okay so
the way this challenge works you guys
are going to be our Jewish so after
every round you guys leave a comment
down below
round one who won round two who won
we're gonna take in turns to say the
thing that we're going to be designing
so I'm gonna go first
are you ready mom handshake the star are
you ready ready I'm saying we start this
off with a pumpkin okay I'm ready I'm
going to watch what are you going for
obviously bad oh she's got the red
everywhere oh look at this look at this
down here
oh no there is black pancake everywhere
we haven't even started the video yeah
there's already been a technical
difficulty welcome by doing a few
minutes waiting so result yo so we just
cleaned although
hold on a minute can we go slow mo
replay of my explosion to show it
actually wasn't my fault this time it's
just like a new design new style yes a
clue how I got away with that and you
didn't so I guess the motto is when you
open pancake mixture the if chuckle Amos
someone you don't like oh my oh it's
been a while since I've done this monkey
poop things are kind of like that and
then you fill the middle in remember
last time we did this guys I well we did
wait hold on what the flip is that
why is he just like it looks like a ha
ha look at this dude I'm just not I
might ruin all good job
I'm not improved to this this pancake
part more I even a lie okay yeah it's
not my best whatever mines
but like it's better than yours
oh just do it oh no way Malik I approve
of the fashion Walden oh oh no oh why
she has she though oh she has moved on
it
it's kind of nice central don't wait for
yours you have to work showing them at
the same time what can they see you
ready bud you ready I'm gonna go in from
that side oh yes one guys be honest with
me mine be honest with me
what do you think my obvious way what do
you think I can see your eyes yeah
two eyes there I don't know I don't know
I'm not eyes look like when I wake up in
the morning after a Sunday night out
okay boys and girls that's my opinion
but why is your opinion comment down
below round one and then keep on 14
balls that's mine
not long I mean not biased smokin but
I'm obviously better
I think team is I think team boss all no
but mine is a better pumpkin not a week
and you told Martin that you've got to
eat these pancakes so much but where's
your that from morning I got Co Dubi
Dubi Dubi Dom or cocoa it's not the new
energies edges are the new energies that
t-shirt yes
know what you like it what do you think
we don't he loves that okay because your
balls are we're gonna give you a special
treat
you get to try whichever one of the
pancakes you want
I won't call that special which one are
you going for buddy
Oh last month those months he's going
for it
he's going for it look at him he's going
pretty broke a bell box it is you just
about cooking then right guys so it
looks like Morgan's winning one nil but
we're gonna wait to see what you think
so the next one we're going to do is
we're going to do a round a killer clown
okay yeah yeah yeah that's a nice smile
and go for red I'm going for red
oh you're just doing the face I'm just
doing the face yep
oh no I've tried to the head the heart
the face and a body
oh that's supposed to be a bona fide 100
your mind's looking down by looking good
just not getting better at this I'm a
second family you say you do something
more and more Zee about bullies just a
counter at design-time think cheese is
like no the more you do it the worse it
gets worse it gets still can you give me
an idea what you think my is it looks
like it looks like a doll I'm gonna get
I'm gonna make my clown off a green face
you know because you know my clown is
gonna be different he's gonna be green
I've never seen a green clown before a
few moment and there we go not we wait
for Mike to say I'm moves too sad
whoa guys it's wobbling waiting for both
of my clowns to set I want to ask you
guys are you scared of clowns comment
down below if you're scared of clowns
because I personally I'm really flipping
scared of clowns like something about
them just gets me I went and saw into
the cinema and you know it was pretty
flippin scary I'm not gonna lie what are
you scared of clowns Oh God
I was kind of scared about that clown
came to our house all that time ago oh
yeah yeah no it wasn't my
how much on foot little a oh that's
amazing oh don't show them that boy oh
my god move move oh look at that look at
that what you doing I'm just putting
some pants back on you just pulling it's
almost like on it's not very close yeah
but it's just kind of there we go right
okay boys and girls I'm very very
confident going into this round - three
two one
see what I did I flipped my round the
other way and it looks really cool guys
check that out you've got his eyes smile
his little shoulders you got the free
body things on his head
mom - give us a nice pointy blue heart
with two black blobs on it what are the
black blobs supposed to be just like
balls balls just footballs okay football
so we've got a neither a neither and a
neither and Ania I don't know what
happened something went a bit wrong
we've kind of got - man what do you
think mine Oh better than last time
man oh you do the best well clowns
sports before now yeah teemo's you
battled Tommy mode right now look at
that everybody comment round - and then
who you thought one in the conversation
below but yeah that was round two I
think my club wins that well partly mine
disagrees so he's gonna get to eat some
of it okay my name on it okay mine
always I'm not nice it was the green
always not liking that
oh no that's even worse is that where oh
gosh guys on that note let's move on to
round 3
okay boys and girls we're back and we're
ready for rounds free this is my go
again to pee
and I'm doing straight into this no
messin about I'm going for a bath and
you best believe I'm grabbing the part
I've got the black love to do a blue bar
okay go for it I don't care I'm getting
started with mine that's my body right
oh she's copying them no that's the hair
that's the wings I have no clue or buzz
look like by the way I'm not just do
Batman
could I just do Batman no this is
dripping everywhere molten pudding
everywhere isn't that it not only not
the best these are they Oh God
the face is yours - it is now oh yeah
it's very sad there's a sad story behind
this one it was just sleeping on the
road and a car washed it yours looks
like a teddy bear
you wouldn't saw in my bar yeah you're
gonna call my boy teddy bear okay I'm
getting mine on on my on my bus ready my
bus ready to be a proud piece of Malta
pancake oh no wrong side okay we're not
going that side always talk oh god I
think it might be stuck okay I'm fine no
he's back okay you could have still out
of mind he's kind of hanging off the
edge but there we go guys voice down
it's a bar okay well let's listen to
mom's explanation okay boys it point out
each bit oh very good not very good but
they're more very very good but well
this is my actual but guys isn't
squashed so this is his body
guys heads out with his two little
little anus no co-pays cause fast he
wants to go bears
then there is wings one's a little bit
longer the other to show that everybody
you know maybe what is perfection why
yeah I know these those little legs
dangling down why just imagine that just
flying let's let's see one can you
imagine if one like I'm I I can't
imagine it flying oh my butt's
hazard never forgive myself for this I
just killed my own creation it's coming
down below team balls for round three
Ortiz mom they're both pretty bad this
is a little bit of a bad round but it's
time for my to test them below and see
what he thinks
okay mine which one is your favorite
which one you want to you
well obviously looking at these now oh
my wasn't roadkill so which one are you
going for mine never look like about in
a million years
true true roasted by Martin attitude
nobody's touching my baths come on all
of it Oh
Oh always coverage tour in the shame is
a little minute I can tell he's loving
it oh no no no I don't think I drop the
bag oh oh no he's doing it
mind your super minds a buddy trooper
anyway guys were ready for round for the
final round
are you ready mine you read mine let's
do it right pressure what to do next I
can think one of two things but the
coolest I find you sunscreen
yes Frankenstein green is like a green
hat every saw the big green eyes and a
black suit yeah yeah oh okay okay okay
oh my look how perfect this is
a bit bitchy watching that call that
kind of separates them off get off oh
yeah see you dude see you buddy get out
of my way mom you better be flippin
scared I'm going back for the green now
we've got to fill him in filling that
face buddy filling that face now go go
go we've got a better net we've got a
little bit of neck oh it's too runny
this pancake mixture it's kind of
ruining mine look at that mine I've
never seen something more worse in my
life Ovaltine logs
I think Timor should be pretty impressed
right now I mean I'm pretty impressed
with myself so like once this edge will
have to take one book don't think it'll
do pretty good however that chili is so
jacked I don't think so no probably not
I'm just trying to change the subject
okay you ready for this mine Gary nice
clothes for this let's see if we get
okay we've added him we appended him
we have behead Frankenstein we got our
Frankenstein body now we're gonna get
over that Frankenstein head Oh yo yo yo
you are not flippin seen this yet guys
I'm oh man I'm proud of this I'm proud
of my Frankenstein let's see how it
moves getting on guys okay boys and
girls ladies and gentlemen team moves
team um team mind people go everyone get
ready three two one ladies and gentlemen
have you ever seen a better Frankenstein
pancake in your life I don't think you
have that actually looks flipping insane
if I wasn't good at making these this
video would have been a disaster because
mama I'm not feeling it I'm not feeling
it mom you said if you don't see the
Betsy well that's the back to our
wallets for using mine for the fire
round my what do you think it's a
no-brainer isn't it big black thing guys
that's the final round comment round for
team Bob or team Boggs boy it's time for
the grand finale because mine's gonna
get to eat both of these okay mine for
the grand finale you've got to pick one
to eat and pick one to not eat which one
looks bad you've already said mine looks
bad but which one do you think tastes
better definitely yours looks better
so which one you eaten
what a smokin happy you're also still
good to spoil I agree with martini so
get that down you come on oh oh oh okay
just that rip off their grip off the
head I wish on it he's got that head go
online you can do it do it for T morning
I'd do it but keep mine oh my god mom
what you think my thinking oh dear sake
yeah I think he's kind of enjoying it I
think he's kind of enjoying it
oh no he's not he's not enjoying it well
guys that's the end of this pancake art
challenge I'm keeping this one guys that
can flip and die and go away I'm keeping
this though because this I want to put
this in like a frame or something this
is a great pancake no guys if you
enjoyed the video remember to go down
there and smash that's right boy and
smash that subscribe or let's try and
get a 30,000 likes on this video I know
it's a crazy goal but I think we can do
it if we all team up and smash that like
boy I remember guys the iPhone a
giveaway is open right now check the
link that'll be in the description to go
enter the iPhone 8 giveaway and get
yourself an iPhone 8 guys remember to go
subscribe to Mum and watch our videos we
film over a shuttle - and I'll be a link
to that in the description thanks for
watching guys yo that was the loudest up
show I've ever done in my life guys
peace out if you enjoyed the video
remember to subscribe to mug this
channel and don't forget to leave a like
if you have any penis
thanks for watching peace out
