oh boy yo check that check that you see
yeah I see let's get one I'll be home
soon please pick me up so I can explain
dot dot she's going into I can't do this
I'm putting the phone down guys later
I'm gonna confront her hello guys and
welcome back to another video today I'm
in London as usual what's new because my
channel is basically just owned and
logging channels but I'm going back
today so don't shut because I am
returning home today and that kind of
links into what is going down in today's
video because in today's video wait wait
wait wait what you're pregnant
hello but yeah you're pregnant I had
take one kiss one kiss is that how it
works
yeah like this see you can get pregnant
in that Wow you know something you every
day okay hold on hold on hold
liquid on hold on guys in all
seriousness what's going down today is
that mom is getting pranked the prank
King is returning it's been absolutely
ages since I pulled off a wicked prank
on mom and today is the day that I'm
taking back my crown I'm taking back my
flippin throne and the way I'm doing
this is with this female woman persons
hell we're gonna team up to prank mum
and she is gonna flip ow
and I'm gonna tell you how it's all
gonna go down but before that let me
show you around the room because it's
been absolutely flipping trashed so this
is what we've been using to film videos
we've been pulling the camera on there
which is a bin on top of a table on top
of another table that is bloody
revolutionary here we've got those but
with some socks on there which I'm not
taking home because they are flippin
dirty and I don't want them Oh
we've got the trashed bed and upset over
here we've got the desk with a fag of
rubbish because we a lot of sleep and
food here we've got empty can of redbull
you I didn't work
hey we've got a classic cars book here
we got bowl of water here we've got a
quiet main travel bar whatever the
flavor is now boys and girls if you've
never seen the channel before firstly hi
welcome I hope you enjoy your stay here
feel free to watch all my videos click
all my ads and make me loads of money
hey but for real guys if you never seen
me before my name is Laurel that's some
random girls been in my videos a lot cuz
she's attractive engines and she gets me
views and this is the mold channel you
guys are team molds if you're the joint
team molds you guys know what to do go
down there and smash that subscribe
button
oh one more thing that is important at
the moment I'm giving away an iPhone 8
like I have it like I have the Box roll
a clip ladies and gentlemen I am giving
away right now a brand new iPhone 8
these things have been out for like two
weeks so yeah you know we don't do fake
giveaways on this channel and yes I am
giving away the iPhone a boy I don't
even have the iPhone a up of the flippin
iPhone 7 I thought who's more important
me or you guys and it's definitely you
guys so if you want a chance of winning
an iPhone 8 all you have to do is
subscribe to the channel and smash a
like on this video and then comment down
below why you want the iPhone 3 things
like comment and subscribe
easy stuff it'll take you like a few
minutes not even that like a few flippin
seconds if you quicker clicking and type
in and stuff but yeah we've got iPhone 8
up for grabs
don't miss out on it you need friends
carer yangtze social I'm your only
friends we need to make a new friend
don't care
we tried now
Bethan
these single-most all good thing I've
ever seen in my entire life I don't
think I've ever experienced something
more than that
oh my lord
okay just teleport
the next day okay boys and girls let me
explain to you what the hell is going on
right now because a lot has happened
since I last picked up this camera is
literally the exact same time and
circumstances today than it was
yesterday
really different hotel this time though
the same room in the same hotel what
we're leaving
so basically long story short I'm seeing
mom in about five hours so this right
now is where I'm gonna start the video
I'm gonna start the text I'm gonna see
how she responds it's gonna be funny
guys
let's do it okay boys and girls as you
can see I just text mom I said hey are
you here dot dot dot I never do dots mom
I never do free dots I don't even do one
dot that's when you know it's fucking
serious then I put I need to tell you
something no dots to see that when you
feel free dots I'm like hey are you here
Dada I need to tell you something no
dots that's when you know it's flippin
serious that's well it's like next level
you know that's not even a joke anymore
so she responds with hi I'm here dog she
put two dots I don't even know what that
means - not one not three she did - I
don't know what that means it probably
means she's flipping out she was are you
okay question mark - kisses - kisses so
she knows you know this is serious so
I'm gonna start by saying to her firstly
don't freak out how many dots Kira
one two three four five six seven
I need your help one dawn getting
serious guys this is not flipping joke
anymore I'm gonna stop she's - she's
typing you can tell she's sad right now
like this waiting for the text she knows
this is serious you know something is
about to flip and go down bring me
what's up
I can't ring I'm I'm too ashamed I'm too
ashamed sent no dots
no flippin dots care and no flippin dots
no flippin dolls was she gonna say oh my
god she's been tagging for a while Kara
she's been timing for a while she's been
typing for a flippin while
oh no what's up answer the phone you're
scaring me do I say I got Kira pregnant
or Kara's pregnant or I got I got
because they're not always somewhere
else get if Jenna cuz I get a lot of
boys that is incorrect and you know
that's incorrect I got I'm gonna put I
got then we could put I I got pregnant
with a dog pregnant dot dot dot
oh boy care check that check that check
in yet
do you see yeah I see about to get wild
Oh sugar she's tired already that took
like six seconds that leads her to like
six seconds bro
oh you're joking one two three four five
exclamation box but five exclamation
marks how'd you even justify what that
means
my brain has never experienced five
exclamation marks I've done four and six
but never five this is next-level this
is new I'm sorry I'll explain later
I'll be home soon
you actually practice no no I don't
think so
hopefully not I don't boys don't like me
guys guys
words cannot justify my man right now
words cannot justify what is going on in
my smart intelligent brain hi mom this
is my mom this is the woman who brought
me brought me into the world and she's
texting again she's texting again you
put answer the phone this is a joke
right I'm gonna put no it's not imma put
I'm gonna I'm just gonna end all this
text I'm silencing silencing my phone
I'll be home soon please pick me up so I
can explain dot dot dot
i'ma put an emoji I'm gonna put a
flippin emoji I'm gonna put a crying
emoji crying emoji oh my lord guys when
I confront a later it's gonna be it's
gonna be like Oh Monica it's gonna be
like World War II she's not gonna be
happy she's already typing she's already
flipping typing on my lord I'm scared
guys I'm kind of regretting this already
I'll be home in this video I'm gonna
confront in this video very soon guys
all I'm saying is get ready for the
confrontation later she's text me
explain what why didn't you bro
she's going into I can't do this I'm
putting the phone down guys later I'm
gonna confront her and we're gonna see
what she says okay boys and girls and
sat right now in the train station is
currently
p.m. I'm getting the train that like 10
plus 5 or something back to Chesterfield
now that arrives about seven I'm gonna
tell mom to meet me at the train station
at 7:00 so I can tell her what's going
on she can pick me up and that's
obviously where she's gonna come from me
the first time by the way kinda say shed
things spamming my phone when I mean
spamming I mean I had six and this text
six been form this cause like I just
checked it's been like 30 minutes in to
check my phone like she is honestly on a
mudroom
I'm just sat down right now kind of
debating whether this entire situation
was even worth it because your boy is
flippin scared but I'm terrified right
now when she gets angry
she's a footprint burn so I'm gonna see
you guys once we get back to Chester bed
I want to go on the train and hopefully
when we get back alone
okay now ladies and gentlemen let me
just explain what has happened in the
past three hours
well like two and a half you probably
wondering morgues why not the train
station what happened with mom why did
she not pick you up what the hell are
you going on you're lying to us and no
guys listen to me so I got off the train
about 30 minutes ago I checked my phone
and because I was ignoring mom's calls
and texts she basically sent me a text
saying that's it if you're not gonna
answer me you're not coming home and I'm
heard from her since I tried ringing her
and texting her and then she was
ignoring me so the roles just switched
so I had to get a taxi from the station
home all I've done today all I ever do
is just get taxis like I swore I go for
like five taxis a day but I'm home right
now and I don't know what I don't know
what the hell's gonna go down some of
the texts mum was sending me you better
be joking if you're not then I will be
absolutely furious what's wrong with you
I am flipping nervous right now
well yeah as you can see I'm hoping what
I'm gonna do is I'm gonna ring the
doorbell in a second but guys I need you
to leave a like if you're enjoying this
video give me some good look I don't
want to get flipping I don't want to get
slaughtered right now so give me a like
and subscribe if you're new for more
crazy pranks this could be my best one
yet
let's ring the doorbell and see oh my
god I'm scared
I'm actually scared okay it's mom what
do you mean just let me in I need to
explain you need to explain no well why
do you answer my calls or my texts and
talk to me earlier that I'm making me
have all day to worry and wonder what
the hell's going on because I was too
ashamed I was ashamed
upstairs need to talk to find out let's
go now your code
why you film I don't really want this
filming Morgan is too proud this is a
joke isn't it no I promise I will ask
how happened I just can't believe that
this has happened I'm sorry
yes it's not straight to me you've got
you've got a 16 year old girlfriend
who's pregnant could just go upstairs
move there but don't really wants the
camera I need to find out what's going
down
come on just cool I'm honest I just want
to talk to I'm not gonna get angry I
just want to find out what exactly is
going on with it this is actually true
or if you're just messing around to
moment here on bro cool stairs then will
you just sit down and stop holding the
camera in my face I need to torture
all right I'll stand up then okay so you
girlfriend's pregnant well done you've
come her school you were doing a
fantastic career everything's been going
brilliant she's got a college she's
gonna do really well as well and then
you've done mace what even my you it
were your plans are you've been tending
to have the baby have you spoke about
that or you're too young to even be
talking about things like that
there's other people know about this is
it just me just you know cry I'm not
crying Morgan I've just can't believe
that you've dropped this one on me today
yeah yeah you've ignored me I've been
ringing out being texting you you've
ignored everything me Martin have been
worried sick about it I just thought
maybe we could give to the RSPCA or
something oh no you're taking the piss
this this is a joke isn't it
RSPCA you don't even know what it is
you mean so give it to light adopt it
adoption just a thought we just think
maybe just like putting a homeless
shelter or something oh it's taking the
meat now you know if you don't want to
talk about if this is genuine and you're
serious and this is the way you think
you're gonna talk to me then just your
mouth I'll just go out Morgan no just
calm down I'm not calm down I'm trying
to have a conversation with you and all
you're doing is saying stupid things to
iron me off I just thought maybe we
could just like just like just put it
upstairs in a box and bring it out when
we want to play what take it walks and
stuff I take the dogs walks oh yeah we
could go to the pet shop tomorrow and
buy a new color for it and what's that
on your neck what it's obviously not put
your fucking blood you love bikes on
your neck asset this news I believe that
big a deal
oh did you not more good boy bat big no
no it's not that big a deal it's just a
baby and it does get big and then he
turns into you I mean wrote you down
about it as they had any pearls of
wisdom
you're freaking jokin now you're taking
the make go away go away go to your room
what I'm not that you need to have a
think about this you're acting like an
idiot mom don't cry cry cry yes jump it
jump it's jumping child I trusted you
London and I said trip every time in the
car whatever say to me Martin don't use
it
on the top floor balcony you're joking I
was joking and you asked me could be
acting this stupid go away I'm joking
she's not praying with me it's with
someone else it's all good you know what
Morgan what this is a really really bad
mistake I'm gonna buy you buy me yeah
it's bad to stay by me for your buddies
keep blaming me I love to see a child
this is a wicked thing that you were
just still they'll be children that the
girls out there with the children
sixteen-year-old girls who are pregnant
or worried to death and you're just
taking the piss out of it as though it's
something that's funny it's all come
true you're not going to London anymore
you're not going to London anymore mom
guys watch my channel watch my channel
that's gonna be payback for this this
has been shocking I've been upset and
worried dogs don't go buddy I'm worried
about that poor girl and what you've
done to her okay bye real God watch my
channel well guys thank you all so much
for watching this video what a great end
to the video you know I had it all
planned boys just it's good to see you
now even though even after a few months
mom still as gullible as she always was
guys thank you also to watching the
video if you're new here remember to go
down there and smash that subscribe
button and gently tap that like button
be gentle with the lightboard but flash
the subscribe button comment down below
what crimes you think I should do next
on mom I'll be looking out for the prank
she'll be doing on me you can't tell her
channel but I tell you I'm not gonna get
prying so y'all
for a while guys thank your storm for
watching and as always a bit more what
the yeah I promote you guys been awesome
and I'll see you if hey Jesus mom ah not
the manga anymore you guys been awesome
and I'll see you in my next video peace
out then remember to subscribe to
mugsy's channel and don't forget to
leave a like even having each penis
thanks for watching
