you okay yeah sweet I'm alright I just I
would it's no big deal it's just it's
it's like it's to today's might one
today's my birthday with you noon well
today's my birthday how can I explain it
the day I was born
no did you forget you sure she birthday
well if I told you that I didn't forget
your birthday and I've been pranking you
this entire time
oh yes and Wi-Fi also told you that I've
bought your present and I've been
planning on it for absolutely ages and
what if I told you that it's ready for
you right now soon as this present is so
much of a big deal
I'm gonna reveal it to you on my channel
oh my goodness ladies and gentlemen boys
and girls have I got a treat for you
today
no guys I'm welcome back to another
video today the prank king is back
yes you heard that correctly this video
marks the return of prank wars let me
sit down and tell you guys all about
what's going down in this video of what
just went down on mum's channel because
you guys are not even ready for this so
recently a lot of you guys have been
asking me morgues
where are the pranks are you know you
call yourself the prank King how come
you're not pranking more anymore and I
was thinking about that I was thinking
hard and the truth is guys I just been
preparing mental preparation is
important I have so many pranks in mind
right now and this marks the return of
the prank wars well the truth is guys
the prank wars has already begun now
just before we continue in this video
guys if you're new
and you've never seen my face before my
name is mold you guys are team orgs and
if you not already subscribed what the
hell are you doing go down there and
smash that subscribe bomb and once
you've smash the subscribe button gently
tap the lightboard don't smash the like
button gently tap the like button but
remember to smash the subscribe button
and also guys the iPhone 8 giveaway is
gonna be starting within the next few
days the ways you can enter into the ALF
actually really hurt the ways you can
get entered into the iPhone 8 giveaway
is by leaving a like on the video
subscribing to the channel and telling
me in the comment section why you want
the iPhone AIDS and also telling me if
you're excited for the iPhone X but guys
let me take you back to about a few
hours ago and fill you in on what's
going down so as you guys know a video
went up on mom's channel about an hour
ago
if you've seen that video already I
assume you know what's going on but if
you haven't seen that video you should
watch it right now and come back to this
video but basically what happened in
that video is I pranked mom on her
channel by forgetting her birthday for a
prank and she got mad
however guys here's the twist the end of
that video I said I had a big gift for
her that I would reveal to her on my
channel in this video but guys another
swerve just got added into a mix because
this is a double prank on mom I said the
prank wars was gonna return with a bang
I said it guys double prank on mom is
happening right now so the plan is that
basically guys you all know about the
iPhone X that's coming out in like a
month I'm gonna get an old iPhone box
make it look like an iPhone Xbox and
pretend to mom like I have got a the
unreleased iPhone X and see if she
believes me now this is a box I've got
right here this is an iPhone 7 box
however mum knows absolutely nothing
about phones so if I can make this look
a little bit more like an iPhone X
she'll probably believe it and that is
exactly what we're gonna be doing in
this video guys remember to smash a like
if you're excited subscribe if you're
new the pranking is back mum's going
down prank wars is all
yes again and I hope you guys are all
excited let's do it okay boys and girls
in the lounge right now we've got mine
on the cam my knees in on the prank of
course to be fair - kind of like risky
on your part doing this because mom is
not gonna be happy but anyway I don't
care what makes mom happy right now as
you can see we're in the lounge and I've
got the balls what we need to do is try
and make this look like the iPhone Xbox
now obviously mom doesn't know anything
about phones she probably would just
believe this if I just gave her this but
it may be best we try and do a little
bit of something to make this look like
the iPhone Xbox so what I'm gonna do
I've got a Sharpie pen and I'm basically
just gonna just gonna try and have a bit
of fun with this what I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna do a big X in the middle boys
and girls it's basically the iPhone X
you know you may be thinking right now
more pure nerf is gonna believe that but
trust me you guys don't know Mom you
guys do not know mom she is the most
gullible person I've ever seen in my
life she won't 100% believe this them
I'm gonna do is go inside the box and
I'm gonna write
oh that looks real oh my god okay that
actually looks kind of real nicely does
look pretty good
don't lie to me then I'm gonna do the
same thing on the other side okay guys I
ain't even gonna lie that is not too bad
at all
then I'm gonna go in the back of the box
and I'm gonna write I'm just gonna write
a little X let's do an X let's do it
there okay that's fine I've thrown eight
and then I'm basically just gonna maybe
like what can we do to make this a
little bit more believable let's draw
over the Apple logo to make it maybe
stand out a little bit I don't know it's
just playing around really just doing
stuff which looks a bit different you
know I'm saying you're on the Apple like
that let's just have a bit of fun now I
feel like I'm back in school of all this
drawing let's just do a little bit draw
around this circle back there circle
that boys and girls the iPhone Xbox is
now done okay boys and girls just
quickly you know just quickly cut
time travel into the kitchen mum's out
right now it's a kind of wondering why
I'm absolutely screaming I've kind of
got a little bit of time to prepare for
this she's actually out with her mom so
that's pretty cool you know we got some
time to prepare you excited for mum to
get pranked are you excited for the
return of prank wars how about you Bruno
are you excited for the return of point
was he's seen all the pranks Bruno Bruno
has been around to see them all
organized and see many of them brutal
have seen all the pranks you excited who
do you think's about a prank a Bruno me
yeah of course of course Bruno thinks
it's me Pogo you don't know as much
about the prank wars you haven't seen as
many of them who do you think is the
best pranker mum are you joking okay
well you can get a full row ticket to
see mum get pranked right now
so obviously you guys are probably
wondering Maude have you actually given
it anything inside the box and if you
know me you'll probably know of course I
haven't this is just an empty box I mean
look at this there's nothing inside here
she's gonna be really disappointed if
I'm gonna take the leap without because
I don't even wanted to have them what
I'm gonna do right here I'm gonna give
her a pack of power burgers
do you know maybe she'll like them
instead see you know I'm being
thoughtful I know mum loves our sweets
mum probably loves sweets more than the
actual iPhone so that's me being really
considerate I'm gonna pop the iPhone
Xbox back on there and we're good to go
boys and girls they call me the present
wrapping king they don't no one's ever
told me that but still whatever this is
not going well guys they don't call me
the present wrapping king they call me
the guy that should probably not ever
wrap presents guys now that we've got
the iPhone done you're probably thinking
did you get them on the cars and boys
and girls you know how much of a caring
person I am you know how much I love mom
of course I got her a card I mean it may
not have been you know the right one
happy Mother's Day but again it's the
thought that counts right I was in a
rush every dentist use a card from last
Mother's Day it's the thought that
counts right it's the thought that
counts less right on this okay so we've
got to try and do something
it says happy Mother's Day - how about
this how about I go and put a line
through that I'm poor
happy birthday see perfect problem
resolved right there oh no guys problem
it says it again to have a wonderful
Mother's Day cost the house and then our
Oh today there we go do my overweight
but beautiful mom that's exactly what
you are have a wonderful birthday happy
Mother's Day mother but happy birthday
mom let's go surprise it with the iPhone
X guys okay guys back what are you doing
hog okay well you know what I said you
know I got your present and everything
you look like that on your video so this
everything's ready Wow I think you
should sit down in the lounge
are you ready mom the big reveal Wow are
you excited yeah yeah yeah you're
excited but I think one more thing
before I bring your present happy
birthday to you happy birthday to you
no babies no Obama prison
whoa can we have my present now yeah
pro-gard's hospital what broken elbow
that wasn't really necessary it was
their babies you have never even had a
birthday be worn in prison
yeah but don't sing up your birthday
again whatever you do because that was
like atrocious look at this guy's even
added to dad crossed it out and then put
mom and then I've got I've got them
right here let's go deliver hey you
ready
oh you I've got me a present what is it
dad crust ow oh just a little bit
confused
happy Mother's Day
hey is this happy birthday be tonight
overweight but beautiful mom this is
actually starting to go down a little
bit now Morgan oh it's only you know
that counts right - my overweight the
beautiful mom that's exactly what you
are have a wonderful Mother's
crossed-out birthday from mugs
I'm even saying do fancy incredible I'm
hoping that the presents gonna be a
little bit better no improvement on this
Morgan
yeah I'm not sure what you know what
gratefulness right well now he's fine
that says mom in a million that's nice
is sky you gonna use this again the
Mother's Day you're gonna like cross the
hour or something usually no I rub out
the pen that's a good I didn't it I hope
you've not spent a lot of money on me I
mean it's there it's like what no
honestly I said just some chocolates or
something wait wait before you open it
wait let me put it away first so before
you open it well you do eyes what they
is right that's the iPhone X that's not
released yet have you got one I've got a
special contact Apple who knew it was
for you just for you it comes out in a
month more that's the brand new iPhone X
that isn't even out yet unreleased
faucet 2,000 3,000 pounds because
obviously it's not released had to play
a special fee for I said just get
chocolates would have been fine you
can't just spend all that are you
getting really emotional where's Lucas
you've got me a phone but I just don't
that you can keep spending money like
that Morgan it's too much
oh god Martha you get really emotional
yeah because she keeps surprising me
with things and it's lies does that make
up for the card see I couldn't I thought
you know does that make up for the car
you did the card as a bit of a joke and
then fall of course
oh the water you've got me on your
card on your birthday Morgan presents
about your lovely things this is what
this is about isn't it because you
weren't happy forbore you is this just
like payback time this is how you reward
your mom after looking after you and
helping you create a channel you put on
the box sobbing yeah you've been drawing
on the box you're shocking just go away
now my birthday twice you put cake in my
face on my birthday at least abort you
are at least the ball you want I think
you need to go to your room now and
think about this this is terrible wait
what are you doing you know not doing a
birthday present move if you just give
me a bag of the rebo's indie thoughts I
bought today if you didn't wrap them up
and give them to me how to feel better
but to actually put me in a box and
pretend why are you doing it it's just
about money for you in it you just
wanted the money didn't you Maurice one
of the money
I said show me the phone I need to show
me the money
no more gun you know what don't push me
no more pushing up it's moving you away
from the door
you know you look after you dogs tonight
said to the wall I'm go back to Nana's
house and without seeing a nun's house
and I will never guess why and I might
even stay there tonight oh you don't
need a walk by the clock you need to
walk at ten o'clock and they need to
walk at five o'clock in the mall well
guys I think it's safe to say the prank
wars is now well and truly back a mod
has just came back with a strong return
to pranks on mom both of them successful
- Nell - morgue the prank King is back
boys and flippin girls and I guess the
moral of the story as well is if you
can't take being pranked don't prank
this is the exact same thing mum did to
me on my birthday where she pretended
she bought me a dog she's flipping out
about it but at the end of the day I'm
just giving her a taste of her own
medicine team morgues anyway boys and
girls bus another successful prank for
Team morgues we're on the op team mom is
on the down as usual if you haven't
already seen the prank I did on mums
Channel go and watch that because it's
so funny
I got her so good as well as getting it
so good on here there'll be a link to
her video in the I don't bear grudges
anyway I was willing to forgive and
forget everything that you've done to me
believe now yeah you've restarted the
prank wars now so you're in trouble
you watch your back I know so George in
two mugs I love all of you thank you all
for all the support go get yourself some
tea mugs mate so you can wrap the team
walks everywhere you go thank you all so
much for watching and as always I've
been more you guys have been awesome and
I'll see you in my next video peace out
if you enjoyed the video then remember
to subscribe the mugsy's
and don't forget to leave a like if you
have a big penis thanks for watching
this
