hello guys I'm welcome back to another
video today I'm joined today Cara what
the foot are we gonna be doing we're
reacting that music quick really
recreating couple music needs of people
who probably look a lot better together
than we do know is and gentlemen it's
been a little while since my last
musically video is where we reacted to
her music please and ever since then you
boys been getting all that musically
cloud
I have 13,000 followers already so you
know Jacob set the foot down brother new
musically Kings here he's got bad bad
chest and he's got more charisma guys if
you're new here remember to go down
there and smash that subscribe our weeds
overtake freaking Jacob Jacob I know
YouTube is like your fourth platform or
whatever but it doesn't matter bro I'm
coming for you watch out musically
YouTube Jacob you're going down okay
there's some boys and girls today me and
the beautiful we're gonna be recreating
couple music please I thought you know I
we've been asking people you know are we
like goals yeah and you know I don't
think people are like I don't think
people are feeling it yet so maybe this
video I don't think maybe this video is
what they need
yeah maybe this video will cement us as
the next relationship goals musically
couple boys and girls remember to
subscribe if you're new that's not
subscribe that's leave a like so feel
free to leave a like as well follow mine
musically because I want to overtake
Jacob subscribe cuz I won't overtake
Jacob they'll be going down
I'm joking Jake I'm sorry for watching
this you could like kill me on every
platform but just yeah just don't just
don't please
yeah boys and girls we're gonna get
straight into this now with the first
cringy relationshipgoals
musically leather puzzler however let's
go
okay then boys and girls if we skirt on
over to the musically app as you can see
your body is racking up thirteen
thousand two hundred and seventy two
fans how many views do I get been
musically you say just a cheeky - barely
1000 you know not that many and then we
look at her let's see how many killers
we go you know she's it's been a little
while since unless the last video we did
together musically
she's been racking up the videos let's
see if she's going on 6400 fans with six
music please I've got I've got 13,000
with - I'm gonna overtake you you've
been saying for quite long okay I mean
every time I'm gonna do a musically
right now guys we're gonna start this
with and musically I'm just gonna pick a
random song let's pick what's a funny
song
that's not fair musically I'm coming for
you you know they serve a nice person
oh wow okay there so I guess we should
just go and search and put in like
relationship goals I guess I don't know
it works either we're both fairly new to
music Lucy and obviously I'm doing
better than her that's kind of standard
but yeah let's take this account here so
basically the way this works Kara we
watch it and then we have to recreate it
as a musically we have to try and do our
best
yeah okay so do anything - this is not -
gee that's got a different one I think
you should do that to me let's recreate
that one you ready yeah okay we go ahead
and do something recreate
I thought is I that's it let's have a
look at the reiteration this has been a
terrible video so far this has been
terrible let's step it up a bit
apparently ladies and gentlemen we can't
find the song the the what sort of song
so I mean how about this one nope not
that one either
three two one Jake oh this is how he's
doing bro dude
whoa well I could be chasing but my time
would be wise but they've got nothing on
you
I bet Jacob saw home now we're musically
our base like get ready to do on all his
angles and then I bet that's been like
popped up and he's been like oh damn I
got some competition here
because Jacob bows look the competition
show because morgs is on the scene now
that I mean there's no one more cringing
the mods on youtube so you can do it as
well musically like I'm determined to be
the cringes musically out there okay so
this one's gotta be really up close so
don't be really cute go with that smile
each other you're gonna pretend like you
like me for a bit he found you okay
tako good bu
oh really good job boys
how do we know doc yeah I think we flip
it now about guys happy we nailed up I
think we nailed up I think we nailed up
if they didn't know what we were saying
we could have been saying like you're so
cute
I like you so much obviously we weren't
like I'd rather I draw the jump out of
that window right there it's not window
it's just a sheet of glass well you get
the point I will remove the sheet of
thought and then jump I will kill myself
with a shard and then slowly begin my
descent down was it's like crash on the
paper
we're really goals aren't we I like you
little what really girls how much sneeze
on camera halfway through your video is
so rude God Joe that's that I'm ending
I'm done I'm done that's the reason why
I'm stopping because you just sneezed
well this video basically just serves as
a prime example of why my American place
why is your seven boys why every
relationship goals you see is a problem
with fake and or we're just just not
goals yeah maybe we just really secretly
deep down hate each other but yeah guys
remember to go and follow your boy on
musically because with or without the
relationship goals Jacob I'm still
coming for your bro I've got bad tongue
movements than you I've got better like
cute faces I've got better angles Jacob
you've all watch our bro I'm coming for
you bro also remember to go down there
and smash a big thumbs up on this video
comment down below if we're
relationshipgoals or not you've got
allows know what you think about this is
it goals is it to people that just using
each other you're gonna have to last no
guys I mean do you ship cooks do you
ship cogs guys thank you all so much for
watching the video if you enjoyed leave
a like tell me if you ship ship cogs in
the comment section below
remember to go it followed the musically
and all the other stuff links in
description go follow her but remember
don't make sure she doesn't overtake me
like you can follow her but just make
sure she doesn't overtake me because he
boys got bad music please then Kara
thank you so much for watching and as
always I've been Jacob she's been a baby
Ariel and we'll see you in the next
music video
because they get views and I need to use
and money peace out
if you enjoyed the video then remember
to subscribe mugsy's channel and don't
forget to leave a like if you have a
deep image thanks for watching
these are happens
