Maldon
where are we
if you put me here calm down calm down
we need to figure out what we're doing
here so you're saying you just woke up
here just like me to have any idea what
this is it looks like some sort of
abandoned this is solid brick drop any
idea what the hell we're doing here
no oh my god oh my god oh my god guys
I've got my little I've got my phone
I've got my phone in my pocket let me
get a torch oh my goodness oh my god
look at this what the hell is this place
look at these walls
oh no no service for my phone
what the hell do we do we've got to try
and escape haven't we can we walk out we
get out it looks like the some sort of
entrance out there we could make it out
there we don't know how deep this water
is like it we could sink guys I'm gonna
check the rest of my pockets there's
nothing in there in my other pot
I think there's some sort of no oh my
god
what's it say mortgage oh sure oh my god
ma Tomas is saying
smokin you don't want to know hello
Morgan you don't know me but I know you
you have 24 hours to escape if you fail
to do so there will be consequences
good luck guys I have no clue who pause
here or wherever we are it's definitely
abandoned it doesn't look safe at all
there's only one way out guys
we're gonna have to try and exit this
way go over pause here goes in this way
I think this is the only option we have
I have so many questions but we don't
have time for questions we have to try
guys let's do this
oh my ankle
Oh No oh my god oh my god oh my god jeez
guys this is so scary I've literally no
idea where we are I have no clue how to
eat this in solid gosh it feels so slimy
oh my gosh Jesus okay they will keep
watch out it's super dangerous down
there oh where are we guys I think we
made out of the tunnel okay but check
this out I have absolutely no idea where
the hell we are
guys I seriously have no idea where that
help me all right now we just weren't
caught in that tunnel right there
covered in moss stick dirty water we
almost ghost or what I want to know
right now is who the hell was here why
why why we don't know if we're being
watched
we don't know who the hell did this
towards but we need to find out a way to
escape more go guys we need to figure
out where the hell we are
do you guys have any idea where this
places you know so that we can hopefully
figure out how we get out of here
comment down below if you know where we
are I don't recognize this guys the
river continues all the way
maybe we should follow that or maybe we
could head over there gotta chase it guy
he must be a boy's hair let's go chase
them we need to find out why we're here
you see them anyway see Morgan I say and
see if we can find a way out of this
place
you know how we go up here but we've got
to try I guess our only option is to
just keep going see if we can get some
signal and then see if we can find any
other clues guys oh my goodness look at
what we've just stumbled oh my god looks
like some sort of abandoned bridge again
they sold boosting the wood up there oh
that fence
it doesn't look used I have no clue
where we are whom should we cross it
it looks so creepy Morgan what do you
think I think we've got to get home
we've got to find a way we need to get a
signal on your phone Morgan and get help
so I think that's the only way is the
only way did give me this way mom he got
here so there's definitely a way those
guys this is super creepy I need to
watch out not to step on anything I've
got those shoes are oh my god I'm
looking around guys I'm trying to find
some clues or anything which hopefully
could help us get out
I see something down there let's go take
a look oh my god do you see do you see
look at my shoes I mean he hid them
there - wait come on let's go for
another walk there may be another no or
something come on ah yo size 10 and a
half these are mine oh my goodness does
that mean when He pours here he took the
shoes off and hit them hit oh this is so
scary oh my god this is the other one
guys again it's Tannen aha my socks are
in here - mole took my socks off that's
so weird looks like there's another note
inside here oh my god is this sound
scared congratulations you made out of
the tunnel but you have a long way to go
before you are free hurry up time is
running out
okay at least that sounds like we're
going in the right direction guys I'm
gonna get my shoes on and we're gonna
continue down this path down here it
looks pretty narrow and creepy but if
the shoes are there then this is
probably the right way to go guys it's
so creepy if we don't manage to make out
of here before the Sun sets and as the
note said there'll be consequences so we
need to be quick but if you look around
us we just don't add this the lake this
is Sookie come on let's get a move on we
haven't got enough time to talk guys
we've just been walking for like 10
minutes it's at the waterfall it feels
like we're just going around in circles
we're not even get anywhere
why are you doing
what would mean why wait to do decimal
can well he appointed time well that'll
do we do he's right that what was he oh
my god Oh be careful
what do you say what is it oh my god
Ramadan it was it so you're writing on
it
it says I know you how did you get this
where was this does that mean he maybe
came into the house to get it must
obtain us from the house don't something
to us so we don't remember I've got the
baby beds and left was in the tunnel boo
mom he's still right there so we can go
and tell him water
why did you go guys why the hell did you
go did you see him move everybody
comment down below if you saw him move
we didn't see anything almost like he
just disappeared you know what mom will
take the baby photo but we got to go
we're seriously running our time come on
come on let's follow the path no service
still no service mom this is a disaster
I can't get service anywhere guys we're
gonna have to just keep going and going
but seriously who the hell do you guys
think whoever that is is or maybe the
question we should be asking is what is
it because the last time I checked
humans couldn't teleport he just
completely disappeared and I have no
clue where the hell he is he could be
literally anywhere right now when we've
been walking for hours now mold can kill
we've got to keep going
Morgan please Moulton we've got just a
myth welcome to come we haven't seen a
clue ours no no we're not gonna give up
more good we have to keep going please
Morgan don't give up I can't leave you
we've got to go together come on Morgan
we can do we're not Morgan we're gonna
get out of this we're gonna work
together please Morgan Morgan get off
look we've got Morgan well sign the tree
what do you say oh my god what is it
it's not my coat oh my god is that you
can't wait mom it could be a trap please
be careful
it looks like it's just Maiko what does
that mean Morgan maybe I was wearing
this the night he took hers let me show
you the pockets there was no in my
pocket when I woke up let me check
see if there's one in here Morgan what
does it say please Morgan time is almost
up you know what guys the Sun hasn't
gone down yet that means there's still
time let's do this oh god guys it's
starting to get dark it's getting super
creepy look around guys guys I still
have no I do
oh my gosh so there hey you stop stop
right there
oh my goodness he just disappears all
right
he was just disappeared into thin air
what the hell is going on guys I'm
seriously getting really creeped out I
thought this was just maybe a prank at
first but this is definitely something
more than that
whatever this guy's just doing this
doesn't seem human oh my god guys whoa
whoa whoa hey we're on a bridge right
now oh gosh don't look over look over
we're pretty hot the Sun scientists at
guys really quick baby if we just keep
heading down there towards it oh no no
no the tunnel
no no the tunnel should we go
investigate guys what'd you think coming
down below should we go investigate the
tunnel or should we go the other way go
back the way we came guys I don't think
we can go back the way we came we've
been walking for hours I think we're
gonna have to go and investigate the
tunnel come on guys were outside the
tunnel it looks really really creepy it
doesn't look very well where there's a
sign here absolutely says warning tunnel
do not touch the sides do not enter if
my tunnel lights go off at dos and guys
I don't know what time is right now but
this sunlight is almost gone
so sure oh no this is too freaky Morgan
I can't go in there come on let's
explore let's explore let's just do you
not think there's another way I don't
know
oh good Morgan I could please stop with
too fast I can't see Yardley what's the
whole oh my god guys this place is so so
creepy I don't know what the hell this
was useful but I don't think it's been
used in oh my god oh my god
mom mom guys what the hell is that what
the hell is that shove in between the
brick that looks like a note to me it
says Morgan your freedom lies ahead
through the haunted tunnel but be
careful danger also lies ahead your life
depends on this good luck guys what the
hell does he mean by danger also lies
ahead I don't understand
gosh I'm just walking and walking I
don't know how far we have to go until I
find the end I've been walking now for
at least five minutes I'm seriously
scared No
guys guys guys guys guys
guys guys
I think we made now let me show my
family bugger signal to call the help
okay guys we may not have long if he's
following us
oh my god of your signal I've got signal
guys point down below right now who
should I call
should I call Martin should I call the
police should I call camera guys I'm
gonna go ahead and call Martin because
he can drive with the rain in a tunnel
and we don't know who pulls that and
he's been following those in a mask you
come right now okay okay I'm sending
them a location easily quick oh my god
guys I think we're safe here and then
once he arrives we should be okay
guys why we wait if you notice anything
while the video was going on but we
didn't spot please comment down below
and tell us if we missed anything we'll
have absolutely no idea and what the
hell has happened to us and why we ended
up in this random place look guys we're
gonna sit down and wait for mine okay oh
my god guys oh geez guys that he not in
here today guys I think we're okay I'm
just gonna go put my stuff in the back
oh my
