oh come on probably nothing ever felt
before I know it is I know it is it's
just 3 2 1
what's up guys boys and females how's it
hangin welcome back to a new video my
name is morgues and I have a dog what
star war buddy star hello and welcome
back to another video today your boy is
bringing back another trend
single-handedly you thought the trend
was dead
well guess what malls never did it so it
ain't dead yet I'm here with the
beautiful Kara how are you you good
energy forward but are you ready to
touch my body yeah
sorry boys and girls today we're back
with another challenge I was looking
through you know the male and female
challenges that have been trending and
there just isn't anything at the moment
that I can get views off so I'm like hmm
hope I just bring back a trend that's
already been done a thousand times but
I've never done it she's never done it
so there's still plenty for you to see
on this video so boys and girls if
you've never seen my face on the back
boys and girls if you've never seen my
face on your screen before my name is
miles mascaras you guys a team also if
you're not already subscribed to the
channel
first of all what the flipper you doing
go down there and smash now subscribe on
guys and Jenny cap that like button guys
yeah you know gently Tupper okay your
finger just like oh just like we don't
want any sweat shit
which one gently like let's do that to
the light bond guys and then smash smash
the subscribe button smash the subscribe
button but only javits a polite boy you
know this is a different flight one
deserves more respect than the subscribe
button the subscribe button needs a good
smash in the lightboard
he's a gentle tug you know there's a
difference where a hold on Kara once a
I've got to look my giveaway okay well
for some reason Morgan is giving an
iPhone thanks my aides await his
subscribers who he loves a lot and to
win it you should gently tap like button
and smash the subscribe button and then
he'll give you an iPhone 8 for free but
probably not just one of you forget it
but it could be you so do those things
okay the way the challenge works I'm not
gonna tell you the way the challenge
works you guys have already seen like
five videos on this don't even lie go
watch this right now because she's cute
and I'm really loud and personality
effect that's not a word charismatic
basically we're both gonna have five
goes of this it's gonna be the best out
of five she gets five goes on me I get
five goes on her that sounded oddly
sexual it didn't mean it like that and
yeah we're gonna get started right now
I'm gonna touch her body
okay guys round one I'm gonna be
touching Kara blindfold meal he's
supposed to actually put it on me shit
oh wow I actually can't see a thing
genuinely cause their thing totally good
yeah it'd be oh whoa whoa
yeah hey guys oh it was there you know
like genuinely when the people did these
touch my body challenges I always
thought they were fakes I thought that
must be so easy this so hard okay
the bras going back home okay I don't
know how this is gonna go down but oh no
I don't sound good it's maybe good boys
don't sound good taking your finger okay
oh no you'd be very stupid Oh
yeah yeah that was pretty weird
nobody waiting no no I
I thought it got in then you'd have been
a goner gentlemen - on boys
I'm doing them smashing this okay next
thing yeah okay
the next part of my body I'm gonna do is
let's go for the earth we need two
fingers for this Oh easy it's a hair on
my knees there's nowhere else yeah just
my knees no just my knees just my knee
I'm in a fury yeah that explains what my
voice sounds like a ninety-year-old
strap me up I think it guys I think I
actually know how to pour bra on I think
oh yes oh yes yeah okay guys get ready
for she's about to pull my head this is
a great blindfold moldsmal it's link in
the description don't we doing w dot o d
that don't count
oh my
and just won 100 going well I'm going hi
oh my lord
is that your is that your booty what is
that your bum I know you're Bob your God
I know you're born they are born yeah
you boy knows I know you born we're
gonna move on so does that mean it's
currently Britain I've got free crate
you've got two crates guys it's
currently free - right now we're gonna
do out of five but it seems like we're
both just too good at this so we're just
gonna keep going
comment down below right now who you
thinks gonna win morgs or the girl
columned olive oil there we go y'all
guys Pharrell how good the she look
cabal you just went up by like 250
pounds yes I need your entire hand I've
changed my mind I need your finger ready
okay let me like stretch around a bit
there we go you see you ready okay oh
really feels like no Zoe focus yeah
every one of that comment to Kara is
pretty pretty shocked right now
everyone's going by they like edit in
the comments to say Morgan now they're
getting shook next round I'm feeling
confident I'm good no no Kara Kara
though the appropriate blindfold yeah
that's just not an appropriate blindfold
okay got a minute to think
take your time take your time you're
gonna need it if you're gonna cheat
you're gonna try and catch me out get in
between your elbow like that like that
final guesses it that is it that
following us
what hey it was your what oh my god I
don't even think I thought is either
that or your mouth like wit final round
on the wrong side around ya actually is
the final round is to decide in round
okay boys and girls final round right
now the score is currently neck-and-neck
someone's gotta win and someone's gonna
lose to ever wins and whoever loses is
about to be the side that gets rides the
prizes you get to tweet from the other
person's account I just made that up
right now but even me hey you ready okay
let's go you're up okay okay we need a
good blindfold for this I'll need a
quick flipping by for with something
ain't gonna come on let's just deck
Ewing more expensive clothing just thank
you
boys and girls no is no fee for it what
you so see forever
yeah expensive clothing that's not made
good rifles you see for it now like
you're not okay boys and girls this is
not the time for playing around this is
where it all gets serious the final
round the decider boys and girls ladies
and gentlemen golf wishes and grand dogs
let's look and do this I'm gonna go for
the pay attention to one point
is your what time should I follow gas
which tow father guess his big toe yeah
yeah it was big too I thought you're
gonna get wet it would have more dry
skin on it and I start your work - nope
I don't miss myself oh no boys and girls
it all comes down to this
give me a blindfold I'm going for the
bar again it's not even your decision
I'm going to the bra this one's gonna be
kind of hard because um I haven't got
much to work with but we're gonna go
over come on probably nothing you've
ever felt before I know it is I know it
is it's your cheek don't mess with the
king what you go rest yeah what no
mm-hmm it wasn't your cheek
whilst you think it'd take place gonna
be stupid
voters lost that Louise take a now boy I
just lost mark sticking out
oh then well looks like your twin for my
accountant I can't go look in I'm gonna
sit back and just cry and it's gonna sit
back and just think of all the horrible
disgusting things you could tweet out
all my wonderful subscribers are gonna
see and think what the fuck is this just
please don't screw me Cara I don't want
to know
my life was just going down wild boys
and girls this is not flute banger it's
your video finger-banging pavement
nobodies replied if a second no one
cares about you hi well that's what I'm
gonna wrap this one up boys and girls
the energy has just flown out the
flippin window like this starts so well
the Energy's gone because realistically
I went into this challenge thinking like
you know I've touched many female bodies
so many like in the thousands so like I
thought I had loads of experience but
apparently I don't apart I done what a
boob feels
I'm very disappointed myself to be
honest but guys nevertheless if you've
enjoyed remember to go down there as
well that subscribe button and gently
tap gently very gently guys thank you
all so much for watching as she said if
you new smash that subscribe button
gently tap the like button and comment
down below what you thought this video
and why don't you want me to do with
Keira thank you also to watching and as
always I bring more she's been through
you guys have been awesome I'll see you
in the next video if you enjoyed this
video then remember to subscribe mugsy's
channel and don't forget to leave a like
you can have an impedance thanks for
watching
