okay wait we've made the time um okay
we've got him mr. Joe Oh mom it's it's
very secure what's happening what's
happening what's happening hello guys
and Wow facebook Messenger thanks a lot
for that hello guys welcome back and
thank you for clicking on this video hey
okay okay that was a little bit better
no today started off pretty standard for
me I woke up like two hours ago and you
probably thinking morgs what did you do
in the two hours since you woke up
absolutely nothing I just rolled around
in bed and just listened to music like I
don't know if that's just me or if I'm
just a weirdo but I never get out of bed
as soon as I wake up I always just roll
around in bed and just like think about
how much I'd rather be sleeping but
anyway I'm getting a little bit off
topic today's video is gonna be an
absolute banger it's gonna be literally
a blast because today's video is going
to be all about booger which means I
should probably go down and say good
morning to him hey you look really good
this morning
I was talking to Pogo
we're gonna be lifting in the air with
balloon challenge we're gonna be doing a
helium balloon dog floating challenge
pull gotta say hey Pogo Hey
so yes ladies and gentlemen today's
video is going to be all about this
little boy right here and all honesty
though guys he's actually grown a little
bit since we first drove up I don't know
if you can tell but we should have
probably done this a little bit ago he's
quite happy right now
but I can still gave him one hand about
like a little bit it just runs in the
house not more than it's a tradition
apart from you well guys there is just
one thing I need to let you know about
before this video continues ladies and
gentlemen I am currently giving away a
brand flippin new iPhone 7 this is
literally been out for like a few weeks
I don't even have wait hold on did I say
iPhone 7 take two ladies and gentlemen I
am giving away right now a brand new
iPhone 8 these things have been out for
like two weeks I literally I'm still
used in the stepper but I thought hey
what's more important me or you guys and
of course is you guys I flip in love you
guys and if you want to be in the chance
of winning this iPhone 8 then leave a
like on this video down below smash a
thumbs up and also subscribe to the
channel there are two things you have to
do leave a like subscribe and comment
down below saying why you should win
this iPhone 8 because there's a lot of
people entering so tell me why you think
you deserve it hey mom hey what are you
doing Oh what is that supposed to mean
I'm taking the dog field wait what do
you mean nothing I'll be interested in
but you don't walk tops Margot you don't
walk ducks
yeah mommy it's never too late can I
come walk yeah and the dogs yeah yeah
you've got a girlfriend now you want to
walk the dogs it's just all too much oh
it's mrs. emotional I need to ring
somebody and tell them what's one walk
than before more can you happens
I don't more pulled over for my walk
Bruno before just Morgan when just
remind me of that one occasion like a
year ago
are you okay Morgan you feel comfortable
know what to do just kind of just walk
just go no no no towards not towards the
car away from the house no don't let go
of the dog you said just walk more um
I'm gonna send you back in if you don't
behave right just keep hold of them
whatever you do don't let go and walk
whoa what with them but don't let go of
them do it that way oh Jesus more you
just said whoa watch the field we're
going that right no no mummy legs bloody
caught up here well this is nobody were
you'll get paid it off for this okay I
understand the technique now I'm getting
it mom I'm understanding hold on guys I
think I think there's something we need
hold on before we continue I think we
need the puppy walking cinematics
is this how you walk your dog mom this
is official dog walk in with a wildly in
your arms though cuz we've got some big
stir in the coldest air wow this is
intense walking right here intense dog
walking you want put your one little
push on this you fallen mom no hard
feelings about that right I thought you
said push me faster no you often pull go
you're gonna you're gonna come I don't
think you quite understand the steps
here why did we bring more good
alright then mom where are we going then
in the whip
we're getting some balloons but why are
we getting balloons very
no no let's get in the whip let's get
some balloons and let's send that little
fluff ball to space okay boys and girls
we've just arrived at the destination
we've ordered like how many months
twelve helium balloons from this card
shop mum's gonna go collect them it's
gonna be late let's do it oh my god for
the love of whatever is this Oh buddy
oh my oh my god I've never seen
something more embarrassing in my entire
life thank you very much you can get
them all in it's all of them
I guess the background for these shots
is pretty cool right now look at that
boys and girls if we're gonna come out
in a car you know there's only one place
we're gonna go of course it's gonna be
Custer my favorite place yeah boys and
girls we've just got home but look at
that we've got a Starbucks we've got a
bag we've got a cup holder we've got a
flippin coffee and ice cream a coke and
I'm on it's just wrong Morgan this is
just like we've gone for a drive and
it's just a picnic we just end up having
a picnic
once we fire you did have a cheeseburger
a small one and I feel a bit better for
that it's kind of settled my sickness if
I'd have had a double one or some fries
it would have completely cured me I
think you just want us some food oh yeah
just not enough okay boys and girls
we've got all the balloons we've tied
them all together down here what we're
gonna do right now is wait for Martin so
we can get on the camera then me and mum
are gonna test out if these balloons
will send Pogo into space because
walking him you know as my first time
walking him alien between me and you
guys it was a little bit like I don't
now don't do that again
it was overrated so I think your boy the
boy pool games got to go into space boys
and girls you may as well call me buddy
Pennywise the clown because I've got all
my balloons you'll float too
would you like a balloon
oh gee I've got blooms down in my well
if you get the joke then that's cool
well guys I'll come back to you in about
15 minutes when it's home yeah oh my
lord guys it's gonna be harder than we
thought the balloon drop ha ha ha there
are a bloody mud walls booked out are
you excited little boy
ok boys and girls I think it's time we
start this whole entire experiment it is
the can you send your dog into space
using helium balloons experiment we have
one two three four five six seven eight
nine ten
I think helium balloons actually comment
down below how many helium balloons
there is because I can't be bothered to
count amongst you can't either it's a
way we can get the comments or so yes me
and mom are gonna try and send little
boy poor girl into space he's got to go
more bear up there I've heard Mars is
pretty nice so Pogo you can experience
Mars should subscribe right now if
you're new remember to smash a like on
the video and let's flip in do this okay
wait
we've made the time um oK we've got him
it's very secure it's very secure oh my
god
what do you mean he's his way it took
off I told you wishing to donate I
thought it was video took off yeah wait
were you just what how I just boom
can you see anywhere get the car get the
car just jokey motherfuck how can you be
so shoot me don't talk to me you believe
it dude I sit down look either you shoot
your video here what was it like on the
tree pukka what was it like it was good
it was he wants to go again what it no
Peugeot called hell bro you know we'll
get your socks is not the time for jokes
No why is it that every time I use this
camera there's always stuff all over the
lens like get off my flippin lens bro
okay boys and girls I just got ready I'm
in my denim jacket like this is a pretty
rare occasion I don't usually wear the
denim jacket but your boy your boy
pulled it out right now
that's because right now I'm off out
with my dad I haven't seen him in a
little while you guys haven't seen him
in a little while and I think he needs
to get roasted so I'm gonna roast our
tonight because he needs a lo he needs a
good roasting oh my god is that the big
diode sense buddy favor she's like 10k
on 12 look at him
12.4 she knows he knows it to the
exactly the tree what do you think of
the hair at the moment I'm thinking I do
seriously seriously what we tried to
like question yeah I do
why do you think I never hair I think
you look great and look at look at that
do you want me to answer that question
yeah honestly yes it's terrible
no it just is terrible what do you mean
look at the flow on that side and then
that sound what do you mean it's like
it's like like a hat that's the juice
record describe it's like you know it's
like it's like a wig imagine you bought
away for a sharp-eyed you were born the
movie they just plunked it on and it
don't even look like it fits perfectly
it's blowing it's just like waving hello
clothes backwards but then it falls
forward is looks swag don't sleep on
square look these haven't you know
you've got like a cone shape you have
okay well goodbye
so Christine oh so good so crispy I've
just been sick Jamie and it's I'm
talking about your forehead hahaha look
at this dude look at his hair Oh
all right and tea mugs I tell you what I
do love me a big fat juicy steak but
whoa I am very full right now
like I even joke in my belly I'm feeling
pretty flippin full right now guys let
me know if you enjoyed the little skit
we did earlier with the dog don't worry
guys wouldn't actually send him to space
if you can't tell already it was just a
little bit of a joke however if you got
full buyers out leave a like on the
video and also remember to subscribe to
the channel if you're new because if you
want to enter the iPhone 8 giveaway
leave a like and subscribe and comment
down below why you think you should win
that's what you got to do also guys I'm
off to London again tomorrow so remember
to tune back onto the channel tomorrow
at 6 p.m. for some more dope video is
coming your way and thank you all so
much for watching this video I love you
all so much I hope to see you back here
tomorrow at 6 p.m. for another video
guys as always I've been mold you guys
been awesome and I'll see you in my next
video peace out
if you enjoyed the video then remember
to subscribe to mug this channel and
don't forget to leave a like if you have
a big penis thanks for watching these
are boots
