you've got to do it well I haven't I
don't see why I have to do it would you
lost the beyblade battle mom yeah I
never mentioned cinnamon in the
challenge I did know what's doing it
I'll just go you got to do it mom last
time I did it I ended up been sick for
about three hours I have to be going
3 2 1
it looks like you stole something you've
grown why you have no got ready now
you're gonna feel like a wet face or
something don't you think I should have
it all done right the color hello guys
and today with my with an old-school
malt challenge video today your boy is
going head-to-head with you girl in an
old-school more forfeit challenge today
we'll teamed up with Hasbro to bring you
a little bit crazy challenge this time
we're gonna be bowing out with these
brand new beyblade burst toys now if I
had to sum up this video in two words I
would say freaking awesome it's gonna be
a really really full one now there is
really really high stakes for this video
the forfeits are on a new level that
we've never done before
I haven't actually told the bobbies yet
she is not looking very excited so in
this video we're gonna do five
individual beyblades battles with five
individual forfeits we're gonna start up
easy and they're gonna get progressively
worse the first four feet for the first
beyblade battle is going to be a tweet
from the other person's accounts the
second forfeit is going to be flicking
Martin's bald head on camera ah okay
it's nice in humiliation I don't know
what is my what you got to say about
this
what's wrong in my bowl there yeah I
mean I mean the third forfeit is going
to have to be a table
spoon of coffee that would be okay for
me well if you think that will be okay
the fourth or fifth is it oh no no no no
no not having that one what no even if I
lose I'm not doing a cinnamon one and
the fifth for the grand finale is going
to be getting drenched with a book of
water on camera oh five beyblade battles
five forfeits this video is gonna be a
crazy one
okay guys so just before we start the
challenge I want to tell you all about
how our old words and also a huge shout
out Hasbro for sponsoring this video I
think it makes more sense to show them
battle yeah let's do it
so as you can see we've got five
different styles of play by in here all
in different colors shapes and sizes
there's absolutely loads of
customization options there's over
10,000 actual customization options for
these beyblade
so my question here is which one are you
gonna go with for this warm-up bust all
yeah well I don't know what I'm just
drawn to the orange one I mean I like oh
yeah so the way the baby bottles work is
you attach your Beyblade right here as
you can see she's got her as attached
and then right here we have the arena a
bunch of different arenas but this is
what we have today and then you spin
your Beyblade both at the same time and
whoever stays spinning for the longest
wins that's what we're gonna be playing
today are you ready yeah and count us
down three two one sure okay
thank goodness that was the Walmart so I
can see the obvious a little warm about
there you can play beyblade with all
your friends obviously you guys know I
don't have any friends so I just have to
go with my mom because you know she's
kind of a friend
oh really no no no okay you've offered
me food you said you took me out for a
meal if I do this I'm basically paying
it to be my friend at this point but
there's also a really cool beyblade ads
where you can also play your Beyblade
virtually through your phone I'll show
you about that right now
buzzing see there's a beyblade first up
right here which you can play with your
friends where you can customize your own
beyblade spinner and you can obviously
have your very own battles
okay I'm launching I'm launching that
wasn't the best that wasn't the best
let's hope I can be a bit better than
that once we get going one come on come
on oh okay I've gone for have gone for
it oh wow round lost ladies and
gentlemen so far played two beyblade
bowels unlost each one so it's not going
very well to be too far but right now
we're gonna get started with the
challenge mistakes are going to get high
and hopefully I could get a little bit
better because there hasn't been the
best start the morgues now that's
available right now and if you want more
details on beyblade when you can get the
wake and get them they'll be links in
the description but mom are you ready
you ready yeah let's go okay mom so rich
what are you picking
orange mrs. roat oh we can we ride okay
ladies and gentlemen this is the first
battle the fourth on this one is of
course we give them the other person's
account three two one
the orange one and that one was
acclaimed brilliant it was only the
fucking doctor it's still doing it oh
yes ladies and gentlemen I get the tweet
for mums account whatever I want
ok guys here we go Twitter you tweet ok
know of something bogan please don't be
too nasty
ok you ready 3 2 1
tweets so Marty's just refused to
cameraman thought of my videos give me
my glasses I can't really today so
Martin just refused to cover them for
one of my videos is it bad that I wanted
people saying we love Baldy poor mine's
not good enough for the Queen guys I
really need to get some revenge now so I
think we move on to number two yeah I'm
gonna go from you 1 I'm gonna go for the
purple because I believe I believe in
the purple do you feel me guys okay guys
the holidays licking my bald head - oh
my god oh my god
whatever you ready move got you a big
all all the way across nobody wants to
see that one oh my mr. right this is a
grown-up thing to do okay guys the score
of the moment is to nil to me we're
moving on to the coffee and tablespoon
of coffee but what you say is it can't
be worse than sweaty Boulder okay well
let's do this I'm gonna go for this one
never cleared it's clear right well
let's do it let's do it I love without
ya
- okay all you have to do inside ha ha
oh please companies my goodness okay
about ten minutes later I swear that I
spoke of all the worst things I've ever
done but for the next one it's not
likely getting me better because now
moving on to cinnamon I come I come I
can't leave you back you better get your
Beyblade skills on next level because
cinnamon is on the line right now
the purple
I used the blue right now Martin will
you do it for me
can I can I last multi to do it for me
this does not work you've got to do it
more
I haven't I don't see what I have to do
it would you lost the beyblade battle
mode yeah I never mentioned cinnamon in
the challenge I did know was doing it
all just don't do it you gotta do it mom
last time I did it I ended up in sick
for about three hours I have to be sick
again three two one
oh come on you okay oh you oh you are
you angel
oh yeah this is cruel sent it to old
people it's this girl's own people Mia
where's old people oh no oh is that mom
give asshead oh really ready for the fun
never do
again I'm never doing it again if you
don't were there you're getting drenched
with a bucket of water the stakes have
never been higher start going straight
for that I'm gonna go for my boys a
purple hue don't be cruelty to me okay
but are you ready
the grand finale guys drop a light right
now if you're new subscribe comment down
below who you think is gonna win
comment down below who thinks winning
the grand finale are you ready 3 2 1
okay so I guess it's time to do the
forfeit for the grand finale let's go
okay guys for the grand finale mommy's
just filled an ice-cold bucket of water
go in the end was free to me if the two
to you so you did still technically lose
and I'm still technically the better
beyblade Bauer but I've got to do the
final forfeit the grand finale
so guys remember to like the video
subscribe if you're new and take it away
mom
well guys that serves him right for the
cinnamon wonks is still coming down mine
oh my god boy guys that was the beyblade
challenge right there
me versus from the final score was free
to two blocks book I don't feel like I'm
really winning anything right now I
don't look like I am either if you want
to find out any more information about
the beyblade spinners where you can get
them how much they are more of our work
more about the app download the app all
that stuff there'll be links in the
description and a huge shout-outs at
Hasbro for sponsoring this video but I
am literally I'm dying right now so I
need to get this out oh don't great guys
thank you all so what you're watching I
really appreciate it shout out to all
the team all the guys are legends and
hustle boys I've been mugged who is very
very cold right now you guys have been
flippin awesome and I'll see you in
behind thanks video peace out
