guys what the flip what the flip the
football guys it's 5:30 a.m. I've just
turned the lights off my phone she's
gone she's what that's literally her can
you see dude she is literally right just
got me she's good oh my god
hello team olds welcome back to another
video and thank you for clicking I
actually kind of like that you know like
a potential new intro right there so
guys today's video is going to be an
absolutely awesome one it's gonna be
like an old school boards video because
the challenge king is back today your
boy is going to be taking on another
overnight challenge and this one is
gonna change the game because it's gonna
be in my mum's new car now let me
explain to you what's gonna be going
down in this video okay so as you know
in this video I'm gonna be taking on an
overnight challenge and as you know it's
gonna be in my mom's brand new car
however one thing I know for a fact is
that mom wouldn't be too happy with me
doing this challenge like she is low-key
being very protective of her new car I
mean she already loves it more than me
so the way this challenge is gonna work
is later tonight I'm gonna sneak off
into mom's car and I'm gonna do this
challenge without her even knowing about
it oh my god so yes guys this video is
gonna be an absolute flipping banger I
cannot wait but before we do anything
we've got something else which is super
exciting to go do I'm gonna go right now
head off to my local shopping center
with mom in the new car and pick up one
of the brand new iPhones to give away to
one of you guys who wanna pee mugs
that's right I said in one of my other
videos if you guys can smash me 20,000
likes I will give away a new iPhone and
you guys freakin dinner charm up right
now to go get an iPhone to give away to
one of you legends watching the video
right now because I freaking love you
guys hey move oh boy oh just make open
no bullets someone yeah yeah we're gonna
get better we'll get the new iPhone and
then you go oh excuse me poses Uzi bugs
hey buddy how are you how are you buddy
hey hey hey we'll go hello you oh yes
hello hello pugs what do you guys think
about the giveaway you guys excited are
you gonna be entering well if you guys
win then I'll be pretty fun ain't
calling mama do the transitioning free
too no that's not good thing it's love
100 company together
Volvo I was just just having a quick
conversation with the car nothing
nothing
okay so we're just pulling into
Meadowhall right now where we're gonna
get the iPhone from mom has just raised
a really good question I've actually
wanted to ask you guys about what should
she call the car or what should we call
the car you know it's blue he's big it's
arranged like is there any names that
come into your mind I was thinking maybe
like the M&M 'mobile white Morgan month
or like just and just something about
the RAM because like mom
Maud's Martin M yeah Bob I'm saying well
guys leave comments on this video and
also go over to her channel and leave a
comment saying what you think we should
call this also tweet us all that was in
the description all that but yeah we're
pulling him right now we're gonna go get
the iPhone whip we found the Apple shop
I'm just looking at the mall right now I
think I'm gonna go for an 8 but I want
to figure out which color you think's
best I'm gonna ask mom suit on reason
she thinks is the bad
I will put you under a lot of pressure
so I think there's about four cores so
the first one one first one is this
right here so this is like all right I'm
not sure it's like hey just like rose
gold I think more like the girly one I
think yeah and then you've got this one
which is silver
I don't know who would want silver it
just seems kind of boring to my opinion
I've never had a silver phone it just
kind of seems like Silver's just like
silvers just not as good as gold and
then the one I think I'm going to get
because this is one that I'd won if I
was getting this mom the black yeah it's
kind of like grey and I feel like that a
lot like my won over the moment if I can
actually get it is what it's my favorite
color so I think I'm gonna get that one
guys you know just bumped into some
subscribers here okay guys just finished
up an apple I decided to go with this
why was the right here
68 gigabyte brand new came out like a
few weeks ago black because that's the
best color
everybody loves black phones and I'm
gonna be giving this away really really
soon it's gonna start right now guys I'm
gonna set it all off it's gonna be crazy
not the way you win the brand-new iPhone
eight is by number one subscribing to
the channel you have to be subscribed
you can't win without being subscribed
to the channel so go out there and leave
a subscribe right now if you're not
already number two you have to like the
video this one is really important guys
thumbs up the video I just bought like a
$1000 iPhone all on my own money this
isn't responsive giveaway this isn't
anyone else's help
this is just me to you guys because I
love you guys and also very soon I'm
gonna get a link in the description so
took with loads of other ways you can
enter but for now just leave a like and
subscribe to the channel to win this
brand-new iPhone and since the other one
went down so well loads of you guys got
involved in that and I thought why not
do another one for you guys with one of
the brand new iPhones guys subscribe to
the channel right now leave a like on
the video and then leave a comment down
below saying if you want to win and why
you want to win the new iPhone leave a
comment saying why like the video and
subscribe
then you're good but mom what we're
doing right now we're gonna go to my
kids we need new toilet
meatballs meatballs boys and girls just
pulled off at the new IKEA in Sheffield
now Cena Sheffield
it's kind of like my country you know
Sheffield is my country England is my
city I feel like this is like you know
like my my I can I do feel this is like
my thing so if you want me to do a
challenge in this idea maybe in
overnight maybe hide-and-seek maybe for
his lava let me know in the comment
section below and leave a like so me and
mom got the exact same food except for
one difference she didn't get any green
beans should our green tea should have
staff to Malta's example yo so I just
finished filming a video or for my mom's
channel it was a really deep Q&A loads
of deep questions glass loads of troops
were revealed I kind of got moved off a
little bit I'm not gonna lie by mugged
off mom a bit too so it was worth it and
I be our mom's channel probably right
now if not about a little bit subscribe
to if you want they'll be a link in the
description but basically we shut the
dogs I need to be quiet basically what's
happening right now is I am going to
footballs gonna have a kicker on my
friends for a few hours and then after
that it will be about like 10 when we
finish so that is when one will probably
be going to bed and we can get this
challenge started I'm really excited I
cannot wait it's going to be crazy leave
like if you're excited that's like a
dislike leave a like if you're excited
subscribe if you're new let's flip in do
this okay boys and girls it is now that
time of the video I am so flipping
excited right now no I didn't want to
get Martin cameraman in this but I think
I'll be better if I don't tell either of
them because I don't know how reliable
really is mine these days no everyone's
just a little bit untrustworthy so I
just thought hey why not tell anybody
why don't tell mom what or not tell mine
and then let's just let's just let's
just do it so right now it is midnight
Maura Martin are asleep in bed and I am
about to do well I'm so professional I'm
about to do the overnight challenge in
my mum's flippin car her new car that
she has only had for like a few days I'm
about to sleep in it overnight without
her knowing
and it's probably gonna be one of the
craziest videos I have ever done guys
drop a like right now subscribe if on
you this is gonna be flipping crazy but
obviously there's a few things I need to
do you know we can't just go into this
right now we need to prepare a little
bit we need to get supplies you need to
get items we need to get stuff which is
gonna keep us entertained we need to get
stuff where we can pee we need to get
places to sleep things to sleep in
things to eat
warmth shelter clothing everything we
need to plan a lot
starting with food no I'm not
necessarily too hungry today so I don't
want to get a whole lot of stuff however
I really do fancy a banana for some
flippin reason so let's put that down oh
I also would not mind a bag of crisps
crispy fries what does hey look like
what we going here what we got in here
oh my lord we have got a lot of flippin
stuff in here I'm okay you know I'll let
you be moving on to the fridge of
goodness the fridge is where the real
stuff goes down oh my lord we have got a
lot of stuff in here I'm thinking we go
for one of these yogurts because I tell
you these are actually the nicest things
ever they're literally just like bloody
yogurt drinks but they're so good this
is actually fairly healthy we've got
y'all going a banana this is like not
like me at all talking about that
yeah I think we should I think we should
just go for some chocolate because as I
said it's not like me at all your boy
loves this chocolate huh oh my god we've
got a bottle of black water no clue why
we still have some of this stuff but
it's black water and it's better than
normal water so we're gonna go for that
as well
and then finally one more thing one
thing to top off the entire food and
drink section it's gonna be a flippin
fruit shoot yeah you nailed it poor guys
just been watching me this entire time
like what the flip are you doing pull go
I'll be back I promise
so yeah I'm gonna come back down here in
a minute and pour this in a bag but
before that I need to get some more
supplies okay so I just magically
teleported upstairs to the bedroom
obviously that's the food and drink side
done but I need some stuff which is
gonna keep me entertained you know what
I'm saying I can't just go into this
with just fooling I got just eat food
for like the entire night
I want some flippin stuff to do now I've
got my phone on me which is basically
gonna be the main thing I do I probably
just FaceTime someone or something
because you know your boys got loads of
friends now I'm moving up in life I've
got like two friends dabbe yeah yeah
everything's good but as well as that
there's probably a few things we need
first thing we need is a Google Play
voucher why do we need that you ask so I
can scratch off right now on the blog
and someone can win it haha this
channels all about being nice and giving
stuff away so on person who wants an
Android voucher freakin go ahead and
grab it bro I believe in you you can get
there and get it but leave a like on the
video too because your boy needs some
wives I just gave you some money so
we've got food we've got drinks we've
got up my up my mind my phone we've got
my camera what else do we need we need
earphones luckily your boys got the air
pods this is my third pair of air pods
right my third flippin pair so I mean I
better not lose these oh we need a
charger because my phone is not very
good with charged anyone who has an
iPhone those they flip and die in like
two minutes
so I need my portable charger wherever
it is I can't find it oh yeah another
thing we need is my bandana so if anyone
thinks I'm robbing the place or trying
to break anything I can just put it on
and then be hidden see it works if
anyone comes and thinks I'm trying to
take it I'll just put this on and then
haha you can't see me like John Cena up
in this okay I think boys and girls eyes
everything I'm just looking around see
if there's anything else we need but I
think it's cool I don't think we need as
much preparation for this one since we
are gonna be in a car so we've got a lot
of warm
we don't need blankets or anything we're
all good however one thing we do need
and of which you just thought of this a
wallet you have seen this is a challenge
of okay now I seriously look as if I'm
gonna rob the car I should maybe take
that down yeah that's better
guys this is the start of operation
overnight car challenge let's go
downstairs gather up the supplies and
let's do this okay boys and girls I've
just gone to the toilet for the last
time as you can see I'm in my hole right
now I've just looked downstairs and I'm
kind of nervous a few things that I'm
nervous about before going into this
chat
number one if a neighbor sees me they
may think I'm trying to break into the
car or they may be alarmed and they may
call mom or just call the police or
something which is kind of concerning so
I need to lay low I need to go at the
car now if I on seeing let's do it
of course you boys got off the Yeezys on
at all times so I think these right here
are the keys and they've got a house
Killman to which is good there we go it
goes nothing boys and girls here goes
nothing
oh man it's a dark night wow that is
creepy that is actually creepy there's
no one out right now okay how do I do
this how do I do this I need lie on your
life oh we good Oh boys and girls were
in we've done it if I got a new y okay I
can put that on okay that is gonna be my
only source of light for today
I can put my mom's side on too okay
there we go we've got two sources of
light for the entire thing whoa
we're good it starts now time check time
check time check it is literally bang on
midnight that is crazy
it's little it's just gone bang on
midnight so I guess the overnight
challenge starts right now
wow this is pretty creepy I'm just gonna
stay in my own little bubble and just
try and just block myself out from the
outside world
I'm low-key pretty freaked out right now
it's not like I'm anywhere weird or
anything but it's just the whole idea of
like I'm I'm in a car it's light and a
lot of weirdos are this time well you
know I'm a bit of a weirdo you know I'm
saying and I'm out at this time like
these hours are only for the people that
are weird the people that are doing
overnight challenges in cars like this
is for the weird people this is weird
time right now so yeah what I'm gonna do
is I don't know if you guys can see much
here but I'm gonna move the back which
is by my feet I'm gonna move I'm gonna
put it on mum's side obviously the light
is gonna be an issue but if it gets
really bad your boy can pull out the
torch apparently I can't someone's snap
shot your boy can dump your boy can pull
out a torch there we go so this is kind
of the surroundings right now as you can
see I've got a house up there to the
left of me I'm obviously just like go
Road it's a pretty busy road and I've
got my bag there the back actually it
actually has a bike so maybe that's why
I might have just
later on because this is pretty tight
obviously what I can do is like okay
there we go
so that's as far as it will go I've got
this so what I can do is I can be like
oh man that's pretty comfy I ain't gonna
lie that is actually pretty comfy like I
fully think I could probably sleep like
this which is actually pretty dope so
yeah well guys one of the main problems
with these challenges is I can't film
all of it obviously but I'm gonna come
back to you when something next happens
with guys this is the surroundings at
the moment I've got my light in there
got two lights here I've obviously got
my seat all the way back and yeah guys
this is actually going down drop a like
right now and subscribe if you're new
for more crazy stuff like this this is
going down and it's lit this flip boy
okay guys um kind of unexpected clip
right now I didn't really expect to be
making this but um it's actually been
about an hour since I lost them last
came back to you I mean I guess since
this thing started what basically
happened is I put on some music like
Spotify and apparently I just fell
asleep but like I could have probably
fell asleep a little bit longer that
would have been good one thing that is
good that I've noticed is I can get
Wi-Fi from the house obviously the house
is right there so that is definitely a
good thing it's just a shame the line
isn't great I'm like literally using off
like my phone right now I guess this is
yeah this is how it actually is it's
pretty doglike I don't want it I mean if
it was light it wouldn't really be an
overnight challenge because it's not a
little I&I is it but yeah the first
thing I'm gonna do right now let me get
some light in open this up in this place
ah oh that's bad on the eyes what I'm
gonna do right now is reach for a drink
because I'm low-key dying right now
at first so I've gone from II bloody
black water God knows why it's black I
don't know I still have some bottles of
this it's probably cuz I don't drink it
but ah it just tastes like water
apparently even though it's 151 right
now someone else is apparently awake
Cara's apparently awake so yeah
apparently I'm going on FaceTime for a
little bit however big problem guys
we've ran into our first
a problem right now and I'm not as
likely making the situation better by
FaceTime in someone but my phone is
currently on 14% for flipping teen and
it's like half one the problem is I
can't leave the car because as soon as I
leave the car the challenge is over
so like I'm flipping out what the flip
do I do
I don't have a flippin clue I'm gonna
have to like you know yo if my 5th my
charge starts to die while gonna
FaceTime like really really fast
I'm just have to cook care of I'm sorry
if you're watching this but you know I
need my charge for the rest of the night
because it's literally 152 right now and
I'm on 14% however I'm gonna get
something to eat because I'm fuckin
hungry so first thing do we Oh God not
the way you peel a banana yeah it still
tastes pretty good I'm not the line I'm
not gonna flip in line for those free 20
a.m. guys my phone is literally on 11%
I've no clue how its held up this well
shout out to iPhones they're actually
apparently quite good it's to keep in
charge for some reason let me ask you a
question okay I've got read you what
food I've got and you've got to answer
which one you think I should get okay
bring french fry crisps a yogurt drink
yeah yes I want I look you wanted you
say that okay girl 3:20 a.m. still going
strong I'm on them yogurt drinks and
that water daph let's go hey dudes is
literally time is it right now it's
literally 4:41 right now I just got off
FaceTime like 20 minutes ago
and then like chilled for a little bit
my phone is on 4% which is terrible so
I'm like staying off it FaceTime kind of
drained my phone a lot I was on it for a
little while I'm not gonna lie but this
we've ran into another problem guys and
this one is kind of a reoccurring
problem I need to wee so what I'm gonna
have to do is finish all of this and
then just like do it in the ball I mean
I don't see any other option I could do
out the window but that's a little bit
messy I could do it in the corner of a
car but can that's a little bit messy
gonna do what you got to do these
okay okay my trousers are down okay wait
let me try and I've got the bottle can
this is this gonna okay we got it guys
we got it three two one
okay we're good oh yeah that's it that's
it that's it that's it
oh oh no the ball fell
oh god it's going everywhere no oh my
lord
oh I'm sorry let me know the bottle the
bottle Oh God let me just put that in
the side right there uh-oh no let me Oh
Oh God
guys what the flip what the flip of the
football the football the football the
flip what the footballs fits guys it's
5:30 a.m. I've just turned the lights
off my phone she's gone
she's what is that oh my oh my god she's
gone she's gone
what what she's she's oh my
she's oh my god she's taking Bruno walk
I guys it's by ferry right now my phone
is dead I've literally just been sighted
try get to sleep and mom's literally
just gone out with Bruno she walks him
early but I don't think she wants my
5:30 oh my god I've got so many
questions
that's literally her can you see dude
she is literally right Oh bleep she's
got me she's cool oh my god I can't get
down I've got get down
no no no no I'm doing a challenge
overnight Oh tell me we're doing one con
in the house I don't even know I don't
know no I'm doing my challenge I've got
to do with it get in the house now well
I mean it stop mom you couldn't make me
fail the challenge no no no Charlie if
my client side sorry fails if I'm sad
because it's morning it's morning
get out of the car now
no I'm completing it I'm completing it I
just don't know what to say I'm just
absolutely shattered I've got to get up
and get Martin some sandwiches ready but
I'll give my son would y'all give my
buddy some but you get him a sandwich
now God upset good all that weight by
the way of weed all over it well did you
yeah all right well men the dogs are
gone we in your bedroom that matures in
their burrows fed Olivia Wow we're all
fed Olivia well thanks for making me
lose another challenge mom Morgan we're
not bothered about your challenges I
just want to get back to bed okay guys
well that was the overnight in a car
challenge it kind of worked it kind of
didn't work I didn't really go right and
it kind of went a little bit wrong but I
mean did I complete the challenge or not
guys comment down below saying if you
thought I complete the challenge or not
it's currently 6 a.m. right now I went
in there about like midnight so does
that mean to complete it I don't know it
was technically an overnight challenge
but it did go why so that kind of means
I don't know if I did on art but guys
remember to smash a light on this video
scribe if you're new tell me what you
want me to do the next overnight
challenge in or where you want me to do
it follow all my other social media
twitter snatch and Instagram links are
in the description below and also get
some of my merch I would be wearing it
right now but it's currently in the wash
because I wore all day yesterday so I'm
yeah I'm kind of a little bit too much
but guys thank you all so much for
watching and as always I've been more do
you guys been awesome and I'll see you
in my next video peace out if you
enjoyed the video then remember to
subscribe to mug this channel and don't
forget to leave a like if you have a big
penis
thanks for watching
