okay so the real reason I broke my mum's
Honda Civic is because I yes yes you
yeah yes yes yes exactly see hello guys
and welcome back to another video and
today's video is gonna be really really
different now there's a lot on my mind
right now and I know for a fact there's
a lot on all of your minds I know for a
fact you're all excited for the video
tomorrow where I'm gonna reveal the real
reason why I did what I did to my mom's
car and then the truth behind this
entire thing but today we've got a lot
planned because what I'm gonna do in
today's video is revealed to some
special people the reason why so that
you guys can see their reactions so I
can kind of prove to you in a way that
number one I'm not lying about this
thing
and number two so I can build the
suspense of how I pick this video
tomorrow's gonna be so right now as you
can tell I'm currently in a trash tub
hotel room with Cara what's new it's
like this every time quick hotel room
tour we've got a sofa which isn't even a
soap anymore because she's just filled
the video well hey Jerry shorts on the
floor there's just stuff everywhere
we've got drinks over here to drinks
there and then to drinks there we
literally both had two drinks this
morning we're buddy notice running mad
one who needs alcohol we've got juice
look at carousel right here she
literally balanced her camera on a bin
using my card well isn't this just
bloody lovely this room is just it's in
prime position we've got bully stuff
absolutely everywhere not a clue how
we're gonna clean this the bed is just
an absolute state this entire room is
just a freaking stay as you can see it
Kira's wardrobe
really nice justice crumpled up on the
floor on the bloody hallway the bathroom
is absolutely next-level I mean when you
look at this just the cleanliness the
hygiene it's just next-level really I
think the moral of the story at this
point is just don't let me know hotel
rooms if any hotel people are watching
this the smart thing to do is just a ban
me from hotels because they don't
survive like these rooms are gonna be
literally permanently scarred but yeah I
haven't told you guys the main reason
why I'm recording today is because I
don't have a flippin clue what's gonna
happen because today I'm returning home
to see mom I'm Martin and this is gonna
be my first time seeing mom since the
videos gone live I'm in replying to
attacks or anything doesn't even text me
so that's probably not a good sign I'm
just gonna return home storm in you see
what's happening like my heart is racing
and also I'm pretty damn nervous I need
to like as soon as I get in like tell
Martin about what's going on because
he'll probably beat me out like I don't
know if you guys have seen mine
ignore the bald head he's got some big
frickin muscles like I'm not gonna lie
you know you do call me the submission
master but you know when you've got them
big strong arms and I can't do much
against that you know I'm saying it
could probably throw me through a wall
so like I've got to go in and like calm
him down
well yeah obviously Keira is the first
person that I wanna you know kind of
reveal this to she's been asking me
literally loads of questions about this
entire thing and I was like hold on
amazed I'll get on camera so first
question is so how much of the situation
do you know right now how much do you
know about what happened to my mom's car
um I heard it got kind of broken yes I
it badly broken like how much you know
about you did it and what the reason was
anything
oh okay I mean I should probably show
you a show you a video then and what I
done yeah probably
okay Kara I've got the video up just
just watch and evil I said what you
don't know and what nobody knows at this
point is the real reason why I did it
I do so obviously you haven't seen that
so you don't know the real reason why I
did it okay so the real reason I broke
my mum's Honda Civic is because I yes
yes you yeah physically yes yes yes yes
i CLE see and the real reason I broke it
was because I knew that if I didn't you
see see see guys trust me the video
tomorrow that will be all of your
reactions because there's a reason guys
just get ready for the video tomorrow 6
p.m.
everything will be answered honestly
guys you don't understand how much it's
literally killing me not being able to
tell you the real reason why because I
know that if I tell you and when I tell
you that it's gonna be the exact
response every single one of you has and
seeing you guys like get angry at me
just just wait and see guys I promise
you just wait and see tomorrow 6 p.m.
gonna be and just guys just wait and see
just trust me just wait I'm flippin see
okay so it's been a little while since I
did a gift card giveaway like I kind of
stopped them for a little while so today
what I'm gonna do I've just pulled up to
Sainsbury's guys unfortunately they
didn't have any iTunes one I don't know
if you could tell but I got a load of
Google play's and also what I'm gonna do
I'm gonna find a shop or just get some
online and get some iTunes ones as well
now it's been literally ages since I've
done like a gift card giveaway like and
obviously everybody loves a giveaway
like I loved a giveaway
you guys loves giveaways who doesn't
love giveaways if you want to win a gift
card of your choice I literally like you
pick any of the ones I got Google Play
iTunes all you have to do is leave a
like on this video and subscribe to my
channel thumbs up the video down below
subscribe to the channel these cars are
so noisy I'm trying to plug my giveaway
over here can you just give me a minute
cars leave a like subscribe and you can
win a giveaway that's all you got to do
and comment down below which gift card
you want okay guys so me and Kara just
sat down and got some food we just had
it literally the most average nachos
ever they tasted like iam buddy stale
chips awesome glad they were very very
bad but yeah right now Kara's got to go
I'm meeting Jack who's my manager who
you guys have seen a little bit wait I
care is going off right now cuz she's
got like 10 minutes to meet a train and
I'm just like you know I'm just like
dragging this out a little bit so she's
probably gonna miss it oh hey
okay wait do my transition in Burri
no it doesn't it doesn't wear like that
three two one
okay I have just literally teleported to
another food place but the other one
wasn't that good this one's actually
pretty nice we just had the starter
basically right now I'm with Jack now
judge basically what's about to happen
right now is you're about to get
basically question now how much of the
situation about mom's car do you know
about well Mugen I've just seen it you
uploaded two earlier and I just can't
understand why on earth you would do
that to your mum is done so you know
I've done it to mom okay okay right so
basically as they know as you may know
or may not know I'm alone a video
tomorrow revealing the reason why I did
it and the real reason why all this
happened but why I'm about today I'm
gonna tell you right now the reason why
the reason why I vandalize women's car
is because
yes yes you like no no no seriously
seriously marry turn off your I see who
now Judas my Wow and that's understand
why no wow for Michelle incoming Wow
yes exactly exactly so there is a reason
it was justified yes don't unsubscribe
from him yet guys Wow guys I tell you I
want to tell you what but it's gonna be
so much better when I show you tomorrow
6 p.m.
get ready guys there's a bombshell
incoming so guys I just literally
devoured a sea bass and I look down at
the plate right now
and this is what I see I'm not gonna lie
it's just it's like like that's a it's
an innocent fish and like you know I had
a line found a family it had kids and I
just know I think about it I just I just
don't know if they I just feel a little
bit ashamed or a little bit disappointed
I'm not joking it was really nice
okay boys and girls we've just finished
the food I'd start by giving it a solid
four out of five four out of five yeah
it's actually a fairly accurate
representation that's a fairly good rate
and I got a four out of five now there's
one problem that has kind of just
occurred now I was supposed to be
getting a train back home today
but normal one I do not want to go home
because my mom I don't want to go
anywhere near I like I don't want to see
her I don't want to touch other one I
don't want to be in the same area to
lose I'll probably end up getting bully
attacks especially Martin - I said
earlier I'm scared of his muscles and
I'm not alive I don't wanna go anywhere
near the guy and also my trains are
literally all canceled the only thing
that was available had to
Changez and one of them was a boss a
boss who the flip gets buzzers into
buzzes 17 like I've got a member the
last time I actually went on a boss so
yeah me and Jack are off to a new hotel
room right now god knows where we're
gonna end up but it's all been pretty
last-minute we're just in wandering
right now in the street it's pretty nice
but it's kind of cold at the same time
I'll update you guys soon okay so we
just went to get a taxi because our
hotel said it was a 13 minute walk away
and obviously a boy hasn't got the likes
for that we can to the Tykes they would
tell him I want to go and he says no
it's down the road you can just walk it
we say okay maybe the maps was just a
bit wrong we've been walking for a booty
how is I feel like I'm like walking like
America somebody knows a big river ocean
guys long story short taxi drivers
should show more respect because if my
legs are not clout for this type of
walking day
74 has been walking for weeks months
years okay boys and girls so we have
just pulled up to our hotel right now
like obviously we literally decided I
was sad were staying over like I swear
like ten minutes ago so we just went and
found like they're really cheap places
like 100 pound or something which is
like really cheap from London so we were
just expecting some like really shocking
my little nitti like hotel room if I
just keel over it single beds will
literally just bagged a flippin sick
room for like bargain price so I'm
feeling like this is probably better
than the one I stayed in with kara in
this video but cheaper so let me
actually show you guys I'm not just
gonna tell you they're not show you who
the flip does that okay so this is what
you come in right here to your left and
that's right wait yeah that is right
do you right you've got huge mirror get
left you've got a oh man that's actually
sick you got a free coat with the place
that's awesome let's check out the
bathroom guys no to be fair this is
actually like a dope flippin bathroom
you've got a sit down shower open
and you've got mirror so you will be
some white shower this is do the really
thick room what the hell you got a stink
you got so don't flip it so much you got
some cool you've got a malt
you've got way too more mirror you've
got a random pause and then you've got
some cow hangers winds brewing into the
main area you've got to flippin double
bed in a single room with two beds just
gross a few single bed you got to
flippin dual bed by that's pretty dope
your bedside table use object that a
pirate that comes free with the room I
don't know any really asked for in
breeze here so I mean you've got another
one you got a bed you got a new owner
there's no better table now so that's
awkward
you got a little table and a chair which
realistically no one's gonna sit in
because there's a bed like chair bed
sure bad I mean it's a flippin easy
choice then over here you've got a
frickin - look at that that's straight
out of Ikea now I'm joking it's not
because minibar and there's nothing in
it wow this is the first time I've
actually looked in that - so that's very
disappointing boy you've got some plug
don't get to make up for it with USBs
and you get a free phone we don't need
free phones it's an Android
I don't like Android and then you've got
TV to top it off a little Sun some
cheeky you got some free shoes that I
kicked in what do you mean and yes guys
the room guys just like going to pound I
mean I was actually a pretty decent
result like that is not too bad at all
so yeah that's the flippin result right
there
okay then guys so it's about 10 right
now basically what's happening tonight
obviously I'm staying over because
number one the main reason as I said I
kind of don't want to go home to mom
because I feel like that is not the best
thing to do I want to wait until the
surprise is our I just I don't really
want to be nearer to be honest I think
she sent me a few texts and I like I
just replied saying that I'm like safe
but yeah what's happening is I'm
probably gonna go home tomorrow and I've
got him I'm pretty scared I don't really
want to but I guess I'm gonna have to
and yeah guys all I'm saying is just if
you're still washing up at this point I
assume some of you have got the idea of
why I can't tell you a lot of you are
catching on to have seen in the comments
section but at the same time a lot of
you aren't
all I'm saying is if you're not just
everybody just everybody watching us
right now you have to tune in to the
video tomorrow 6:00 p.m.
everything will be answered it'll be the
best video probably I've ever learned on
my channel it'll be an absolute banger
guys don't miss it it's so important you
guys will not want to miss this one
but guys thank you all so much watching
this video if you're new here remember
to subscribe like the video and
subscribe and you'll be entered into a
gift card giveaway I just literally
bought loads today and I'm gonna go
tomorrow and buy loads of iTunes one so
that I can just start giving them away
to you guys who I see like in the videos
subscribing yeah it's gonna be good
well guys thank you so much for watching
and as always I've been more do you guys
been awesome and I'll see you in my next
video peace out if you enjoyed the video
then remember to subscribe to mugsy's
channel and don't forget to leave a like
if you have a big penis thanks for
watching peace out
