I need to get my stuff and get off to
London because one mom sees this I can't
be anywhere near the scene I need to be
in London
we did it
hello guys and welcome back to another
video now I know a lot of you will have
a lot of questions right now a lot of
you will probably want me dead
a la you're probably like already
spamming the dislike boil on this video
but I assure you if you watch to the end
of this video a lot of your questions
will be answered and all I'm saying is
guys it's watch this video all the way
to the end because there's a lot you
need to know now I'm current on the
train run after London a couple hours
after vandalizing my mum's car and I
understand a lot of you will have loads
of questions as to why I did it
what's wrong with me and all that stuff
and if you keep watching this video
everything will be answered because
there's a lot you don't know but right
now I'm kind of in the middle of a train
so I should probably get to the hotel
first okay your boy just checked into
the hotel just go to the left right now
we're gonna see the room for the first
time and then I can actually sit down
and explain to you what the hell is
going on because I know every single one
you're home wants to know oh wait wait
wait wait wait a second
BAM there we go yo okay okay okay we got
a line mirror we got a shower with some
wedbliss in see-through thing which is
gonna make me a little bit paranoid okay
okay you know what guys I'm gonna give
you a full tour later on but for now I
need to sit down because I know I don't
want to keep you guys wait and I know
every single one of you is just
screaming at me number one probably
calling me like the worst just son ever
but number two say Morgan what the flip
is going on so let me feel it flip and
tell you why he's flipping going on flip
flip flip okay okay this is seriously
gonna be one of the hardest sit-down
type videos I'm gonna ever make because
there's so much I want to tell you and
there's so much I need to tell you but
unfortunately I can't tell you
everything yet and I know that it's
gonna annoy so many of you but if you
just hear me out hear what I've got to
say and just give me a chance I promise
you guys you will regret saying whatever
you've been saying to me so far how
horrible I am and stuff don't worry
everything has a reason now just before
I give you more details there is
something I really need to ask you guys
and the first thing I need to do is take
off this flipping jacket because this
flipping hotel room is flipping boiling
okay so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
set you guys a challenge now one thing
about me that's changed in a way is that
I used to call myself you know the like
target King I would sell like target on
every video you guys would smash it and
recently I just haven't been saying the
like targets I've been forgetting and
the lives have been slacking
I'm say right now and I'm like hell nah
this needs to change so what I'm gonna
say is I'm gonna set the state as high
as they've ever been
ladies and gentlemen if we can smash
20,000 likes on this video then I will
give away a brand new iPhone I'm talking
almost 1,000 pounds worth of technology
I will give away almost a thousand
pounds to some of you guys and all you
guys have to do is team together and
destroy that like button I want 20,000
likes if you can give me them 20,000
likes I will give back to you guys in
the form of an iPhone now it's been it's
been a few weeks since the old iPhone
giveaway ended and you know I always
like to be giving back to you guys you
guys gave me so much so it's only fair
that I give back to all of you so I want
to stop a new giveaway but you know I
feel like I kinda I kind of need some I
need some likes guys my like ego needs
to be fed I want to see 20,000 likes on
this video if we can all team up and get
that that I will give you guys back an
iPhone and it will be the biggest
giveaway yet on my channel and also guys
one more thing if you're new here
remember to go down there and smash that
subscribe button so you do not miss the
giveaway when it comes leave a like
subscribe and you're good but we need to
get back to the topic of this video now
the first thing I'm gonna do right now
is show you guys the full clip of me
vandalizing destroying breaking whatever
you want to call it my mum's Honda Civic
this was early early early this morning
just as a sunrise she was in bed by the
time she saw it obviously I had already
gone on my way to London and it's still
really early right now and I just want
to warn you guys you'll probably see
this footage and you'll immediately hate
me more than you already do bye advise
you to please keep watching this video
because there's so much more you need to
know
so guys roll the footage okay boys and
girls right now I'm currently outside
it's pretty early in the morning mom and
Martina both asleep and I'm up I'm awake
and ready for what I'm about to do
basically right now or in a few moments
I'm about to
and destroy my mom's car and this isn't
clickbait this isn't a joke
in a few moments I'm gonna destroy my
mom's Honda Civic in a few moments I'm
going to destroy my mom's car that she's
been driving for about two years now the
reason why I'm afraid I cannot tell you
yet however it will all be explained
very very soon you may be watching the
video right now thinking what the hell
has gotten into Morgan has he lost his
mind like is he is he mental or
something like you know I'm pretty
mental always but like I've never done
anything like this before and no haven't
lost my mind I'm about to vandalize my
mom's car and there is a reason which
you will find out very very soon
looks like looks like it's time before
you all attack me in the comment section
and leave hey just remember there's a
reason to this it will all be explained
but right now I'm gonna go and vandalize
mom's car mom I'm sorry I know it'll be
watching this thinking what the hell has
gone into him just trust me when I say
mom everything will be explained very
soon and you will understand why I'm
about to do what I'm about to do guys
let's do this
okay the first bit of damage has been
engraved onto the car let's hope
nobody's out at this time in mourning
because if they are I'm in trouble this
this feels wrong I feel like maybe this
is too far but there's a reason to this
there's a reason to all of this trust me
guys there is a reason to this
I feel like I need to do more 3 2 1
wow the plan has reached a a little bit
of a halt right now
your boy hasn't got anything I don't
think guys I think I need to switch
around the sides go for the other end
this window needs to be broken I don't
know this this entire thing feels so
sketchy
but it's for a good reason that you'll
find out soon and this it's for tea mugs
oh my god
I need to get my stuff and get off to
London when mom sees this I can't be
anywhere near the scene and needs to be
in London we did it so yes guys I know
what you're all thinking you're thinking
morgues what is actually wrong with you
number one why have you done it
number two you were all probably the
worst son in the world and I know you
guys are thinking about right now but I
promise you if you keep listening to me
and hear me out you will you will take
that back every single one of you now
there was a reason I broke mom's car
there was a reason why I destroyed it
and there's a reason that I cannot tell
you but it will all be revealed the
reason why I destroyed mum's car will be
revealed in another video and that will
be in two days from now on Tuesday so
yes guys put that in all of your nose
put that in all of your alarms Tuesday
VIII it will be the third Tuesday the
3rd of October is when the reveal will
be dropping I know you guys will all be
screaming at me Morgan why can't he tell
us now what if is wrong we're I
physically could tell you why I did it
however in the video on Tuesday I will
be able to show you why I did it
honestly guys think what you want from
that I know a few of you may be able to
get a little bit of an idea of why I
can't physically tell you but I need to
wait to show you like all I'm saying is
if I told you right now it wouldn't have
the same impact as when I can show you
on the third Tuesday
I just cannot physically stress how
important is that you tune in and watch
that video on Tuesday the 3rd because
the thing is if you watch this video
you're gonna obviously get the
impression of me that I am the villain
in this situation and I don't blame you
for God's sake I just film myself
vandalizing my mum's car
like I don't blame you like everybody
right now should be thinking Morgan is
the worst and I don't blame you guys for
all rioting right now I'm probably
thinking I'm like the worst person ever
but if you tuned into that video on
Tuesday the 3rd it will clear every
it will completely clear everything up
it'll show why I did it because there's
a reason there's a plan it's all planned
out
I didn't just do it and there's a plan
why I did it there's a reason why I did
it and I'm gonna show you all of that on
Tuesday everything will be explained and
I feel like if I just told you the plan
right now it wouldn't have the same
impact because you guys made you think
I'm lying or trying to cover up when I
physically show you on Tuesday it will
just clear the entire Arab it'll show
you what I was thinking
why planned and the real reason why I
did what I did because you guys need to
wow I'm so professional I was on a real
good I was on a real good run there too
you guys need to know I just hate for
you guys to get the wrong impression of
why I did this let's say you all go and
unsubscribe right now I never watch the
video you'll never know my true
intentions and it's almost not fair on
you because I want you to know the
reason why I want you to know the full
story and I want you to see the real
reason why I vandalize my mom's car and
the only way you're gonna do that is by
tuning in to the video on Tuesday the
3rd it's gonna be a good one guys
and one more thing I need to do is
firstly apologize because mum I know
you're watching this right now I know
you sat at home watching this and the
real reason why I came out to London is
so I could be away from you so I could
show you this video send this out so you
could see it and kind of get a feel for
what's going on I didn't want to be in
the same environment as you because I
know you'll have been very angry and you
know it wouldn't it made sense for me to
be around there if you're watching this
I've seen your video and I never wanted
any of that to happen my intentions were
never to make you upset honestly
watching you cry was probably the
hardest literally the hardest moment I
can remember but at the same time I know
that the emotions you felt there will
all be worth it as soon as the reveal is
out on Tuesday as soon as I show you the
real plan behind why I did it I know you
will understand everything understand
why I did it and it will all be worth it
I promise you that mom I know you're
watching this right now I promise you
just have faith in me trust me on this
as soon as I'm home as soon as I reveal
the real reason why I did it you will be
grateful and you will actually be
thankful I vandalized your car and
that sounds completely ridiculous right
now I know you're probably so angry at
me but I promise you if you just trust
me on this and everybody adds need Team
Marxist trust me on this because I did
not do it in a bad way this isn't like a
beef thing I don't want beef it's none
of that I just have a genuine reason why
I did it and that is all gonna be
revealed on this Tuesday and it's gonna
be possibly the best video I've ever
made because this believe it or not I
know it's hard for you guys to think but
this is probably one of the nicest deeds
I've ever done in my entire life there's
a bigger picture to all of this guys and
I need you guys to see the bigger
picture
stick by me stick by mom and once this
reveal comes out on Tuesday you guys are
gonna be like wow he had this planned
the entire time but yeah guys that's
just about everything right now as you
can tell I'm in London I'm actually
meeting up with Kara she's literally in
the lobby right now I kind of kept her
waiting because I needed to film this
song I'm sorry Kara if you're watching
this yeah I'm gonna keep logging today
I'd advise you guys keep watching
because there's gonna be a lot more in
this video but I just want to say one
more time Tuesday the 3rd everything
will be answered everything will be
revealed all your questions all your
questions mom just stick by me guys
don't go away
trust me on this it will all be worth it
but guys yeah I'm gonna go get Kara
because I'm late for leaving her right
now and we're gonna continue this video
thank you all so much for sticking by me
I love you all so much a mom if you're
watching this I love you so much
just please please trust me right now me
and Kara are on the way to each stage
but I'm a vegan so I don't eat steak
he's disgusting I'm not a vegan I just
like salad and stuff there's nothing
wrong with that I love a good munch on
some leaves and stuff we're going to
steak house right now it's currently
about seven what do you mean Wow okay so
yeah we're gonna go get some food okay
well Wow thanks like Kara really
appreciate I really appreciate that
we just got back from a meal out with a
few other people it came to 450 yeah I'm
a little bit mad at that but I said that
I'd give you guys the hotel room tour so
i'ma do that right now even though like
every single light is off like why the
lights on but of course that just made
it worse entering here we've got a nice
wardrobe with an ironing board and a tie
and Kira you got you got to get you on
that's more area we've got a seat here
with a mirror so I can check out my
outfit do some poses that's not a pose
that's just like here we've got another
ward wardrobe with a air-conditioning
unit yeah that's a hair dryer don't know
I just called it that and then through
here we've got the bathroom and this
simple need to show you in there which
is extremely trippy so you see that's
like you know that's like that's not
good you can't see through that
obviously right take you out here huh
kara you can't see through that Kenya
and now with the power of magic bloody
tripping look now right now so now while
I'm showering no doing my business Kara
can just be like washing in and like you
know peeking every we've got a nice sink
with loads of shower gels toilet which
I've used quite a bit already coming
through into the main room we've got
whatever the flipping out that is we've
got a safe we've got water which can I
add is 2 pounds 75 and avoided one of
them so that was a really really bad
choice I thought it was free coming over
here we've got a little desk we've been
on it because that's why I was using to
sell my Camry Leah we've got a big light
we've got a smaller light we've got a
sofa and then this what wacky wacky bed
with here on it yeah well yeah guys I
mean that's basically everything for
this video I know this has been kind of
like a wacky warn a little bit I love it
here and there a little bit all over the
bloody place but if you've enjoyed them
to leave a like and remember I said
earlier guys if we can get 20,000 why
on this video then I will do a new
giveaway of an iPhone and it will be
absolutely crazy so smash a like
subscribe if then you tune into the
video on Tuesday the 3rd you will not
want to miss that thank y'all so much
for watching
everything about this ok you know what
I'll do if you don't remember to
subscribe to mugsy's channel and don't
forget to leave a like if you have a big
penis thanks for watching these are
happens
