okay so Kara seen as you've been on the
channel now for a little while I mean I
think there's something you should know
and I think it's about time we exchange
secrets the songs I've been hiding here
there's a secret that I've been hiding
from you about me okay boys and girls we
kick in this blog off with a bang
I haven't pranked Karia and I've been
with him for the past five days
ladies and gentlemen that needs to
change right now
she's in the other room she's got my
earphones in so she can't hear anything
let's go give her the scare of her life
you're gonna start my video for me seems
you just got pranked
go for it what look what's up how's it
hanging guys welcome back to another
vlog I think you should like try it with
just a bit more hello guys I'm welcome
back to another video today I'm coming
at you with another daily vlog hello
guys today I'm gonna be really loud and
obnoxious make everyone around me hate
me and want to die
so yes boys and girls today I'm coming
at you again with another vlog with the
beautiful hotel room I mean look at this
it's so frickin nice I mean come on so
so pretty good you're beautiful too
today is the fifth day in a row that
we've spent together for some reason
apparently your boys actually making
friends nowadays like this is a
monumental moment for the channel my
first-ever friend Morgan like seriously
how many times I have to tell you like
we're not friends so boys and girls if
you've never seen my 10 year old looking
face and her 10 year old looking face on
your screen hey I don't know about her
she's just someone that pulled up to the
hotel but my name is Morgan you're
watching the mogs channel and if you
haven't already subscribed go down there
and smash this subscribe on right now to
join team orgs and also
oh oh oh that's my oh you saw on it ah
it's that it's that she loves it so much
she'll star there guys by the verge of
the link in the description brand new
Andes and Holy See look she loves them
well yeah you guys knew the drill by now
every time I stay in a hotel when it
leaves its trash that's just like the
thing that that always happens right
we've been in this hotel for five days
I've just spent like half an hour
cleaning and it still looks like a
bombers hit it let me show you so we've
got M&Ms literally stuck to the floor
carried you want to explain how that
happened we'll nice wave why that
happened over here we've got like I just
let you look because it's just a bleep
mess this stuff big stain on there God
knows all diets and yeah the bed oh the
bed is in prime condition I mean look at
this
Oh rubbish bag down there been filled
with rubbish drinks I've got some more
rubbish on there the cases and then a
huge rubbish bag again down here and
then get ready for the bathroom you
ain't even seen bad yet oh my lord for
real
once I get my apartment in house it been
awfully what like this guy's I actually
think I'm gonna have to hire a cleaner
once I move into my house because it's
just it's just look I mean guys are you
ready for this three two one
how cheap he was that guy's I've no
joking
one more time all the time oh jesus okay
that was a bit wind okay let's see what
this meditates is free to wad skirt oh
wow okay that was a interest in one
check this out if this isn't gold their
wires she's got a camera or white top on
camo looking joggers okay
and I was sat here like why don't girls
like me okay so Keira seen as you've
been on the channel now for a little
while I mean I think there's something
you should know and I think it's about
time we exchange secrets the something
I've been hiding from you there's a
secret that I've been hiding from you
about me no it's not that it's something
else something else that you don't know
about Lea no it's not that not that
nope no that either
I couldn't think of anything else so as
I was saying Keira there's a secret I
need to tell you about me now I've only
ever told like a few people and then I
made a video about it which you may have
seen I don't think you have so there we
go so you haven't seen so camera for me
to tell the secret I feel like I want to
know something about I don't know a
secret about you is there anything about
you that I don't know let's exchange
secret I feel like this is like a like a
 yes I didn't sleep over like
tell me your biggest secret but come on
is there anything I don't know about you
that you know I should be told right now
on the blog I'm really pretty
really Oh to be fair no that's actually
I didn't actually know that I didn't
think you were like I didn't really
think you were but like yeah okay well
thanks for telling me that secret okay
care of bear with me the secret is
actually on whoa whoa whoa whoa I mean I
saw every recommended but I liked didn't
watch the video because marks you so
wait you didn't watch the video have you
ever seen it up close a little bit bike
story guys cuz I imagine a lot of you
are confused right now because I've only
ever done one video on this it got 7.5
million views and then your boy was like
apparently didn't go from had to do
another one on this but guys if you
don't know already I actually have weird
toes like I have like it's called webbed
feet and it's a weird thing but quietly
not that not that many people have where
it's like you just need a little bit of
a weird alright basically yeah I'm just
a bit of a weirdo let's just say that
I'm not I don't have like seven toes I
don't have like Fritos or something I'm
not that win okay believe it or not I'm
not that weird but Kira are you ready
for the toe reveal skirt skirt don't
know John ton sock me oh my lord this is
just a this is probably the way it is
clip I've ever recorded in my entire
life oh my lord
oh that's good how many toes is more
Club guys not for that is five come on
that's still they still count as two
toes oh they are they did separate
entities I think they both move see see
okay you w you taking the myth was I'm
disabled it's not what you trying to do
right now wrong on camera in front of
millions of people you're gonna take
miss I might give my disability Marion
I'm gonna take you're gonna make me feel
bad about my disability
live on camera my fault cheers to be
like this corrective surgery I still
think it's weird but it's okay except
you because you should accept people who
their difference is because everyone is
beautiful in a different way
okay boys and girls we have just
teleport into Starbucks right now I'm
here with me know in Starbucks Oh
what chicken again I'm getting this
chicken from this really nice restaurant
Landers kara you guess what food I'm
getting I'll give you a tag I go
Instagram if you guess why I'm going
it's a meal no I'm going salmon you can
start the tag anyway I'm joking dolphins
they're right get fined three two one
laughing joking it's not that fine and
now go are you enjoying your burger I'm
enjoying my broccoli okay
so Kara what time is it it's pretty late
but what time is it what's happening
right now yeah what does that mean just
to go because Kara's got school
so yeah Cure's going right now
that means the video is just gonna get
boring and no one's gonna watch Oh No
yes yes yes okay boys and girls just
time-traveled about three hours into the
future
your boy spike oh it's been five days
have you missed me
yeah yeah that's your little dog oh uh
you probably haven't seen him
well that's him asleep look in the coast
groan yeah and that steam having his
first in the shop when went to buy his
harness that you missed those first days
of your little baby well should we go
see him it might be scared because she
like a stranger you go first other nose
cuz I have actually been teaching him
not to talk to strangers and not to bark
at strangers boys there's a stranger in
the house is a friendly stranger Wow
straight through the legs oh no baby how
you miss me
no yeah okay I didn't think yeah I'm not
really a very good dad I'm a let's put
you down on this one
geez pulley want me to drop you
something through the legs again you
serious oh hello y'all Oh
oh hello Peugeot hello little fella
ah ha ha go oh you know
oh hello and oh yes I know
ah he's like said nah he likes it I
think he's missed me hello you
oh you so soft I almost forgot how he
fell this is cute
a new friend I've missed you that's too
cute I won't give him back he's mine now
ok guys so as you know I'm back home
right now I'm joking I've been home for
quite a while it's actually the next day
right now but you know you want to know
if I didn't tell you so you know you're
mobbed your boy molds is being honest
with you right there and my phone's
going off I'm gonna go over there and
shut it off it it doesn't shut up
let me lay down for this eat so your
boys and girls I'm back home right now
and I've got a few important things to
tell you number one I'm wearing this
brand new mgz t-shirt right now look at
this it's so freakin comfortable if you
want one swipe up no wait hold on that's
not right this is somebody snapchat is
it Morgan are guys the link is gonna be
in my bio Oh Carl Morgan if you're on
the link it'll be in the comment section
yeah description is why man or if you
want to be Savage and you don't want to
click the link and you want to do it
yourself just go into your search bar
and point www calm no way I said that
that wasn't even like planned that time
I just genuinely said it wrong what the
hell do we do we W dot morgg's MLG said
dot Co see idea in my website link I
don't even have the dot code at UK or
calm it's just not Co cuz I'm all about
saving
guys time and not wasting your time more
go get yourself some merch this stuff is
actually genuinely really nice like I
really do like this I rate this I rate
this and finally guys I just wanted to
check up with you once again and just
see how you're all doing so feel free to
go down there and comment down below
saying how you are saying if you enjoyed
the content saying if there's anything
you liked never dab it but but but no
but leave a comment saying if there's
anything you'd like me to change any
feedback you've got I don't ask for this
very often because I just kind of get
into the routine so if there's anything
you want to say anything you want me to
know leaving the conversation and I'll
be sure to give it a big read on this
video and oh my lord my hair is annoying
me I'm just gonna finish the video like
this because I freakin can and finally
guys remember to check out all my other
social media I've got Twitter
I've got Instagram I've got snapchat
I've got I think that's just about
everything so remember to go and follow
all of them all the links are in the
description if you don't follow them
either you're missing out on loads of
stuff about my life so you should go
follow them oh I'm almost thing guys if
you're new and you for some reason
haven't subscribed yet even though
you've watched right to the very end of
the video go down there and smash that
subscribe button to join team walls
we're family we're getting so so strong
and I love all of you so much thank you
all so much for watching I'll see you
tomorrow with another video and as
always I've involved you guys been
awesome and I'll see you in my next
video peace out if you enjoyed the video
then remember to subscribe to mugsy's
channel and don't forget to leave a like
if you have a big penis
thanks for watching peace out
