we're gonna be stepping it up a level on
my 24 hours
Oh
three moles you guys longer when I
ignored my girlfriend for 24 hours so
today we're gonna be stepping it up a
level I'm ignoring my parents for 24
hours I'm probably gonna get kicked out
forever after this video so make sure
you watch all the way to the end let's
do this okay guys so minds outside right
now he's on the ladder trying to fix one
of the lights which is Oh bad
and it just so happens that I need a lot
of let's go get it do me a favor give me
that screwdriver out of that box
oh you know what oh so the flights out
oh that's the ladder I've been looking
for I couldn't find her Banacek have it
what you doing no go
there we go ah I couldn't find the
ladder I just had no idea where it was
what are you doing you are in trouble
after that I feel like today somebody
it's just what you doing oh yes
fragile take that we've leave him alone
is incurred all over because of you I've
been needing some of this but that
package what package that I need to wrap
off
you did a lot Morgan I'm taking Martin
out for a meal because this is really
wrong what you do it to him I'm taking
him out of the way for a bit so that you
can't hurt him anymore you know oh my
god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my
god guys I feel super bad for my after
that one life down below is one prayer
for Martin and this bald head now you
can choose what they said they said they
were going out for dinner and I wasn't
allowed to come however only one car
here right now so one Martin looks like
the race is on Martin can you just hurry
up and fasten your shoes to go in
there's only two seats if we're not wait
Martha's gonna track home with us just
leave the shoes mine and just
we've got some oh no no no guys
mine's getting the keys oh no guys Oh
guys I think oh so you thought you were
clever Morgan are you gonna get out of
the car please
say no with the camera it's moving the
camera left to ride are you not gonna
get out it's not gonna get out no we've
only got two sees come on Martin is no
good just saying that it's not gonna do
it it's too big we can't move him his
hair is too cheese string gay so what
I'm gonna do is I'm gonna go in the car
I'm gonna drive to the restaurant and
you just can't run behind us yeah you
just run behind us and we'll see you
there
well scene a bit Martin thanks and
everything
oh no oh no oh no no sir oh my gosh
venti minutes later Morgan can we just
go inside you've been waiting 20 minutes
this is like so boring I just don't
think he's coming it's obviously not
gonna stamina to make it should we just
go in and get some food please Morgan
can you just answer me when I'm talking
to you why aren't you speaking to me
Morgan this is like Morgan why aren't
you
right this is like crazy for 20 minutes
yeah what Morgan it could have done that
quicker if it rained inside I'll get
some food I'm starving
what's from there I can't breathe let's
go sorry Lisa water I need water
need what needs water yeah ego mine I
thought you drink calm down you BR are
something else
Otsu how long has made me what you need
a wee
I want to go I'm busted I do as well can
we go quickly yes Morgan when you order
them to steaks medium yeah thank you
i steak just went to the toy line asked
me to order them to steaks medium rare
however guys they definitely haven't
realized what's going on yet so
obviously i can't order them the food
that would be breaking the rules of the
challenge so i'm gonna go order my food
and then when only mine arrives they're
gonna have a nasty surprise Oh guys look
at this the potato we've got some fish
the broccoli and the salad yeah but I
can't wait for my steak I'm kind of
really looking forward to it Morgan if
you want to do something you have
ordered our food haven't you no just
give it to many fine till minutes it'll
be coming it'll be coming later
I am absolutely furious must be ten
minutes now it's not ordered it's not
done it it's just on a sticker and he is
and we've got nothing
this is disgusting you know wha
Martin just lets rice buff this you'll
be the bigger man don't get annoyed and
you know what drink your water
I'll drink mine I've got a better idea
of what we're going to do late Oh guys
I've got it on my cake that was so much
food I'm so bored
now that was amazing Wow guys the bill
is 93 pounds 20 P that is a lot of money
what ashamed I forgot to bring my card
absolutely joking oh well I'm sorry
Morgan I'm not paying I'm not no I'm not
what we got to say about that
you remember
oh you guys were right now that was the
most Awkward meal our ever mine had to
run there he then drank all the water
and tipped it all over himself because
he was that thirsty and obviously I was
the only one with food so why was this
challenge is my favorite ice cream why
today lime on this one as well the
restaurant why don't you do that why
would you do that dice the last one and
you've just dropped on the floor to be
honest guys mom's probably gonna thank
me because she has been saying she wants
to lose weight
we've worked out what you do is just you
24 hours ignore Reno's we know you don't
know exactly what you did some care of
you must think we're stupid if you think
when work that one out we're not down I
know what more go to Blair this game
wash your back huh Wow yo guys looks
like they finally figured out what we're
doing
look two can play this game what the
hell do they mean two can play at this
game does that mean they're gonna try
and are you going we're ready for bed
you ready it's all a normal conversation
okay talking
we thought we'd sec advantage of the
situation we decide is that we're gonna
burn our english comfy big comfy bed the
best bed in the house it's a super king
bed we're gonna go in there tonight
unless you want to talk to that sweaty
ball dad
so Morgan are you ready to stop this
stupid prank now how'd you want to carry
on and we'll do it the hard way you know
that reminds me the bet she's need a
wash the bed she's need a wash don't
spawn the bed there is really really
really dirty you know no okay guys it's
the next day right now as you can tell
nothing mama - figured out what we're
doing this is basically just gonna be an
out-and-out prank war today well if you
all watching right now and you haven't
already subscribed we're on the road to
six million subscribers and I need your
help to get that subscribe now let's go
hey mo get me baby okay not today we
might just kind of gone got a coffee
Catrin good a Starbucks and then to a
bit shocked be real free are you still
doing ignoring bitch seriously Morgan if
you're not that camera up and down again
I'm just you know what this is shocking
you at least from last night
you just don't know when to stop what
you trying to do to me why are you
trying to make me just angry and annoyed
I don't understand you know what Morgan
I did not want to do this I didn't want
to do this if you're gonna keep pushing
me and you think you're clever and you
can take it too far you know I'm gonna
do I'm gonna take it to the next level
and I didn't want to do this I'm gonna
do it now Kiera Bridget first time
here hi are you I'm all right Kyra I'm
kind of got some bad news for you I feel
really bad about this and I just wish
that Morgan had been man enough to do
this himself what Morgan's basically
says they really like Shirley thinks so
much about you Bert it thinks that this
is so difficult for me it just thinks
that it would be better if you had a few
months on his own just feel bad here I
feel I feel bad yeah yeah okay well I'll
tell him I'll tell him okay yeah keep in
touch Morgan this is the last time I'm
going to ask oh we're going to end these
games now or not whoa oh that's a lovely
photo of me over there well I shall take
it that's a no let the games continue
okay guys I've got another idea if she's
gonna try and traumatize me she can't
authorize me if I made a game of for
tonight so other jobs to filter towers
in those I haven't waited for night in
awhile let's see if I've still got and
hopefully mom is nowhere to be seen for
this okay we got a revolver
we got a revolver guys we're going on
the hunt oh go hand cannon let's go
oh this is where you're hiding is it
what I've got the guys guys guys this
one right here there's some right here
we'll just talk over each other shall we
guys I'm gonna go get the church Morgan
what do you think this is I'll tell you
what it's not not a joke Joyce it's a
lovely job an iced tea cold water and
you know what's gonna happen to this the
same thing is what happened to me last
night when you poured it so how does
that feel Morgan a ready to talk
obviously this isn't working Morgan's
still ignoring me we need to step this
up a level I know who Morgan is your
last chance
you know I'm more of a place they should
guy anyway guys you are police seriously
oh my god guy what the hell is she doing
is she oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh
oh my gosh oh my gosh no I've got one
thing to say it's really cold in here
there's such a big drafting head such a
big drop oh my gosh what is it was
massive draft in the stupid house
okay so guys they've been locked outside
for like almost an hour now on the roof
I don't think they're going to be
getting in anytime I'm just thinking
Morgan so I tried you're breaking it
with Keira smashed your xbox and it's
just obvious that nothing's gonna work
but I have got one more thing more
Morgan's credit card now you might want
to kind of think about talking to me and
stop ignoring me
oh if you don't talk to me Morgan me and
Martin are going on a spending spree
okay come on fly your bank accounts
gonna get destroyed quick yo guys I'm
pretty exposed back here we need to hope
they don't check at the back seat oh oh
no guys oh no oh no oh no here they come
here they con the windows are blacked
out so where they won't be able to see
me from out there
but I need to be quiet when she comes in
right I'm excited where you want to go
first actually I could do a jewel
ourselves I don't see no watch that's
what's the jeweler said okay I'd say I
don't have something more than Spade you
feel bad about this Zoe okay
excited Martin Miami so you know what I
like a nope nope go on well let's go
another locomotives pain
oh my god guys actually going I didn't
think they were actually gonna do it
they've actually just walked off to the
jewelers I can't believe this late now
oh my god guys I've been sorry for like
ten minutes now I don't know what the
hell is going on I think they're
actually buying something guys what I'm
gonna do is log into online banking on
my phone and see if they've actually
bought anything here we go
login 4909 Gina what the flip wait wait
guys guys guys guys guys
oh wait guys oh my god is that damn is
that that oh no bleep oh my god oh my
god oh my god guys guys guys he's
actually got a watch just the one that
wants it as well I've got a surprise for
y'all I want to treat it's something
with Morgan's money yeah the wig shop oh
wow a wig honestly mine trust me I'll
put yes look the other day they are so
now seriously mine just just trust me
they're really good let's go let's go
guys they just drove to some sort of wig
shop they've parked
they've been gone for a couple minutes
this is so weird like am I the only one
I think this is a super word I know
Martin's bald and I know there's this
joke but I am needing her but like I
didn't think they were actually gonna
get him away guys I'm just oh my god oh
my god oh my god no way
absolutely amazing well you won't kind
of show her at first I think now it's
kind of tell its quality its quality
cost about you I've got something that
you want to say guys what you think
should I go up I don't okay you want to
go upstairs now won't be any reason guys
what the hell does she mean no reason to
talk to the camera Morgan I am sick to
death of you and your prime YouTube is
making my life a misery you're making my
life a misery I am so fed up of this I
can't stand it you're driving me crazy
you're driving Martin crazy even the
doctors are going crazy so Morgan you
better stop this prank now and start
talking to me oh this is going to happen
you treat me like I'm stupid and you
don't realize all the technical things I
can do that I've learned
hello Morgan I'm sorry about Syd but you
should just stop pranking now just wants
to talk to me he just deleted my channel
what am I gonna do homie I'm gonna blow
this video I'm speaking to now I'm
speaking you don't speak to me I didn't
take it I treat you a you have to learn
you can't keep pranking people and doing
these silence not speaking to them you
get it - Carrie you've done it to me
you've been that even 24 hours you've
ruined my demise now you've ruined our
day everything you shall walk will you
tell me it was just a plumbing
screenshot Oh
yes but if you do it again Morgan to me
that's just a warning do not do that
trance again I don't like it
nobody likes it if you do that one again
Applebee's for real guys you know what I
think I learned my lesson
and it's in my iPad Pro giveaway right
now on my Instagram morgs whitey don't
follow me on that and check out my
latest picture to find out how you can
win this iPad pro I also subscribe to
the channel right now a bonus entry so
you can win this brand new iPad thank
you guys so torching and as always I've
bought you guys but also my mouth for
your my next video peace out
