you can't make this up you cannot make
this up I was on FaceTime to her a day
ago and I killed a god no Kara Kara Kara
Kara it doesn t spider I thought you
liked animals of this god it's gone away
it's generally gone it's loosely God
hello guys and welcome back to another
video today I'm back in the car with my
chauffeur Morgan I'm your mom not your
chauffeur come on you you basically do
just drive me around everywhere I do so
today I'm off to London again to meet my
female friend Oh mom it's a dog no he's
not a dog a person person you've got
girl it was a friend this is the miracle
slightly open world is there a
girlfriend oh the girl it was a friend
question will remain unanswered for now
I'm just pop Augusta timeline I don't
never thought this day was gonna come
baby the wrong misser are you paying it
wait what are you painting I'm a painter
to see you I was gonna keep that off
cameras
come on what oh okay okay
boy yeah guys as I said today is gonna
be an awesome day if you knew him my
name is Morgan baseball's mom I said in
third person because I'm really really
cool and if you guys have never seen my
face or her face on your screen before
remember to go down there and smash that
subscribe button to join team org Santee
mom what about team mom joint team we
don't speak on this channel mom oh sorry
and also guys if you haven't seen
already I just brung out some brand new
merch is totally in that bag right now
happen actually got on some kind of
slacking a little bit
good after change into it when we get to
London but yeah there'll be a link in
the description where you can go and cop
some new merch before it sells out it's
going really really quick and you guys
all loving it but mum wait wait wait I'm
gonna I see something right now will you
do my transition wait mom
you can do it mom I believe in you do it
mom do we burn oh my gosh bet you guys
did not see that one coming boys and
girls she's back she's back
well currently we are in a car and this
car is taking us to not what is the
exact same road we were on last time was
when you've seen what we were doing this
no way is actually that's so great the
way actually is guys okay when I'll go
Mexico this time we go into Oxford
Street no Maps fine with this we're
going to Bangladesh guys a we'll see you
in Bangladesh oh man we're in the
restaurant and then look at this this is
such a good view such a good deal yeah
hey what okay but I'd like a to attend
three are ten four five six seventy
military antennas
I just leave yeah okay oh she's gone
she's out she's out oh wow three jacket
for me hey Kara Kara don't fuck them
balls in your mouth yeah dice God you Oh
God oh boy oh look at these angles oh oh
Honest John boom
okay I'm sorry Matt that's fine like a
new way to eat Lisa um yeah dude you can
bend a always it's been around for a
while kara I dare ya I dare ya I touch
fire
okay Kyra where we go in we are going to
Portugal we're going to Portugal now
could afford Portugal we're just going
to a hotel and guys buying just like
that it must be bloody magic because we
have just pulled up to the hotel ladies
and gentlemen are you ready for a hotel
room tour you know it's got to happen it
has to happen it has to happen guys
hotel room tour here we go okay your
boys supplied a good room guys what on
the 12th for the top room is 13 only the
12 I'm sorry I try my best
is it my best all that counts
because we have to cut it here let's go
in guys are you ready guys live room
tall right now
go on do the only studio honesty
darkness well it's got desk you've got a
desk oh it's a greeting yeah screen or
now wait looking at view bindis of you
you've got a big church statue thing
you've got that you've got that you've
got that you come with the room and yeah
what you paid for very true very true
what do you think I mean I didn't expect
a balcony but oh well are we good yeah
we good yep you can't make this old you
cannot make this up I was on FaceTime to
her a day ago and I killed a ship no
cara cara cara cara is there's a spider
I thought you liked animals I'm gonna be
scarred it's gone away it's generally
gone it's literally gone oh no it's gone
I close here I probably shot close here
don't leave no I'll kill I kill I can
I'll kill it it's gone down the boy so
wonderful this is two-man job st. a
one-man job
I generally cost the earth this is
operation spider guys by the money going
down it's Jenna
it's just milk oh my lord it's cold on
the floor so where it could be anywhere
it literally could be anywhere the truth
we called late security no no it's not
please come on Laurie scare me no no it
is let's just hide on the bed you choice
it's no tell room I didn't know there
was gonna be a spider free with the room
what is it nest in the room is that cool
with us sometimes just kill me for fuck
the spider kill me I don't want to be
here okay then okay so we have just got
changed we're going out for some food
right now but tell me this why does she
look better in my jacket than me I do
something some modeling get some angle
so you know why we go in I don't know we
don't know where he's gonna go and
finally we're gonna screw you actually
on my couch actually fits you really
nice wait John do my transition yeah my
crispy fried shrimp what you're my
crispy fried shrimp oh because inside
here I've done actual challenge for you
try the above
in the most attractive way possible
Oh mr. lorry
I don't even have the oh it has a
microphone shakin heavy of course is
professional movement 1pp
we might be able to peep out of 48 a lot
of stuff
yeah so they just gave us you know the
thing that says how much money
everything goes
not much to he was like you can vote
with my camera while I'm gone and I was
like okay Odie that's fine
well I'm gonna worry about this man
likewise
was the bottom turn off today he takes a
really long time to be like original
time like early news I really need
maybe he died I don't know Oh keep you
updated that would be kind of funny if
you died but then I just pulled that he
died
guys I'm sorry but this is real life a
clickbait it this is actual real life
its clickbait you go kick there's just
like a molds video remember to subscribe
to mug this channel and don't forget to
leave a like if you have a big penis
thanks for watching
