okay guys keep this between me and you
yeah I don't want to see a single person
tweeting up mom commented on moment this
is just the team log this is a team
marked exclusive right here hello guys
and welcome back to another video
first things first malt is feeling a
little bit all right now and mom y'all
looking really really ill - what's wrong
with you I feel fine I feel good what
yeah no no I feel good this is just our
low okay okay that that explains it that
explains it now you guys know I usually
start these videos off with a prank and
I just feel like I am too ill today to
prank month oh you got away with it so
today to kick off this vault with a bang
me and mom are gonna be pranking oh not
the pogs the pogs
oh no the baby pogs that's a very
interesting question mom and the answer
is right over here a cling film
sellotape and an assistant guys do you
see where this is going but guys just
before we get started on that if you're
new here my name is mole's you are Moe's
mom and this is the channel where we
have fun every single day so if you're
new here remember to go down there and
smash that subscribe to join team orgs
and if you want like the number to like
the content which isn't quite as good
there's a link in the description to
mom's channel - insults so far but
everybody knows my contents better so
guys we're gonna get this prank started
right now hopefully you guys are all
feeling really good having a good day
I'm feeling really ill as you can
probably tell but yeah guys let's get
this prank starred in 501 okay guys we
just sell this contraption here we've
got two cameras that one and of course
we're gonna get shot in slow mo guys I'm
gonna let the dogs down let's see if
either of them will fall for this
old-school clingfilm prank guys leave a
like if you think they'll fall for it
comment down below everything that
three two one let's do this trees on the
floor Bruno doesn't know is that what's
going down always tails like in Coco go
I'll prove that you cannot knock cause
you're a good boy
tiny buddy screaming like dog herb you
said that come on bro it's a freaking
piece of cling film let me off and hey
Pogo doesn't seem to mind is he anyway
mom what we doing what we're doing well
yeah right now me and mum are actually
off to go look at cars we're going to is
a Range Rover garage garage yeah so me
and Mama go look at cars I know I'm just
gonna go get ready okay okay guys keep
this between me and you yeah I don't
want to see a single person tweeting it
mom commented on mom this is just the
team mogs this is a team morgs exclusive
right here now as you guys know mum for
the past literally like three years has
been driving around in a Honda Civic if
you don't know what Honda Civic is plays
the picture of that on the screen right
now it's not you know the most
extravagant car ever can I also just
like just we just come on yeah sorry
there we go there we go
but as I was saying now the legal age to
drive in the UK is 17 and I've like just
turned 16 like a month ago right now God
still driving around my mom no the thing
is going
I thought do I just wait for a year and
get my own car or should I maybe try and
get Mormon upgrade like buy mom a new
car upgrade and have it is like you know
the the morgues 'mobile but like the
morgues mom / Morgan would be like the
team morgues mom 'mobile team Oldsmobile
autos Team Magma Biel on the team mama
Beall
so I haven't told her this year I
haven't even mentioned this you haven't
said a word about this yet but at the
moment I've been looking online at some
cars that I also I like and I know she
likes a lot and one of them that I've
heard of talk about loads in the past is
a Range Rover now these are one of my
favorite cars but also she she always
goes on about them because obviously she
wants a family car something that you
know big better you know just like you
know she's driving around a Honda Civic
in the moment which is you know absurd
it's not like you know the the best car
ever she's got like 300k I've got two
point five mil for karma driving around
in a freaking destroyed Honda Civic you
feel me before though is a Ford Focus -
so the car game isn't that strong for
Mom so it's just a thought at the moment
right that's why we've got to keep this
on the down-low but it's just a thought
hug coming closer coming closer I'm
gonna go today and look and see if I can
see a car that she likes because if she
likes a car that I like I may have to
get it her now obviously if I just told
her this now it wouldn't really be too
much of a surprise because they you know
I have actually done it yeah she could
just think it was a prank or something
it could go wrong
so I've done is I've told her that I
want to look for cars for me for my
first car when I turn 17 I want to start
looking now and she bought it so I mean
it works you believe me so yeah guys
were off to a Range Rover God right now
and by the way oh my lord I've just got
so confident a very long time since I've
signed this beam back is I saw it's just
so nice amazing huh let me wipe you guys
let me sorry about that I got a little
bit I got a bit carried away there we
good so yeah right now me Mom are gonna
go look at these cars and we're gonna
see what we can see is probably gonna be
good it's got a freaking good day lined
up today it's gonna be very very fun oh
let's do this so guys we're just in the
right now I'm with them do you know what
look why don't we just go to Matt a wall
and just like get some get on some new
shoes
whoa ones marble looking at cars because
you can't buy a car you can't drive the
cops know if it was I just like looking
in that like it's just fun to look they
think just all the ideas in my head
alright but then would be quick okay
this is odd I mean we've got car now
we're all right with this Honda
Civic this affects member this affects
my rep you know well it's nothing you
got now you've got a on retail this
stupid thing
Morgan this is like my image your images
are yeah that's that's Mike this is my
image is me okay well you need a
makeover then very soon okay guys so
we've just pulled up out of the Range
Rover Gary's mom what do you think about
the cars you know I really really like
them but I've never actually asked your
opinion Range Rovers are brilliant yeah
definitely but obviously obviously
haven't got much on the body Honda Civic
they have their own Oh Range Rovers like
brilliant Morgan it's just I could never
afford one that's why I've never I
thought yeah I mean I guess I could
probably get on eventually but I just
wish I wish to turn something quickly so
we don't know me I mean you know how are
you in your car okay laughs I mean I'd
love it this is I've got no choice I
mean I'd love a new car you wouldn't Oh
mom mom mom mom mom mom
which one's your favorite like oh my god
I think we actually agree you know we
both like this a one oh my lord
Wow what do you think what you think
that's it's in it just to see my look
back in it oh yeah I'll say yeah let me
say let me say in it I'm surprised you
know because I thought your favorite
would be something a little bit I know a
little bit less extravagant but we go so
this is your favorite as well as me in
the color is this is a brand new color I
know this is a new color I know it is
yes I think you know more than but in
the MENA good cars mode they're just the
car forward one didn't mean I don't know
guys what do we think what do we think
Jesus on their skrt skrt skrt so this is
genuinely a favor yeah
no yeah I'm surprised about it really is
my favorite but I didn't think it'd be
yours - that's what I'm surprised about
no no that's why I'm surprised because
this is my favorite bike a mile so like
yeah way more than what I thought you
are gonna be the why oh man so we just
went for like a test drive in this like
obviously my mom drives me around in it
so I thought of it I don't know who
tries first because I freaking love it
which is kind of made me a bit mad
because like I'll have to wait no ages
I'm actually a bit jealous smoked and I
hate to say yeah if I'm not even gonna
yeah so like either way I'm kind of
saluting her but guide for real though
like you walk in here right you've got
that yeah it's alright you got that yeah
pretty decent girl look at now I like
the white over here these are more money
you've got that that one's very nice
down that's pretty cool the Reds pretty
decent but like none of them like really
look better than mine feels like they
sent even like the most expensive one in
here this is polite pretty cheap
compared to some of these but like it
just it just does look a nice it doesn't
where I look at this look at these let's
come on we need to actually you know I
know I took you around a little bit
cinematics earlier but we need to roll
the cinematics
so we've just arrived tone guys who you
still know exactly you know on it with
the whole stance thing like Sigma okay
okay come on come on
dig come on come on come on
comp okay you can do it buddy come on oh
he's not having a Z's not having any of
it
guys looks like the way for him to climb
steps still still continues okay what
you got oh I got to go Oh see you buddy
well you anemic what you gonna do not
about going in there
Oh see you buddy football football
football school okay yeah just just fly
on mede why don't ya so mom is cooking
team watching that video while the dogs
are playing she's a real momma's momma
yeah multitasking multitasking
be stopped in there
I'm she's looking beautiful in the
process you wonder whether you've
dropped in 15 2014 tone so I'm trying to
work and she just comes in and just just
lay some I mean by Kenny go on
you pushed me on it sit there we're
doing it with a boy you know well they
put what are you actually what the hell
are you doing
can you just just what the hell you
actually do it
good
okay guys ignore the really
old-fashioned mirror basically my dad
has just pulled out outside because we
are now going out for tea see I didn't
even know we were doing this but a
pattern that we are oh my lord I've just
seen that Wow
hey there buddy you don't look into me
oh crap check same crap says every other
single time I've done a crap check
because these are like all I wear skirt
wear you guys are not even really sure
why are we going I literally just got
attachment 15 minutes ago like we're
going out for food so I'm gonna never
push right now as you can probably tell
my house might even like Donna anything
but who cares you know because men don't
need to do the hair and especially when
you're as attractive as this I mean it I
didn't wanna just say that I didn't
didn't hear anything
Oh keep the whip look at the whip though
oh boy oh boy look at this look at this
how do we turn it down
no he's bike he's looking fresh wait
look
he's got pine he's got pine I
met your dad does another pine does it
okay where we go no we go to the same
place we try every single time yeah so
means that do this thing where we take
interns to pay he pays one week I pay
the next week or next time because we go
more than one time a week and basically
Ivan was it was my turn and I forgot it
twice in a row so now I'm like catching
up my turn so I paid for the last one
but I said you're on a diet a what it's
a diet kit not on a diet what they are
sweet potato they're not the diet I'm
just eating healthy Oh
jingle jingle
so you blocking me but nothing my
walking there if there's something there
don't tense I'm gonna change get away is
it
Oh No is it like oh oh my mouth looks
amazing
Oh Lord ice looks really nice guys I
would demolish this let's do it okay so
dad on a scale of gray hair being zero
to black hair being ten what would you
rate your me lifetime I'm not using that
scale George Clooney or Gary Lineker how
they'd react zero of course I care okay
okay hold on um on a scale of zero being
white hair
and being great hair what would you give
it time it's very good if we talk about
your hair you're still templated there
look at that look at the bag we got fade
who goes to white white to like slightly
less why yeah you seriously taking the
my hair okay so I just got home and had
a shower because I felt dirty
I've already had a shower but I just
felt dirtied you feel me no he's like
half 10 right now and I'd not really do
sure why I'm tired but I am so don't
judge me okay however there is a few
things I need to ask you right now
number one what do you guys think about
the car do you think I should go ahead
with it
why said earlier get it mom so we can
drive around in it gather all that stuff
just tell me what you think of the
entire situation in the conversation
below and you know just tell me tell me
what you guys are thinking about
everything and something outlast you
guys in absolutely ages what videos do
you actually want to see are you happy
with what I'm doing at the moment a
happy with a content happy with
everything I feel like I don't ask you
guys this enough like how are you all
doing are you all okay are you happy are
you feeling good are you enjoying the
videos I know just asked you about 50
questions but tell me all them in the
conversation below if you want if
there's anything you want to change or
anything is Bimini's to tell me tell me
the conversation because I do read
through them a lot guys believe it or
not I know a lot of youtubers don't read
the comments I enjoyed in my comments
whenever I get time and you're way down
there if you haven't already subscribed
remember to go down there and hit that
subscribe and you thought I weren't
gonna last but yeah if there's any of
you who are new here and have no and hit
that subscribe button please go do so
and if you've been watching the channel
for a while and you want to take your
support to the next level remember to go
get some merch the link is in the book
the link is in the description below or
you can go to www.markzware.com Oreos
video which will be up at 6 p.m. thank
you all for watching remember to stay
awesome stay happy and keep smiling guys
see you tomorrow 6 p.m. I've been morgue
you guys been awesome and I'll see you
in my next video peace out if you
enjoyed the video remember to subscribe
to Margie's channel and don't forget to
leave a like thanks for watching
