hey wait John it where I get from a girl
forget four yeah let's get lucky
this week all right
hello guys and welcome back to another
vlog I'm here with the I'm here with the
head it's balls as you can tell and
today these two are kindly dropping me
off for the train station because I'm
leaving them again hey I mean oh no not
again
guys I'm probably the worst dog owner in
the world I've literally spent more time
in London this week than I have a home
but today is gonna be a mad one guys I
have no clue what I'm gonna get choked
up about but about mark
I have no clue what I'm gonna go up to
but it's probably gonna be lit no mum
involved in this one so that means it's
gonna be a great video
cheers Morgan whoa no hundun I feel like
you only want me to drive you around no
I just feel like a chauffeur in a dog
owner
no of course not that's not mom of
course not
so guys if you've never seen my face or
her face all that bold face on your
screen before your very look what guys
my name is moss
that's Jill fastball and we are are we
we are humans that's a good start
and if you haven't already subscribed to
the channel what are you doing go down
there and smash me a subscribe on the
video and also did you guys hear about
the launch of the new iPhones like the
iPhone X and the iPhone like a or
whatever it was I'm thinking of giving
away either the iPhone 8 or the iPhone n
so what you've got to do first of all
you've got to be subscribed to the
channel because you can't win if you
don't subscribe and secondly you got to
leave a thumbs up a like on the video
you can do that right now and then the
final thing you guys need to do is
comment down below
iPhone X or iPhone 8
I know which one to give away comment
that subscribe to the channel like the
video giveaway coming soon but guys
today we're pulling into the train
station mom's dropping me off I'm off to
London again because there's my second
home my giveaway on my channel doing one
you know you know I'm doing on your
copying off me I'm doing an iPhone or an
iPad yeah I'll let you do the iPad know
that it's up to the team mom how many
people vote for iPhone or iPad as to
which I go for yeah tell me on my
channel which one I can give away mommy
boring me
your buddy boring me but guys rich
Sheffield right now gain the train to
London I'll see you guys in London in
five four three two one let's do this
okay I'm not quite in London yeah but
you want to know what's kind of funny
and probably really sad I go on this
train so much every single time I sit in
this exact same scene and I swear I feel
like an emotional bond between me
and the seat like this this this just
feels like home I'm just I feel like I'm
at home right now I feel like I'm
welcome here and unloved and uncared for
while in this scene look you've got
double arm rests does your seat have
that I bet it doesn't but yeah I'm kind
of waffling on a bit guys we're on the
way to London right now let's see what
happens okay
just arrived in London apparently it's
absolutely chucking it down which is not
good news because my cheese string hair
is gonna die we are right now I've got
to go meet with my friends and I mean
are you guys sometimes say you know you
don't have friends say I've got like a
solid two friends i it's nothing to joke
about
usually when people say you know Morgan
how many friends you got I just do the
Dominator everything and I go I'm
friends but right now I'm going to meet
with them I'm getting some weird working
launch but who cares I'm in the blog
life I'm in the Melbourne let's go so me
and BAE have just been out for a cute
dinner day they make him friends yeah
kind of
Oh much when you try and make friends
okay girlfriend attacks me title what we
saying could that can that classes and
attack guys well girlfriend roast me
title you know
hey guys were on the way to Mexico right
now it's really cool
we're in the taxi crazy drivers say hi
yes I think you said I may have said
something else she's clearly enjoying
herself my company is the best company
that is a fact and yeah want to do my
job transition again do it
lazy gentlemen this is how you embarrass
someone in public but yeah it worked
every time
great use me it's a place I can trade
her in for like an iMac or something can
I trade you in for can I like kind of
traitor in no no I'd like to solve them
to start out is only working like these
headphones I'd take that can I trade her
in for them she's good she can be like
she can like a model of what you think
trader in what what can I get one of
these in that right there that charge
you think yeah how much is that Canon
Sony yes how much is it body fit ain't
got that much as Rennie I can trade her
and the like so you can get her yeah
that's okay
she's got she can be like she's really
good she's youthful uh trade her in so
cool spot looks what okay okay oh man
look at all these cameras look at all
these couple how much is that camera
there you know yeah no I think you look
because the lens the lens on that one no
geez
oh my god I'm just I'm just the coolest
guy ever I need to die that's my guy
right there yes I love that frickin love
that
don't say I'm like the worst person ever
that's what everybody in London just
doesn't like me
point proven
oh sure right then guys what we didn't
tell you is there is her perfect it's
not just her friend
it's our friend's birthday today and she
was supposed to be meeting her and
basically I just kidnapped her and you
know forced a stay with me against her
own will
oh yeah her friend is Millie B she's one
had the beef with Millie little T and
friends were so fierce Ben and yeah
we're gonna go meet with her his
birthday you know good day I'm actually
I'm a horrible person
I'm Oliver person I'm Oliver person I'm
not usually like this guys I'm a public
nuisance I'm out of control
I'm buddy lethal don't mess with me it's
her fault she's she's affecting me we're
back in Selfridges again you know what
that means
oh it's good that's nice
the whip though okay so I've met with a
bunch of people that I'm paying to
pretend to be my friends hey friends say
hi they're not very good actors to be
fair I wanted more of like a hey friend
I'm paying them of course but yeah where
we go in paid friends yeah whatever they
said let's go we're studying the way
they spend number to introduce yourself
my name is paid friend number one really
why so paid friend number for you so
birthday I won't go man happy birthday
cake Brendan yeah no I played friend
number four introduce yourself I am
touched delight paid friend number five
I am I hear a mic on I don't know you
can just be paid friend number five yeah
there we go sort of excuse me is this
man's can I wear it as Manny's yeah okay
great that's perfect
I can't build okay sorry
excuse me and you know what's on photos
okay cheers thank you excuse me you know
what diores yeah here yeah okay thank
you excuse me excuse me you know what
Clara is okay nice nice does anyone know
where Ralph the runner is Ralph Lauren
oh no on Ralph Lauren I don't know where
Ralph the runners do you know Ralph
letters now I'm just wonder where Ralph
Lauren is is it is there anyone near
here
this is awesome Oh cheers thank you
thanks thank you thank you cheers yeah
okay thanks guys Jess okay so I've just
pulled up to my crib for the night we
need a tour we need at all oh my god is
the guy case I am with the ball well the
split was equipped with a football the
flip yeah kitchen what they're putting
out of these men they pasta we got a
balloon we've got a lounge area TV Oh an
actual balcony well we've got a balcony
with that view shake that through view
boys and girls we got a mirror we got a
mirror we've got a room through here
we've got a wonderful it this is
actually pretty decent there's no shower
it's just a bath that's different
why is the new shell but there's a bath
or am I just like is this someone wrong
no that's fully just above the other
barrier who's that sexy guy it's
definitely not me Oh rule number one oh
hey oh there's the shower
there's the shower oh man look at how
terrible this myself
Kyra I just have one question for you
where did you get that
from pointless
fan joy such big pool teespring / to
your Bridget
guys for real for the wall judge they
give our turn it's comfortable it's 69
can I say that your vote yeah of course
no yeah I mean what was significant
about the number 69 I think I don't
really what we do and they Kira Brad yet
just waiting for peace it's a corner I
felt the last clip we just made scream
and now we're just like oh yeah I like
that
guys wait for peace okay right now we're
waiting for pie sir we got Domino's how
much was it was like 40 pound I'm great
to be honest joke disgusting it's
disgusting
yes bond to me I mean I really love
Domino's I don't I've never said
anything bad about them oh why should
you
what's up well the Gucci house
everything into it I've got a delivery
for a Chiara bride you and not me
is that you okay the other leaves
hey wait join it all right what we doing
then whoa please all clip maybe or maybe
not guys it's pretty right now
Oh boys and girls like a day later I'm
not gonna lie last night got pretty
flippin wild let's just say one thing
all right
there were Capri Suns they were fruit
shoots and I'm getting snapshot right
now and the may or may not have been
tropical I know guys it was a mental
night I had all three at once mix
chopper kind of fruit shoe and of course
Capri Sun it was it was just a mental
Nigel I'm saying I'm here with the one
and only we're just walking we're really
I just walking we don't know what we're
doing well guys this is why I'm gonna
end this vlog because this is a bit a
pretty freakin weird one like I don't
even know what the flip this fogs in
turn to be it's just been like 90% of me
annoying the public then the last 10% me
I mean her so like you know that's
basically been the vlog but if you have
enjoyed you guys know what to do go down
there and smash that like bomb right now
go down there smash that subscribe or
join the family guys and also while
you're down there remember to leave a I
don't know just buy my merch or
something there's a link in the
description go by and guys I think I'm
gonna vlog today if I'm gone of energy I
probably won't I'll probably bottle it
but yeah thank you all so so much for
watching and I'll see you in my next
video get my out showed you know it goes
but you can't just slop but you got to
go are you ready ready ready peace out
peace out peace out remember to
subscribe to mug this channel and don't
forget to leave a like
thanks for watching
Lisa
