we're gonna try and ask strangers girls
hot girls if it can flip over them hello
team olds and welcome back to let's try
that again hello team Boggs and welcome
back to another video you will not be
able to tell but most is not a happy
bunny right now let me sit down and
explain so as you know I've been growing
a mustache for the past like two years
and it was like the proudest possession
of my entire body now this morning mum
came into my room while I was asleep and
shaved off you can probably tell
now she recorded it it's up on her
channel right now please don't go watch
it because it's very humiliating I lost
my frickin moustache reason she said she
shaved off it's because I'm going London
today and that is still on I've got
insane day plan for today I'm meeting up
with my Cola buying friend the pro gamer
J you probably know from videos like if
you see red you're colorblind so I've
got a question for him I need to find
out if I'm colorblind and I think I mean
over some of the youtubers this video is
gonna be hella where I'm setting off to
go in about 10 minutes but I'm about to
give mum the scare of her life for
shaving my mustache ladies and gentlemen
do you remember these bad boys hello all
of teemo's already know how we do on my
channel if you knew and you don't know
keep watching because you're about to
find out if then you go down there and
smash I subscribe or leave a like for
more pranks unless flippin do this my
sneaky mode is on right now
the video
Morgan's mustache get shaved off
alarians oh wait mom are you actually
taking me to the train station yeah we
have a very long relationship don't we
honestly though how could you actually
shave my moustache I look like I'm 12
again those the only thing stopping me
from looking like you're 12 look on the
bright side you might have to pay a toll
on the train whoa let's go okay so I'm
in the car right now on the way to the
train station and for the last like 10
minutes moments just been rambling
saying you gonna London and this is
obviously your boyfriend's you've got
some money there's alcohol there's drugs
and what about drinking in that I don't
want to see any pictures of your
anything I'm when you drink you can just
stupid things just silly
it's where people are vulnerable Morgan
and if you know Hotel this I hope you
know worried about that I fear on it we
got a balcony I'm not gonna believe job
or anything
i'ma go to the train station now she's
buddy waffling
I'll see you when my hand touches that
camera imma be in London and a day he's
gonna get started alright tea mugs just
pulled up to London now I've got to try
and find my colour bind color bind pull
a blind friend the pro-gamer J he's
somewhere around here he says do you
know where Marks and Spencers I don't
have a don't literally have a clue that
we're gonna go and try and find him then
we can get this day started even though
it's like 6:00
oh my god oh my god oh my god yeah what
we actually did wash to do it very very
good question same thing we just was
like hey let's just roll up and just see
what happens so yeah we're just gonna
see what happens
excuse me taxi driver excuse me have you
ever heard of the pro-gamer J oh okay
then boys and girls we have just pulled
up to Selfridges literally my fifth time
here in the past two deck will not that
not two days but like this is literally
my I think third time here this week so
yeah I'm really not doing well at the
moment I'm spending everything I've got
okay I'm not actually but yeah here we
go I'm gonna get some stuff hopefully
I'll try and not spend too much guys
because you're really probably type in
your comments like mark spent all this
money I'm sorry guys I'm addicted I'm
addicted to shopping so Jay we're just
shopping for red clothes he's just said
this to me
okay basically I was wondering these as
Reds as my top he can't tell so he's
like are these bright now I need to know
it was a very minimal difference like
they're slightly more dog what does that
look like to you red no but like howdy I
don't know some people the cool bumpers
at his jokes oh he put me on duty to
find him shoes that matched his jumper
seriously I think I've done a good job
wait wait wait lots of other shoes
buying buying banking there we go no
you're actually looking good bro not
gonna lie I think about the girl right
now if I was you go right now I bet yeah
well then where this video is definitely
getting out restricted but yeah guys
first purchase goes to the pro gamer Jay
I'm one behind so it looks like I got
try and bring this back you know I got
to bring this back guys it dope though
they're really nice thank you I'm gonna
fill you up a lot but they are very nice
you're licking me up boy just when Jay
thought he was breaking a head your boy
mogs his back to put a spanner in his
plan okay first purchase of the day you
probably can't tell cuz the line in this
mirror is wavy but yeah it's just like a
basic teacher you get me it's pretty
basic just like me I mean no I'm not
basic I'm advanced but ya know I kinda
do rate you know I think it looks pretty
good on my skinny arms and my weird
chest I'm I get it realistically it's
only like 200 pound but I'm just gonna
tell Jay it's like it's like I must I
must say it's 820 if you believe me
this is gonna be hilarious okay Jay so
your boy just bought this right it was
100 was it wait what did I not tell you
the prize well it was eight twenty
you're 8 2004 minutes you're gonna do
one are you con no you I promise Pro
eight one who bore a nice capers just
pulled up he's downstairs we're gonna go
meet with him hopefully we can get some
called black flips I'm just gonna tell
him to like jump off of a roof and I'll
probably do it it's gonna be cool he's
downstairs let's go meet him we should
both prank hurry hey your shoe's will
like say they were like all right three
grand or something ridiculous freak one
yeah no say like say 2500 know if you
believe this is gonna be hilarious Jay I
think it's time you tell them about your
shoes
have a guess how much I spend on these
just ran which ones which ones
these fits looks those flip yeah that is
you cheap little yeah I don't know how
much you Gucci fit box I'm gonna say 400
400 who do you think I am a peasant okay
they were 2.5 don't lie
TiVo files no 2.5 how am i lying
building materials
kissing kissing believe that so we would
just like what you fancy and we're all
like Nando's we just check your phone
put in Nando's near me one just like two
minutes away just a beauty of London
there just like a Nando's around every
flippin corner okay boys and girls
ladies and a flippin gentle fish bunch
of reference right there your how what
he'll be doing a Jen you try not to like
you it be classes me I'll be very angry
but then it will be better quick mate so
so you know feel free just like give me
like a kick on the head as you do it
okay I think we do it yeah I think we do
it guys subscribe right now if you're
new drop a like on the video please
because if I get cluttered and my head
falls off like at least give me some
lights you feel me we've actually had a
change of plan okay we've decided the
clickbait needs to be up so what we're
gonna do we're gonna try and ask
strangers girls hot girls if if you can
flip over them we've already asked one
and we got a no but like if it's
necessary I may have to pluck the
20-pound no 25 for a video
okay so Morgan Morgan we're doing what
we doing what we're doing okay but let
me start the shot okay you guys income
no shout out to whoever Harry just
flipped over legend what girl just says
like yeah let's just let's just do a
flip but whatever right now I'm actually
gassed now like I am super flipping gas
we run where we will it bonds to awesome
we're all going back to Jason I it's
gonna be sick but man that just happened
yes never gonna burn we're there to know
we're gonna name it but never gonna say
goodbye never gonna tell a lie the guy
over there is low key playing bangers
man bangers wait Jay hold on hold on
hold on hold on yo I need to go tip this
guy 20 pound broke he's playing bangers
wakin across yo mine's about to kick
this guy 20 pound
that's my guy right there that's my guy
right there J Hoover is 50 power minimum
to your house I need to click bait more
what we saying I need to click play more
wait you down I'm down
yes it's 52 pounds to 69 you just take
baby he said it was 50 oh dear world 50
minimum bro 50 minimum 50 minimum
maximum 69 bro he's gone he's gone
he got clickbait it boy he broke check
out the new rise yeah yeah oh yes bro
no on the way to Jays place let's see
what happens by the mean ji heading off
to his wit basically I think we're just
I think we're just gonna hit up for
contestant like that because the
old-school guys on my channel will
remember these words what would you do
when you're born in the UK and there's
nothing else to do
24-hour freaking Tesco guys the upstairs
to Tesco is closed me and Jay are gonna
go up as it's closed
and see if we can cause somebody ruckus
don't try this at home kids wait wait
look what look check this out okay do we
do it just sneak through bo just sneak
through all right
am i nightscape I feel like nightscape
right oh my god there's two guys is the
two guys upstairs is closed okay can we
not sure okay okay my bad my bad I think
we gotta bail oh yeah this few things in
the way didn't see them nice escape
we're coming at you bro we're better
than you bro okay so this is the machine
which lets you print out photos from
your phone I'm gonna do it
let's see if we could have some fun with
this I've got some dodgy as photos in my
phone let's see what I can print now
I've got a film this is actually gonna
be really really funny okay boys and
girls print
oh that's just neat piece of one of them
always working
oh it were
well we say boys yeah
pain yes transition yeah 3 2 1 oh hey
Jay looking good Bob oh yeah I don't
know which side looks bad we got here
and we got here but wait wait wait you
can take that when you can take that one
because I got 10 off for god sakes
oh that was underwhelming I did get 10
now I've been why I agree to this what
are we to move them now okay let's just
leave them let's not leave them for
everyone to see all right skrt skrt skrt
skrt skrt so what I just might serve you
oh okay apparently that guy wasn't you
know over with a whole filming thing but
anyway we're heading back to Jay's right
now should we actually put that picture
on your the Fox Oh what Oh sugar not
your Fox you say I can see it don't know
he's seen us yes definitely acknowledged
us yeah he's gone he's definitely gone
now okay guys so I am currently in Jays
far as you can tell he's just gone to
bed today has been an actual mental day
I didn't realize it was gonna be so much
going on today we back flipped over
girls will help tesco and that may not
sound like the most interesting day but
I think it's been a frickin cold day so
if you're new here and you haven't
already subscribed what are you doing go
down there and smash me that subscribe I
feel like I'm a lot more dead in this
clip than the last one but yeah
tomorrow's vlog is gonna be really good
we've got a lot plan for tomorrow I
think I'm meeting back up with Harry
tomorrow and I starvin gave your tour
Jays apartment it's actually really cool
so I'm gonna do a lot in tomorrow's vlog
so come back tomorrow 6:00 p.m. for
another lip vlog you guys are gonna love
it but thank you all so much for
watching thank you all so much for the
support and as always I've been mugged
you guys been awesome and I'll see you
my next video peace out remember to
subscribe
mugsy's channel and don't forget to
leave a like if you have a big penis
thanks for watching
