we do we do oh my god oh my god oh my
god
hello guys are welcome back to another
way wait wait what what the what the
hell what the hell what are you hello
guys I'm welcome back to another vlog
today is gonna be a good day right now I
am in a random bathroom in London no
idea why I'm starting this video in a
bathroom okay that's a bit bad guys as
you know right now I am in a hotel in
London today's vlog is gonna be you know
a classic mould London vlog coming out
yeah got lots to do I'm rolling up to a
YouTube event to meet some of you guys
in this video is gonna be really really
fun and yeah there's gonna be loads of
youtubers in this video probably loads
that you know so keep watching and then
comment down below if you see a youtuber
that you know because you probably will
you should spot on this vlog so excuse
the noise out here but this is the view
we woke up to this morning
as you can see over there all the way in
the distance you've got the London Eye
because it's ginormous hotel across the
Moors we're on the top four guys as you
know I got us the top floor penthouse
because that's what I do and then over
here we just got some nice buildings in
the distance it's a really nice start to
the day it's a really nice start to the
day bro but yeah guys if you're new here
and you've never seen my face on your
screen before my name is mole's welcome
to the channel and if you haven't
already go down there and smash that
subscribe button to join the family and
also this is pretty cool let me go back
inside and show you this new merch why
is it folded good good
as you can see guys we just bring out
this brand new design in black t-shirt
white t-shirts why hoodies and then
black olives they'll be a link in
description wake and go get off some of
this new merch it literally came out a
few days ago it's selling really really
fast so be sure to be quick go get some
while you can and yeah guys don't miss
out but yet Kirsty what are we doing
today we're going through an event a
deal when we go in ah yeah exactly we
should have left the hotel like four
hours ago so we need to be ok it wasn't
four hours ago to be fair it was like
2:00 but still we'll a however there is
one thing
I need to do I need to give you guys the
mandatory hotel room tour after we've
stayed the night because every single
time I stay in hotel when I leave ends
up looking like absolute trash let me
show you what I mean so we look over
here in all fairness this wasn't my bed
this was hers but she's still kind of
trashed it we've got like we've got a
mirror over there I think she's taking
that we've got stuff there we've got
speaker actually that's not even a bad
thing but yeah to be fair I'm not gonna
like a Steve actually get this room in
pretty good he's done you've done good
you've done good but coming over here oh
they're not gonna be happy about this
we've got McDonald's come on funny story
actually
we shared McDonald's yesterday we shared
one chips between three of us who the
hell does that and then coming through
here we've got the bathroom now this is
always the room that gets trashed the
most we got tunnels bear bear bear this
water everywhere guys honestly I've
never actually gone to a hotel and not
trashed the bathroom it just happens
naturally and then this is me in a
Dill's bed where we were of course
spooning last night but yeah in all
fairness I haven't done too bad with
this room I mean it's in decent Nick
there's a Mars bar up on the floor
there's a bowl lid on the floor but yeah
guys that's about it for this hotel room
right now we're going off to Selfridges
I think I think we're gonna get in a
little bit last-minute shopping before
we roll up to the YouTube event it's
gonna be a good day guys trust me drop a
like right now if you're excited
subscribe if you're new and let's do
this
so we've just tried to order an uber
looks right the guy was 18 minutes away
and the journey is about 15 minutes so
like what the bloody hell is the point
of that looks like we're riding a buddy
Ford Focus screw the Yuba looks okay so
we're on the way to upload right now I
feel like I'm the guy that just turns up
to events
like literally out of nowhere like I
didn't tell you guys I was going
insomnia a little bit ago I didn't tell
you I was going to this event literally
I decided I was gonna be going to this
event
three days ago so I don't know who's
gonna be there I don't know how many
people I'm gonna meet I haven't got a
meet-and-greet
but we're gonna have to do happens guys
okay so we just rolled up to the event
took a few photos with some people on
the door check this out it's actually oh
yeah we're gonna try and get in now
there's literally people everywhere I
don't know if we're gonna be able to get
in I need to put my bag down I need to
put my bag down oh yeah guys this should
be fun okay so we just rolled up tall
old
legend
well Oh
okay thanks guys
again losers oh my god oh my god hey bro
what's your name oh my god legends oh my
god
we're even oh my what's down here I
don't know let's find out
what the bloody foot was that Jesus okay
I was bloody I thought it was gonna get
squashed literally yeah guys that wasn't
even my meet and greet I just I thought
I'd go for a walk and that happened guys
I've got a meeting great after this
let's see what happens bloody mental
stuff okay guys so I'm here in front of
my being green you will not believe how
many people turned up right everybody
scream in three two one
unfortunately I happen to be competing
against ksi in the people that you know
want to get me so I mean I think decent
competition right there but yeah guys
here we go three two one bang
guys for some reason one thing for some
reason it's got the freaking legends
jack brings a huge sack up our boat so
what we're gonna do once people start
coming in we're gonna throw them all out
and we've also got some more merch which
we may be given to people we'll have to
see you know what I'm saying
well yeah I'm excited hopefully it's
gonna be this guy's got the merge
freakin legend right here where's the
link like this guy this guy's a legend
if you answer this question correctly
you can get yourself a hot what breed is
my new dog
another person here with the absolute
legend weight working it by the link in
the description wait wait wait wait
where can they find the link in the
description there we go he knows that he
knows
tiny a freaking forehead right here bro
Hey
thank you sign up orange okay so I've
just dropped behind we've just finished
our upload now we're going to Nando's
right well seriously one thing led to
another and this right now is our squad
and we're genuinely trying to all get to
Nando's with this many people are you
actually taking the me realistically if
we want to get in Nando's with this many
people we're gonna have to get like 17
freaking tables like this is not gonna
happen
oh god no what's he doing now why is he
doing now get down from there okay he
actually did oh my god well headcount
guys seriously
this just was like a school trip why we
genuinely have like the entire event
trying to get into Nando's like this
just isn't gonna work right so Jack hook
tours and the boys we have a frickin
room Jack explain what is why so special
about this room bro words cannot
describe words cannot describe okay you
ready yo no no no this is are you joking
are you joking
oh are you joking genuinely what the
flip
we got the London Eye over there big
bend right there this is mental guys yo
for real Jack how much was this listen
that this literally must have been like
so powerfully seven I think you passed
or seven you know that makes that makes
perfect sense that makes perfect sense
apparently there's another balcony
there's another balcony I didn't even
know this right no this bad I'll
disappoint bro they spend on disappoint
okay tonight is gonna be freakin words
say subscribe to mugs subscribe to more
anyone down hey yo man goddammit take
over Jackson the next day
uber driver would you like some free man
would you like some free mary t-shirt
remember to subscribe watch this channel
don't forget to do the like
