are you ready guys this is what I call
the moving teddy prank on how old is he
it's just a baby this is very cool how
old is it a year and a half guys oh my
god guys oh my god what is he gonna do
hello guys and welcome back to another
video
oh is something um is something wrong
I left my phone man how could I forget
on a real though I think Pogue has
actually just gone back to sleep so I
mean I guess I'm actually gonna start my
video off like this I guess this is
actually gonna happen hello team Boggs
I'm welcome back to another video I hope
y'all having a good day
my day is started off very well I was
greeted by this cute little fella anyway
today believe it or knows not just gonna
be me pointing a camera in his face
however that's probably what you all won
today me my mom are looking after a baby
and I'm saying looking after him but
you've all read the title and you all
know what's going down I'm not actually
gonna be looking after him I mean don't
worry I'm not gonna be like hurting him
or anything but I'm gonna be playing a
little prank on him his bum is in my
face great start of the day let me come
by at you in like ten minutes when I
don't look like a slob and this dog bum
isn't in my stop get out of my face man
let me give me a give me a second guys
and bang you just like that looking good
I mean um I hope probably not well yeah
today is a Thursday it's currently 2:00
p.m. that's actually quite early for me
believe it or not and trust me this vlog
is gonna be an awesome one we've got so
much to do if you're new to the channel
one thing you need to learn is that on
this channel I love pranks I mean who
doesn't love pranks there's so much fun
so we're gonna kick this vlog off with a
prank on mom who Corley's down that cam
for a baby so I should probably be
careful with this one no I did is I went
ahead and bought this right here now
you're probably you're probably thinking
morgues 1f is that let me show you three
two one
okay guys so I
you can see this what I hear is the
teddy bear this is click that he's like
three times the size of me he's
absolutely massive and basically as well
as having clicked bear I also have a
ball of string and what I'm gonna do is
attach the string I'm gonna attach the
string to both of his arms so that
basically we can have a bit of this
going on I can do a mer-pup once I can
just make the teddy bear it's a little
string puppet this it's gonna be cool
what do you think Paul II way excited
for the prank oh you won't show it but
it Paul okay you just look at me you
just sniff in my face
so puggy are you excited for the prank
yeah
to be honest I'm nicely sure how I'm
gonna do it I think I'm just gonna have
to do huge pieces of string and then do
it through the door Paul yeah I think
that's what I'm gonna have to do do you
think it'll work
no okay let's put you down then we don't
need negative dogs on this channel so
yeah I guess I'm just gonna have to try
and attach the string to the teddy bears
hands right now
don't have a clue this is gonna work but
hey you don't know if you don't try and
we all just take a minute to appreciate
the size of the pole get compared to
click that why are you so cute you oh
yes oh you are just too cute guys this
is literally gonna be the coolest video
ever so look at that they're bonding
they're bonding already
oh no he's attacking him what are you
doing little pork is making out with
qlik bear come on I can't have you
making out with qlik bear okay let's sit
you on there by the way I forgot to say
click man nice talk I really like it
does that happen to be the embroidered
mhm Mortimer G we're in there bro the
red hoodie because I got a say bro it
looks really nice guys if you want to
get your own Mitch so you can look as
cool as click bar they'll be a link in
the description below go get your molds
merch yo just like that
click Barry's here he can move Holi is
here the thing is we can talk about the
prank in front of him because he doesn't
have a clue what's going on
oh for God's sake not again bro I'm not
even doing anything bro you got I'll be
crying on me man oh yeah guys check this
out we've got extra long strings good
thing
magic magic ball are you ready guys this
is what I call the moving teddy prank on
a how old is he
it's just a baby this is very cruel how
old is he a year and a half a year and a
half guys oh my god guys oh my god oh he
didn't like that he did not like that
bro it was me I'm sorry it was just a
prank
Paulie it was just a prank I'm sorry man
I'm sorry please forgive me forgive me
oh oh my god guys I'm currently signed
the bath don't ask me why it's a cool
place to chill can we just have a little
recap and just just reevaluate what just
happened bro he was fine he was happy
and we sat down and he started crying
that is not a good thing
bye guys I know my pranks are savage but
making a baby cry I do feel pretty bad
right now I ain't gonna lie I've never
done that before except for like when I
walked in and he saw my face because I'm
quite ugly well guys that was the baby
prank guys I don't even know how to
react to that baby if you're watching
this even though you like to and you you
know climb and talk or anything I'm
sorry bro I hope we cool if you want to
go to go get drinks later then I'm down
for that bro you know I'm sorry go any
guys the next part of this vlog is gonna
be insane okay then guys so we have just
arrived at the next destination and I
told you guys in fact she told you that
earlier we bought a house and guys and
we didn't buy a house I bought a house I
would say Aaron explained it but you'll
probably all think I'm lying to you
so I'm gonna let the idle with the big
words and the big pronunciation do all
the speaking there you go mom right okay
so we're going in now to sign for the
house we're running late we should have
been there 20 minutes ago so we need to
do this quickly but yeah it's gonna be
Morgan's house obviously you know it's
only 16 so it goes in my name but it's
his house and well am i moving in with
him I don't know let's see so yes you
heard that correctly we're about to go
in I'm about to go in and buy my first
house age 16
it's all in her name which means you
could legally take everything from me
that's why I gotta kind of treat a nice
and I may like move in with me but I
Bullis house all paid for by me I wanted
to get into a lot more investing with my
money and stuff that I made from YouTube
but I wanted to kind of expand into a
new place and properties really good
thing to invest in as it's just kind of
constantly going up but yeah I'm not
gonna show you around the house just yet
because the only thing we've been
actually going to look out the house
right now I'm gonna save it for a full
reveal I think we're moving in in about
a few months no four five six weeks six
weeks Oh guys gaghe sired all I'm gonna
say is this is a new start new
beginnings is going down he's going down
and yeah guys I'm taking you with me
this is gonna be so dope I can't wait
guys it's gonna be awesome
get excited we're gonna go in and sign
for the new house I'm gonna go inside
know it you're gonna sign for yeah
that's my house yeah I bought it but we
actually filmed in this house once
before and they are no real goals what
is this a month no they just don't want
you to film anymore she weren't
respectful enough for the property which
is you are a bit chaotic
yo but I'm flippin buying it bro I'm
 buying it so who are they just
say what I can't do it my house I'm
still gonna flip and send it guys I'm
gonna show him how let's go so this okay
so I just recorded an entire clip
walking from the house with the mic
turned off play the clip
but in the clip I basically said I just
bought the flipping house you know what
screw flipping I just bought the house
walking don't say that mom I'm obviously
gonna bleep it I do want my mom I don't
want the video to get monetized oh cool
yeah I'm frozen and I just bought the
browser yeah so yeah guys a long story
short we just did two hours of paperwork
it was like free when we went in or four
it's now like caught us six it's all
reserved guys all the deposits have been
put down and I just bought my first ever
house age 16 going up in the world doing
new things investing I'm going into the
adult world guys right now anyway
because we've just done loads of
paperwork because I just bought ours I
felt like I needed to reward myself so
me and her after Starbucks she needs the
coffee I need a drink and yeah guys that
was very stressful but very good I just
bought a house no wait wailed um I just
bought a house yeah Morgan just bought a
flipping house same mortgages but you
know same old and who's bought a house
mugging just but I love our voice went
like quieter she said it Oh still it
again boom no could you spot house Jerry
did mole Judas bought a house sorry a
guy's absolute madness right there
bargain is lot of house okay yeah all
right now off to Starbucks
Morgan is bought a house Mowgli's about
to get a Starbucks
I'm buddy over the moon I'm hype oh you
thought when I go to Starbucks I only
get one drink
oh oh yeah boy gets two drinks mum you
only get one drink coffee you got a
coffee I get I get me a little piece I'm
shoving him in my face how'd you like it
don't you like yeah boys and girls I
still can't believe it I just bought it
Yahoo oh my god guys are on the way home
right now
mental scenes oh Jesus guys I've just
arrived home a look on the stepmom come
here oh my god
look inside of it Oh God can we kill it
yo guys seriously tell me why it is 20
past 8:00 and I am absolutely dying of
tiredness I'm sorry a virtually falling
asleep
at 20 past flippin eight I mean I guess
it's probably a good thing because my
sleeping pad is always absolutely
terrible but I'm gonna have to end the
video guys or I'm gonna die guys one
more time if you're new here and you
haven't already subscribed what style
you're doing go down there and smash
that subscribe button and comment down
below something I don't know just
comment something they don't actually
comment the word something though one
more thing guys there is new merch
coming really really really soon guys
I'll tell you more about that once it's
alb I just thought like you know there
is merch coming very soon so save will
be pocket money guys thank you so much
for watching come back tomorrow at 6
p.m. for the next video and I'll see you
guys then as always I've involved you
guys been awesome and I'll see you in
the next video peace out remember to
subscribe to mugsy's channel and don't
forget to leave a like if you have a big
penis thanks for watching
