today's mystery box mystery box mystery
box I really know sure why I just took
my shirt off no good with the box using
mystery brand dot now as you can see
they have hundreds of boxes you can pick
I want to go through the boxes you all
know the items straight to your house
it's as simple as that as you can see I
have $1,000 to spend so we're about to
go crazy
we're gonna keep the video off with the
$20 popular box hui oh boys and girls we
curse a mushroom bluetooth
speaker you know hope you'll box you
want to give me a super speaker I'm
gonna have to go for the early popular
Hawks only joking I don't wanna face
your spinner super popular box that
reminds me of how I was in school super
popular I'm just joking
I had no friends next we've got the
$14.99 Apple boy box I am a boy and I
like apples so I'm gonna open and I'm
gonna open it while drinking a diet coke
this is officially the diet coke box
this popular
Holloway what can only just happened I
think I might have just broken my voice
box that but we just stopped and I food
guys that was mystery brunette all I
have to do now is order the items and in
a few days they will all be delivered
here at my house
Easy's and iPhone and iPad oh my gosh
what a start this as being guys keep
watching work and I'd open all these
items in this video right now I think
it's time we move on to the dark web
mystery box okay guys it's time for the
dark web mystery box as you can see is
completely dark outside right now and
we're on the way to pick up our mystery
box now the person we've ordered it from
has given us a set of coordinates we've
been driving for about an hour and we've
just arrived at the coordinates and this
is creepy check this out oh geez mantra
of any idea where we are
let me know if you see it okay you see
anyway it looks like when some sort cars
we always thought so hey stop stop stop
stop stop stop
guys do you see that you can get on game
I'm not going I'm looking well someone's
gonna get oh it's mine
why so even here
now turn your headlights off oh my god
oh my god wait stop stop stop stop stop
let me zoom in let me zoom in this looks
like something to write on the front can
you tell what it says warm warm me what
with all right drive closer let's get
closer walk keep going and keep going
keep going keep going keep going keep
going there's a massive hole in there
there's a massive hole in the ground oh
my gosh I think I can see what it says
I've zoomed him on the camera Oh mom it
says warning I'm going home no no no we
have to we have to have to we don't we
have I don't even want to open this box
Morgan I think it's too scary
what Paper Scissors for who asked they
go out and go there I usually win rock
paper scissors
okay now look Paper Scissors go
rock-paper-scissors don't take your eyes
off me yeah I'm not mom if anything
happens just come and get me yeah okay
mom get him he's right there it's right
there Oh God Oh
mom it was just a prank get the box like
an aureole thing leaning over big animal
they said is it there's a tree trunk no
no he's got a face I can see I'm going
now
I'm going all Morgan I can't do this
boys and girls right here I have a dark
web
mystery box now if you don't know all
the dark webOS is a part of the internet
that isn't detectable by search engines
what that basically means is that when
you're on the dark web
you are anonymous which means some
people use the dark web for very very
crazy stuff stuff they should not ever
be spoken about now right here I have a
dark web
mystery box I'm not sure if this is 100%
legit or not but I guess we're about to
find out do not try this at home
it's got fragile tape all over it I am
scared do we even do this mom no no no
okay guys let's move on to the for life
I'm joking
we're gonna have to do it this way it's
too late to turn back
oh my gosh oh my god what's happening
that is a horrible smell it smells like
dust oh gosh I don't know word FFA's got
ourselves into okay it's time for item
number one oh oh it's just like a doll
right weird it's got something on its
face look at his eyes supposed to look
does that see check the left hand right
hand I think it means now check the
right hand right foot she's really old
Morgan is your name what is your name
I thought it was anonymous oh my gosh
Oh My Jesus why is this it's some sort
of book wait it's got two five two one
on it what's two five two month
page number page number page number it's
got another number
I'm to see but why go away they circled
it's true what's true one tooth oh my
gosh okay it's true her body rose from
the corpse this is just no Morgan put it
up put it outside we're not doing this
anymore
Lila's not gonna shoot that gun six two
four six two four I do all the shooting
it's true I do all the shooting
oh no don't read it Morgan don't read
any more I know
Oh God
this is just this is wrong Oh God
I don't like it
Oh Morgan this is getting really creepy
we've got some baby clothes in her oh
this is weird this is just not what it
was
it's just that writing on it Morgan just
put it down Morgan please just bring
down I know who you are you should not
have done this Morgan you shouldn't have
done it
ah oh no oh no I just don't like the
chest so Morgan mg said that's me well
you know what at least this guy popped
the merch what is it oh please written
all over it I know I'm not saying
anything I just don't need to put it
down Morgan and we'll just put the box
back where we found it I just think
that's the best thing to do Morgan oh no
oh no no no no no no oh no Morgan this
is just wrong Oh No does it smell
this is getting worse everything's
getting worse Morgan as we go through it
please Morgan let's just call it a day
now
it's got worse and worse the journals
through the bar just this one thing we
know we are going to do anymore Borg and
I don't feel very uncomfortable
Moke and what is it
is it a body is it Morgan is it a
picture Morgan what is it tell me what
it is Morgan oh no oh my god that's the
new agey ball put back in the box now
please put it we're not doing this oh my
god if you look through this just put it
in the box now Morgan do not look at it
please Morgan don't do it Morgan do not
do that Morgan no oh my god oh my god
what's happening what can you see Morgan
what can you see God what's that Ben
think
what did you see can you say
was it bad no I can't Morgan what did
you see Morgan what did you see a few
moments later okay guys we're back
outside
that was super creepy but as you can see
from the box right here port night
mystery box from tilted towers and in
case you guys didn't know I've actually
mailed myself in a box to tilted towers
before so I can confirm that this box is
100% real item guys you already know
what's about to happen I'm repping the
four night merge that means it's time to
crack this box open and see what we got
in here
are you ready mom oh oh wow I cannot
believe what's in here you will not
believe your eyes when you see this Wow
no guys seriously though this fortnight
merch if you don't already is actually
my fortnight inspired no and it's gonna
be going off sale in one week and for
the final week this on sale I'm gonna
give you guys a 10 percent sale mug taco
link in description cop it before it's
gone
mummy ready for the next items really
ready oh hey
this rocket launcher oh my gosh
mommy yeah you serious yeah does this
look like a rocket launcher it just yeah
definitely guys this is a gold score but
let's test out if it actually works well
I guess it worked
Morgan oh oh oh my god here we go there
we go mom you wanted to try and shoot me
huh I'm back to 100 100 boy are you
gonna do now well Morgan oh hey hey hey
be careful with that thing you don't
even know that it's Morgan I'm not
stupid
it's a golden scar I mean impulse
grenade
well Mormon you may know the name of it
but you don't know how to use a weapon
like that Morgan watch me
Oh
Oh
guys that was the fortnight mystery box
make sure you caught the fall night
merge right now link in the description
but now it's time to move on to the
moment you've all been waiting for the
$1,000 mystery box
it's got deliveries guys vulcans asleep
at the moment and I remembered saying at
the start of this video is ordered a
1,000 pound mystery box and I know when
I did a mystery box I order some things
for Morgan so I'm just gonna have a
little peek because I think it's
probably ordered meat something in there
as well guys I know it's wrong to look
but I just want to let P let's do it
my you're not gonna believe the stuff
that's in here this is crazy
this is the best mystery box but there's
just one problem though that's not good
mystery box
this was me this could be mine guys I've
searched the entire box and this is the
only thing that could possibly be mine
more in shall we do it
oh I'm doing it I'm gonna have a look
oh my I can't believe these are the
original yeeeeesss these are really rad
that gosh she's got some eases ten and a
half they're a size 10 and a half oh not
for me I'm a six you know what these
aren't for me at all he hasn't got me
anything I've got any things when I did
my mystery box it's just for things
themself and they is so selfish I don't
believe that it's done this to me can't
even find me a tree when he spends a
thousand pounds on a mystery bowl this
is disgusting I'm not standing for this
I wanted these well if not having the
that's it Morgan guess what these are
mine well you know what Morgan this
mystery box is gonna turn into a real
mystery cuz those Yeezys have somehow
transferred into mom's old sandals don't
mess with mom Morgan if I want a present
you should get me one and now guys we
wait the more go to wake up
so that means now here is gone I Phonak
you go like food that's gone I go right
Oh Bruno do you want an iPhone X means
no guys check this out a completely
sealed brand new iPhone a second item
I've got it I've got it now this one I
am super excited for I've never even
seen one of these in realize before free
to guys
this right here is an iPad pro but no
these
it's an iPod but it's like the size of
my head can you see my head no no guys
I'm good iPhone here an iPod both
brand-new both completely awesome guys
I've been keeping this secret behind
giving away one of these either the
iPhone or the iPad no guys I know you're
League and you're probably thinking
moths how can we win these prizes if you
go download Instagram and go over to my
profile which is morgg's whitey I just
posted on that with all the details on
how you can win this is the only way you
could win yourself an iPad or iPhone
doing it in the description below a book
guys I'm pretty sure those with the
mystery bugs and guys this is the one I
am very excited up on the website I
don't even believe the website could
even get these shoes I want to see it to
believe it so guys let's do this free -
Oh guys check this out
Yeezy boost 350 these are the originals
baby yo these things are so super and
these for like the super pokémon cards
like these are super but you know what
guys I said I'm gonna wait until I see
it to believe it so free too
but how these are the eases before
they're the original uses are they mom
do these will have the original uses
look at them I never imagined all those
doesn't mean they're supposed to be
destroyed Oh totally sure these are from
the dark web
they've got wet balls strange it's very
strange isn't it
they link the schools that they think
well I just said Morgan two out of three
and bars are you joking are you joking
mom you don't understand I need those
easy the super rad he said I got them
I'll understand where are they
what Morgan obviously you've got two
really good things over that yeah I know
I'm super happy with those but I need to
find out where the shoes are easier well
then where the hell are the easy mystery
box I didn't think it was an actual mist
Manos please don't film me right now
really upset her so excited I've been
waiting for these for so long I've been
literally counting down the days I've
been sighted the doorstop literally
every morning like they're gonna arrive
but they're gonna arrive I thought they
were gonna be the actual pirate like
Easy's that's not just some stupid
footfalls I'm so small gun they're like
seriously I don't understand boy than
all these these like some sort of like
easy shoes I'm looking at the label
perhaps when he says that the original
easy they just mean they're like
original and it'd be more on this say H
summertime on the back base mum on the
back they says J H Oh
what does J hey stamp um-hm don't know
it stands for Jill Hudson don't act like
I don't know what you do on all of your
shoes guys she writes JH under them all
in case she loses them either got the J
hates that these are your shoes yeah you
take you my easy they can't say you all
about mystery right now the or shoe
you've taken my easy to replace them
with those ugly shoes how can you
explain this
it wasn't me Morgan Lynn who was it Oh
Martin do that will work for mine right
now we've gone out once we get it back
soon sometimes you have to wait for him
are waiting
they look awfully like my Yeezys from my
mystery box no no no easy
what they are no there are imitation
ones that you bought mine out the from
your okay no these are completely real
that size as well are you sure Morgan
I've got confession to make well both
sides you're just gonna have to go to
Maine you grabbed bull whitey and actor
big giveaway just like everyone else
guys I've been more to being awesome and
I'll see you in my next video peace out
