whoa can you give us an update on the
beef the beef the B can you tell us the
truth and are you now friend Oh gonna
have the foot pain no the video today me
mama and the new dog who stole another
name are gonna be taking on some
questions from you guys does he got to
answer some questions yes to the first
question new dog how are you enjoying
living with us look at mabie's charts
answer the questions few actions rather
than words yeah I told it look at Morgan
so today's Q&A is gonna be a little bit
different because mom is actually gonna
be asking me the questions she tweeted
out her - it's asking for questions and
she has got full control I am vulnerable
today I am scared I am nervous she's got
the power so if you guys are new to the
channel hello my name is Morgan this is
our unnamed poll this is mom over here
and if you're not already subscribed and
why the hell you subscribe get you poor
boy fest and go on the subscribe button
do right now I ain't stop it until
you've done it I have no clue what to
expect she could hit me with absolutely
anything anything anything anything
anything anything okay we're establish
you can hit me with anything you have
anything what you normally do ah
anything it's Morgan transgender good
question is that where you like to dress
in women's things if there's the case
then I guess I am transgender because
I do like dressing in women's things
question I've got no transgender the
next question and this is quite analysis
one I thing and I think I know the
answer who is the most popular in the
house who is the most popular in the
house I throw it you'd both on to this
on three so I think it's obvious who is
ok to 1 megohm good no I said then you
around about you said no can you so the
next question is this a good question
again can you two one to prank Salman in
a prank
yeah three two one stop let's prime so
huming him on your phone and say that
we've an accident with the new doll he's
ran off he's run off for a hole in the
garden yeah these are snakes
okay guys drop a line right now if
you're excited comment down below if you
think this prank is gonna work send the
problem guys we're gonna call in back
later on in this video we're just gonna
keep calling him he is getting pranked
in this video don't you worry okay guys
so you're not only should believe what
just happened I don't think you're
actually gonna believe it but Paul just
started to we on mundum so we just have
to deal with that but anyway guys this
show must go on so let's get on to the
next question does Morgan or me at the
favorite up another good question
so more but what is I guess your
favorite on that one that we saw sound
use that makes me look really beautiful
you mean the one I guess to annoy your
wrinkles in that lucky I can tell I can
tell why that's a failure now go to same
favorite at the moment has to be tops
kick 2018 she'll be like Morgan you
wanna have a conversation I'll be like
and this is the football-related up and
I'm not gonna lie the main reason I like
this app is because I'm absolutely
terrible at football I like to get into
my own virtual world to be fair Morgan
you're not pretty bad at football I've
seen you play so top skate 2018 isn't
that where you can open football card
packs trade them around with your
friends and football fans from all
around the world and of course you could
trade them with your mom and grandmas
and grandmas and goldfish I'd say my
best card so far probably the Manchester
City Yaya tour√©
one we told you about is the brand-new
best 11 game mode it's a really fun
minigame you actually like move the
football up and down the pitch and it's
like it's really fun so for example you
can kind of see on the screen now how it
works it's really fun literally like so
addictive haven't been off this out much
at all now to enter the best eleven in
the next seven days you need to enter
and score as many goals as you can
unlock as many pots as you can then
create the best Lionel now there's two
ways that you can improve your squad
dies by training players and increasing
your manager level by scoring goals so
as you can see this is the team I'm
currently rocking with so what I'm gonna
do is show you how best 11 works you
have to work your way off of the pitch
we've scored 61 and the opponents have
scored 56 so that means that we win this
battle and we played a forward pass you
can see where right in front of goal so
we will score a goal so let's see if we
can win we've scored 63 and while the
opponent's gonna score 57 so that means
that we score a goal we've won that game
three nil in the end let's claim our
victory pact and there we go we got
Garber and there's loads of prizes up
for grabs like copies of FIFA 18 and
loads of in-game stuff like even 100,000
coins
dancing now until the four-team nation
screenshots of your lineup two tops kick
and of course me using the hashtag kick
18 to be in with a chance of winning me
and talks will be retweeting our
favorite entries throughout the week and
picking the winners on the 14 but yeah I
mean I guess sounds easy question I gave
more detail there but hey it's a freakin
good ah the next question whoa can you
give us an update on the beef the beef
the B can you tell us the truth and are
you now friends Oh Dan they are not
ready for this I guess I think the best
way to do this is for us both to say our
opinions on the situation so we can kind
of get feel for how we both are I need
to know well we're both artists oh yeah
what you can go first
even though it's my channel you can go
first if you do cut again we're not
friends
so my opinion on beef is always our beef
on a Sunday I'm it with the Oscar
puddings and roast potatoes well I'm
gonna give my answer I'm not gonna give
a stupid answer now my opinion on the
beef is that I far prefer pork pork is
so much nicer
Clou beef I don't like beef I've never
really forgiven mom because I still feel
like you know that the prank with is Eva
the dog at the start was way too far and
the fact they should go there you know I
can't just forget about that and then
obviously make a load of videos chat
about it but at the same time I can
admit that I was also in the wrong I'm
not just gonna sit here and be like it
was all her so I'm not gonna say like
I'm gonna say like I still want a beef
with her and that however I will say is
she's not in the clear like the pranks
are still gonna come be just cuz you
bought me a dog about like I appreciate
it
I'm not gonna be like I don't like
you're into them with the beef still go
and they won't really want this choice
for me I'm still gonna you know prank
your salad for finish okay you agree
with situation
as far as I'm concerned the beef is
still on only kidding but I remember
still up
let's see what happens for now I think
we're okay but I'm not saying for
tonight just for tonight okay she'll
read that back I think it's time to try
and bring back the bud let's try and
ring Darrin but come on calm down you
Greg well dear God save Darrin come with
prank anybody else Oh who's handsome man
despair the Martin a there is not some
young man with dog hair I'll tell you
what I'm talking about mine
mine isn't in right now he's not round
at the moment so she would just try
prank it in Martin it's me Martin Magoo
yeah we've got problem the dogs gone
we've lost the dog in the garden where
the dog was outside the dog was outside
I've been away and it got out it got out
and we await but we've lost these just
gone and with most muggers looking for
it now and I need you to come in hell
cuz it's gone it's just gone out of the
garden no real when you tell me she's
crying she's crying
we don't know my boy we got away is he
on the way right now so Jean we should
just Lancome all over and just just keep
on question yeah why was mogs dis track
so bad everyone was complaining it was
too sure it was all up in four lines
it's not about the quality quantity is
about the quality
oh sorry I'm sorry about it she made me
do it
he made me do it mind I know here
watching this brooch she made me do it
well since I'm in center spotlight seems
mom is finally out of the way thank you
all so much for watching this video well
guys if you're new here and you haven't
already subscribed what the flip are you
doing like your may as well you've watch
to the end why you already subscribe
like did you not like what you saw was
it mom a police are not put her in more
videos but if you do want to see mom and
it was me they didn't like she has her
own channel and there is a link in the
description below go show us some blog
go comment down below Lourdes mom is old
actually go do that right now like I
don't know where that came from I
actually go do that right now yeah yeah
mommy's old go comment more gamora's old
on our last video let's see if we can
flood the conversation guys let's do it
and also a huge shout out to tops kid
2018 for sponsoring this video genuinely
such a fun art I don't know if you guys
remember but actually told you about
them a little bit go and obviously they
just brought the new minigames I felt
like I had to tell you guys it's so much
fun if you want to win some prizes and
cool stuff go download the app and if
you want more details about the
competitions and everything check the
description in this video because it
will all be down there one more thing
guys
you've made it to the end go comment
down below hashtag end squads and squad
because I'll see your comments and I'll
know that you are the true and squad but
one more time guys thank you all so much
for watching and as always I've been
your boy moles you guys been awesome and
I'll see you in my next video peace out
