hello guys welcome back to another video
and today is pranking time come at me
come at me bro put these down first I
could tell you what we're doing today
now today I've teamed up with Nintendo
to bring you another crazy prank and you
probably wondering malls who you're
gonna be pranking actually I don't think
any of you want enough because there's
only one person in my pranking book at
the moment and those more as you know
were involved in a lot of ever heated
rivalry and today I'm gonna be once
again cool and a down with the help of
these brand new splatoon blasters now
just before telling you more about this
prank if you're new to the channel
remember to go down there and smash that
subscribe button
join the family if you don't already
know this is the channel where we
basically just prank mum every video is
just pranking mom now I'm joking but
guys we love to prank on this channel we
love to have fun and today I'm gonna be
bringing you a really really fun video
it's gonna be a really good one so let
me tell you guys a little bit about the
prank I'm gonna be doing today now mom
is currently outside sleeping and you're
probably thinking it's not a good idea
to be showering there Morgan I've shut
all the doors and she's a deep sleeper
so I think I'm okay and if she's
listening right now and I guess we'll
just have to do a prank later no but
today's prank is gonna get really really
slimy as you know I am an expert slime
I've built a slime pool slime BAFF and
today I'm gonna be doing a slime prank
on mom and I'm thinking the way I'm
gonna do this prank is by going up to my
balcony and trying to actually spray mom
with the slime blasted shout out to mine
on the camera like and he sided with me
and mom I'm gonna be out there she I
just want to tell you a little bit more
about these new splatoon blasters and
also some of the horse install the
Nintendo
and then they've kindly sent to me and
deep down I have a huge Nintendo fanboy
so I am very very excited right now now
this is a new splatoon quick shot
blaster it shoes targets up to 20 feet
away with the slime and it works for 50
shots and you even get extra canister in
the box and you're probably thinking
mortgage you might demonstrate in this
blaster of course I don't okay some sort
of fetish things away from the fridge
let's see if it can reach it Oh classic
and in the box you even get a pair of
these goggles which I ain't gonna lie I
think I can rock guys can I rock them
and this right here is the new splatoon
splatter shop blaster that is actually
tricky to say and this can shoot targets
up to 30 feet away and you can have over
100 shots with this blaster 3 2 1 Oh mum
seriously isn't ready for this and now
I'm going to do is show you some of the
other awesome stuff that Nintendo sent
out to me starting with these 4 inch
figures now we've got some Mario ones
over here got some other Nintendo
characters over here now these figures
are 4-inch and they have 11 points of
articulation as you can see we've got
Mario Yoshi we've got like star Mario's
anyway we've got villager we've got link
now they also sent us some splatoon
splat balls which literally looks so
much fun a ginormous orange squid jumbo
plush and then three more pushes which
actually have their own sound okay I'm
having way too much fun there I need to
calm down and then they also sent us out
another one of each of the blasters so
that's also really cool I haven't
actually opened many of them yes I'm
just gonna whip open a Mario right now
but right now we need to get into prank
mode because mum is going down okay so
me and mine have just come upstairs he's
holding the blasters for me mom is
asleep she literally couldn't be in a
better position from the balcony we just
had a quick look and I think she's
actually stolen my earphones she was
think she's asleep so we're just gonna
go check again we did weigh about 20
minutes into but yeah mine what you
think is actually true isn't it excuse
me you should do something about that
okay so apparently now this is actually
happening so I'm ready I guess I guess
guys comment down below who he thinks go
win team obviously team um okay so mo
you ready though I'm ready come on we're
just kind of like how about 10 seconds
to like get into a yo like range yeah I
think so
Martinus man down man down
just typical mom always running off
does that mean you work cause II don't
what you think's to that commit okay
just go round suit up
you fell for that one why I'm single
actually really enjoy well guys I mean I
guess that's where we're gonna end this
video comment down below who you thought
one I literally got blasted into a pool
she got pulled into a pool but seriously
guys those blasters that World War we
had and of course the prize was actually
so much fun so a huge shout out to
Nintendo for sponsoring this video go
check out their social media there'll be
links in the description where you can
click read all about the product so guys
thank also for watching the war between
mean you continue so get out of my way
thanks also for watching and as always
I've involved you guys been awesome and
I'll see you in the next video please
