to everyone
hello guys I'm today me mom are gonna be
making the biggest power of all time you
want me to help you then don't throw
things come on come on mine come on lion
just for this - no you asked for this
you bought me a present and then you
broke it why would you do that so guys
as you know today you Mena are gonna be
teaming up against both of our wills we
just kind of need each other we're gonna
coexist coexist okay coexist I look like
I'm okay I don't care if you okay or not
and we're gonna be making the biggest
Lego slash Mega Bloks Tower ever before
creator dies we've got loads of pipes of
Mega Bloks and this is gonna be
absolutely legendary no guys if you're
new to my channel and you haven't seen
my face on your screen before then go
down there and smash that subscribe on
right now to join team org slash show
Teen Mom that we are the strongest army
out there and she has got nothing on us
go down there smash that subscribe
button subscribe to if you want terrible
content I lie you down there go smash a
like on the video I'm thinking we go for
about 20,000 likes on this video we go
for something big go down there smash
alike smash to subscribe let's do this
by the way mama made a wrap up about
mind you wanna hear it don't hear it
guys sir it's a nice wrap his name is
Martin green boys face is always red he
goes out with mom it must be brain dead
so guys we've got six bags of member men
of many
mega bloks guys we've got loads of
pieces in here and we're just gonna try
and make a tower which will go all the
way up we don't know how high it's gonna
get but we're just gonna get started
okay - yeah the base make own base
that's the base that's the basic table
that steak yep oh yeah look at that mom
looking at you idiot oh yeah okay so you
hold the base and I'll put them on I'm
gonna put every every four blocks big
one
together and this is gonna get some real
well don't ever leave in the
conversation mum is an idiot well I'm
mum goes and gets chairs guys remember
to comment down below whose team you're
on team mugs or team moms and you know
what guys go and spam our video with
hashtag team orgs comments oh my god
with in green what do you go look at one
go what what can you do you're killing
it
yo oh wait it's not rich table I think
we have to put on the floor there we go
the tower wait wait wait mom she was
switch the two blocks no we need to do a
more for box and then switch to - yes
okay we've gotta keep looking there
Martin can you say any Falls transition
into twos yeah no we should use them
horns transition into a long wall you
you know we should have done what places
what place you know what Martin you ever
go on taking the camera I can't do it my
leg god okay what's judges your YouTube
gonna go for then seeing as you two want
to talk or they like your experts mine
right your
I see this one at all my real eggs but
what are you guys solid bit anyway
straight to pin one okay this guy he's
yeah well they're actually they kind of
know what they're doing I kind of start
again I'm gonna got one more go and if
you break it it's finished okay nope my
bad my bad
my my bad my bad
we've got a walkout
ladies and gents this is actually a big
milestone for the first time yet
rightfully having to stand up to build
on it like this is groundbreaking
well done Palmer head pat on the head
pat on the head
guys we're making big movements here
he's turned me and more my going for it
now a little bit and hard think we're
doing good we're all doing good guys
she's locked down man yo let's do that
like that yeah look any more I stand on
a chair Mike I stand on a chair under
the chair man
all right this is a new strategy guys
what I'm gonna do I'm gonna make a mini
tower stand on the chair and then put
the mini tower on top of the big okay we
need to get this one okay okay mom what
the flip do we do now mom how about if
we dig up and then build it from the
middle yes yes no mom I just felt the
first drift of sweat come from me
I am dripping sweat these towels don't
build themselves bro okay
stupid
okay guys literally 15 minutes later
lots of drip sweat later lots of work
later was of sweaty boys later guys this
is what we've got it stands tall it
stands proud and basically we can't
physically reach anymore so what's the
plan mom's gonna have to go to the
balcony see if we can lean over but I
don't know we can't see so Rizzoli we're
gonna have to try we're gonna have to
try guys okay guys I just went and
dipped my face and hair in some ice-cold
water so I'm feeling good right now but
yeah we're up here in the bedroom of mum
which is obviously the balcony we've got
bald Bulgaria we've got big Bulgaria and
we've got all the mega bloks guys we're
experimenting with some different styles
if I take you down here as you can see
oh man it ain't gonna be easy guys it
really ain't gonna be easy but yeah
we've got a lot of height here so it
build it from here
yeah and then we've got to try in okay
oh my gosh okay wait so directing we're
just like oh god don't reach mom yeah
but you've got channel you hold it you
hold it you hold it oh my god oh my god
oh my god no guys when life gives you
lemons what do you do you put the lemons
in a blender and you make some frickin
juice okay what we're gonna do right now
is we're gonna replant okay
self-evaluate
we've assessed our performances and
we're gonna make it a hell of a lot of
bad guys as you can see right here you
have this weird thing which you can
stand on and obviously the tower is at
the height of that so what we thought if
we slide the tower across do that I can
stand on that and we can make the tower
literally the same high even maybe even
bigger if we can make it stable guys
we're gonna get started right now with
operation power part 2 let's do this yo
so I just went to the toilet I'm not
gonna lie I may have had a cheeky uh
we'd have to talk about that Oh
I've been pooing they've been building I
ain't gonna lie yo yo yo yo yo G's
they've actually smashed it but you we
shall babe we can take it do I go on
there and build it bigger I think I do
okay I need to take on the flip-flops
actually I don't want them on there's
bird poo everywhere it smells like you
mom it smells like worse than you find
the floor good you're very sweet no oh
okay okay
oh so tall we can get it before it falls
the inevitable is gonna happen we made
your bendy
okay we got that stable let's keep going
Mike on bro let's keep going all right
last bit mum last bit this is the grand
finale yeah
yeah okay I'm getting off I'm getting
off right right now because my no okay
screw the grand finale let's just put
that on okay that's good enough for me
I'm taking off I'm kidding guys there we
go my feet still smell like bird poo can
you smell it
yeah I tried to wash them guys it ain't
coming on guys as you can see we
finished the tower it's impressive
it's ginormous and there's only one more
thing to do to it and you know what it
is well we're about to break the tower
however there's only one way to do it
and mum it's gotta be slow-mo it's gotta
be slow mo guys five four three two one
roll the slow-motion
okay guys that is the end of this video
I'm not gonna lie we got further than I
originally expected I didn't think we'd
have enough blocks the problem was more
the blocks would is not very good
screw mega blocks they're terrible but
yeah guys thank you all so much watching
this video if you've enjoyed you already
note to do go down there smash a like on
the video the like goal is 20,000 go
down there smash alike and while you're
down there I remember to go down there
and subscribe to my channel and also
subscribe nope not actually no
definitely don't do that one don't do
that one but guys I guess thank you so
much to mark him for helping he was a
real real help in hand one just kinda
just was a nuisance but yeah guys die
Gozo drugs in the video comment down
below why should do next what crazy
challenge I should do next and guys I'll
see you in the next video please
out if you enjoyed this video then
remember to subscribe to mugsy's channel
and don't forget to leave a like if you
have a big penis thanks for watching
this happened
