today we're going to be playing
hands-down the most epic game of all
time a game about intense strategy and
battling a game where you and your army
go head-to-head with the enemy to try
and take down each other's castles a
game that will make your fingers tingle
that's right of course I'm talking about
battle cars yes
battle cars now something maybe start
their thinking molds you cheese stirring
ahead kid what the hell is battle cats
and let me let me let me tell you now
battle cast is a game where you and
another team compete to take over each
other's castles however instead of being
like you know an army of soldiers you're
an army a freaking cat battle cows
woof-woof-woof oh wait hold on that sir
that's dogs isn't it my bad now
basically I've kind of always been more
of a dog person however after
downloading this app I don't even one
Bruno anymore
I want a freaking cat right now who even
needs dogs when you've got cats battle
cats now I was gonna say it and tell you
all about this app however that's not
the way we do on this channel and I get
straight into a game and show you the
epicness of the cats okay so as you can
tell we're on the app right now and to
make this a little bit more interesting
because I personally feel that I am the
best battle cutter in the entire
universe if I lose a game on battle cats
then I will have to do a forfeit in this
video and what is the fault but you may
ask I will have to be pushed into the
pool and even worse than that I will
have to let mum push me into the pool
it's freezing cold I don't want to go in
the damn pool so I'm gonna play Bobcats
and I am gonna lose less
do this so as you can see you've got two
chapters chapter 1 and chapter 2 I'm
thinking we start chapter 1 oh man we
just got a bonus we just got a daily
bonus I'll take that indeed I'll friggin
take that we only know the special bonus
we got a cat ticket I'm loving this free
freaking special bonuses oh man I am
killing it I aren't killing it it only
makes sense to start on the United
Kingdom because England is my city so
we're gonna get straight into this UK
United Kingdom attack let's get this
battle cat started so real quick guys
this is how the game works this is my
base here as you can see if you scroll
across this is the enemy base as you can
see it's the London Eye because
obviously we are against it we are
against the UK they're gonna send out
troops you're trying to attack my base
and I've got to send out troops o-type
their base but as you can see the troops
are freaking cars so I've got a muscly
cut there I've got a boxcar which can we
all agree looks like a freaking
refrigerator look at the rectangular car
that looks like a big refrigerator then
I've got another cut right here I'm
gonna show this one is but he's got a
top part and he's got some coal he looks
freaking cool and then here get ready to
see the best car you're ever gonna see
in your entire life 3 2 1 what pow
would you look at that have you ever
seen a pair of legs look better than
that oh my goodness I never knew a cat
could look so freakin good guys pretty
crazy and then finally our final card
that I'm gonna be using today it has a
freaking chainsaw oh geez okay okay
looks like we've got to get serious mode
on you came just sent out an elephant
and they are not easy to be I'm gonna
spoil that although more cats purr purr
hmm you're better okay there we go
we've got a new squad of cats coming
dial ofin it's not gonna be easy to take
down guys look at the size of that it's
bigger than the Buddy London Eye but
yeah as you can see we've got the Oh
behind right now we're pushing onto
their side and you know what guys say
hello to my little friend we're gonna
fire the cat cannon three two one bang
okay here we go
he's gonna take out okay didn't take out
the elephant bad news
oh the ovens gone the elephant is gone
looks like we're closing on another wing
guys I'm gonna spot out some March it
was just in case oh yeah big fans going
down big bands going down Big Ben is
going down come on we can do it come on
come on come on dude that defending they
defend him well ain't gonna lie they are
defending well I call this gotta be it
isn't over it's gotta be over more
troops are frankly coming in more troops
are coming in and there we go ladies and
gentlemen another victory for me the
battle cat King right here there we go
we got some XP let's click ok there we
go guys solid win in the bag already for
your boy morg
I'm freaking kill in this game so yeah
that was just a quick introduction to
this game basically you spawn download
the cards you can get all different cuts
and you have to take on the enemy team
of animals and other awesome stuff and
trying to touch their base before they
attack yours it's pretty simple so we're
gonna get stuck into another level
actually before that I think we should
open some cat capsules we've got some
cat food imma open one right now here we
go
what are we gonna get come on let's get
a super-rare that's good guys we got a
super rare that is really rare we got
the Volta car he's got a freaking pole
he looks pretty swaggy oh my god I'll
actually happy you guys you don't
understand that's actually really really
good like oh my god I may be freaking
out a little bit
but there's a good car meow I've just
smashed there okay we're gonna get stuck
into another level let's raise the
difficulty a bit we're gonna go from the
freaking moon for sure with your Hawaii
Hawaii or the moon I think we should do
the moon let's be honest oh my gosh
they've sent out ahead there Santa's
head and he's bald is that Martin okay I
need to get some troops down there
coming fast they've actually sent out a
big bald man and I ain't gonna lie it
kind of looks like Martin I've got a
feeling that's gonna be damn hard to
take down
so we're gonna get some troops going
spawn another refrigerator spawn another
muscle car guys do you know what time is
I think it's time we bring out the legs
I ain't gonna lie guys I don't know
gonna be able to take down that head it
looks very intimidating right now we're
closing in on it oh my gosh okay okay
eat you die oh okay I'm getting from
freakin troops out no time to mess about
I am getting some freakin troops down
right now I'm down to one cat lake okay
get some more I didn't realize I need to
concentrate more I need to concentrate
more we are in big trouble here I'm a
level up I'm gonna level at my troops
okay here we go get another Lakes cut
down it's very even guys we met like
right in the middle the head is just not
going down we can't take down Martin we
literally can't take down Martin he's a
pretty big lad in real life but for real
in this game he ain't going down easy
my troops are getting murdered here I
need to spawn some more you know this is
actually gonna be a long than I expected
I'm good at this game but this is gonna
be a challenge the head will not go down
it's still here it's getting closer oh
gosh it's just eating away it just
killed free at once okay troops are
League troops
I need caps I need ballot cuts only
ballot cuts right now okay yo that guy
had a good time Ozzy he's got he's kind
of been stabbed right there let's born a
surfboard cats oh no they've got a
kangaroo the enemy has a kangaroo I will
repeat the enemy has a kangaroo and he's
boxing me oh my god no come on come on
come on come on I need money I need
money I need to pay them troops and he
divides them troops blood Oh mine okay
this is even this is dead even we are
dead in the center look at this we are
dead in the center right now I know
spawn another kangaroo and a gorilla we
are in serious trouble right now guys if
I lose right here then I'm going in the
pool and I do not want to go in the pool
I'm warming here it's nice inside I
don't want to go in a pool there's only
one thing to do in this situation
fire the cannon it didn't take out any
of them this is intense battling right
here
I need a struct I need I need a new
strategy this is intense I've never been
more nervous in my life guys I'm a sport
out some more here we go we got the
troops coming let's switch back
spawn out there
I didn't even know I had that oh my gosh
okay wait
we've saved up for the big boy 3000 to
buy let's see what it is
Martin get ready oh there we go punch to
mine wait didn't oh my god mine is still
not down yo for real how the hell do we
beat Martin look at this we are still
losing this battle but wait soon as we
take it down the moment we've all been
waiting for
and now we're in I light in them wherein
I lighten them Martin couldn't protect
you forever could he yours are still
defending it pretty well I ain't gonna
lie I mean I don't want to jinx himself
when it didn't book come on there we go
there we go you are looking at the
battle cats King right here Martin was a
problem he was a problem but not anymore
we took him down
we showed resilience who showed strategy
so we're gonna move on now to the last
stage we're gonna go for the hardest
stage in the entire game I want to step
it up I wanna test myself however I do
not know if I'm gonna be able to take
this one down
boom people let's open some more cat
capsules and si-wing anyone super rare
I'm gonna do one capsule let's see what
we get okay
it wasn't a super rare but hey it's cool
I got a mecha like it like it not not
maker I'm a cat but mere make cat like
me cat
yeah let's move on to the final cost in
the game okay we're switching up
completely we go into the emperor of
darkness this is a whole new game this
is a whole new thing now the hardest
game on the course on here is the moon
however we kind of just did that so
we're all gonna do Hawaii however this
is still gonna be a lot harder guys yo
ain't looking too bad first are only one
Rhino or hippo or whatever you call it
we got a penguin we got some stick man I
think we're gonna be okay hey guys let's
just start easy let's spawn a few of
these let's get a box cut out there we
go let's just bonding of the muscle car
and let's go for a leg yeah we gotta get
them legs out you're not much of a
challenge so far I ain't gonna lie I
think this is your
this is gonna be a pretty easy but oh
you know I was expecting more let's get
some cats down ain't gonna live if it
stays like this it's gonna be another
easy victory for mobs I'm not I'm not
doing terminated so firing and Ally
you're those penguins aren't gonna stop
me they ain't gonna stop the king
penguin they ain't gonna stop the Queen
the Queen the Queen ah they've sent out
two gorillas well that's nothing
compared to my surfboard car it's time
for a chainsaw car go do your thing out
there buddy make me proud on the
battlefield okay they spawned a big red
seal or otter
don't really know what it is but it
doesn't look like it's gonna be oh it's
got big teeth
oh they sent out a kangaroo oh no I
don't know the one yet they are
defending well they are defending well
here this is hard to watch yo I'm gonna
step up a bit I'm a gopher and I go for
one of them okay they pushed up the
bowel they pushed up okay they pushed
off there's nothing that killed everyone
they have killed everyone get some more
troops out quick
okay they're pushing they are pushing
for oh now oh no guys this is um this
isn't going too well let's spawn some
more stuff come on come on come on you
think you can spawn two of them I'm
aboard all that ha ha oh goodness not
another kangaroo man is that really
necessary come on man okay I'm a level
up a little bit I'll make the money come
in faster okay come on come on come on
come on let's go for this point of the
light cut down let's go for a
refrigerator I don't know if it is a
refrigerator by the way it's just a
rectangle but it just looks like a
refrigerator oh not another elephant is
that really necessary
what did I do to deserve that you know
what guys fire that cannon yeah it did
didn't know my gosh okay we're all alone
just keep spawning just keep oh not
another one was that really necessary
no oh god I'm laying my money go oh no
again each opponent one of them okay
okay okay oh I'm just making weird
noises I am going to decide making weird
noises but I am getting destroyed right
here oh my gosh oh my gosh if I lose I
am
nopal if I lose out here I'm literally
going in the pool I can't let my mom
push me in the pool
sighs too humiliating I can't let that
happen just keep oh yes we took one down
we're doing this guys the comeback is on
Oh No oh my gosh no oh okay okay
kill that kangaroo get that kangaroo out
here it was sneaky that he snuck up on
me
he literally snuck up on me I ain't no I
there we go that's why I'm going to
sneak up on the second hardest level in
the game am I gonna win I got a lot of
cats right now all up against this damn
Rhino there's another owl no I never
know if it's a rhino or Knob or whatever
it looks like one and we got it we got
one of them we took one of them out okay
oh not another kangaroo bang bang oh my
gosh okay good luck taking him down you
stupid kangaroo be taking the base oh oh
okay took him out he took them out fire
that cannon well what what no no they
just took him out what do I do
spawn that okay okay okay shields bad
shield bash your specials bad bang okay
he's gone a polar bear husband taken the
Rhinos pushing the kangaroo watch that
kangaroo
don't let the kangaroo get past you
please oh no oh no oh no oh no no no I
can't take this many hits my base
contact my base can't take this my base
cannot take this sexy
all guys that was them that was bad cuts
they'll be a link for you to download it
in the description down below but right
now I have to go and let my mum push me
in the pool go download the app you'll
probably be better than me
so guys you're outside right now and
it's time for the forfeit obviously I
started very well about cats however I
just I couldn't take the hardest level
in the game however I want you guys to
go download the app and tell me if you
can take the hardest level see if you're
better than me you probably are but
right now it's time for the forfeit I
did say if I lost I would be pushed in
the pool and the only other person who
can push him in the pool happens to be
mum which is very humiliating for me but
you got me you got to do what you got to
do so
I mean I'm gonna just stand here
oh so guys I may as well just end this
video in the pool sign the pool of my
own humiliation guys remember to go down
to the description below and download
ball caps huge thank you to them for
sponsoring this video there'll be a link
in the description as I said where you
can download the apps 'if you buy than
me see if you like I think it's a really
really fun game and also comment down
below in the conversation if you want me
to do another video on Bobcats I had
loads of fun and except for this
obviously so guys tell me if you want
another podcast video and finally guys
thank you all so much for watching and
as always I've been more you guys been
awesome I've been very wet and cold and
I'll see you in the next video proves
out if you enjoyed the video then
remember to subscribe to mugsy's channel
and don't forget to leave a like if you
have a big penis thanks for watching
