what I'm gonna do right now is go
upstairs and I'm gonna find the
discharge right freakin from now hello
team logs and welcome back to another
video today ninja mode is turned on now
I'm not really sure that was but guys
today I'm gonna be getting a little bit
stealthy and that means it's probably
not the best idea to be shouting right
now I would make a terrible ninja no but
guys today one going to be doing is
attempting to steal back my district
which was stolen from me by my own mom
like I genuinely this whole thing sounds
like a joke I can't believe she should
actually do that no I haven't been
posting videos about the whole beef
district situation for the past few days
now loads of you like absolutely loads
of you have been saying to me mugged how
are you just gonna forget how the
district is the air are you just gonna
let mother win and get away with it like
I saw you guys say moles I'm
disappointed in you and the truth is
guys I've been searching for the
district I've been lookin out I've been
trying to find it but mom has literally
been hiding it from me
now maybe seen on mom's channel she
posted a video talking about how she
stole the district and saying about why
she did it now I haven't actually
watched that video obviously I've seen
the tile I've seen that she stole the
district and I'm gonna watch in a few
moments to try and find out more about
the district and where it is and see if
anything can help me except I need to
get my district I need you guys to see
it but if you're new to the channel and
this is the first time you've seen my
face on your screen remember to go down
there and smash that subscribe button to
it cause we're currently involved in
strong beef like this ain't some
vegetarian stuff this is like strong
freakin beef right now and I need all of
your support I'm talking everybody out
of that I need all of you to hit that
subscribe button to join the family and
give me strength support team orgs crew
team mom guys let's get ninja mode on
let's go react to this video let's see
what we can find in three two one okay
as you can tell I'm in my chair I've got
my laptop here I'm ready to watch this
video board
this headband right here so I mean screw
you mom I'm gonna wear it like it's a
lot better like I'm gonna sway your
stupid head back there we go so yeah now
that I've got my headband on let's watch
this video see if we're gonna uncover
any any information you get me hello
Teen Mom
so this is more of a serious video
tonight I want you to watch too until
the end so you can actually understand
what this is about and get my side of
the story
now you've obviously read the title of
the video and then are you saying that
I've stolen is copy of the distract well
guys to be honest I have I'm gonna turn
there you go but is just to get stupid
dead do you know what do you know what
you stole my district huh stole my
district huh stole my district stole my
district mom it's not gonna work
stole a district uh stole a district so
much district just done with this
general yeah stole my district stole my
district huh
it kind of started off I looked out the
window the other morning and I saw
Morgan dance in away looking a real
idiot draw and it just looked absolutely
ridiculous so she watched me as I was
filming the music video I don't even
know that maybe started two small fires
many actually oh one of my dresses this
dress I said I'm his purse on a purse
yeah a bird a purse with a music video
yes yeah it was it was it was very
hilarious
you got to do what you got to do for the
music video I freaking speared her into
the pool I burn a stupid dress there you
go and that on top of everything else
that happened I decided I'm not
I'm gonna stop this destruction ow she
stole my district
all because I burnt her dress for the
music video she is a stupid idiot man so
guys in a few moments I'm gonna show you
how I stole the distract okay I'm
interested yes so guys what I did I went
into his room and I saw that his hard
drive was plugged into his laptop I took
it out and I came down step down and I
put it into my computer I searched
through the files I found the biggest
rat and I put it under this memory card
here firstly mum you absolute buffoon
that's my memory card that's a memory
stick you stupid idiot and secondly you
stole my district while I was asleep
looks like I'm gonna do the same guys
right now it is 7:00 a.m. and you're
probably thinking malt it looks really
lie it's because it goes like really
really early in Cyprus it's 7 a.m. right
now mum I assume is asleep bad man she's
been waking up about 9:00 what I'm gonna
do right now is go upstairs and I'm
gonna find the district right freaking
now ok guys literally I don't have a
clue what to do right now so as I said
mum is probably asleep right now I just
waited like 15 minutes I like just in
case she was like listening or whatever
so I know what it looks like it's yellow
I need to look for it I know it's very
easy I know what it looks like
I assume it's in a room I mean I've
checked a lot round the round here in
the main room but realistically I doubt
she's going to keep it anywhere away
from her so I'm gonna go and take a look
see if I can find it another clue I'm
going to do what literally though it's
so early
I think she's gonna wake up soon but
yeah I've been waiting all night for
this oh here we go guys wish me luck
don't know I can't find it let me look
in here okay it's not anywhere
it's not anywhere around here it's that
you know where maybe maybe maybe not
what what what lots lots ok ok go away
mind I'm not going out of this room you
can finally what your bald bull girlie
you know getting me bite won't go this
hour today in one hour and you have no
way in another day I waited a day and
that ruined it mom
I'm point out in one hour Jamie ain't
coming out of this room and I ain't
coming out into one hour because it's
going out in one hour you can't stop me
this is it I'm done play we're I'm doing
I got oh I think I'm causing him ok
Jesus Christ guys I think I'm okay I've
got my laptop oh yes oh my god I've got
my check I didn't find it she woke up
and she is such a stupid woman
that she looked into there and gave away
where it was she is the most stupid
person ever and now there is no going
back guys the district is out in one
hour yes that's right guys I waited a
day until going out and that's was the
worst mistake the worst thing I ever did
because she stole the district I ain't
waiting another day I'm waiting another
24 hours guys I'm putting it live in one
hour
at 6:00 p.m. this video is going live at
5:00 I am putting the district out at
6:00 p.m. today not tomorrow not the day
after freaking today I am putting the
truck out today and there's nothing she
can do to stop me guys you ain't got
long to wait guys 6 p.m. the district is
out I stole it back I've got it here oh
she could have done it she could have
deleted it she could have left the truck
she could have deleted the truck and
taken it but because she's that stupid
she actually thought she could get away
with that she is an absolute idiot and
is so funny guys
Wow whoo yes guys all I'm saying is just
get ready because the track is going out
in an hour
I've got everything I've got the
district back and there's nothing she
can do about it guys as always I've been
more you guys have been awesome
get ready you've got an hour to weigh
less than that come back at 6:00 p.m.
watch the track we're gonna destroy mom
I don't care what a seer she reacts I
want to see her supper I want to see her
cry I want to see her cry after what
she's done to me
we won we win guys team morgue is strong
and guys get ready because at 6:00 p.m.
the death of mom begins guys as always
I've been more you've been awesome and
I'll see you later - it blows today 6
p.m.
I'll see you then guys peace out
oh yeah and one more thing cue mom
remember to subscribe to mugsy's channel
and don't forget to leave a like
thanks for watching
