yeah guys this challenge has been an
absolute nightmare I'm literally dying I
just want to go out like what what are
you doing going this hello guys and
today your boy is back with another
challenge it's been ages since I've done
a challenge I literally cut around the
last time I did one and they do call me
the king of challenges so I thought why
not today do a challenge that I've never
done before now if you've been
up-to-date with a drama a few days ago
my mum stole my district from me and she
still hasn't said anything about it yet
I think she's putting a video live
tonight about why she's done it but I
don't even know I am literally so angry
with her like I don't want to be in the
same house as her so that got me
thinking seeing as I don't want to be in
the same house as her why don't I
literally not be in the same house as
her so today me and mine are going to be
setting up a challenge for me I'm going
to be trying to do a overnight pool
challenge we're going to go out to the
pool I'm gonna try and stay in there for
a full overnight without getting out I
did a challenge similar to this a little
while ago where I mailed myself in a box
and I had a lot of fun doing that so
today we're back with another challenge
and a lot of you been saying you've been
missing my challenge videos so I hope
you guys are excited this video could
possibly be my craziest challenge yet
now if you're new to the channel and you
haven't seen my face before hello
welcome to the channel welcome to the
squad my name is malls you guys a team
mugs and if you're not already
subscribed you go down there and smash
that subscribe button I am trying to
hear 3 million subscribers before the
end of the year and I
it is gonna be tricky so I need all of
your help to help me hit that milestone
and go down there smash your subscribe
and smash alike and smash a comment I
don't know how you can literally smash a
comment but but yeah guys currently
right now it's actually eight o'clock
Cyprus time and what we're going to do
is go out right now me Martin and we're
gonna get a float right because I need
to think about if I'm gonna be in a pool
but like however many hours I'm gonna
want my laptop on that I'm gonna want
food I'm gonna want drinks so that means
I'm gonna need a good flow I need a good
flow so what we're doing right now is
we're going out and I'm gonna try and
find the biggest flow you I've ever seen
in your entire line right I swear I want
like a 10 person flow I don't know if
that's even a thing but I want to ten
person flow oh and as well as that I'm
gonna need snacks I'm gonna need items I
need stuff to prepare I need pourable
charges I need food drink we're gonna
get out we're gonna see what we can find
but the main thing we're going out for
is a float we're good I do not want to
sink I don't want to fall off and most
importantly I don't want to die because
that wouldn't be good would it so guys
let's go on an adventure let's go find a
flow in three two one
so we're just leaving out right now
gonna go get the floaty thing it looks
like later than actually is but I just
thought I've never actually shown you
guys the house we're in at the moment
but check this out from the outside oh
boy seriously this is kind of pushing it
a little bit I think this is just a
little bit a little bit nice two floors
but it hooked up on the roof which I
think you've seen well yeah this is all
our space like this is all the house
space trampoline down there really swing
over it I mean seriously this is gonna
be the surroundings but tonight
obviously this is the pool over here
LEDs lit up it looks really really cool
but like it is a fairly dark
surroundings it's pretty creepy I'm not
gonna lie like you look around you don't
know what's down there like someone
could be creepy let me down there right
now like who even knows but yeah this is
the surroundings it's absolutely mental
if anyone comes at me I guess I can just
run inside there but you know it's
pretty lit up it's pretty nice we got
loads of some beds we got loads of stuff
we got that bed over there
yeah guys that's going to be the
surroundings for today I don't know I'm
wearing sunglasses by the way it's
nighttime and it just makes it hard to
see well yeah we're gonna go get the
flow all right then so we've got this
one here this is twenty five and it's
just a big freaking huge flow and then
we've got this one which is thirty nine
which is a giant warp watermelon mine
which one do we get water melon we
happen right that was much time do we
have one of them last time do it was
good though we were good we're good
I just get the watermelon okay 40 euro
for this guy's but this one is the
biggest we've got a beautiful lady on
the front not as beautiful as me though
obviously but yeah okay guys so we've
just arrived back home right now a very
convenient time and all that but yeah
basically as you guys know we need to
prepare for this challenge now I just
went out and had a freaking dope meal I
had like a salmon pasta and then a
frozen yogurt so I'm pretty and I'm
pretty full right now however if we're
gonna be staying out there all night I
don't want some food I don't want some
freaking food so let's go sort the food
I'm thinking we need food that's gonna
first of all keep us awake and energized
because you know it can get a little bit
they can get a little bit tiring being
out in the dark
you know just flow in I'm feel like I'm
gonna be very relaxed so what we're
gonna do keep me stimulate keep me
energetic and keep me awake so I'm
thinking maybe if we go for something
like we're not on our kids eat your food
good through it keeps you awake keeps
you energized so the banana is the first
thing we're gonna be taking I'll just
slip that in there there we go we're all
gonna need some drinks as well because
obviously once I'm in the pool I don't
want to be getting out so we have got to
prepare oh no there's only one left
it's not gonna be enough looks like
we're taking the fruit juice as well
well hey I am a 16 year old man and I
still drink fruit shoots get off
drinks here we got a banana but I feel
like we need some more like now you're
gonna keep was going for the entire time
if we're going to be out there all night
I'm I like my food I eat a lot man I
can't survival one Bernard Oh God
the thing can we go for some grapes you
know this is a big bag of grapes like I
tell you what guys I do love me some
grapes I'm a person of the fruit but I
do love me some grapes but I think you
know since we got off brew you know
we've got a diet drink I think it's time
you know we kind of splash out the
calories and get something a little bit
more mmm you get me so we're going to
come over to the cupboard here oh boy
ladies and gents we got we got a lot of
choice here are those sensations the big
juicy ones the banana what's that I
thought you took the banana probably got
a banana and we are forgetting possibly
the most important thing of everything
we need to stay hydrated mine certainly
did we need to stay hydrated what am I
thinking
so it's looking like a banana it's
looking like about your dreams brew
shoes diet coke sensations and of course
a water man I'm in the mood right now
I'm like whoa I'm energetic I feel good
I feel like I could just start a fight
right now
no no no no no no no not tonight okay
maybe maybe I won't Starfire so yeah I'm
gonna load everything into a good old
trusty carrier bag right now keep all
together you know we can't have anything
fallen in the pool walk like called in a
disturbance you know I'm saying you
gotta keep everything together all fresh
so they're giveaways against there is my
food injury what you probably think it
morgues you're gonna be on a pool for
like multiple hours
what will the hell are you gonna do like
what are you gonna do and that's why the
fun stuff starts right here
I have the first thing I'm gonna be
taking this is my trusty mic book and
the thing is when you're out there the
Wi-Fi is pretty bad like you can't get
Wi-Fi so I'm gonna need a
I'm hoping we have my iPhone here which
is actually on nine percent charge so a
little way from iPhone to charge get up
to hundred percent what you're probably
thinking Moore's what if it runs out of
charge like this buddy massive ginormous
buddy brick looking thing comes into it
this is like a super powerful power bag
now this can charge an iPhone like
seventeen thousand times and I didn't
just make that all but yeah full charge
on this bad boy this can also charge
your laptop too which is pretty damn
mental but yeah oh geez that was risky
we got that there and you probably think
it balls what if it gets too dark
what are you gonna see so yeah we've got
a light through a trusty little light
which did have a handle but now doesn't
so I mean we're kind of screwed oh yeah
over here and obviously I think that's
just about everything we need however
you're probably thinking and I don't
know how many times are gonna say you're
probably thinking but you're probably
thinking more you haven't even got the
flow up yet and that's exactly what
we're gonna do right now
behind you guys like 20 minutes later
we've got it done literally Martin look
at the size of this thing
it is crazy so nice
I can literally I can sit I can way I
can fully out stretch my body but like I
mean I guess my like scream dangle then
as you can probably tell over here
you're probably thinking more what the
hell have you got this boat for
basically we're gonna take this one out
as well this is like gosh space in the
minnow where we can keep all the stuff
so we got the laptop in there I've got
my charger my why I don't want my phone
is but yeah guys right now what we're
gonna do is take the two floats outside
to the pool we're gonna get set up their
minds gonna leave me and this video is
gonna get very very very interesting
okay guys we're out by the pool oh god I
just stood on a pebble we're out by the
pool now guys I didn't see we got both
of the flows we got the big watermelon
we've got the film I'm gonna load
forward the boat right now however one
thing we do need to do is somehow kind
of tie these together okay wait we have
got two strings other way so what I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna tie one of them to
the boat and then give it a nice little
knot and then not again three two one
bang there we go so now they stuck
together basic DIY I'm gonna load them
up now go to this one first hopefully we
can both successfully my laptop phone
there's like five thousand pounds right
there so if this goes wrong we're not
gonna be good guys smash me like right
now subscribe if you're new three two
one oh okay looks like it's time not
time to go time to blow it away
yo mine we did it past me asked me to
come her journey through late down to Oh
guys ladies and gentlemen there we go
Martin
no thanks for the help buddy looks like
I'll see you later I guess the challenge
starts now is currently 131 in the
morning starting quite late and I guess
i'ma try and do this overnight and just
see what happens guys these are calling
the surroundings right here as you can
see it's looking quite nice then if you
look around here it is kind of creepy
how there's just like darkness
surrounding me boy I'm a big boy I'm a
man and I'm gonna do this guys it
dropped me alike right now because this
is a crazy challenge and drop me a
subscribe if you knew because we're
doing stuff like this all the time on
this channel it's crazy this channels
pretty freakin weird guys I'm gonna
chill for a little bit I'll come back to
you be to beautiful people very very
soon yeah it's been like I'd say I ain't
gonna lie to you guys like very minutes
but like just like lay and understand
that the stars like it's actually making
me tired like I I never really thought
what actually happened if I drift off to
sleep
like do I just sleep like is that cool
right now I'd die just sleep because if
I can just sleep I'm just gonna frickin
sleep like I'm pretty sure I'm safe so
like unless someone breaks in and just
attacks me then I think I'm cool to just
sleep you know but but there is a but I
am very buddy firstly right now like
very freaking first day so I'm a trying
to reach can you can we just I've got
the grapes
yeah ass baby we've got ourselves a
drink look at this oh nice little shot
there look at this the problem is I
don't really have like a cup holder so
imma have to like make do I guess but
that it would definitely be easy with a
cup holder I ain't gonna lie whoa I'm
liking this wait hold up yo that's what
me up a little bit I don't know what
else to do with me now Oh sugar I'll
have to just hold up I've got an idea
what if I just keep it like I know it'll
be a bit weird but like you know it's a
good place to keep it just in between
you know the crotch maybe in between the
legs I think that's cool guys five
minutes later
guys I am actually loving this you know
it's a lot more relaxing than I thought
it would be I'm like I'm kind of trying
to stick to this corner down here but I
think I'm gonna go for like oh I'll
better swim if you get me like
kick my feet you know better paddling
but yeah I'm actually enjoying myself
I'm a girl my laptop in a little bit but
at the moment I've just been kind of
just mess messing a few people you know
messing a few a few girls look at this
dude guys this is really chilled like
I'm enjoying myself as I thought it was
gonna be more like hard about this this
flow is like ginormous like I can like I
can like shuffle about and I'm freakin
cool and then I got my boat over there
one thing though that I've literally
just remembered is I've got the white
Can I grab it kind of grab it yes okay
I've got it
and I mean I may as well just like light
this place up a little bit like I may as
well just turn it off why the hell no
hey there we go like I mean I could just
keep dying there but it just adds a
little bit of extra life there we go see
how much bear is that like it just it
looks a lot better I don't know yeah
well I'm enjoying myself though but now
it's gone yeah so I just finished my
coke but I never actually thought like
how am I where do I put it now like I
ain't gonna bend unlike you know I don't
want to just keep it on my rifle I want
my own space so I mean I guess I've got
no other choice I guess it's just got a
gun like I mean I'm sorry but like I
mean I can't put it in there like I need
to keep my space and like you know I
can't I just died it's got a go man it's
got a go buy them I feel like in the war
because the was really warm and it's
like the nicest thing going okay guys
it's been a little while I'm probably
not looking my best right now you know
when you get to that stage where you're
like you're like drift off to sleep
you're like your heads rocking and then
otherwise I can you lightweight yourself
Michael I literally just did that like
it's been a good couple of hours now
like easy two hours out here like maybe
even free I've just been on my phone
really I'm even touch anything else but
yeah I am low-key freaking dying right
now like I don't know the ins l where
I'm like low-key dying like probably
Heike dying I ain't gonna lie but yeah
imma go grab a bite to eat because I'm
pretty hungry and I want to keep myself
awake I'm gonna go get that big juicy
banana I actually can't get it okay
looks like enough to turn stealth mode
i'ma roll oh geez whoa oh my god the bed
oh my gosh that was close
that was close I this is a nightmare
this is like Titanic all over again I'm
going to end up with sinking
got it I've got it I've got it oh my
gosh that was harder than it should have
been Oh
hmm right so guys we've just bumped into
another problem and this ain't even like
a like a miniscule problem this is a
major major problem right so basically I
forgot to go to the toilet before I came
out here I think you kind of know where
this is going and I mean if I leave the
pool the challenge is over so like I
don't see any other option than to just
do it into the pool I mean it's a pool
full of a lot of water like you know
just a little bit we in there hopefully
won't cause too much of an issue okay
okay wait hold up hold up
I'm glad forget near the edge honor okay
there we go free - now I'm joking guys I
didn't actually we but yeah I do kind of
need the toilet so I'm actually not sure
what I'm gonna do I'm after we into the
other bloody boat guys I ain't even
gonna lie I've cracked into the
sensations
I'm very bloody hungry all right it's
literally like 5:00 a.m. right now like
4:30 a.m. my phone is on 20% charge as
well I'm starting to like I need fuel
and even feel ah mmm boys and girls
pushing out the first fruit shoot I'm on
a mad one Ben I drink too many of these
I might get a little bit a little bit
drunk I still can't believe I'm a 16
year old boy and I'm drinking a fruit
shoo this is Axl all my life has come to
guys this moment has been coming for a
very long time yeah I've whipped out the
charger but guys ain't even joking I'm
so like I could literally just die right
now I could just die right now I'm dying
man I saw oh my gosh guys I have
literally just woke up and I do
literally the first thing that I've just
done is grab my camera I have no clue
what time is I'm gonna check in a second
but I've just woke up and this is why I
see
what the hell has happened it's like
date I'm like seriously what the hell my
phone says it's I'm trying to grab it
but I'm struggling it says it's it's 550
I've been asleep for like over an hour
oh my god it's sunrise oh man look at
that oh no that's so nice oh my God my
arms wet my my hands work that should be
fine we need to lay down guys I swear to
you it is like too hot to hold my camera
my camera the da cheese guys I even
joking I'm just sweating everywhere oh
my god this has been a tough challenge
right now I think it is about right now
the clock is saying 1022 so I guess I
can really get out whenever but yeah
guys this challenge has been an absolute
nightmare I'm literally dying I just
want to get out like what are you doing
going I've had enough of this what are
you doing
mama stop mom oh come on why'd you
always take everything too far mom
oh come on I thought means I haven't
even completed the cha you are the most
salty aggressive woman ever look at what
you've done to me it's probably no good
thing that all I care about right now is
if I've completed the challenge or not
what does that mean have completed guys
I go in it was literally 12 when I got
in and right now as I said the time is
like half 10 so does that mean I've
completed guys I don't even know I think
it does more hard to ruin of course
because she finds a way to ruin
everything
you come near me with that I'll be
you're not coming near me with that shut
up no no oh no she isn't she doesn't
know she can't sure she's not sure she's
not no no no don't no no what my food
well no please no no no no no no please
please no please don't be too far don't
we divide every two bar please no no no
no come on come on come on cuz why would
I say sorry to all you just pop my
wallet please well guys I've been
morgues that was another challenge which
again went wrong I'm literally tangled
or in rope from the stupid thing they're
both popped because mom is apparently
the most saltiest woman in the world and
she still got my district but she won't
have it for long because after she's
done that I'm getting my district back I
don't know how many times she can cross
the line but she keeps crossing the line
and then the lines line and then the
line of the line of the line like she's
just knows but guys once again if you're
new here and you haven't already
remembered to go down there and smash
that subscribe button to join the family
that would mean so much to me
team orgs is getting stronger and
stronger every day we're movement we're
force and we're taking over guys smash
that subscribe button
join the movement guys I'm remember to
leave a like on the video if you've
enjoyed and tell me what other overnight
challenges you want me to attempt next
hopefully one why mum Khan you know pop
it and freakin ruin it but guys thank
y'all so much for watching and as always
I have been mold you guys have been
awesome and I will see you in my next
video peace out that was a terrible idea
please remember to subscribe to mugsy's
Channel and don't forget to leave a like
if you have a big penis
thanks for watching peace out
