hi guys and welcome back to another
Charlie than today need another method
analysis we're diesel reserved to bring
to you a crazy challenge with these
brand new nerve regulators lasses now I
can tell time we have a bunch of sticky
note settles not only today we are
logged in to ride a bunch of food names
although the sticky note for the
challenge that we're going to be doing
today now he's going to be using on
their blasters to get the ingredients by
drink that the other person will have to
drink you never told me about that
nor is really no guys all of these are
face down so we don't know what they are
however this one is actually face up and
you can clearly see that it baked being
fat sounds absolutely horrible it's out
of the way which means it's a lot harder
to hit but it happens to be the worst
water if we hit that you're the person
is in trouble I'm going to be going for
it mind me feeds really more good every
food we sit for the other person will be
blended together now just before we go
start with the challenge let me talk to
you a little bit about the new nerves
regulator blasters are out right now
now the new regulator is here and it has
a new switch biotech actually I was free
to promote fully automatic first mode
and single fireman you've been doing the
research I've been reading the
instructions she's passionate over she's
taken over
she knows her nerve now they all these
different modes in one blast that means
you can have a really really fun
gameplay experience with loads of
different strategies so guys what I'm
asking you is if you have this blaster
what mode would you pick and today we're
going to be testing out all the
different modes in this challenge and
guess what guys we get it started right
now more than let's do it so guys what
we're going to do right now is before we
start we're going to have a quick little
practice this is the first time we've
used these brand new blasters so which
mode are you going to go for ball single
finance and you know what I'm going to
go for fully automatic okay quick
practice one whatever your
though guys now you can add a spiel of
the power we've got here these blasters
are insane so we want to go into fall to
market mode all you have to do is click
that switch down wire and watch the
Weibull however more is not gonna be
quite as easy as that was the challenge
begins because we're both only round one
cartridge bulldog
the shooters a so whichever load you
pick it up to you or mom
just before we start I think we need to
get a little bit more in the moves
yes Morgan next degree
Thermomix fired all ready she saw a
blaster and she is going first
mom you have 12.1 click whenever you're
ready single man oh I think I'm gonna go
fight it's good strategy right there but
she's ready man I miss the first one why
she's missed the first one can I lay
another miss another miss anonymous
little bit oh I think she got one
sausage and sausage
guys a terrible one it is a spicy
sausage yeah oh she's all over okay yeah
cookies and sausage water I'll tell you
what I'm actually happen you got me
those cookies I am happy Bravo awesome
miss me my face you gotta is the article
right there I got a pink one honey I
don't want honey in a smoothie homemade
sausage and cookie
and it's all over funnies sausage and
cookies I'm not going to lie I'm really
not happen okay guys the king is here
I've got my blaster and I'm going to
black whatever is left here and get them
on some bad ones guys smash a line right
now
subscribe it can you let's move it I'm
not stopping it or get it okay now the
full stop miss which is dog food
you're absolutely joking I'm only joking
it while there was mango oh you're
cheating some up Oh
oh no I know the wrong everyone another
was an amount while Todd was been really
nice
last time it was job all both lending so
that we do guys that was my round one so
while my drink is going funny
sausage and cookies was so far has got
hammer being funny Dan and mango it's
time to move on to round two
totally round huemul whenever you're
ready take it away
oh she's missing okay I think she now
wears orange one we're gonna get
yourself feel good oh good yogurt oh my
gosh I don't love yogurt to missus all
chanting together on the laughing I
think she got it now yeah call me snake
Oh baby I've got a few more dark shadow
Morgan oh go for it yeah okay okay so so
so okay you finally go on our door
actually like them look it's flashing a
mouth okay so my drink is done woman and
what am I gonna be drinking oh you've
got soul horn a gummy snake hey I see
something gonna say yogurt yeah okay yo
yo yo yo game okay
oh there we go guys can we make mum
drink even worse I think we can forty
morgue let's do it okay guys you start
this off with a fire
oh Vanessa what tell you all what are
you getting this round they're very
SkyDome like this what is it
vinegar goodness I said I'd do the type
of work what is it my eyes me
it is Oh Miriam ready well I say boys it
chocolate sweet floral honors oh no let
me see it I don't believe you let me see
it oh no oh no oh ma you should tell me
always example otherwise apples help you
out apple pie server oh no no no no my
goodness I've seriously been settled
oh well I tell you what I think two more
who came out a lot better than table
after that okay guys - I think if she
were here in the kitchen right now I'm
going to do my juice versus personally I
think there will be a lot better than
once the obvious reasons we've got all
the ingredients ready we've got the
blender ready we're going to blow them
all up right now guys let's do it my
drink is looking pretty done horrible
he's just like look now we are going to
fill it up with a little bit of water so
actually blends but yeah guys I'm not
really happy with this but you know I'm
not really shoddy the less do it
okay guys the drink is done it's ready I
can confirm that it just reeks of
sausage that's all it smells off I
thought I was going to be okay with it
I'm not I'm really really really scared
I'll say this if this is what my dad's
mother want imagine what yours is can I
just stick my finger in and just see oh
okay your turn guys it's mom's turn now
oh my goodness
realistically is everything's over
muskets go
try smelling it is it good TV smells
good I'll do the honors thick is making
me the time is now it all comes down to
this this is what you get for not being
a good blast Oh Abner are you ready mom
nobody wants Steve it yes we do please
trust me we all want to it nobody will
even team or Mauna Kea
there we go Oh
so uh does I have to do it there is I
have so many horrible things you've made
me eat and drink for dog I'm gonna be
sick on is a thank you see I'm having
I'm gonna be sweet converse but oh is it
goes Oh mum never holy one of the things
you've got to do since you're the loser
but you have job Tuesday yeah I should
go and she's gone she go she's gone
y'all she's cheating
hahaha this on very my quick does that
get it done quick Oh stink season which
always was first on second it bothers
Balaji okay guys well sighs the end of
this crazy nerve regulator challenge
honestly I cannot believe what men will
just drank as Martin I can't believe
this video it's just an absolutely crazy
one to get a huge shout out deserved for
sponsoring this video we had so much fun
using the new nerve regulated it was
really really fun wasn't it more
mouthful now that's what that rate was
brilliant and then it went downhill from
that very town now well guys thank y'all
so much for watching if you're new here
go down down subscribe check out mom's
channel link in the description below
leave a like on the video if you enjoyed
and as always I've been more cheese
involved you guys been awesome and we'll
see you in my next video proves Oh
