in the grand finale Mork sneaks into his
ex-girlfriend's mansion without her nope
the challenge starts now
is this last week has literally been the
worst week of my entire entire life
guys Karen are super mad at me for the
first and second staying overnight
challenges and guys she left home for
Maine almost a week she won't respond to
my text she won't answer my calls
I don't know if we're together anymore
now guys I cannot take this anymore
I love Cara more than anything in the
entire world and I can't stay here and
do nothing about it I need to find out
what's going on and guys I didn't want
to have to do this but I have no other
choice are you gonna have to sneak into
her house stay overnight and find out
buckle guys it's time for the grand
finale off of the overnight challenges
this is gonna be the most crazy and
unpredictable one yet literally anything
could happen
guys we've just arrived the house no
guys I haven't actually told you this
yet but this here is actually Kyra's
auntie's house she's staying here for
the night while her parents are aware
now I found the address and I've just
arrived and take a look at this place
sighs it's literally one two three fours
and look at the size of this flippin
door I'm seriously creeped out I have no
idea what to expect
now guys I noticed there is a key box
right here and as you can see there's a
lot of numbers and we're gonna have to
try and guess the code 2,000 years later
one two three four come on come on
Oh oh my gosh Ashley works two modes the
challenge starts now
this house is super creepy guys I'm
gonna have to be a little bit quieter
because I have no idea that where care
is for check this out this is so flippin
creepy this is like somewhere you get
murdered this is gonna make the
challenge even more intense okay
I need to be stealthy here Kara could be
in any one of these rooms we've got a
bedroom okay guys by the looks of it we
have another bedroom
Kara's better
that's care of shoes on the floor oh yo
there's also memory cards I didn't turn
either of those lights on I did not mess
up a pillow
what what what
you saw my hands
you saw my hands they were in the air oh
my god this house is super creepy and it
may be haunted let's check out the god
Oh guys have bags over there and there's
a coke right he kara not cleaning up
after yourself I'm really not surprised
guys it doesn't always she's in here
let's check out the third floor two more
rooms in here we have oh this is a
creepy-looking dining room guys I think
the coast is cool it
oh it's just a it's just a Hoover and
then finally guys it looks like this is
the lounge
oh my god huh
guys that was way too close already your
guys looks like I'm now trapped on the
fifth ball and I'm also trapped in
probably the smallest room in the entire
house what how do I do if she comes in
here guys well looks like the challenge
officially starts now
and make sure you guys walked all the
way to the end because not only is this
an overnight challenge without my
girlfriend knowing apparently is it a
haunted house as well guys it's been 15
minutes and literally all I can hear is
sounds coming from Cara's bathroom I
heard the tap go off her to drop
something l and guys I have to make a
move for it quick if she gets out of
there and comes in here is game over
I gotta make a move for it guys wish me
luck
wait does dice purchase or I swear to
saw
you should get dressed guys I think
we do what else I do
she's going
that was scary
guys okay so guys she's in the kitchen
right now I'm on the fifth floor bear in
mind this fall has like no hiding spots
lost so ever in that room I was
literally hiding behind the bed and it
was that close I don't know how she
didn't see me so guys I've came up with
a plan and it may sound crazy for what
you don't know is my middle name is
ninja
morgs nit ninja Hodson anyway I'm gonna
go all the way down to the third floor
guys and make myself a little base down
there here goes nothing
I think she's on the balcony it sounds
like she's on the just odd
Oh guys joke
I might put this on the side oh my god
it's missing everyone yeah
no it's probably just a win cuz I had
the balcony doors open yeah
better go unpunished well cheated
if I see a diet coke you best believe
I'm a get up diet ill even if my life
depends on it guys it's been an hour
since the last clip it's finally
starting to go dark outside it's about
half a right now guys and for the last
hour
I've just been sat down here listening
and I have absolutely no idea where Kara
is I haven't heard a sound and it's
making me really really paranoid she
could come in here at any moment and
I'll have no idea guys I'm gonna go take
a look
guys guys guys guys guys I think that
comes to sky my lights are still on in a
bedroom guys but I have no idea if she's
actually in there guys this entire house
is just so flippin creepy guys I think
I'm gonna chill in this bedroom it seems
like quite a safe spot
oh no oh no oh no oh my god
oh Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Christ guys
ah what the hell is this seriously you
can't think that door like down that's
it I thought it was the toilet oh my god
this is so flippin creepy guys exploring
I think oh my god oh my goodness
oh my goodness guys I think this is a
haunted attic as ladders there's broken
pieces of wood it's not a toy
is that a toy look at that fireplace
guys this looks like something straight
out of a horror movie it's so freezing
cold down here
I feel icy cold oh my flippin god guys I
do not want to go down there Jesus Jesus
Jesus Jesus oh my goodness is why is
everywhere oh Jesus guys what the hell
is this God is so cold down here guys I
think I'm gonna try and stay down here
because guys there is no chance Cara's
gonna come down here so I think I'll be
safe for the night
nope
No
guys I don't know what the hell is down
there but I have a feeling it is not
human it may be supernatural this house
is definitely haunted I am really
skeptical right now to someone I have no
clue what the hell's he talking about I
can't hear her but she's like talking
really quietly let me go see if I can
hear
dies no clue who she was just on the
phone - I didn't hear any of it but but
again I was a close one
okay guys half 10:00 at night now it's
completely dark outside I just found
this view it looks empty but our nice
bed it's gonna bond in the fireplace so
I guess this is what I'm going to be
staying for the night so guys I'm just
gonna chill here hopefully they'll find
me hopefully it all goes okay
and then we hi hi um where where are you
right now
oh yeah yes cool I would've bought from
them I mean I'm staying in like one of
my family's house is like massive as
like 20 barone says definitely work for
more people but it's like super haunted
I don't know I keep hearing Mike's
parents I think everything's like crash
like so how did you make footsteps a lot
of
it's really weird I don't know maybe I
need someone to keep calm people feel
scared yeah yeah oh so me like 15
minutes away from everything so who are
you saing Kahless
yeah yeah no sweetie that's not that's
not horrible I feel like I know what
that is
yeah you okay how's the place you're
staying
yeah yeah it's lonely writers only wanna
be so careless
yeah I mean a new jet like you've come
to Mike well and there are like eight
hours time difference yeah I know you
must be like super tired and like kind
of miserable
yeah I probably cheer you up I dunno
maybe you should have maybe yeah that's
definitely broken you can uh no no no
it's not here no it would just be us -
yeah see the other just two of us and a
massive class with like 10 beds so you
can have like anyone
yeah yeah okay I don't know what he is I
would suppose in a while even like
really annoying me recently I don't know
he just he just liked eat break into my
own likes meet you me recording unit I
hate it
okay Wow I mean unlike Rogan you have my
permission to come and see me and I'll
let you in through the door okay you've
been here like 15 minutes oh my gosh
guys I don't really know how to say this
I'm pretty sure here just invited
another guy over I don't know what to
say it sounded like she says hi Kahless
guys she doesn't have any friends called
Kahless and penis isn't a girl's name
hey this is a guy's name right hi
seriously this wasn't supposed to be
like this I didn't think I actually
can't carry doing anything I was gonna
surprise her at the end
no you know what guys maybe it's a
mistake okay maybe it's just a mistake
maybe it's just a girl maybe it's just
one of her girlfriends I don't know
about okay maybe it's just all just one
big mistake I really hope it's a mistake
I really hope it was a
guys answer
okay
the guys what the hell is going on was
that who I think it was skies I know
exactly who that was that was infinite
list Symphony lists like 7 million
subscribers he's got more subscribers
than me what oh my god they hope it's us
who care was on the phone with us who
she was saying come on burn and look
after me my sushi was bland with
analysts another YouTube didn't think
she'd actually do this I didn't expect
to actually can't you do it anything
like this I was just gonna be a girl
all of a friend why the hell is infinite
list in a house and she said marks is
away mugs didn't know are you serious
mean it okay you know what maybe they
just collaborate maybe they're just
filming together maybe it was all just a
misunderstanding okay maybe it was all
just one big misunderstanding
i'ma go upstairs i'ma see what they're
up to
you break it from house it's more funny
yeah it's really creepy writing Qwest
not toys
yeah
company dies I don't know if I should be
sad and angry or maybe both look at me
on this channel I got 7 million did you
know what I'm saying no they have this 7
million subscribers Josh Barry anything
camera was saying how high five million
is pathetic but you know what I've gone
from sad and now I am just angry and you
know what
mr. infinite list you want to sit there
and flex your 7 million subscribers
guess what everybody watching this right
now go down there smash stuff
and if everybody watching this hits a
subscribe button then mr. infinite lists
you're not gonna have more subs for long
but seriously guys I'm in genuine shock
but seriously guys like you know all
jokes aside this is like seriously
really really messed oh I mean I know
the pranks are really far and everything
but I didn't expect that care would
actually go this far get under the guy
rounds more subs than me and then stop
flirting with him this is seriously just
I don't know if I can do this for much
longer guys if this keeps getting worse
and well I might just have to just have
to give up oh my god guys they're coming
watch they give me what I'm come behind
you TV doesn't go Mahalo TV
yes
Wow yeah you gonna tell them
we see the way tonight
yeah
yeah to be away from your way
yeah yeah situation this I don't know I
don't even know if it together my agent
my text them put me over so we can our
service
yeah oh yeah p.m. for like saying my
house around pussy about telling me
again oh yeah
whoa-oh keeps government
I in fit of lists is gonna get these
fists and it keeps to noise with my
girlfriend
that's a bell - spinach I've been
stopped again for hours 30 minutes
because really the entire I reckon the
entire time that is seriously making me
really sad and I whichever more I can
take arrest guys see to joke around look
another man just makes me really really
sad
this has gone way too far guys
yeah
there that committee
don't you have special
yeah I wish
I really thought we were hot me I think
it would end like this I can't do this
anymore guys seriously I see no another
guy well drinking the same drinks as me
watching the same stuff I still wanted
to be like this guys I just thought it'd
be a fun challenge like the other two I
destroyed be a bit of fun I didn't
realize this is what she's been up to
while she's been gone guys seriously I
know it's not like me to start a
challenge and not finish it I don't
think I can do this anymore I don't
think I can save and watch this happen
hard to do something about it guys do
something about all of this go on
anymore
Kiera Inara where are you they said Lee
all the bedrooms are messy that's why
they were together
you know I'll told you in a minute right
now I'm going with you mister that's the
7 million subscribers what you're doing
with her what is it the other rooms are
not messy they were perfectly fine and
you knew that of Amelia Morgan I mean
I've got a confession let me stop me
that let me guess is the confession
either a you don't love me anymore three
you've cheated on me see you're breaking
up with me like I already know what the
confession is well then how do explain
this
7 million subscriber dude in your house
no seriously Kira cameras off it's not
the time for jokes
it's not the time for jokes no I am joke
no I'm not just this this is a pint no
it's not a prank how are you doing
everything on camera oh yeah you you
caught me and it's him in a bed but you
know what I call you first I literally
heard you speaking dad says you speak so
loud maybe you should listen to the
comments and stop screaming when you do
these challenges I don't know I was
actually in the background Walken
re-watch the footage I'm standing right
there is not human okay so that explains
you pranking me it doesn't explain why
he was pranking me he's lying on a was
actually about who do whatever was gonna
go on in there with you Morgan after I
caught you I don't know if you heard but
I was kind of in the toilet on the phone
yeah I remember hearing you in the
toilet on the phone but I couldn't tell
who the hell you on the phone to was I
got to do with him it was me she's
literally told me I was in on the
Praeger support Odie wait so let me get
this straight you call me as I was
filming it you then went into the toilet
called him told him what was going on
you two decided to do this whole prank
on me okay that all makes sense but what
doesn't make sense is I've been
following you around I've been literally
crying I've been crying for like the
past few hours just having to sit down
and listening to you if you really loved
me how could you say there and do that
to me like that's so messed up that's
even more messed up than I was doing I
asked one times two times and then three
times to stop sneaking into my house and
watching me
so that when I saw you I was like you
know what there's no point saying
anything to gank you don't listen so you
know I thought I'd do something about it
like time to cheat on you right in front
of your eyes did that hurt yes gotcha
well you know what Kyra you know what
mr. seven million subs mr. lists yeah
mr. infinity list
yeah you better both watch your backs
right because this is nope your back is
not fine so
no it's not okay well you better watch
your back yeah well you know what I may
have gone insane but but yeah well guys
I guess I kind of had that coming
maybe free overnight challenges in
Kara's house was a little bit too far
however I haven't done an overnight
challenge in infinite list house yet
cells always time to do one more
everybody hit that subscribe button down
below if you want me to do another one
of these maybe not I Kara's house though
because she'll probably actually break
up with me if I do as always I've been
morgues and I just got pranked peace out
