6:00 p.m. tomorrow is the death of mom I
literally can't believe that I'm
actually sat here having to make this
video if it's genuinely laughable hello
guys and welcome back to another video
if we knew her hello welcome to the
channel my name is morgues and currently
I'm involved in beef with my mom and it
sounds stupid and quite frankly this
whole situation is just a bit stupid but
there ain't a chance anytime soon this
beef is gonna ride because she's taking
it too far
she's saying I've taken it too far it's
just it's just a stupid situation now
just before we get into the video if you
hear please go down there and smash that
subscribe button the family is growing
so strong however team mum are proven to
be you know competition like worthy
competition they're a strong unit I'll
give them that
however let's show them that they've
still got nothing on team morgues go
down there smash that subscribe button
also it's been ages since I've set a
like tag on a video so if we could smash
20,000 likes on this video that would be
amazing but guys now that that's all out
of the way let's get into the serious
stuff as you can tell
currently I'm on holiday I'm in this
crazy mansion with mum unfortunately and
Martin and these past few days have been
ridiculous like absolutely ridiculous
I've been trying to stay away from mum
whenever she came up to me to ask me
something I'll try and resolve the beef
or just ask me what I'm doing my
district and stuff I just wanted to be
I'm not not speaking to her I just
removed myself from the whole situation
because I just I don't want to speak to
her and I still don't want to speak to
us she took she's taking this entire
thing too far literally like an hour
before recording this she just came up
to me shoved a camera in my face for her
channel and confronted me about this
situation and started just chatting a
bunch of just sugar just chatting just G
all she does all she seems to do is just
shat sugar she just never stops
I still nuts gonna be out on her channel
but I don't even care anymore
however talking about her channel over
the
past few days night and past few days
let me check currently right now and I'm
recording this it's Tuesday and the past
five video she's a loaded over the past
five days have all been just chatting
sugar about me all she ever does is just
chat and never backs any of it all now
the reason why there are some in videos
on my channel about mom is because I
didn't feel like I needed to do a video
about her I did my video ages ago I
talked about how I thought her prank was
too far and all of you guys agreed with
me you're all saying you're on team
boards mom took it too far
mom's going down and then five days
later I look at the conversation of her
videos and it all seems to be just team
mom now the first thing I'm gonna talk
about is my diss track as I said I've
said in multiple videos I'm thinking of
doing a diss track and guys after what
mom has been doing to me I can confirm
that the district is already being made
right now as I speak to this camera it's
already being made when I say being made
I don't just mean like Ryan a few words
down the bars are done we're finding the
B we gain the video shot by the time
you're watching this the video and the
music video will most likely be done and
the major announcement for this video is
that tomorrow at 6 p.m. I am dropping
the morgues mob this track set your
alarms get it wrote down tell your
friends tell your family this is not a
drill tomorrow 6:00 p.m. the district is
out now what wanted to do in this video
as well as tell you about that is watch
some of the videos mom's been doing
about me because apparently she's gone
hard apparently she's been exposing me I
mean she's managed to turn all you
against me so she must have said some
some harsh stuff right I'm gonna watch
this right now and I'm gonna break down
everything she says because it's all
most likely lies so as you guys can see
we're on her channel right now let's
just take a look so this video mortgage
disk drives about me this videos where I
pranked on our channel which is actually
a good video you gotta check that one
out this one's about me that one's about
me that one's about me five in a row all
about me all she ever does is just chats
so I'm gonna watch your most recent one
30 minutes ago not surprises about me
let's see if she actually had any valid
points or anything worth no it's done
I'm done annoyed man let's just watch
this are you making friends of you made
oh goodie well there's no there's no
chance I know I don't know if there's a
pie or not she never told me that was a
pie this party is either made up because
I I was never told that was gonna be a
party and she she showed me that's the
first I've ever heard that so it's
probably just another lie she's made up
I start playing the victim I started
playing the victim because she pranked
me with the one thing that I actually am
serious good job of staying out of your
way we're gonna take Morgan down team
mob thinking they can take team mogs
down it's like a goldfish thinking they
can take out a shark you're not gonna
talk to me what about what you just came
five minutes ago able to come in my face
idiot
I don't know I'm probably a pain very
disrespectful right now but she has
literally made five videos just chatting
about me she's a she's a well locate
that martin's with us because if martin
wasn't here then i just don't know what
would happen i one thing we agree on if
my were there that I don't freaking know
what would happened but it wouldn't be
good for you guys did you see the video
that Morgan POW yesterday
he actually went and did a prank on me
and put it on my channel when he stole
my camera I can't believe he did that I
was asleep I have no idea
hit me and you just pour water straight
onto my face laughing at me and it
pushed me in the pole oh wait wait wait
can we just have a replay of me pushing
moving the pool right now just hit me
without really play I'm sorry say hi to
too much
if you look at that video Morgan
actually called me a stupid woman and he
called you almost supporters idiots
let's face it if you've allowed yourself
to be manipulated and your opinion to be
changed because of this this woman sign
front of a camera and just chatting with
no evidence nothing being backed up then
you can't be that bright Kenya she does
a prank on me it's way too far I go
under to spend some time with my friends
just spending some time for once not
with her just with someone else she gets
jealous does a prank on me which she
knows is way too far and now she's tired
doing all this should repeating the same
thing over and over I'm bored of this
already because she's not even getting
anything across which is worth freaking
know and down I feel that Morgan is
deliberately why I did it so some reason
know about this situation and I just
don't know why I just want to drop my
district I don't want to I don't want to
speak to you we've got a joke I could
have drama distract you could've don't
ever you wanted I don't about 50
reaction videos on it probably because
you're just a reaction channel anyway
but yeah this is just what I expected to
be honest a bunch of just nothing claims
just just nothing no real she's not
chill getting anything else she's just
repeating the same thing over and over
just imagine guys what he feels like
Morgan won't talk to me at all it just
ignores me he walks away but don't it
pinches my camera calls you idiots calls
me stupid
and then after is the lucky puts the
camera down imagine what it feels like
to what a dog to want something for
years and then months of prank you ever
see anyone can do what she's doing it's
not hard she's manipulating you don't
allow yourself to be manipulated I'm
just speaking the truth fair it just
feels like it's just trying to do
anything he can to impress T moles I
think it feels like your child do
anything you can to impress picking team
mom that hides behind a try to impress
team balls I will do that to you t to my
team mom I've got much more respect for
you than that I'm gonna comment on that
because I know Morgan won't talk to me
if I haven't got a camera with me I'm
gonna do it this on camera I'm going to
Chuck she's talking about here's what
she did to me like an hour ago and I
might and I actually want you guys to go
over to the channel and watch that video
because I'm not gonna lie
she got owned I spoke my heart in that
video and she got owned guys go and
watch it I'm actually I'm actually gonna
link it in the description of this video
because I actually want you to see that
she came up to me with a camera
she started chatting like she always
does and then I and then I owned her I
spoke the truth and she loaned watch a
video after you watch this because then
you can watch mom get owned into
different videos irrelevant I guess to
happens tomorrow I'm already planning my
diss track because we're in such a
situation now I just feel like it's
already I'm done with this video now I'm
out she's gonna drop a discharge you
know jump at this joke what a joke
guys we're gonna go further back in time
and I'm gonna go to the moldsmal Expos
morgues district coming soon or whatever
the bodies areas coming soon let's see
what she's done oh this one got a lot of
views so let's see what she's trying
here
so it keeps going on about this dog all
the time and and if you if you haven't
already seen it she's whole video out
absolute home organ for what he's
actually like with dogs whites like with
Bruno you all love Bruno and I have to
protect Bruno Bruno oh shuttle you have
to put take the Bruno from me what am I
like a zoo or something oh just this
woman is just lost the plot man I'm
thinking about dropping a diss track on
my mom is actually thinking of doing
this yeah but it Armand is coming
tomorrow
district gets my freaky law all the
things I've done forever
this is absolutely disgusting I am NOT
me about this there's gonna be
repercussions over use I'm furious
Lauria cheesy going out this is just not
acceptable in any way I am furious about
this just after we lost the plot I think
I'm absolutely livid this is not gonna
happen he thinks he's getting away with
this against his mom all the things that
I've done for him
I'm absolutely furious about this this
is just not acceptable behavior girl I
can't even breathe I'm getting so
annoyed about this Watson
let's just study that damn Imam what
have I done to him I could literally
speak like this for hours ignore the
prank ignore the prank which was utterly
too far I set up a channel I guess it
was overnight and she uses that channel
to just try and just tarnish me and take
me down it's ridiculous girlfriends why
random person attacking me like this I'm
gonna do something to put an end to this
this is payback time welcome if you want
to do this distract do it who is that oh
yeah
I don't repercussion not funny not funny
not funny too far heartless cold they're
not pranks I was just straight up too
far what could've look at the face my
paws Don she's crazy though there's one
more thing I want to show you which I
can't believe has gone unnoticed this is
serious this is serious shit man if you
go over to Twitter obviously me aman
both have Twitter's and you know we've
been
and just twin out about videos and stuff
she's been doing some weird tweets look
at what she said the other day we had a
bit of a beef and look at this this is
genuinely ridiculous
so I'm our snapchat it's a picture of a
piece of salmon with loads of sloppy
like sauce on and I put lumpy and sloppy
like Mama's makeup you know just a joke
if she can dish out so many jokes surely
she can take him
my friend screenshot it and tweet it to
me saying you can't say that and I
retweet and I replied saying we all know
is true her face looks like he's melting
just a joke obviously she can dish out
all this stuff to me I thought she could
take that then she quotes saying says at
least I'm not a scrawny lanky sticking
sex with an angry emoji and then a
middle finger I'm not gonna take this to
heart book effect a were an adult saying
this on Twitter is low my friend said
you two need Jeremy Kyle and I said a
slap is what she needs because genuinely
you know get a little bit of a Joe and
then she replies saying touch me and
I'll drop you little Shh what the actual
flip is this woman doing she is actually
gone mental I cannot wait till 6 p.m.
tomorrow because once this track is out
I'm actually interested to see how she
replies she's probably gonna freakin go
message I don't know I've lost words for
this woman she's just gone mental
I can't I can't react to this anymore
everything that needs to be said has now
been said I'm just completely shocked
that this some of this stuff is coming
out of the voice coming out of the
mouths of my mum it's ridiculous
well guys this is where I'm gonna end
this video I don't know you guys I guess
comment down below your side are you on
Team mugs a superior stronger better
side or is still with tea mom if he's
still with tea mom after watching this I
don't know what's going through and
she's been just chatting the S word
every day every night and I've been fed
up with it so I have to do this video to
give you guys a better idea of the truth
and I hope you've all enjoyed
6:00 p.m. tomorrow set your alarms set
your freaking I don't know what else you
can say hell your friends tell your
family tell you score I tell you
goldfish tell you dog tell your hamster
everybody 6:00 p.m. tomorrow my channel
the district is out
Geist ankle zone for watching 30 mobs
all your watching this I love you all so
much everyone is still with me that
stuck around through this entire thing
thank you all so much you're the real OG
z the homies
you're the squad I love you all so much
thank you all for watching and as always
I've been moved you guys been awesome
and I'll see you in my next video peace
out
if you enjoyed this video then remember
to subscribe to mugsy's channel and
don't forget to leave a like if you have
a big penis thanks for watching
