okay let's make sure the speaker is all
it's loud I'm ready
oh my god I'm ready to escape fire right
now oh my god guys here is okay guys
three two one
come on guys I'll welcome back to
another video and today we're making a
song now you're probably wondering mods
why the hell are you in a bathrobe and
why tally you got your hood off well and
we're in the bathroom because it's
frickin clumpy but I've got my hot oil
because I'm trying to get into the
mousse isn't that like what you do when
you make rap songs like open stuff I
think I'll just take this down for now
so yeah at the moment nothing in so many
comments mourns when you're dropping the
district on more blogs are you even
going to drop a diss track and the truth
is guide I'm still making my mind or I'm
just not sure if you guys want me to
diss my mom do you want to see my first
ever district show me that you wasn't
trapped by leaving a like and also
subscribe to my channels down below so
you don't miss any of the beef that's
happening at the moment now always been
chatting a lot of poo because we're
going to keep it family-friendly PG yeah
mom has been chatting a lot of P over on
her Channel and I'm not I'm not amused
you know I'm not amused
she's just causing more and more of a
problem to me she's just she's angry me
I'm frustrated I gave her this channel
I've made of this channel and all she
use it for is to sabotage my name to
kill my name she switches olodum exposed
videos the mole between about me I make
a channel and she disrespects my name
she disrespects team orgs and I ain't
having it but um I'm in the mood to make
a discharge right now put it out - hey
guys today why thought I would do to
vent out my anger towards mom is make a
song however it ain't gonna be anything
you've seen before basically today I'm
gonna be doing the rap song challenge I
tweeted out saying I'm gonna make a song
and it's going to be about one word and
one word only and asked you guys you
know what word should it be I had loads
of you saying mom I load the same ball
at Lodi same team orgs
but looks booty ours with a bad one but
there was one word that shone above
every other word this is arguably my
favorite word to ever exist and this is
what we're going to be making the song
about today ladies and gentlemen the
song we're going to be making today will
be called clickbait to warm myself up
and to learn a little bit more about
disc drugs before I possibly drop my own
I'm going to be challenging someone else
a random rapper from the internet and if
you ask me for any details about the
song I'm only allowed to say clickbait
it's got to be about clickbait there's
nothing else no other details I've just
got to tell him to make it about quickly
because there isn't really any better
way to get yourself in the district type
of news well let me make myself look
like a rapper let me make myself like a
rapper
okay Gucci ha now we've got a role with
a headphones
oh man I'm feeling it my voice sounds
very weird now and then finally the
finishing touch the horse do I look like
a rapper yet well look at this do anyway
what we're going to do right now is move
over to the internet and try and find
someone who is going to make of the
clickbait song okay guys so the website
I'm going to be using is Fiverr also
known as the site which basically got
PewDiePie screwed over I mean that's
basically all it's known for but yeah
basically on this site you've got a
bunch of people who will literally do
whatever you want for money let's see if
any of them come rap okay so I'm going
to go into the fine searchers there it
is recent search I'm going to put in rap
I will go stright an Eightball rap verse
for your idea that sounds like a good
one however I do want the rapper to
actually to actually wrap it because I
don't know if I were a rapper yeah I
will outstanding rap for any occasion I
will outstanding rap I will write a rap
song for your loved one I mean you may
be saying let's use this guy for mom but
I don't really love a mom anymore
Savage morgue is real I will create a
custom rap song for any occasion this is
getting better guys I will record an
Eightball rap verse for hook started at
15 pound 40 I thought it was Fiverr okay
let's see what this guy has got to offer
oh my god but he's 30 pound
pound thirsty booty pound don't like a
meter money
CPM low bro c'mon man 30 pound for a
wrap
Oh actually 15 pound is for an 8 bar
verse or 30 pounds for a 16-bar verse I
think I think you know we got to go with
a 30 pound one I think this guy here is
my guy let's proceed to order 50 freakin
pound let's let's do it let's see what
we can do extra fast one day delivery 11
pound 55 I thought y'all aside that you
know I got to get my delivery fast burn
order waiting around for this guy
okay proceed to payment I don't have a
buddy clue I'm even buying here but I'm
paying with Ivan telling him I want so
this is probably not going to go very
well but hey we got to try the song
needs to be about click bait that's all
I'm saying
okay three two one start order I've
clicked it oh my god okay order starters
whoo well guys I guess all we gotta do
now is wait I'm waiting bro I'm waiting
for my guy to get my orders on but guys
the clickbait song with the official
clickbait song is on its way and i'm
going to come back to you guys when the
song is ready for us to listen to but
guys I'm fired up I'm ready for this
battle I'm ready for the war with mom
I'm getting myself pumped guys call it
teen moms 14 logs but obviously you guys
know it's gotta be team logs it's the
strongest team on YouTube guys I'll see
you in a day okay guys literally like a
week later we're here I'm in a new
location I'm on holiday as I'm sure
you're aware and let me tell you the
beef between me and mom has gone out of
control like completely out of control
if you don't already
she's been chatting sherger over on her
channel literally just change sugar all
day all night every video just chatting
sugar about me and I'm just a minor my
own business and it's not to the point
now where I'm actually making my own
diss track and I'm going to tell you
more about that in the next videos
reveal the next
days with guys right now it works
perfectly I've got this district ready
here because I need so in a way I need
to start teaching myself I need to learn
more about the art of discharge ready
for mom and the guys finished with the
clickbait discharge so I'm going to
listen to this right now here why saying
anyway dude hey every did it good or not
I'm literally so excited I've been
waiting to do this for so long so I've
just had other things to think about
things being a big fat monster upstairs
and being really really annoying on our
own channel that's mom by the way well
yeah I've got my laptop down here he did
email me the file and I genuinely have
no clue what to expect I haven't looked
at this yet it could be a flop it could
be really good it could be fire mean
this guy plans to team up together
because really good I'm just going to
see I'm just going to see what it what
he came up with but one thing I am
really really excited because I need to
study this track see if I can take
anything from it and use it in my track
guys one more time if you're new here
remember to go down there and smash that
subscribe button
we're on the rise we're doing so good we
grow in so strong so if you could
subscribe that'd be amazing and finally
leave a like on this video right now put
10 years of good luck yep and you
probably won't believe me but you know
if you don't like it and it turns out
I'm telling the truth who's gonna be
laughing then eh oh I've got it
I have got it indeed all your order is
ready here we go oh my goodness I am so
freaking hyped right now oh okay let's
make sure the speaker is all it loud I'm
ready
oh my god I'm ready tears and straight
fire right now oh my god guys here is
okay guys three two one oh really cuz
it's my earphones oh oh okay okay
you know we beyond their clickbait you
know we think I'm gonna get the fumes up
by any means necessary
oh yeah I just need your attention
everybody look this way Oh
switch it rule you know that I'll tell
me my big break clickbait you know that
it really ain't that new I'm gonna put a
dope give each other penny other raise
let the people say that I'm lying you
can say that up tripping but I just need
to click it I call it good business you
want to complete it I'll make it very
intriguing when I start my videos like
you won't believe is a keep on clicking
cuz I know you want a few what happens
people say they hate it but I swear man
I ain't happening
really ain't a crime I do it all the
time my channel school equipment video
thing today
Oh oh my god I'm never going to change
we all like but I know you'll be a fan
now watch my new video you're wasted oh
hey
click break holder ding Wow oh my god
I always lose again mouth la wanna come
see this
I make it very intriguing oh my videos
like to walk with me that's what I asked
they did a tile you won't believe this
my fault
haha this is just to stick with the
tooth it really ain't crap can't do it
maybe you'll think of the night
clickbait be ashamed of my pain keep
both doing it I'm never going to change
like me but I know you'll be a fan now
watch my new video waster and eBay
Clickbank hold up yeah hold on it did
somebody literally just say like
straight fire hose not just me like Jack
my oh my got a song about like wait I
literally like my dream like oh my
goodness gracious oh yeah guys that was
absolutely fire right there I didn't
know if they'd understand like the
reference like click mate and like do if
it was going to be like I don't know why
he was just if you didn't but like that
was like straight fireman died that was
gone Oh shade it's getting frickin hein
him and Jesus Christ well guys that was
the click bait song now I'm not even
sure I because I kind of want to
recreate this right maybe I rap for this
song I do like this song and then do a
music video for it or should I just do
the diss track on long because I'm not
sure I want to do the district on Mamba
what have we create this song we do with
fire tell me we'll do in the comment
section
maybe I should do boo maybe I'll combine
them - I don't even know guys I'm just
shocked because that was literally fire
but guys thank you all so much watching
this video I'm now stood up because I've
trust the freaking room because it was
literally that fire guys but yet thank
you all so much for watching this video
if you're new here go down there and
smash that subscribe or like show team
mom that we are the strongest unit we go
in a team will eventually go down and
maybe going up right now what they'll go
down one to realize what hypocrite molds
mum is I said it in third person there
but yeah guys thank you all so much for
watching subscribe if you're new if you
would leave a thumbs up on this video
that'll be so much appreciated I'll be
honestly like I'd be really really cool
guys thanks also for watching and as
always I've involved you guys been
awesome and I'll see you in my next
video crews out if your service
remember to subscribe to my channel and
don't forget to leave a like if you have
a big penis
thanks for watching think the help
