it has the big moment the big the big
question goes and my heart is pounding
right now are now 48 days ago and you're
probably thinking now eight days given
along with 2017 world eight day with new
eight years either anesthesia I have a
special announcement I don't know how to
say this okay we've noticed other for a
whopping eight days will you marry me go
for it gobby thank you I expressed it no
I can't express it like you can boys
again no oh my god is really so Korean
food I want to do it three two one three
two one
oh for God's sake hello guys Oh welcome
back to another video today we're here
on top of London look at this per view
if you don't already in yesterday's
while we literally booked the best room
in this entire hotel and today we're
leaving and we're going to another hotel
however the hotel we go into today has a
hot tub in the room like our own hot tub
and and yet all that and she still can't
even do my intro I just can't do intro
it's pretty clean G yeah you often a
cringy to refer Oh
so let me walk you through basically how
the day started today first thing we did
was get room service
yo so room service has just arrived tell
me why this looks just absolutely
incredible Juliana Juliana to be honest
I don't know to do both
oh then and then oh man yo we're gonna
literally demolish this and then after
that basically we went down to the pool
and Jill
it's literally been two minutes and
you've scared everyone else off come on
car we're doing this you know other
people want to go in here too you've
literally scared everyone off
guys I'm joke is probably me all the
other guys saw my ginormous muscles and
they're just a lot while I guys I guys
just started to we got her on oh and
then we came back to the room realized
we were really freaking late and had to
pack this is what you get when you come
to hotels with females I'm going to
literally stood here wasting so like an
hour oh I've been royally Morgoth here
and that brings us to now guys 12 a.m.
or the PM PM is it doesn't mean it's
p.m. is it
notice if it's 1 p.m. how is it 12 p.m.
then 1 p.m.
whoa what are you talking about that
we've got to leave the room right now
let me just quickly give you a little
tour of this room how will even it so
you look around here guys and it doesn't
actually look too bad like we've left it
in decent condition there's a bleep told
on the floor there so that's not really
that good but you come up the staircase
to our buddy's bed and we've absolutely
destroyed it oh my goodness
look no guys towels everywhere pillows
cushions but buddy room service on the
floor please down belong on the floor
just stupid person keyboardist in even
work loads more room service it doesn't
belong on the floor hole boy hold up
what up yo I am taking that and then
finally through here this is probably
the worst date this actual water all
over the floor
this towels everywhere and yeah that
come out we leave in here so I'm not
forgetting how muffin though anyway guys
that was my morning today we've got an
awesome day plans as I said we booked
another hotel this one has a hot tool
which I literally can't wait like I
genuinely am way too excited for this
but we go and shop in and also guys keep
your voices down it's a secret I got I
got to go in another room
you can hear me and also guys as you can
tell from with Tyler's video something
pretty crazy is going down in today's
vlog I can't I want to say out loud just
in case you know she's listening but
it's going down guys if you new hit that
subscribe one for more videos just like
this one but guys another shot of me in
the mirror we're heading out right now
it's going to be a good day bro okay so
as you guys know you're not supposed to
film in Selfridges however you boy
doesn't play by the rules so I'm a film
in here is I don't play by the all she
she's she's not filming she hasn't
gotten in a check the blog life isn't
first you guys know saw it first on this
channel we gonna make please pay very on
again
yo she wants to take me makeup shopping
oh man oh god okay guys
I'm definitely buying more shoes I don't
need any more shoes but I am going to
definitely end up buying more shoes I
need how oh no guys and against them
which were like a week after getting my
uses so guys I did go ahead and get some
new shoes my one excuse is that I don't
have any high-top shoes I only have EEZ
so I went and got some oh yeah now big
girl Anatoli oh is going to go get some
Gucci shoes so which one do you think
and then shown to the camera do a bit of
a fashion show
I really like the all know I kind of do
some minor better but once it was really
nice I never actually see mine yet guys
I'll show me in a minute I'm just kind
of probably showing you you know they're
all kind of Hut - oh wait for real Ana
would it be a little bit crazy if I got
a pair of them as well the slide yeah
would that be a little bit crazy guys
know I'm kind of way hold on hold on
hold on wait if you win me in
rock-paper-scissors I buy a pair of them
alright I promise you okay wait we're
going on scissors oh no something called
survive them you guys didn't believe me
I tell you I'm a man of my word
I'm genuinely actually going to try
these on
oh oh man oh the next level all there
goes there goes there goes yeah no just
want to be in a ball you're in the ball
middle of Selfridges the song you guys
hear constantly loved one after legend
five minutes later right guys all I'm
gonna ask is that you literally just
listen up for a second I have the
weirdest story to tell you okay so the
last clip of this blog was when we were
literally just shopping right the camera
mom right now is my big Sony camera
however the battery was out of charge
for this so I was vlogging today earlier
on using my smaller camera and you're
basically why did I got two pairs of
shoes right the Gucci sliders and then
the trainers the I bought right now
basically I was carrying two bags around
and a ropes like on my back so I was
really really struggling and I have two
memory cards I've actually took today
and I swapped them round
just before I lost my vlogging camera my
other one it's a weird story right but
basically what happens I got rid of the
box for the sliders because it was in a
huge box and I didn't need that big of a
box and I literally Bend as the
selfridges bag with like the shoebox in
it with like nothing inside the shoebox
but why think actually happened is I put
my small vlogging camera inside the
freaking bag as I bend it so yeah guys
long story short I have just bend my
800-pound camera now you're probably
thinking more why don't you bloody
destroy right now basically if I'd have
lost it with the memory card inside it
might not have lost all the footage for
this vlog but I managed to change it
literally like minutes before so I did
get kind of lucky but however I am still
frickin mad but yeah guys change the
subject the walls must go on new camera
new memory card baby let's go
now we're not new hotel room as you can
probably tell this one is a little bit
different it's kind of more retro style
but there's one thing in this hotel room
which kind of you know puts a level
above the rest and believe on are not
talked about I know who is looking very
very beautiful sound better now I'm
talking about she does a pretty
beautiful one talking about how here is
your eyes the other Brigid eyes up on
the roof top floor Wonder view
you you know how we do out here guys no
mention about check this check this
check this yo ah and also guys you got
to keep this a secret but I do have the
ring I have it ready and I think this is
why I'm going to pop the big question
guys I'll talk to you more about that
later on
but right now we're just chilling really
like the today's been very overwhelming
I've lost 800 pounds I've spent like 600
panels of shoes which I'm going to show
you right now because you deserve to see
my shoes let me show you them now okay
so these are go step ladies and Nazis I
don't even know what this brand was
until my friend showed me them but yeah
she seems to like them do you like them
oh thank you well they haven't even seen
them yet so no so these are the actual
Gucci bags that I kept from my sliders
with your hair by the way I remember I
took the bags out of the box and then
bend it but most of my vlogging camera
must have been inside well yeah who
cares about that it's only a hundred
pounds let's see what's in here so yeah
guys they actually are individually
wrapped because like nice pretty mint oh
come on baby take over the law calling
me pain oh that's so nice
Josh you like them yeah I do I do really
love into fur I might hate whoa No come
on please don't do that
No go show me yours too because I feel
like you'd be much more excited about
showing than yours
your hairs aren't quite as good as mine
breathe air pretty decent not that
pretty decent awesome slice you got to
ask you buy me not getting to make one
but basically all these trainers are you
so happy you are they everything oh I
get this right guys I'm sorry I'm just
going to snatch right she's got duty
trainers and you know yeah when you
think it gives you what you think of you
think of fucking snake like she got the
ones with her please be on them what is
that be was his name ever even easy
stepping logs
take it fricking be shoes but I don't
even want them can you count me down
literally I'm going to try to a room
tour this entire place in 10 seconds
give me a freaky one and do it three Hey
what oh so right here is the bed inner
door bathroom got toilet doubling
doubling shower that and it's also about
whenever you a will double
chess table table table table is
vigorous TV yes I am a dog don't do it
yo did I do it
Oh smashed it change of plans
she is about to feel the wrath of me
when I get balls in my hands that's
right guys going to go in bowling I
don't know what they would think you
know you would think you guys we're just
going bowling she's about to feel the
wrath of these big strong arms so it
turns out the bowling bleep up top right
the next one start as the film starts it
turns out I'm just gonna smash your air
hockey instead leave your store
prediction to the conversation below I'm
going for seven two more
Wow
Oh
what
final score guys seven one though I
predicted I either say 7 1 or seven to
proof right there easy I mean it's not
really competition at the end a day I
need some real competition I mean cause
so anna has just challenged me to a game
of pool and I literally I never learned
that this game right so join a titty
camera and I can show them how a real
man breaks oh that was pretty good
grab this chair one of these by the way
so I was going to get very annoying
sharing with the enemy
Todd of an arc so we're just leaving
guys unfortunately I don't actually
surprised me it's actually really good
and guys to comment go through this way
but yeah guys she actually ended up
winning me she didn't get caught I mean
I said I wanted some real competition
she's challenging mr. pool still no
competition but yeah right now off to
watch Annabelle bloody Annabelle what a
name could we go rather than we've just
finished watching the film what did you
think it was really good that's it
she's like bullion market I almost fell
asleep right because I didn't even sleep
last night
this is like my 40th hour without sleep
and probably thinking how is it
impossible standard stuff for me money
standard stuff I've got I've got used to
it but yeah you beguile the film I'd
give it about 7.4 would you get a yeah I
think like an ar-10 okay so guys as you
can tell right now we're back in the
room and literally was it right now like
12 we I'm actually used the hot tub yet
so is that this time guys
the wait is over take it away way to me
the hand through the hard way I'm going
to try and but which way we pull it pull
it towards you okay three two one be
okay
oh we start it whoa whoa put it out
I thought you honey you also we've got a
hot tub going our name is Corey Lee and
tell him is it nice sorry good solid
tell I said yo I haven't even go in it
yeah but I am very very excited
i'ma come in in like two minutes I just
need to go to the toilet all right and I
knew that I need a poo okay yeah see ya
bye I'm a bloody prankster I am a bloody
prankster I am a bloody prankster I am
when you when you look at pranks from
the dictionary you just see my bloody
face shut that door right there ladies
and gentlemen I didn't need a poo plot
twist guys it's time for the big moment
I'm sorry to keep your weight and dis
long into the wad I am sorry it's time
to the big moment the big the big
question guys my heart is pounding right
now you probably all as confused as I am
I'm very very confused with guys around
them or walking eight days ago and
you're probably thinking you know eight
days doesn't seem that long but 2017 bro
eight days with the new eight years like
come on come on but yeah guys honestly I
have nobly closed my bathroom I've got
my really great aesthetic look at this
oh my god I'm not going to my guys I got
up I was on flight 15-pound but I mean
like I'm gonna tell it was like a Rolex
ring or something and I just don't I
don't think most earrings will ever
guys I'm just so nervous my heart is
pounding that is not my heart that one
is my heart but it's still freakin
pounding it's time to ask the big
question I'm going to do it in the hot
tub because you know it's blue romantic
and a lot of stuff told me like give me
some good what I don't wash is going to
say drop your subscribers in you guys
joined the freaking team joined the
squad joined team or this is what we do
this is how we do it out here which I
just saw what she says no and this
entire video just goes down the drain
oh god okay I'm very nervous now guys
I'm going to the hot tub goes whole
thing started it's time to do this
either anesthesia I have a special
announcement I don't know how to say
this okay
we've known each other for a whopping
eight days but you know what I say in
2017 eight days actually equivalent to
eight years so we've known each other
for eight years and those eight years
have been the best eight years of my
life
I've been single eyes for a while this
water is very annoying but I'm just
going to go for it
Anastasia we're watching SEC your name
again King King King will you marry me
oh my godness
oh my goodness this is the happiest
moment of our lives
oh my god you may now put on the ring is
how it works I can't wait and got oh my
god
oh wow is it too big a little bit I'll
show you how J dollars of are the flags
guys eight days yeah I thought it takes
I'm a married man
you all said I couldn't get a girl you
all said my mom was the only one but
nightmare is what I say what you guys
say - hey Ana
Hey yeah you didn't tell me the plan of
see I'll take over hey you you may not
understand true love because you've
never had fully too long what they say
is true love eight days is all it takes
this is actually the fourth day we've
seen each other in real life it's true
love I stopped hating if the musically
couples can do it we can first our first
hour as a married man quite happy to be
married to such a beautiful young boy it
took to me yes I stuck ok she's
definitely not happy to say well yeah
guys I think this is where we are going
to end of log because I am very tired
I will act well then yeah that's a
Thailand
guys if you enjoyed the video you
already know what to do go down there
and smash that libel and I am literally
dying collar down below hashtag
relationship goals married in eight days
that gotta be a new record and also
comment down below if you think we
should not have the wedding scene
because you know you can't be married is
on word and guys thank you so much for
watching subscribe if you're new well
consolation hold a minute she's actually
holding it like that on the shoulder
guys thank you all so much for watching
subscribing video easy mode joined the
gang velocity layer tomorrow a 6 km for
and also daily vlog guys thanks for
watching I've been more you
I've been very tired I'll see you in to
my video booth out oh my god that was
the most tired out Japanese oh he
doesn't remember to subscribe
Mowgli's channel and don't forget to do
the night of the deep penis thanks for
watching please watch out
