yo Teemo this is like this is a mental
siege I hear no way if I balcony
yeah oh no hello guys are welcome back
to another video which I seems to be
starting in my car my car oh okay mum's
car but like we shout double wrap in the
Dior sunglasses that's a mum of swag
right there
now I've been getting packed for the
past hour because I'm going up to stay
in London and that's cool but it meant
one thing it meant that mum got away
without a prank today yeah the wait as
soon as I'm back mom the war star-lord
and the ball start to the we all knows
women it Oh get lost man get lost more
so as I said guys I'm off to London
today algorithm organ only watching
meeting in London you haven't even told
me on those absolutely none of your
business
are you guys doing oh yeah guys if
you're new to the channel and you've
never seen my beautiful ugly disgusting
face on your degree before welcome to
the channel my name is malls this is the
channel where we just basically prank
people and then go to London that's
about it prank pranks in London does my
channel
so yeah if you want pranks in London
they go down there and hit I subscribe
when join team orgs and you can go and
subscribe too long to join you know team
moment you want but we all know which
team is superior and it's not team mom
Morgan what you meant to say is if you
want a quality channel with good content
go to team home
she's just hit me with a savagery right
now I kind of no words comet hashtag
savage mom in the conversation down
below I've got to admit Teen Mom African
savages well yes today is going to be
good I'll come back to you in a little
while bro ladies and gentlemen
they already begin I've been here for
literally two minutes already shopping
top woman Topshop cops I suppose top
woman well it's hot man upstairs so we
should have top woman Julie anyway yeah
guys no filming oh okay my bad bro they
told me I couldn't build but you know
that with a blog life has to convert
though I don't even play by the rules
but yeah we rolled off to bubble ology
how good it it out cheetah like you
don't mind and do it she hates them
right I think that the best things going
I've got this raspberry juice with my
apple green body of all things in it
yeah I'm loving like here and actually
honest is oh yeah oh look boots
carry all this I've got Tamron one hand
a drinking the order to keep their bag
on my back I'm up to last all right
we're all let's go
I should go sorta
I can water if I can do it it's cool
it's cool right so I don't think any of
you have actually been formally
introduced this is my new girlfriend say
hi just wanna go try again try again
this right here is my new girlfriend's
power line there we go smashed it so
yeah basically I've grabbed it to be
here but you know we don't need to tell
anyone about that we've got a hotel
vault it's in weather keeps again
Westminister guys I'm not going to lie
I've booked a pretty good one so you
better be you better be thankful oh look
at this YouTube blog upon what you vol
ooh
this is all good I've been meaning to
ask you to do this for a while now get
ready guys get ready to roast in the
conversation what is your name and
Savior sorry what area I'm aesthetic oh
my god stop I say they're honest I'm a
face here I'm honest I'll unmask
participant Hodge speller I an ASP afia
I'm special you think that you think you
might not be able to why then to me and
unaesthetic have just got here to this
man I can't wait until like everyone's
comment about your name I won just do me
a favor and just roast the name in the
conversation right now
Anastasia who comes up with out
realistically sorry my life no it's a
very nice name tree fighter who you want
to be called Morgan like a girl's name
and I owe you anyway guys we pulled up
right now hotel or say impress so far
you know mama ladies my master aboard
ladies love guys we've literally just
checked in
wrong rule number one thousand five one
hundred and forty three five thousand
five hundred rooms the actually taking
them in this hotel is like ginormous
wolf I like fi pain my face
nano oh my god were high oh geez will hi
real buddy hi how can you have one
thousand five hundred and forty three
rooms it may badly a good one
imagine them I try cleanable I generally
clean and stuff them ourselves and also
about twenty seven different people
yes
oh my god Oh boys and girls is oh my god
I wanna do the honors
I am actually ready I'm so ready right
now yo team walls this is like this is a
mental scenes right here
little stairs bro little boy oh no wait
it's our balcony yes
we've actually smashed it it's actually
mental know about lovely for this I'm
going upstairs we actually have a spiral
circuit oh no no the body size is I just
wanna I didn't even have a clue with you
to be this good
like the groaning boom washes it's not a
full lecture oh well my buddy got the
person it like the check in so we had a
nice room but like I got here is yes
free biscuits free biscuits
oh my god y'all they've even gave us a
little bit of I don't know the body all
this is I can't um we can leave us no
wonder age drinking round here smushed
Aaron would feel goody oh my god mashed
it right ladies and gents I swear to you
I genuinely I mean III got a good room
obviously because you know I just got to
that obviously but like I could live in
this like I genuinely would be happy
with living in this in case you didn't
see we've got ginormous bed wardrobe TV
desk view of London spiral staircase
bathroom with a fast like double sink
speak shower which all bodies both clean
up would not play we've actually killed
it that's just the upstairs
I only buddy shot okay so the guys just
came into a room to open the balcony
door for us like you know the rooms
incredible or not well I'm logging live
the Falcon is quite on the Wellman like
I expected or better so we come out here
and throw it's a little bit sunny but
like for real guys you please look at
this it's logical don't expect in like I
mean come on how the hell is too was
gonna fit on this please put it Tyler
you know and they gave was the viewing
like the worst part one them too I mean
for real when you talk about blue
disgusting views oh what's that thing
it's just horrible
oh but for real guys this is what you
gotta do you gotta do some more
but stay with morg this is what y'all
get used to for real those pretty crazy
I think I'm joking I didn't I didn't
nothing will again miss but we smashed
it and yeah wow what a star am I just
the best person in the world on earth oh
there you go John I sell I've actually
killed it high five
smashed it smashed it well then i'm
aesthetic what we're doing right now
yeah the room is absolutely boiling so
we're going to leave the doors open and
go down to the spa check it out Zelda
pool is my dope is I charge some kind of
Marvel I'm gonna try to sneak this one
in I don't think that allowed in any way
shape or form but the wildlife has to
come first bro I know the white mouse
there you like tomorrow take that we are
way too young to be in the hotel but
whatever you're we grown-up adults we're
adults right so we're not supposed to
take cameras through to this pull apart
I was looking at me like I'm some sort
of where though I just want to vlog you
know I'm saying guys check this out oh
my goodness whoa everybody know beware
geez guys are going to go forward I
would take my camera in but I feel like
going to probably try and hurt me if I
was taking a camera into a pool well
yeah let's do it
oh my god yo let it change see you guys
some reason my lens a time nigga kind in
the steam room oh yes whereas Luger on
the wave one yeah they all get word on
it I'm gonna call you and I'm gonna try
and call you different
every single tax day still I'll come
over for ya laughs you know for showing
your sickness Dean no you can't sort of
the booty one for the girls it's
actually not a horrible I'm kind of cold
she was like seeing anything all right
I was there can we see her oh we're not
literally a cake way over the doors open
the door
oh my god okay we've was not waiting or
she they can be see now they still can't
see why it was okay they can see again
those buns nice order only your life in
the course where I need to come all
right then we've just come out of the
spa but I've just clocked on to
something right you know earlier we said
the game was a good room right top for
4:15 I've just caught on to the fact
that I swear we have literally got the
last room at the best room in the entire
hotel like no not just like half of it
literally the entire hotel is the last
room one five four three and we
genuinely have gone and copped the best
room in the house hey I've kind of
dropped almost all night now I mean just
look at it dangle everywhere
yo walking is so overrated she does not
look happy
by because for that jeez I can finally
times myself boy yeah
Oh is so good I'm so enjoying me like to
buy myself this is great oh now I'm
buying Wow hi we um we don't know shit
no you tell me
um we're the manor yeah the Pol Pot old
God
she put the marking the wrong place on
uber and we don't really clue where we
are
why why are you doing this friendly
right so we ordered new but she's
probably thinking I'm on place the
marketing so he's pretty stoic around
this stupid Road then one of his clue
where you I displayed yeah what the hell
it's cuter than the fifth time here okay
turns out me in the Yuba driver a little
beverage charting it was a pretty pretty
sound guy but right now we rolled up to
Selfridges and you know I'm assessing
over is just really struggling to open
the door come on come on oh wait you
sure it's open
what it's under who I thought I was suck
all work was actually short it's
actually short oh my gosh I didn't oh my
gosh I bloody Alan assess it was always
your Oh
oh right so we've changed to sit down in
qgi Sundays and get some food right with
me it's Sunday oh yes mine looks pretty
phenomenal merged with bleep off each
others arms
realistically have you ever seen a meal
that looks pretty bad than that and then
you look over here you look laughing so
off you cheeseburger
so I think four feet easily yeah oh yeah
when we hold a hot older oh god oh no
why so honest Rodya is about two other
is about to literally on uber she's like
to call the driver rude when it was her
that put the wrong location how can you
actually justify this no no no because I
put the wrong location whether he was
really really rude so I thought he was
really rude and it was like I was
beginning a little one sorry not the
provider anything but just to help you
other people out I don't know personally
I think you're in the wrong and my guys
you were driver who was actually quite
friendly you know so I'm just I'm not
sure I helped my guy out but you know
she's just been a bit of a negative
Nancy boy hold up yep come on after you
after you
yep okay that's cool but oh yeah thank
you for some peace and quiet
Jesus especially nice get some fucking
peace and quiet oh no I'll know oh no
aah
just when you thought this view
literally couldn't get any better
it turns now the lights come on oh man
like for real
ah God yo I'm freaking out right now for
real however ended up on this how we've
ended up on this I don't have a clue but
we have guys thank you all so much for
watching this video
another one tomorrow as you know guys
vlogs every day 6 p.m. on your screen
semental ones are coming up guys be
ready be excited got some good ones
coming up well yeah we're just going to
go to bed I think she thought it in but
I think I'm has all the impact you know
so so she's gone all over early but yeah
guys it's like 1 a.m. right now so I
love it tires you know I'm not I'm not
hundreds in time I'm a little bit tired
but yeah guys tomorrow's vlog is going
to be insane we've got a hell of a lot
more planned and we're also going to be
rolling up to my new hotel like yes
we've got that we've got another one I
kind of wish we could stay in this one
but tomorrow's one's going to be awesome
too so tune in to the vlog tomorrow as
one's a thank you all so much for
watching guys
if you not already go down there and
smash that subscribe or enjoying team
org we welcome everybody all new faces
we're guys also comment down below what
videos you want me to do with Anna in
the comment section below I'll read them
I mean among as always I've been mauled
you guys been awesome and I'll see you
tomorrow in the next video pretty out if
you're a dreaded video remember to
subscribe and love this channel I don't
forget to give a like if you have a 15
thanks for watching these that happen
