all right so I've been so here for I've
been sitting here for the past hour
at least just thinking if I was going to
make this video or not and I'm still not
sure somebody's your master I'm sure
I've been sat here thinking you know is
this video worth making am i just
overthinking this entire thing I'm still
not even sure why I am making this book
you guys are literally everything to me
everything to me and like a conscious
final and all you seem to be saying that
I'm in the right here so I I think I'm
making the right decision I think I'm
making the right decision anyway guys
hello and welcome back to another video
now this isn't going to be you know the
typical morg style video this one is
actually a lot more serious because um I
genuinely don't know where to start I
really just don't know where to start so
you may be familiar that a little while
ago a few weeks ago I made my mum a
channel and yes I made my mom a channel
it was my idea
I built the channel I made the channel I
shouted out the channel I gave a
promotion on my snapchat my Instagram
even I did a full dedicated video to her
channel here on my channel 14 morgg's I
showed all the team orgs her channel and
asked you all to go and subscribe to her
I got 100,000 subscribers but literally
overnight I think she's got about
200,000 subscribers now dynamite I had
to work for four years four years to get
my first hundred thousand subscribers
and I got others with the click of the
fingers I mean I can't actually click my
fingers boom you guys know I mean and
then actually kills me to even say it it
was my birthday it was my birthday not
long ago and I chose to spend my
birthday at a YouTube event meeting you
guys because at the end of the day
there's nothing I enjoy more nothing
I enjoy more than meeting you guys you
guys have said a lot already are
literally everything to me and I was
meeting you guys for two hours straight
on the Saturday which was the day before
my birthday and I decided I would like
to stay over and meet more of you guys
because I honestly can't stress enough
team bogs are just the greatest people
literally in the world I asked mom if
this was okay she said yes and this is
something she hasn't told you guys I
asked if I could stay over from to my
birthday and she said yes she's fine
with it and then I arrived home the next
day early the next day and she prank me
on her channel for the first video she
swapped out my presence and replaced
them with a bunch of girls presents and
then smashed a cake in my face and if
you haven't seen already roll the clip
of your life just to kind of game switch
with your feminine side
no it's a joke there's so much original
sweet potatoes you love sweet potatoes
Wow it's all crap that's your education
this monster what are you doing with it
oh don't think I'm ever going to buy you
anything again
Oh enjoy your birthday
love words you know I'll actually
disappoint himself or not in my corner
now you may be saying morg you find
people absolutely all the time you've
pranked her multiple times you've done
much worse
how the hell can you be sad complaining
that she pranked you and it's not that
guys it's not even as you pram me on at
birth my birthday see I didn't even care
about that like she got me good I admit
it she got me good it was a good way to
start Channel but it's what she did next
that really it wasn't even that it just
got to me it was just completely messed
up just completely and utterly messed up
too far just too far so after the prank
she told me that she had an actual
present which she was going to let me do
on my channel okay better mine this is
my channel this is why bill this is this
is team morg this is our space this is
our little area where we can all be
ourselves we could be happy with where
again we're a team or a community we
built this together but she says I can
have my president I can record it from
my channel it is why she did next that
literally medicine just messed up so
basically she surprised me with a dog a
little puppy love the little puppy I
you've probably already seen the video
but it haven't already here's my
reaction are you overwhelmed you knew
you wanted well and you said the old
youtubers have talks in a little
chihuahua are you gonna cry my surgery
buzzer happy birthday along oh he's
gonna be new YouTube oh my god of
jewelry good clothes oh what a shame
easy actually is Doug this old thing has
been a prime this is a prank with Bora
duty for the day it has got to go back
now
come on little Izzy let's take you home
I was emotional I mean I literally was
crying like the first time originally
ever cried on camera because of this
little dog and then an hour later she
reveals me that you know the prank
revisions on her channel wasn't enough
and that she did that one as a prank as
well and that just is too far to me that
is utterly completely too far and it's
not just because it was a double prank
again I'd be fine with that the way she
did it now here's a clip from ages ago
from a few months ago why me and more
roughly talking about getting a dog I've
been one in another dog for absolutely
ages I love dogs
they are literally my favorite animals I
will through know so much and I wanted
to get a friend I just wanted another
power for the channel here's a clip from
when we were talking about if you don't
believe me months ago I've been
wondering for a while I think it'd be
awesome to have my videos with my mom
doesn't seem too fond of the idea do you
know I don't want to live along the cube
I don't know another well me and mom
having a long talk about it and it got
to the point where she actually said
what she wanted to name it if we were to
get one we're not going one by name why
would you think of a name that you want
to name if you didn't want to get one I
think she's having a lot of it here you
know I think she's charting she shall
play mind games with us
I was always literally that was me
literally begging her in a calf to get
one we kept talking for a while
she told me that she didn't want one and
that she were going to get one in the
future so ever since then I've had a
little part of me that has just been
thinking you know maybe one day we'll be
able to get another dog maybe one day
you know my literally my dream will
happen and there are me gives this
beautiful little dog to me and like I'm
just liking done literally in shock into
in tears I couldn't believe it and then
she tells me it's um a prank for my
channel as well as a prank for her
channel and
ridiculous really I think I think is
ridiculous I've done a lot of pranks on
mom as I'm sure you aware you know the
prank wars is begun for a little while
I've done some pretty bad stuff you know
for like salt in a drink of show with
nerf guns have used alarms and I've
shouted into the alarms with her but you
know dad just pranks they just
practically happen and then they're done
but no aftershock there's no deep down
emotion to it she brings in this this
dream that I've had gives it to me
leaves it with me for an hour and then
crushes it and I was sad thinking am I
overreacting to all this I'm up just
taking it too far I've been a sore loser
so I thought I'd look at the comment
section on her video and what I'm going
to do is I'm going to read you out for
you right now too far way too far more
why lost all respect for you this was
way too far that's not a prank that's
way too far you know more than one
another dog for ages cross the line too
far way too far so you guys get the
overall reaction and I've literally been
cited just reading them just thinking
just am I overreacting and I don't know
I don't think I am not obviously I've
been thinking for a little while now how
do I react to this what do I do
do I you know try and shut down a
channel do I just not make videos with R
anymore do i do i just just do another
prank on her and i was thinking you know
I don't just want to do a small world
prank on her I don't just want to just
not do videos with her I wanted I want
to star war keyboards versus Team mob I
feel like if I was to sit here and sulk
and you know cry and get emotional and
just do a lot of prank on us
it wouldn't justify this I feel like
what she's done is she's done something
to me which is so deep and so serious
that the only way I can physically get
back and start and get my revenge is if
I hit so with everything I've got
if I get T morgues and we all as a unit
just we just
we just we just start a war she deserves
it man she deserves it she deserves it
I made I made I've done some bad things
to month I've done some bad things to
month but them nothing nothing as bad as
this this is this isn't even bad this is
beyond a joke this is too far she's not
going to get away with us I promise you
she's not going to get away with this so
I asked you guys pick pick aside pinky
side wisely even aside with me the guy
who worked on YouTube for four years the
guy that built an army a strong fan base
team all we were worried unit we're a
solid freaking unit or you're gonna side
with mom you know she's first she's new
onto YouTube she used to help me a lot
in my career she'd call me a lot with
YouTube but she's just getting way too
big for a boots she's taking this whole
thing too fast if she wants to take this
thing far and she wants to make this
serious take this to a whole new level
then I'm fine with that because I'm old
and you know you don't you can't beat me
at my own game but you can't beat me at
my own game one more thing I want to say
before I end this video and I want to
ask you a few things as well number one
is you may have seen on YouTube at the
moment a lot of youtubers seem to be
doing these new things called diss
tracks they've been around for a while
basically where you make a song all
about dissing someone but a bit kind of
states in the frickin title Lord Kyle
it's alright I think so now I want to
keep this war off with a bang and still
I don't want to just shoot it with a
little nerf gun or spray something in a
room I want to kick this whole thing off
I want to cook I want to hit where hurt
but I just don't know guys
does she deserve a diss track do you
want me to do a diss track on mum I'm
asking you guys severely from the heart
because I don't know I don't know if
she's done enough to deserve it I don't
know if you guys want to see it I'm new
to roughen I don't have a bloody clue
I'm doing I'm just asking do you guys
think I should do a diss track on them
and the way you can show me if you want
a diss track is by funding off this
video leave it alike if this video can
get loads of funds up like 50,000 I will
probably
do a dis truck on mom and also if you're
new here subscribe to the channel right
now to join team orgs this is the
strongest army out of these two armies
you've got team moulds you've got team
mom you've got team Lords who literally
built team mob and you've got team mom
who thinks they can come over to us and
try and sabotage everything we still
subscribe down below join team molds or
goings going sub to team more mum better
watch out and I know she'll be watching
this right now but guys guys all wanted
to say I'm not sure if I'm overthinking
this whole thing I don't know if I'm
being too harsh that's why I'm asking
you should I do it this strike do you
think this is necessary comment down
below what you think I'm just
realistically a little bit mad because I
give them everything I build her up from
them from nothing and this is how she
repays me guys I just want to say thank
you so much for watching subscribe if
you liked the video if you want me to
drop a district and guys one more time I
love you all so much team oats are the
strongest army out there we're a group
this is team mom and they 16 wars were
strong with were solid we're rock we're
freakin rock with the rock guys thank
you so much for watching and as always
I've involved you guys been freaking
awesome and I'll see you in my next
video mom's going down
you
