happy birthday Malden oh my god I'm so
excited for you alright sixteen come on
wrong Morgan and you're happy she's
coming to senior she's called easy
Morgan happy birthday
I know we have a bit of an argument
earlier but I was just upset didn't come
home
oh you're really trying Java blog of
birthday over guys as you can tell I'm
just in pranks you know what Morgan
enjoy your birthday so as you know by
now long has a channel and she just
uploaded a first video an hour ago and
we just finished filming her first video
where we go as you can tell by the cake
that's currently on my nose
guys why she did it wrapped a bunch of
girls presence and gave them to me and
then smashed a cake in my face as you
can frickin tell and she did on her
channel as her first video and she just
said to me that she has actually bought
me a proper present and I'm like yo I'm
gonna make the motion opportunity and
you on my channel so I'm about to get
showered up cleaned up freshened up and
ready to get received ready to receive
your new present guys what sure buddy
asked you've watched this there'll be a
link in description I got freaking
pranked hard I'm just going to miss it
but I don't care because I got a gift
coming right now I'll see you in a
little while okay guys so it's been
about an hour I'm clean I'm ready with
my friend we have made friends again you
know because I'm more than like I'm not
too much did that I'm not mad at you I'm
actually mido myself for just falling
for it no I'm saying yeah usually I'm
the prank King but I promise you guys I
will never fall for another prize from
her so today I don't really know what's
happening so you know what mom you tell
them so if you watch my video you'll see
I'll be on sex it was logon 16th
birthday yesterday so I pranked him
really really good but I feel kind of
bad but I just keep on present back and
it's a really special present for him
yo well you may just smash move a cake
and bought me loads of girls burdens but
yo you have a chance to redeem yourself
so amazing game all love dogs welcome
this is something that you've like
wanted and you've been nagging me for
for ages and it all no way you call me a
girlfriend but I bought your present I
can't I can't make very cool happen
so basically dies today mum's not only
taking over her own John she's taking
over mine because I don't have a clue
what's about to happen however I'm very
excited because apparently this is going
to be a really really tasty yes guys
watch the full video because it's gonna
be a good one mom yeah it's not gonna be
tasty but it's gonna be a good one
yo I'm excited but guys just before we
came to this video is John you you
already know what to do go round there
ah mush that subscribe or not also leave
much alike on the video and also guys if
you aren't already of course go down
there and subscribe to more than just
maybe subscribe to mom to know she needs
the subscribers your end of the white
team mom is currently growing faster
than team all I'm pretty concerned right
now and see all these guys I could say
modern Mambo in the end of the day yes I
kind of actually saved me calories
having your mom that literally killing
calories yeah young mom to see what did
that very pretty clever well guys before
we continue
mom what a few more questions for you
because I'm not gonna lie if you give me
like a box or some clean I don't think
I'm gonna be dumb enough to freakin open
it I know you deserve me a good present
but you're freakin Savage you are the
savages mom I've ever seen in the savage
world so I'm not going to trust you so
you know explaining yourself I don't
know I can trust you yellow and it's not
you say non Savage but you were 16 and
you think even come over your birthday
no so much mulch savage moles business I
don't go nowhere who is no freaking
Savage
gonna be your boy why'd you say we
should get dollars well yeah we've got
so I think you should go to the kitchen
and I'll get present which is not in the
house and I'll bring the president see
ya see ya
I'm starting to really think the
president has a girlfriend
have you done the impossible no I've
done the impossible nobody can do that
more go
Morgan is just too inflexible okay not
going to start so I'm going to go into
my bedroom right now and we're going to
get this started I'm very high I'm very
excited guys drop alike why think the
president will be however can kinda just
read the tile and see whatever is gonna
mean the tile I don't know yes so hey
let's go find out what's gonna be I'm
not gonna lie malai I don't know if I
should believe you
so the present is outside what Martin's
outside Verizon okay markings not the
present a people need to find it Morgan
in the house so the president's been
waiting yo then I'll bring the pen am I
going to get a present in like under
like like very soon remark install the
present okay I know I also jumped I'll
bring it bring it bring it bring the
other let's go get the present can we
have the present oh oh thank you come on
quickly let's go in ah Oh what she
called it's me and lo is being our
Morgan's gonna love her we got the box
there's a little box to put her in right
there I tell you what we'll do let's
take the box upstairs Martin or put her
in it but be quiet now so Josh Exley oh
my gosh good pick
happy birthday Melvin oh my god I'm so
excited for you alright happy 16th oh oh
oh oh
Morgan are you happy oh she's coming to
senior she's called Izzy Morgan are you
overwhelmed so yeah a little dog a
little baby did not actually a baby more
than we were no no yeah we've got your
little dog I knew you wanted one and you
said the old youtubers have talks in a
little chihuahua so we got your little
little longer to our Morgan are you
going to cry
seriously reserves yeah look at that and
de launches a little bit what it's real
close for if they can dress their you be
sure yeah
oh that's me 16th birthday happy
birthday I know we have to give an
argument to earlier but I was just upset
degree I think come home or you know and
some others I kindly believe it I can't
take this
yeah yeah yeah oh my god no oh she's
gonna be in you you cute oh my god I'm
generally good cry oh you really try on
covers about the first time ever all
right
oh my god Oh honestly now I'm genuinely
over well there you are I really wanted
it much looser yeah why she says I know
it
ignore the camera is Chen Jing Zhu Zhu
da little dress I got I got I know
pleasement we saw yeah okay what thank
you so much
oh she's a little mud woman she jeez you
going mental
yah mo calm down oh hello Mitchell
action
yo this is the thrill Yul Brynner
I lost three in a bit we would oh my god
only just go up runo shows in my brain
over yet hello
oh my poor thing we should bring Bruner
over Wilson okay okay you're my real
husband expect that did you bees saal
your mom's idea
no I yeah she's ambitious because all
youtubers once it talks
no no Len come upon he says
because whatever the ruining this you'd
be saying 50/50 look oh yeah baby the
puppetry no no oh my god oh my god oh my
god oh my John she's on a throne and
Bruno's rest on the floor yeah she's
already taken over Bruno's role here
I've been wanting to say this for a long
time roll this dog cinematics darling
all right guys so multiple upstairs
would be safe for an hour an hour and a
half
bonding with us but what Morgan doesn't
know is easy actually as dark this old
thing has been a prank what we're going
to do now is we can all share and tell
Morgan that was just for a disease and
she's got all right so we're owners
I told Morgan he was going to be prank
Walsh this is just the start
come on Martin let's do this I do
actually feel a little bit bad but it's
actually going to awful lot of bad stuff
to me so I think he deserves this
oh hi all good you have kind of a have
you been getting on a plane with his
face yeah it are lovely I want to know
what Morgan I've actually got something
to tell you
I feel a little bit bad about it but
you've just followed bad things to me I
Mia love that prank so I'm afraid this
is a prank with aura duty for the day it
is got to go back now come on little
Izzy let's take you home
oh I might keep her come on then I think
we should go down and since I think I've
actually upset him
come on guys
Morgan you said prank wars I've Justin
what you want read three challenges no
more joking this promise do for you know
what I mean the door was too far I'm
sorry Morgan but I've done a lot bad
things to me yellow thing is Morgan you
should just come out on your birthday
time I got you something nice to know
well Morgan is called Pratt walls clean
mom said we were savage everybody says
on savage we wanted to win so we just
borrowed a dog for the dairy and that's
the primary Paul she's a borrowed dog
for the day yeah yeah sorry I even
surprised to my son enough so I'll just
bring playing twice in one day
yeah yeah promise you guys I will never
fall for another crime from her no one
knows she's got to go back now say bye
bye say bye bye easy no general who
knows bar anyway yeah
who knows bar anyway get this stupid
little thing Arthur it looks at cannot
even brand exact that it also fucking
ball Mario you had is a blues grace to
everybody when I lock in your head I
feel disgust get away from do you know
Martin didn't even give you his birthday
present it's brought you some cheese
strings oh I don't know what to say
really guys we need to say I'm going to
get cracked walls Morgan wants me to do
a channel but I feel seeing a sort of
big box I feel like what I've really
it's kind of upsetting because she said
you want water but I'm afraid you know
this is real now most channel versus
more this channel so you know it's got
Swiss like nice things
it's just got to toughen up a bit so I
see now what we'll say is I looking like
the video unfortunately Morgan's kind of
explained his bedroom but the thing is
prom was big come over for his birthday
I don't need much of an excuse to prank
Kim this is only the start so if you
enjoy the video leave a like subscribe
and don't forget check out my video
check out my channel an hour before this
one we put out my video where we got we
got lots of presents for Morgan had
presents and the actually ended up with
taken his face Oh
okay so sounds very much for watching
and we'll see you in the next video
peace out if yours drugs videos so
remember to subscribe to muggies channel
and don't forget to live in life you can
have a TP so the words to drop out
