I so guys but me angry is ready right
there's a ginormous line of people I'm
behind this thing space you wanna do I'm
gonna run out with my camera and gab you
on unless is no but don't get killed I
tell em to Moors and welcome back to
another video right now you probably
wondering more why the hell you in this
part of the bathroom right now that's
because the dam in London going to a me
angry with a bunch of people it's going
to be a freakin late day I cannot wait
and the may also be quite a few
surprised us walk ain't going to ruin
the surprise but look out guys now
you're probably wondering more how many
do they start let's be real none of you
or under than that one was going to tell
you anyway
so last night I go out doing loosely and
then 6:30 this morning I went out to the
gym and we all know what that means it's
time to roll the gym montage bro look at
this dude
oh my goodness you're so I've literally
just been kicked out of the gym first
apparently not being 18 however we all
knows because I was embarrassing the
other people in the gym now guys right
now we're heading off to Selfridges
because I want to pick myself of birth
depends if you don't already know my
birthday is freaking tomorrow so I'm
about to pick myself up a little present
to myself but before that if you're new
to this channel welcome to the channel
welcome to team moles go down there and
catch the subscribe to join the family
but guys just before we go you know
we're in a hotel Billy seems like to
give your little hotel tour yah we do
what do you think of what would you
think she would give them a tour maybe
shed yeah yo guys let's get it I for
some reason withstand in the bathroom
without his big mirror we got its
disgusting sink a huge shower a huge
ordeal and a bath let's move on by the
way this is apparently the luxury suite
we got free upgraded to this like Aldo
know why like it was pretty crazy then
we have the crushed up bedroom as you
can see there's room service down there
this pillow is all over the place we
really aren't leaving this place in good
spirit moving around here through this
little way we've got a little bit of
place to make your coffee ins and all
that stuff and then here you've got the
main room couch desk cake table windows
adil again he's just believed really
forgotten our table and then low blues
eyes bubbly mirror somebody monster that
one in large well yeah we're all pipes
are ready to go right now
i'ma go grandma last boots and say
goodbye to this hotel room no seriously
I've just come in to get my phone I
didn't realize how bad we actually left
this like they're gonna hate us here we
see a while YouTuber hard
and here we see a wild youtuber start
doing absolutely nothing joking he's
hard at work - hey y'all so we just sat
down right now just doing you know just
a boring work stuff but you know it's
cool we're not to Selfridges in a few
minutes I've got my eye on something
which realistically I probably should
have my eye on because the price tag is
a probably as big as fat mogs belly it's
pretty freakin big and I'm kind of
having second thoughts but I'm going to
stick to my heart what my heart is
saying basically long story short guys
I'm about to buy a bike for over 1,000
pounds boy yep yep you guys already
talked right I might hate comment I can
see you doing it I can see you're doing
it yet you run that hate comment down
there telling me how much of idiot I am
but yeah guys you know at least hear me
out here right it's my birthday tomorrow
my 16th birthday I feel like I deserve a
gift I feel like you know treating
myself to something because I would say
I don't usually treat myself to things
but you guys have seen the vlog you know
I feel like I deserve a tree I've been
working hard at the moment smashing out
the daily videos but yeah guys let's go
Selfridges Joe so we're in Selfridges
right now I am having serious second
thoughts about this what do I do like I
want to get a good looks like and I want
to cheer myself on even have a realtor
this right here is like the worst bye
guys I've literally ever had in my life
is ginormous but like I just don't know
like is that too much like I guys I'm
kind of freaking out like you know do I
deserve the 16 I just don't know if I
deserve it man but guys I'm going to go
have a look and maybe I'll be tempted by
the looks we're going to have to go see
boys and girls this is the bag right
here Oh bro yo do you like it it's
alright well sure yo that's not the best
response from a deal but for real I'm
looking at this bike and I'm thinking
those eyes one nice ice bags but yo the
price tag is not nice like it's pretty
damn scary so you're going to make the
biggest mistake of your life you're the
biggest whore I spend a lot of money
either way doesn't sound great bro I'm
not gonna lie
no I just accidentally pulled it off
smelly just got super hot
you also tried on that bag over there
and I don't want to know it's gonna
sound weird but it just kind of didn't
fit me right I had this weird thing at
the back you know well I disrupt connect
here it was like oh god it was like
connected to one thing so amend it like
hold off my back and just sin well good
well yeah there's it for the one that I
had my eyes on just in case I didn't
like that one and it's either this one
here or that one there and you know you
know what we think you guys we go the
more basic one you know west old just a
little bit more chilled out oh we get
the gold one with the jewels and all
that body stuff I mean it's an obvious
choice we're going to go with a flame on
guys let's get it good joke good
beginning this one yo yo guys we're
getting that one you guys know it is we
got off gold we got us bling got our
fashion but yeah guys however you know
you may be thinking no saving applies
and that went really saving much we've
dropped it from like 1.2 to like I think
like 900 pound like $1000 like there's
still a lot of money but I think it
looks just as good I'm going to try on
right now yo guys I don't know if you're
going to support my decision but
basically I went back on what all I was
doing I've decided to go for the more
basic worn broad and I don't know and I
still have the more comfortable girl
without word you know I mean like that
you know it's what it's nice to flash
you know it's nice to flash all this
stuff for I don't think I want look for
bit more clean I do like the silver as
well those are on a train right now on
the way to the event either me in greet
with team moves in literally wait I have
one in like an hour I so I have no clue
what's going down all I know is I'm a
little bit sweaty and I don't want to
think in front of team walls so you got
some have to show or something no
so I apparently around this corner is
the me angry I do I go around way let me
peek let me peek
let me see oh no no like is that all for
me Oh joke I was going to say that's
like all the event Jesus oh my god
oh yeah Jackson said we got to run we
got to run okay okay okay oh my god
oh hi
oh good start guys we saw one person
with a marriage I like her though
description okay
we often me ingredient this is pretty
bloody crazy I will go on behind the big
wall okay I went from pretty busy to
there's nothing but yeah here we go guys
hey to prepare myself you know know if
I'm ready for this oh okay guys time
five so guys the meet and greet is ready
right there's a ginormous line of people
I'm behind this thing basically i'ma do
i'ma run out with my camera and get
everyone and let's just hope I don't get
killed I okay there there okay here we
go here we go oh okay this light is
pretty long I'm going back
oh wait whoa whoa whoa drop my phone no
wait so Lisa must wait you found my
phone I dropped it
come back here bro closed air bro come
back here um how would you like have
your own balls Mercer avoid thinking
about chat yes other than theirs Oh bro
they thought you saved my phone man
going to save my phone is it crying it's
not even cracked water buddy was all
okay let's get this thing started right
so Oliver here is the first person has
been timely angry he's going to gamestop
the body art there we go good to me
you're mine so we got a second person
here right basic oh you were right okay
you know it's not going to be that easy
bro
you got a few questions I we're not
going to be that hard but bro first
question why is my dog's name
it's the heart of a bee can anyone help
him out
what's my dog's name he got it
yeah can you get Oh bro eyes doing good
to me too much y'all we start a new cue
the second first person but you know we
still a first person bro
that's awesome watching a vient reduce
yourself ready what a guy y'all of the
name that's a good name bro three two
one two this is going to take a while to
go through what y'all this is crazy
oh my god y'all so this guy right here
he's repping the hood it's built it they
be was in a playoff
it was semi-final but yeah you just ask
always telling my mood and now I'm not
really selling my mood bro I'm giving
them their it's bro there's no ball to
me road to see you rebo's anything you
like to say hi I live here oh damn yo
you guys a legend what there we go
so so we're here there's so much missing
my ears oh god I can't hear anymore okay
are you ready bro time for a pop quiz
guys there's also buy some merch but
I've got answer two questions for a few
questions our number one we sign easy
but the second will be harder bro why is
mumbling I'll give it CLE starts with a
J someone else about what my mom's name
vitals no available today God and was it
started a J screamed a name oh he got it
what he wanted what was it he got it
first time first time your second
question alright I will get it we're
going to learn as I go crazy cuz I'm
feeling quite generous what color is my
hair always something hard question yah
we got it wait it's not blonde it's
strawberry blonde
oh so I run through that window eyebrow
yeah we've got it yeah we got it come on
you got it I can't go into the faggot
wonder well bro it's your lucky day
grab that team logs hey y'all pushbullet
no bro
sweet awesome luck see you later bye
we're about an hour in Silveri loads of
people
we caught you through all these legends
yeah I keep this going
hi orangey I know you're watching us
right now bro you know go recycle I'll
go go we're going to guide we're in the
queue what I fitted them are you
catching up on the videos that did not
we've already watched them knowing again
you watch him again you want you against
if you want you against Georgia give you
you know happens when you fucking watch
it again you know always when you
fucking okay yeah we're gonna freakin
watch it again
go hey yo i-55 thanks spike that's what
happens when you watch against offers
one thing Lalo pretty 21 No yo yo you
guys a legend yo she watches a channel
every day every day that he came every
day well every day every day every day
every day every day - so it's her
birthday
yeah happy birthday to you whoo
so I'm here with all the last people we
finished I can treat I'm 10 - sick after
one hour 50 minutes and here are the
right things
girl in the vlog what's today what did i
do what did I mean what's your day to be
bill today was the day what's your name
there we go all winter legends okay
competition time I'm going to yell out a
question go ahead
okay
no guys the queue is not going there's
two guys here right they're both wanting
to buy a top and you know in my mind
there's only one way to sell this in a
race three two one
oh no joke
yo oh you got it bro he's gonna put it
in half share it two hours for ended
with four minutes left exactly two hours
geez might I tell you my throat feels
like y'all my voice
if in the next video my voice is gone
you're freaking know why because it's
fully killing me well yeah there we go
we got two bits of merch left the bike
is empty yo where would the people got
merged well what can I say but your link
in the description get your emerge if
you don't already oh yeah
that was a lot of fun no so one more
final just came he's got his wrist fun
and unfinished the me in Greece bro
let's go you back
get out of here get out I don't want to
meet you
the bugs are getting bloody search like
why is this all about
they're going to find the merch oh god
it was just a couple Seymour t-shirts
like my bag it's good yeah I swear Drew
has no single thing in it it hasn't got
a single thing in it I promise you that
by doesn't got a single thing in it oh
they're going to have to search me you
can search me if you like
so yeah guys basically right now we're
in these random putting a we in a place
we're going to get some food I won't
break your chicken
I need that protein - yo I'm trying guys
I'm trying to do much wigs into like
branches you know right now the little
twigs or branches that eventually I want
freakin log or log I need to get some
protein
no does I know bungee and in Slug and
Lettuce Morgan let's go probably the
best name for food ever
spawn elective that was lousy into the
jar file is because there's two manuals
personalising Nando's is there anyway so
I think which is move on so basically
we're here right now stolen movies come
and we're getting a brownie Prince
birthday with an exercises and trap get
cake guys but in the habit this a
mistake they make this we got brownie
we got candle but yeah hang that on the
camera and I'm going to scream happy
birthday we got shout but we're going to
shout it I want no more open yeah i'll
pretty good thank you very much bondage
give me energy
we birthday to you happy birthday to you
oh yeah I people to you okay
you got that fucking good life you want
if you want to help yeah I got it was
this exact one might be done if you done
it
make it stop tonight
you suck
