I mean I can hearing what are you doing
out there no young oh my god mom you
haven't just follow me
ah oh my god oh hell if you haven't at
all oh if you hadn't been talking till
you guys know it wouldn't be a mall
video if it didn't start with a prank
your the day I prank mall with one
megaphone today I would be pranking away
too baby
team orcs oh I really think I'm probably
one of the weirdest stars to the vlog
ever
but anyway time team olds and welcome
back to another video mostly how would
you there you go any feelings other you
feeling active and ready and I just woke
up from her to all enough so I'm feeling
active I'm ready boy now one person
who's definitely feeling active and
ready it click bear who is actually
wrapping the red mhm hoodie have you
actually ever seen a more attractive
bear in your life he's actually got the
hood up yo he's chilling on the beam by
you've got the mhm that right there is
the definition of a swaggy bear link in
the description go get your own merch
anyway chill times over go get some work
done
come on work time chill time comes after
work time cheers brother
oh yeah guys if you're new here remember
to go down there and smash that
subscribe button to join team orgs join
the family joined the squadron join the
squad
join the team join the nation join the
league join the and also guys if you're
not already go subscribe to mums Channel
yes hold on a minute hold on a minute
hold on a minute hold on a minute hold
on a minute mom I was just telling them
about your channels trouble finding your
new job Charles Jemaine yes your new
youtube channel which where can they
find the link to it in the description
rise the top guy's more our Channel hi
hi yo Yoshi dangers a middle name gene
you see that my gone what moon I'm
shocked you want 14000 already know by
the time by the time this goes lives you
could be on normal you could be on or
could be this ain't even a joke the most
frequently asked question I got is when
is this woman here getting a youtube
channel things all of them again stop
going in the frigging description
okay so just realize I never actually
told you where we're going right now
basically you're with me male member in
a video a few days ago we went to a
house which we're kind of looking at by
not by exact one but we were just kind
of looking at you know the stuff we can
afford and still today we're going on
which is really really similar however a
little bit different to have a look but
what we're going to do is know oh my god
guys we're playing hide and seek in this
mansion I don't how much is worth it's
worth a lot but yeah this is a huge
house much bigger than us much bigger
than anything we've played in before and
we're going to play a cheeky game of
hide-and-seek I'm um you're going down
okay okay I was expecting a fire but
okay ladies and gentlemen we've arrived
at the house as you can see this it's
freaking massive it's kind of similar to
the one yesterday but it's like a
different color and night mommy you're
excited yeah little bit know what we're
going to have a quick scan round and
then we're going to get a time to seek
stars okay we're in
we're in yo this is just pretty neat
yeah this is pretty many quick scan
round guys this is the first room we got
the window there relaxed room through
here for look up there in a minute
blue mirrors buddy everyone oh jeez this
is huge
y'all we got the kitchen then we got the
table then the lounge and then through
here
please doors everywhere utility toilet
and then it's just the good on money and
then this is the garage
so can you were police we like to hide
in here yo we are we are done here
so that's the girl shut the door wait
are we watching a mars bar vlog video
because it's fricking LED strips under
there
LEDs but the other what wait don't tell
me actually get lot less than Preston I
know what you mean
what by the way mom our size is allowed
you can't hide outside if you want
however you will be getting your feet
wet so I don't know if I'm gonna go out
there
Oh guys change applaud outside is not
allowed because it's all hot mum wait
wait wait so we've got one room here
what a bloody hell is this
okay that's the utility mommy's trying
to push me in bond is that strong so she
couldn't get me through quick scan
upstairs several uses very nice good
okay we got buddy rooms everywhere first
one here that room then we got this room
over here bathroom another room rigidly
rooms everywhere another room where
Jesus Christ another one in here and
another one here I don't know I don't
know the really tall guys that's a quick
tour we're gonna get hide-and-seek sign
now come on would you are the highest
31st height okay I would do some gaudy
Rock Paper Scissors rock paper scissors
rock paper scissors oh my god she beat
me ah
you can hide first okay so where would
you prefer me actually you know what
I'll hide in one of these lots of little
rooms in some Kennish 20 seconds time
starts now
oh god I just feel like no one can see
me go open the door a little bit there
we go yo
well like 15 seconds 14 13 12 11 10 9 8
7 6 5 Aubrey screwed a freak on I'm
coming out right now we're going to scan
upstairs first boys and girls
I'm just come through these rooms real
quick oh oh oh so easy sorry
beginners look I just saw you put yeah
ground and gas or Milton balls month you
can hide in here you can tell in here
and love it yeah sure two three listen I
can't hear him right let's go this is a
shower a wardrobe no I got office the
house is absolutely gorgeous when you've
been lucky to live in a house like this
don't know where I've been
God might be I'm so confused so coach
James well have been looking all over
for being in here oh my god this door
was closed I want this house for one tab
don't think you can bounce - she has to
jump there oh it's even got a dress for
Mary fella from her the one I shouldn't
got covered self-penned I can't even see
him anywhere there is go on unless me oh
my god let's go oh god I actually saw
you about five times I knew is it our
that's always to be a good spot bigger
than a fish
I know no Han only an adidas Lucas
pounds the only chance of mental guys
but I'm even still it's one one now you
hiding by 29 28 27 26 25 24 23 15 14 1-0
yo guys leave a like if you see what I
did there but mom didn't okay she
definitely went this way Allison open
random oh wait wait wait wait wait wait
wait no don't
next place I'm going is definitely there
is a good nothing Goods picking spot
wait I think I forgot something this
room is very very inviting
wait is she behind that oh no she's not
it's what Martin that's not like darling
well boy I hold up quick hair fix in the
mirror there we go
looking Felicia looking Felicia looking
slightly more you may want to give up I
know you're up there come out mom and
dad we're gonna find you I think she'll
have tried to like be sneaking on in
here you know no you're not maybe this
one is that many we know young she's
doing all right
oh I know is receiver on she's our being
here surely no I don't even know all
these wardrobes are sewing buying Jesus
Yelp you could fit like four people in
there any look thoughts go on down there
everything oh no way she's done
eventually ok maybe not if she has a nun
just squished up are you really there
already
yeah I know you are but I'm really not
sure this was last time you know um
we're gonna have to switch the game
round a bit first one to actually give
all losers you're gonna have to come
first
you're hiding this closets alright
Sabina oh really
19 18 17 16 come in Wickle you lose we
did it'll kill me at the door so I feel
like this is like there's my name is
upstairs I heard him where are you we
kinda but I'd notice if I just going to
bed not being looked in here already I'm
going all the same places little
wardrobe Oh black I've got little shoes
in it no dresses no there's no place
like home course some holidays not in
there quick look at this one
no you go through I clean and is top
that wardrobe so now I'm happy here the
weakness I'm hearing I can hear him what
you doing out there
mono young oh my god ma you haven't
respond me ah oh my dog I hope he'll if
you haven't at all on if your aunt's
been talking oh my god Morgan Wow only
beyond where we are in over Tibet take
your socks off older good boy more than
you know there and the only reason I
found you because I was you at all Kim
that's like a rooftop hi I'm um I'm
counting 19 I know I rescued 27 26 25 24
23 22 21 20 19
buddy I'm sweating I'm not gonna lie
guys I'm very sweaty monster you know oh
nine a76 screw the
rest of that freakin camper screw the
rest of the count
whereas we go into changing their Shana
she ain't in there
cheering in there I'm so confident I
don't need to double check I'm going
downstairs
she's obviously danced there this year
Leah she ain't in here is she threw her
in the fucking ginormous room of course
she isn't I'm running out of rooms why
she actually could be storage Oh sugar
Oh sugar Oh sugar Oh sugar
oh no I miss gone every inch of this
downstairs she's not outside guys I'm
gonna have to scan every inch a where I
was Shane Shane in that definitely she
definitely isn't under the under and
around here
she definitely isn't she up there though
y'all for real I genuinely think I'm
about to give up can't find anyone she
ain't even in that's what I was going to
go in scan upstairs again I guess if I
can't find your fears I'm gonna have to
give up because genuinely I just
searched the entire downstairs but God's
sake mom Oh God changing the wardrobes
you even in here is she
I forgot it goes this is over isn't it
Oh
final got West customs hope also got say
your mom I give up I give up mom I give
all I give up what that no no no no how
many times did I look in here you didn't
be on the doggone encourage soap inside
hey guys stain I'll come back I'll come
back to you I'll come back to you in the
car I'm not happy about this one but yo
guys so I'm still feeling pretty unhappy
a little bit angry but we have just
stopped at McDonald's I've got myself a
nice cheeky coke yes we went to
McDonald's and just not drinks who does
that
I tell you who more and more but yes my
name is a diet coke strawberry lemonade
so you're a guard aren't here we're on
the way home right now let's get it okay
guys it's that time again I've just
plant a new video ten minutes ago
I'm going to go down to mum with the
megaphone if she's watching it I won't
use it if she isn't watching it then she
is going to get a frickin megaphone to
the face so the big moment goes well is
my video I just test it wrong what the
boy what more the helm will help me how
you looking you like videos
oh right guys dad has just arrived
basically I'm going out for food right
now I don't know where we're going but
he's just arrived he's downstairs so how
about we go say hi to him in typical to
more expression hi dog where we going
out one more thing before we go
rather than seeing mom see a little
Bruno's looking very cute today
oh these two roles got almost as much as
more role no always thinking more in the
camera leave them on my lap oh boy if
you don't seem very interested they do a
lot of confidence I screwed and I'm off
good bye bye mum that also that one we
where I'm a bigger than German few the
others shall we nicholae them in
Sheffield city centre tangle a nerd and
sherry OJ's yeah now just our garlic
bread how nice is that look always
cooking or heading here right now
seven-hour sudden yeah oh there you go
god what a bully I was like you to do it
on that who easy what's his name right
right Ian Ian we've got volley is one in
a department if they killed him just to
put him on there they killed him for you
- you got away and they killed him for
you hey the fisherman
yeah fisherman yeah hear what you think
sadly to respond the show wouldn't be
summer you just surrender yeah and so
the Builder dad the question is do you
want to play Cod ruler yeah shame I
forgot my card that isn't it what major
supply oh maybe because you should have
a plate for the last one and you know I
did after I think you were a virgin
because you're not in our deal what you
got man shut up it were Miller it was
like he's 90 quid that was I usually go
that was for Father's Day
sure Marvin right guys I'm back home
right now y'all ain't even joking that
meal was pretty good but I'm actually
quite tired right now we still really
like our side which is cool but yes guys
I really hope you've enjoyed this video
if you knew remember to go down there
and smash that subscribe button and also
subscribe to mum her link will be in the
description below so some mash that
subscribe on on her video to knowing on
her video
channel because she's posting a first
video at 100k subs so spread a channel
around get a 200k guys yeah what orange
added thank you for watching the video
leave a like subscribe to and subscribe
to me love you guys you've been awesome
peace out if you enjoyed the video
remember to subscribe emojis stellar I
don't forget to leave a like if you have
a bikini haha thanks a word since I
happen
