your button literally that probably
front of them felt really cruel action I
feel like I really must be cursed I
don't know how you're told but you've
got talent not me guys before we start I
thought to say I never meant for it to
go on this long we'll never met really
look we just we've just been keeping it
from you and you guys just keep asking
us and we just grab it told you and it's
just not right on our tithes in them
it's not good I don't feel very lucky
should be Monica because of the
machinery we need machines Hold'em gonna
protect it go to London so Morgan to be
just an accounting guys I think it's
finally time we reveal the secret of the
announcement that we've been keeping
from you even Lord Jesus knew that you
want to choke in you the professor
where's Abel come from guys ha ha ha ha
we didn't know Aaron guys Oh
Oh top now hold on little bit just take
a chill pill okay
I'm chill wait mom wha
well someone we definitely haven't told
the neighbors yeah no no not yet now you
don't call them bozo no no no no no tell
nobody I think you know what this calls
for
I do Jesus mom Jesus no call me down
he's playing nice we were just going to
condos yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
no I don't think that's English sorry
first month malls mom here no you've got
your so Taylor you're under made a video
yet other side should we hide no in the
study no no I don't think he does
hey buddy how's it out there sorry we're
going to Charlotte know that Mars mom is
actually our channel right now and
there's a link in the description and
yeah you should definitely go subscriber
says for I vomiting okay I okay if there
is what you guys know about the first
announcement mom actually had channel
she's got her own channel right now but
we aren't actually at all about that
you know the second announcer the more
important one I hold with the job do you
think we should tell them yeah okay
oh god yeah second announcement in three
two
our actions in this video to Morgan that
was exhaust ages ok runs along yeah ok
you come it's got me excited pan nobody
was really good reason
yeah hella for a good man but one
company there is still more than you to
know there's still lots more than need
to know you know this important
announcement you ever got a lot more to
tell you guys to just keep watching
there's a lot more coming up there ok
guys so as you know mum I've now got her
own channel to basically guys didn't
number one things I guess die gas but
I've always been asked is mulling so
many videos when the hell is she get her
own channel but as you know there's a
twist everything good comes with a
little well twist in it she's only toast
in her first video when I get 200,000
thrilled she was hundred thousand sold
for fall to toast the first video guys
currently right now at this moment she's
on about 25,000 and that's just from the
real loyalty most members are saw on
snapchat Twitter there's loads more to
hear so basically guys however still
100,000 it's gonna be wet ID Queen it'll
be very very tired
so I need you guys to do what she needs
you guys to do she's used to tell your
friends your family your dog and your
car your house sir yes
neighbors your school your courses you
become fellow Jew organ-y actually take
you in some flood a peaceful night
what well I forgot more than you in more
children oh yeah would you be jealous
and then I definitely would be what team
mold is still stronger than team mom
however see us right now you never know
at some point key moment grow so much
and it just destroy team more however
yeah at the moment no no one being team
logs what you never know if team month
and even team mods as well tell
everybody they know maybe mom will one
day I would take the team logs so guys
the channel name is just called molds
mum
yes very creative but there's a little
thing that you should definitely know
but the moment if you actually put
Moore's mom into the search bar because
the channel is so fresh and so new it
doesn't actually appear so what you have
to do is click the link the guys down
there in the description click that link
boy go subscribe to mom tell all your
friends tell upon because the video is
coming when she is 100k subs for month
what video should we expect on this
brand new channel pass me my brand new
iPhone Morgan and I'll just have a quick
check iron so one you got your phone
water we expect on the channel we can
expect la la all good we make certain
that one more idea
oh no we're doing ricotta ruler okay
Jenn brown silicon to the right here
assignments of it March
what does room sorry
so Morgan you think you're really clever
because you've been pranking me all the
time
and you've been taking advantage having
working full time but now I'm not
anymore and I've got lots of ideas and
I've got what
whole it's a fresh start on my channel
Morgan I've got lots of new pranks
coming starting from when I get 100,000
subs if you want to see Morgan suffer
squirm look very very scared click the
link in the description below guys
forget what I said
mom's challenging coming that's a large
Curatola if you need to atone a girl
just change Musto keep them entertained
ah
it left them all clap what about let's
have a merge girl this is for the girls
all the boys if they want it a nice
cross through it
Morgan's going to absolutely love it so
all you need to do if you want from the
moms merch just buy one of Morgan's gab
like head
well cross through it and then just put
J H on it oh I love you're gonna love
this it's been you merge more trains I'm
just explaining all you need to do is
buy your merch and then just write the
JH on it yourself okay wonderful
it's not much more this when you merge
more than every fresh channel needs
merch general you don't know cut through
my Mary have you shown on what you're
drawing
yes my manage the Morgan I'm just don't
get my money get to introduce you would
mean your manager I'm not anymore video
yet how do you have a manager no no come
on I'm your manager
no more your manager some kind money
yeah that's the morgue travel muscle no
it's my new manager moment quick bear
isn't your manager for god sakes is my
best friend
oh you've got more virtual for God see
how is it your madness no no no what
more if you're elaborate in jail so
moister
if you love your J's merge so much have
you on your freaking face now give me
that pen and you can't find not on the
little Georgia
come on why'd you do this man if you
merge I gave you everything I gave you a
space in the room I gave you the mascot
role I showed that all in one whole bar
you made you famous pearl it is even
Twitter accounts another clicker and
then you gonna train me you go inside of
the anime quick learners now don't push
my manager so yeah guys the games change
now this is no longer just kind of like
it like if you noticed a fun prank war
just stole on my manager
she stole my merch she even stole my
subscribers but that's fine you know you
can all go some to her there's a link in
description do it I don't mean go on up
there do you know why do you know why
wouldn't you go some turn so you can
witness how bad her friends are and you
can witness me reflecting off every
single one of her attempts to prank me I
am the king of pranks and the pricing
she's never pranked me I don't care
she's in flames right we also want on a
channel on my channel on someone else's
channel she can take my click man you
can take my merch you can take
everything will never take two more
subscribe to me I so within our swish
spawn we're gonna get involved with Ana
prank Kim and when I said I'm in
pranking I went in the pool on a holiday
oh you're welcome three hours and
Sheridan I'm sure there's loads of
things I've done every Frankie's gun on
me yes I'm going to say was sushi and it
is the same price back on it I'm going
to do more and seriously guys I have got
some really good ideas and I like to win
very competitive with very complex to
mere my manager Moses going down you're
going to love it you're going to see a
different side to more the more the more
being controlled mother likes being
controlled we're going to be in control
min my new manager click there go down
click the link in the description
subscribe to my new channel soon as we
get to 100,000 subs it's gonna be prank
war heaven or in Morgan's cave house
guys
down very soon I'm going away I want you
to click that link in description
subscribe to an internal notifications
they do miss the first video but guys I
think we're done here
you can all see bow guys eyes the end of
this announcement yes I can't believe
this day's final here but it is and you
need to go down to description and click
are boring a stop because guy Skelly
down thank you so much for watching tell
all your friends tell your family share
this video around because if you don't
share this video around no one will know
about mobile guys thank you so much for
watching
I've involved happy mom you guys been
awesome I repeat my manager click Save I
will see you in my or maybe her next
video peace
Wow if your strength this is every
member to subscribe what we gonna have
been forget to be the knife you have a
15 pack thanks for watching peace a
person
