okay guys to outside the house right now
isolated that it's like one of the first
times I've seen in person and this house
is mental guys here in the UK not very
warm which may be an issue but guys
three two one
let's go forward and give you guys a
tour of the new mansion parenting molds
and welcome back to another video
firstly how are you guys doing you
feeling good you know what tell me how
you feeling in the conversation if
you're not feeling too good I hope this
video shows you all one of the things I
haven't told you is that I actually
bought myself a house yep
and what we're going to be doing today
is taking the final look at it before we
move in guys I cannot wait to show you
so suddenly 1 p.m. right now I won't got
pretty damn early and you're probably
thinking Morgan that is not really what
it is for me ok it is for me and yeah
we're taking this one off with a bang
because the first thing we're doing is
going and checking out this house
hold on a second are you you
eager-beaver if this is the first time
you see me on your screen then I would
really really appreciate if you could
some cash that subscribe button to join
team mugs because I'm trying to have 3
million subscribers by Christmas this
year
and we're about 600,000 off so if you
could subscribe to the channel right now
that'll be very very much appreciated
but I don't think I'm really you know
dressed to go and look at my house so
I'm gonna go get dressed right now but
whoa yo I'll give you guys three seconds
to guess what and where right now 3 2 1
ok if you guessed mortgage then you are
correct and you get a free prize of
absolutely nothing by as you know guys
always reppin up moles most today we
went with just a standard embroided em
page logo t-shirt you know just clean
just hiding so you have like joggers
black t-shirt I'm lookin fresh guys but
we're heading out right now let's go
bow before that you guys actually
thought we were starting this video off
without a prank clearly you don't know
how we do things on this channel
guys initiate the megaphone prank guys
let's go on the phone with the squad is
it there I'm sorry
I swear to you she wasn't alone - a
friend she's on the phone - it was an
actual business call him oh damn it has
this guy born because I there have been
worth it okay guys - outside the house
right now I swear is that it's like one
of the first times I've seen in person
and this house is mental guys here in
the UK not very warm which may be an
issue but guys three two one
let's go forward and give you guys a
tour of the new mansion this is the mmm
house mom I mean mugs mum a mine hi guys
oh yeah
I got who stole the first room this
right is the kitchen and you can tell
kitchen what we add a whole small
kitchenette oh my bad my eyes are but
funny today work more what the pudding
Elsa and only men what is it budget-wise
an african ornament it's an african look
you sure about that yeah okay okay now
we're going to you know the actual
kitchen okay all right all the way wait
if this is the lounge and what was that
okay okay I'm sorry my young Milan thigh
over shake on it
thank you Miss Kenton ten ball we've got
Toby see you eating is available now all
the way break through okay say crew
thank you what the hell this is all fake
it's a fake
orange fake its fake it's all fake fake
fake it all in all things
it's all a fake they don't fake oranges
real - no is real put it back it's real
Oh Willie don't is real cause America
and say she's anymore face business in
here
oh wait wait
oh oh would you be a good boy I'll let
you out
sir this is a naughty boy cupboard under
the stairs
don't know if you somehow sorrows come
on don't go quick quick quick quick
quick quick quick
wait wait wait wait wait wait
it's a fake laptop BAE BAE why is
everything
hey babe let's go hey oh my god no
speech this house top page is just all
faint working here the door faced up
we're going in cherlene our fake candle
know that that's real birth a drill oh
god no more hotels knows our house
remember that's lunch
I'm taking yeah
no more Chloe got me the most bit well
again well if you find like is bismuth
yo can malls pursue that's the real
question
leave in the comment section below watch
can warp off address let's find out
this meal Oh buddy how these girls won't
I'd ever come on let's go let's go let's
go let's go let's go
okay come on we gotta make a lot of them
over time oh now the paper up job do
leave the faint light from penny will
ruin before I this one oh gosh let's go
make me run it we gotta get off which
are the girls we go again Oh
oh okay maybe we should just put the
stuff back just calm down a little bit
but I'm keeping the dress I'm kicking
you dress how many times I can tell you
can take the dress off for me
you can take the suit you can take
everything you ain't taking my dress
pearl right guys so we where's the house
right now as you can tell we're just in
the car but let me kind of explain to
you the situation and a little bit more
detail so basically we were just
visiting that just for the final time
before we move in because obviously as
you know we have bought the house I know
what you mean all good need to show how
you just go around it
mom show us come on this week's are
stopping
we're just looking around it for
something to do because we're moving
into it we're not moving into it that's
show how noble but we want to want it
base like we were just having look at
the mold and you have a board said yes
the other thing where you just get in
Mom's you kind of exposed me right now
however mum wait there's a few things
I've got two shows I did kind of take
from the house you'll they're not taking
any roses are sick orange Oh Martin
we're going to go back it took a bucket
or arrangement oh man mom no I got some
line dressing rights law in question I
bought for you more avoid some ranch
dressing the police are going to come
for you for that present for you you
can't take me moment Morgan yeah where's
the nice bowl of runs driving anything
out you got my drive I did take the
dress yes is anything this stuff Dahmer
plants
the right Tracy muy elegante
it's all God I forgot I don't while I'm
dressing yeah
look say mom you said keep smashing
everything our model can go in not if I
kill a third keep smashing everything in
the house secure if I misunderstood or
some threw a virus on Castle now I think
I'm I've misunderstood mom because I was
over the way that you said keeps motion
everything only free pause except here
well you might as well just smush
everything as a joke people don't
actually conduit I'm not like your the
people no you're not you're not lack of
the people Morgan you're absolutely not
light of the people there's nobody else
like you so ten minutes ago on put live
today's video because as you know is 6
p.m. every day Bowie and one gonna do
right now is go downstairs and see if
one was watching it if she is watching
it they're not cool but if she's not
watching it she's gonna be getting a bit
of a nasty shock oh hey she's watching
it I'm not gonna let her off though
Oh quick late now it's going to be it's
gonna be yeah yeah you're late mouth my
water and you are are you're on your
brother is Altima come on brother is Oh
cruel we window one where William are in
the built upper car oh gosh Martin the
neighbors are looking over hey don't
mind us we're just chillin over here
okay so since we drop Martin off to go
get the Starbucks mum's not a genius
idea what is it more the idea is that
we're going to do a little prank on
Martin so it's God's get up for work
early in the morning so it's probably
like getting ready for bed now there was
going to ring him up and we're going to
ask his assistants because the cars
broken down again guys if you haven't
seen it already
me and mum Frank dad and here's the
cause of that well we'll just leave you
Miller and Carter and my car's got that
problem again and it's broken down I
know and I can't I've got the breakdown
can't get so this at about three hours
and moldering college yeah Morgan's gone
absolutely mad it needs to poo and he
needs to get the toilet so yeah me and
mum find out and we're going to try and
do the exact same one a mile and see if
he falls for it mom whenever you're
ready
make the call I think this is going to
be quite hard because it's going to just
think with Frank Kinning maybe not you
never know you never know
oh yeah hi Martin it's me I'm afraid
we're RI we've got the drinks and we're
on our way back and I'm afraid I've got
that problem with the car again yeah
honestly it just like just stopped I
don't know what's wrong with it and we
just fell our shoulder I know I know
it's been fine I just don't know what's
wrong with it so I'm just no you know
you're up early in the morning but I
just wonder if you can come and pick
Morgan up because they really need
- we useful it all more illegal at all
and we're near my Donald's just a few
Leafs entertainment on the main road
yeah yeah I've already made a little
work patch mood come on just tell me are
ya sure so Bouldin Jeremy guys can we
start I'm stuck in the middle M on the
main road and it's really dangerous
I'm just wondering if you can come and
get Morgan and I'm just going to kind of
wait for the breakdown and they're going
to be about an hour and bring the toe
and bring Mirko as well can you bring me
a clothes I think oh yeah I believe this
I mean about 20 minutes all right just
hurry up hurry up okay thank you bye so
guys what I'm going to do is we're going
to drive home right now and then one to
home we're going to see if it's there or
not because we're thinking obviously
we're going to like pass him so it's
gonna be really funny but guys all day
you over home okay guys we just pull it
onto our road right now basically we
think we pass Martin like 10 minutes ago
I think we saw his car I think we just
get in the house get into bed or
something and like just kind of say you
go in your room and I just hide and just
say I concur we've tried to ring him we
just cool gold of your mouth there we go
but guys were pulling around to the
house right now let's do it wait whoa
whoa whoa
what houses cover it's not so different
than a thing did you know cool nor do
definitely calm well I thought we saw it
go through what the hell but you think
it's just not bothered coming
no I general no clue actually can you
that little kid in general never blue
I'm really annoyed with him now house
cannot comment trigger sir maybe he did
maybe they maybe got by quicker than
what he got by you be fast Akane you
never know besides no letters he left
shows help your left them how could you
do that she was she what a funny how
could you do like to his mind okay so
ladies and gentlemen right now I'm going
to go downstairs and have a run and if
you don't know I actually have a
treadmill in my house which is pretty
weird
well yeah I didn't actually tell you
this I'm going back on holiday in like
two weeks so you know your boy needs to
gain shape he's been point on a little
bit way you know what I'm saying
yo I've got my funds over there I've got
another side over there yo I'm just I'm
just showing off to the fans right here
thank you buddy
yo hey nothin over you to stop whatever
you're doing right now and basically I
want you to run with me yo I don't care
if you in food chop the food away
ghetto and freakin run I don't care if
you sat down freakin smash the chair get
all abroad I don't care if you're in bed
just keep going on your back for all I
care I want to see you guys running okay
guys I'm joking you don't have to run
but I don't know one anyway because I
need to get in shape well two guys cue
the dramatic montage in three two one
please
yo ladies and gents I know life I looky
freakin kill there I was planning on
doing a 15 minute ruined who's nice 23
minute run out the bag for 60 calories
you're the six pack he's coming back I
am good enough kid
oh Jesus by the way if anyone actually
did jump Bobby stop with you bullying on
the spot when I said so you're a
freaking G now let me clean myself up
because I know as I said my most
attractive form right now yo yo yo yo yo
yo yo yo yo yo it's freaking way right
now well I mean late for like a normal
person because I'm a youtuber and 2:47
a.m. ain't late for me bro
some reason I sounded really cocky like
when I was saying they're like oh I say
up til - boy 7:00 a.m. but like yo that
ain't a good thing like I'd much rather
be asleep right now but guys you may be
thinking you know this is where mold is
going to sign off however there's one
more thing I need to show you and this
is for the X glue this is this is like a
secret so don't tell anyone about this
okay guys I'm trusting you the ones are
still watching right now the og gang who
watch the full videos all the way to the
end basically right you guys know I've
been hyping up mom's channel how she's
thinking of making a channel on that she
may have the channel and I may be
announcing it in a video coming very
soon but maybe I'll let you guys go have
a look at it now should I do that
yo I know gay guy guys check this out so
as you know here on the big screen
you've got my channel you know
sundered still haven't seen that with a
planner - logo you know all that stuff
and even that nice little channel right
there but wait but we what on earth is
that oh oh oh oh yo me and mum have
matching banners if that isn't goals
then I don't know what is lookit Bob so
she caught those start saying
posting my first video 100k subscribers
I am going to do a full announcement
about this by thought did you got it
watch till the end I might give you a
little secret so go subscribe to the
channel right now I mean your what's
there and be like just waiting need to
subscribe but it's morgs mom my mom
actually has a channel like I don't
think I even need to persuade you
because this is all you ever ask me for
however if you search for this channel
because it's so new you probably won't
be able to find it so I'll leave a link
in the description right at the top
where you can click and go sub to us as
you know she's posting a first video
what Hajduk a subs so tell all your
friends we had you know else is even
crazier than this entire thing I bought
like one snap earlier like a few tune
ups tell nap chat because obviously oh
they're like the real Jillette the
snapchat gang you're like yah have you
got enough snapchat Yoji but yeah I told
them as if she had a channel and check
this out ignore the weird text thingie
but yo mom's already on 5.7 K ah there
ya guys go sup to a link in the
description and you know what comment in
the comment section of this video
say moles mom is on however my
subscriber she's on at the moment way
you subscribe to her because we need
together 200k squad where yeah guys I
just had to tell you about this because
that is crazy guys moles more I'm saying
like third person but my mom has a
freaking YouTube channel well guys this
is why I'm going to end the video if you
new to the channel and you haven't
already subscribed what the flip are you
doing and if you want to be a true team
old member then you know what to do go
down there to the link in the
description and buy yourself some mugs
merge the freshest merch going and
whatever on right now but you know I'm
in my dressing gown and I'm not gonna
lie guys I'm a little bit sweaty so I
don't want to get you know sweat all
over the crown jewel the minute oh yeah
he'll my other social media subscribe to
mom copy emerge come back tomorrow at 6
p.m. for another video and guys I'll see
you then because it's 6 p.m. every day
let's do this guy's thanks don't
watching otherwise I've been bald you've
been awesome and I'll see you in
like video boost how come you can't drag
a video they'll remember to subscribe in
my channel and don't forget to be the
life if you have a big penis thanks for
watching peace out
