oh yeah my oh my god oh my god oh my
gosh guys we put two packets this is
going to be the most green hot tub
you've ever seen in your entire life oh
this is like the most fun I've ever had
in my entire life where like my entire
life this is the face of someone who's
been up all night working well is mom's
been upstairs sleeping and you know just
having a good time and this is also
someone that just so happens to have a
megaphone in his hand right now do you
see where this is going it's currently
7:14 a.m. right now and it's time we go
wake model InStyle wing I call this one
operation megaphone good like what good
good good go help it oh the volume
wasn't feeling very very feeling very
very bad she probably hates me right now
but I don't care are the younger ones
living life and on a good time I did all
that working for Senator Mike sleep
mommy she wasn't alone I am alone ready
for the day I'm afraid I can't do that
oh one more thing just before we go
merchandise we share the description
older I get the more merchandise it's a
little bit
good oh sorry I've got my talk about all
right I've been up all night so it's bad
mom you go five seconds or the siren
comes on five four three two um you
didn't make it out of bed in time
ah okay I think I've kind of I've stayed
my welcome here you would ever welcome
go away okay oh it's only a matter of
time before I am kicked out of this
house and forced to go live on the
streets because my mum must absolutely
despise me by now
like not even hate me I'm talking
despise me like I am surprised I'm still
here in this house with a room how do I
still live here yo so guys another day
as you can tell and those have been
emerge today I'm repping the signature
Moors logo and yes this is actually most
signature so if you see me in public and
want an autograph if it doesn't look
like this they get me and frickin just
punch me because this is what it is we
are guys today's little project is we're
gonna fill the hot tub outside with
slime now I'd loads of you guys telling
me mobs fill it with this fill it with
that and a while back as you may know I
filled my bath with slime and it was
really really fun so today as you can
tell I have a box full of slime I think
there's like 20 pets in here I'm hoping
it's going to be enough poor guy
bull guys if you're new to the channel
and you haven't seen my face on your
screen before you already know what did
you go down there and - does subscribe
button join team or join the family
where we go is also join the movement
right now a while you down there if you
want to be you know a true team or
member go and get yourself some merch
it's hot it's new it's selling fast and
there's totally a sale for the house
which I haven't got right now but I
should definitely use because my hair
it's popping all over the place putting
that let's go upstairs and see how the
hot tubs going to start as you know a
little bit ago hey that's better
if you ever know is this hot actually
kind of matches the color of my hair I
don't
how though because beige isn't that
similar to the cheese string color but
yeah as you can tell I'm upstairs now
we're not really upstairs we've got the
boxer's line there and funny so you can
probably count how it looks really
really nice out today basically I went
up to you the hot tub this morning and
it was absolutely talking it down and I
was just laying everywhere and now the
sun's come out and it's all going I'm
moving this well yeah guys I ain't even
gonna lie this is the first time I've
seen mom since I pranked her this
morning
I think yeah there she is hey mom how
are you go junga sleep yeah it was great
Veronica did you have a good sleep
yeah I haven't cooked this little bit
early because when you can sleep in the
day is in there yeah I mean that's why I
always do what something that you bought
that came yesterday in the bin or
something old
Rob makes you loud what you already are
no you haven't been my microphone know
me now oh yeah well you know I'm in debt
no you joking tell me okay no I'm not
joking Molly it was it was it was broken
are you taking a look yeah why would I
want my your broken it well it was not
in the house Joe so guys I'm just in the
studio right take a look at what I just
sell how freaking cool does that alone
Oh hold on I made a mistake
there we go oh so third you oh hey mum
check this out check this out real wide
reaction come up oh what's that oh that
not no strip but it's like a joke just
we're just oh good because I and O are
Jesus you can actually smell if you look
at the lies you can actually smell mum
is not very good looking
okay yeah yeah okay so guys basically a
little bit ago I ordered a like a a bee
bug and I'm talking like a huge being
bike right and then a few days ago in
the post we got these huge bags of stuff
now I was initially sold on these words
which I thought and we ordered these
bikes in for like a challenge or
something turns out you actually have to
make the bean bag yourself
instructions are in here yeah okay we
got a most of them on there this pretty
box that one yeah all that feels good
does it guys we need to find it as it
taught me to help you there you go mom
what the hell was that you guys I'm
going to teach you a valuable life
lesson right now number one is that you
know if you buy molds merged
it'll make you like 25 times more
attractive we should probably clean up
yeah okay we're good number two if
you've got people in the house who can
do jobs for ya make them do it and then
just make an excuse why I'm a cameraman
can't help ya because I'm a cameraman no
I think I can take this among the
special unique skills that you don't
know how been alive for a while just
apart get out all right not all of it
the company always when you make a split
John scissor versus a zone they sent me
you're doing it okay alright guys this
is it yeah what your net weight because
what are you doing you know let's go
inside oh my god oh oh my god must be on
game zipped Oh what the hell Oh God ah
you want to come out yes peace mommy
come on okay I'm getting it out there so
guys there's a lot of mess on the floor
but we have just finished with a bean
bag and seriously this is mines head and
then that's the bean bag it's absolutely
gianormous but now what would be
thanks mom okay okay this is going to be
a lot harder than we thought
Wow mom I'm sure you know by now I am
anything but normal
Martin doing it yeah well I mean I
really appreciate it thanks bro
by the way guys while we take this
upstairs the hot talk is almost done
with your exercise but I go down and
smash eight balls up on the video let's
try and smash 20,000 likes because that
would be amazing
oh my gosh you know I'm stuck in the
bean bag more you all the c'mon Oh cut
that
don't got that come on any day now guys
any day now you do dishes breaking the
frickin pictures you pulled ours apart
oh hey click back where we clickbait the
bear or click there how's it going broke
guys have you actually been introduced
to click better click back isn't it yeas
a new channel must always like you what
might more improve to build all the work
behind the scenes impression of me yeah
he's your replacement basically oh by
the way mom you didn't get rid of my
megaphone I attended in a little while
so frankerz little skirt
why them well I think it's time we do
the first test on the bean bags use
click bears can't avoid a gone to it you
know what quicker starts to do some work
but it click bad and wishes appear no no
no no he's on he's on minimum wage don't
tell him though I told him that it's
like a really good paint job but I'm
actually getting mauled me then Morgan
some even on that yeah I don't know I'm
gonna go for a jump obviously off of the
bad brilliant
oh the old eyes rock solid world went to
air Hogan oh oh
and
oh my god Oh on the prod mm-hmm why'd
you do that would you like a mescaline
I'm gonna find only so much noise okay
guys I did you can tell outside right
now I've got a quick change of clothes I
am in my swimming trunks
but obviously still repping the merge
link it's down there in the description
as you can see over here we are the
absolute sort of slime bath and over
here quick dentally well a big fat hot
sauce and down there will be hot dogs
named Bruno yeah so guys basically what
we're going to be doing I think you
probably know where this is going but
yeah we're going to be taking all this
flying bus put it in the hot tub and
trying to make our very own slime pool
so you get two plaques in these I
believe and one of them is supposed to
do a bar we're going to be point all of
them in this so I really didn't know how
much to buy I bought quite as you can
see cost me like 50-pound or something
and yeah we're going to take it by one
by one fill in this hot tub and we're
going to make a frickin Shrek swamp now
guys if you're excited you already know
what to do go down there and smash that
like button and comment down below what
you want me to fill this hot tub with
next and if you're not ready then you
know you could always just go down there
and subscribe
you know I'd be pretty cool okay here we
go first on jonad oh my god oh my oh my
god oh my god oh my god
guys we put in two packets this is going
to be the most green hot tub you've ever
seen in your entire life
oh there we go look expendable oh my god
away the bubbles go it's sort of the
amazing guys oh my god no this is so
cool it already looks like that would
probably be another Widow just do the
minimum we make it crazier we make it
more extreme here on the mall Channel
guys let's keep going oh my god mom we
could literally just stop now couldn't
we but the curse oh no mom how could you
do that mind showing our green this is
literally this is ridiculous okay guys
we're down to the final pack and you
guys already know what it's going to be
it's going to be in slow motion
you
okay mom now comes the Messier part roll
them sleeves or because we got to mix it
all together
oh wait mom they all come to the ball
mom I get hundred we gotta get it all
from the bottom are ready already
oh my god you actually see that yeah oh
you have to get in it Morgan I think the
only way you're going to do that Morgan
is in it Ursula's all going I think
you've definitely yeah to ask what's up
with the old toy rocking it
okay guys mom got home right now I'm
just gonna steal it away you know don't
judge me this is like the most fun I've
ever had in my entire life well my
entire life I'm just by retraining my
childhood dreams and under loving
through words blood well admittedly I'm
still kind of a child but don't judge me
bro I'm the signing bonus I'm raising
right I'm recording they're like check
this out James Donald is so big yeah
actually like car to pick option is that
fit guys this is in go forward like
ain't even joking guys if you haven't
already go down there and slap a
subscribe or you can I do crazy stuff
like this all the time every day at 6
p.m. on the channel you can come by
every day 6 p.m. damn your video also
lies down there feel free to turn on
post notifications by clicking the
little Bell so you can be early to my
next video
and if you do both of those things I
just said you can go shout out in my
next video and the shoutout for this
video goes to Adam you're a legend bro
yo so guys one day later and I realized
I never actually out showed this video
this is becoming a lob ever regular
occurance isn't it hey guys I just want
to say again remember to tell me in the
conversation what you want me to fill my
heart up with next could be a food a
drink it could be a lick I don't I don't
know just down down this is live I don't
know
well guys thank you so much for watching
and I'll see you tomorrow at 6 p.m.
because it's 6 p.m. every
day let's do this hi cycle so it's
watching as always I've been mauled
you've been awesome and I'll see you
tomorrow in tomorrow's video proof out
if you enjoyed the video remember to
subscribe and love this channel i don't
forget to me the knife have a big penis
I thank the working classes
