oh my god oh my god oh my god it's
horrible oh my god oh my oh my god oh
hello guys and welcome back to another
what's in the box challenge
mom always in the box yeah yeah so guys
today as you can tell we're taking the
what's in the box challenge to a whole
new level because as you can tell we
have a ginormous box seriously take a
look at the size of this box it's like
one box they're too much there and
another one down there this is gonna be
really good really good really good but
guys if this is the first time you see
me and her on your screen what should
they do mom smash Ally well I mean I was
gonna say subscribe but you know you got
my scribe okay there we go okay well
what else should they do more people
like subscribe follow us on Twitter it
kind of you begin something bro look at
the match I mean you should definitely
look at the merge but it wasn't what I
was thinking
didn't hint don't ring the bell ring the
doorbell the notification hey I'm sure
you guys know I'm currently giving away
an iPhone 7 however we've just added
loads of new ways you can get points to
give yourself a bad chance to win the
iPhone noisy no the link will be down
there in the description some of the
ways you get points is by subscribing
leave a like on the video following us
on Twitter so go and do all them right
now
bum Bob are you excited for this what's
in the Box challenge very guys it's
gonna be crazy so basically guys the way
we're gonna be doing this as you can see
we've got this bald guy behind the
camera we've picked him up from off the
streets anyway this guy is gonna be
behind the camera filming on a mere
moment gotta go head-to-head in this
challenge
however the twist is the instead of
taking these tones to put something in
the box for the other person me and mom
are gonna be on either
size of the box and Martin is gonna be
the one picking the items we're taking
this challenge to a whole new level
so mama are you ready to get started
with the first item yes okay guys as you
can tell we've got three different hand
holes in this box top middle and then
bottom down here meanwhile can't look at
what's in the box we can only feel and
the first one to successfully guess
why's in the box gets the point for that
round so Martin what are you waiting for
ball hey let's go get some items I'm
ready let's go come on I've got a clue
what to get but I want it's all good
ideas a cone first one three two there's
no looking a lot you like you like pine
cones conquers all of it I just add up
big bags of them I can spot pine cone to
be fat you actually grabbed a night to
grab it off you all right so does that
mean there's one notable and mr. ball
also guys does it fall we move on to the
second round
what were you guys to do is comment down
below hashtag team moves or hash tag
team um on who you think is gonna be
winning this challenge already off to a
good start but you never know when
you're against the queen of YouTube this
time I think I think I'm going for a tee
back hopefully
they've all know this one boxing Oh
aah ruff get a little scrawny oh yes
you're already behind it's not the Mafia
everybody that commented teen mom is
like Edit tea mugs this one is good be a
good one ahh
so we mine you're gonna have to decide
who got it first
I said Martin first she said ball my
machine salted years are you really
gonna credit her for that
she never called me both Martin on
purpose no yes good guys
round three dawn two wallets mine are
you ready for Round four hold on a
minute what would you think you like him
with Herman yes amazing yeah
no guys do the ball around four if
you're not already remember to go down
there and click the little bells eternal
post notifications because if you
subscribe to my channel internal
notifications and then comment down
below when you thought you could get out
or in my next video like who wouldn't
want a shout out in a morgue video Wow
so the real question is mine are you
ready for Round four
yes okay let's do this come here come
here
how's the pigs all right go it's never
the glasses no no is it this is the
pasta piece game no way no you cheat
then you can watch the boys back and
genuinely see that didn't she
guys watch that bear the video back and
you'll see I did not cheat
No I keep wanting to play it that's why
I know what it was in my face
free one
sorry I got a little bit carried away
that ro5 right you ready yeah coming in
anymore though do you think you see you
so easy this what I didn't even get my
hand in the entire well they were
editing twice before I said go
I didn't even you can't win every game
Morgan what does that mean then does
that mean it's free - free - oh wow it's
very very even guys comment down below
who you think's in prime position to win
my rounds in four more round one winner
all I can say for my next little trick
right you might not like the torch oh
let's make this a little bit harder
breakfast is served
go I'm sure now
oh my god oh my god I think I'm missing
oh my god is horrible oh the tissue the
tissue is it you made me winner cuz I
know we have actually got in the fridge
vacant moment this free realms life yeah
it's pretty great yeah yeah it gets
competitive now alright this one should
be a good one because he's upstairs in
bedroom this one I prepared earlier
don't that look gross
Morgan talk to me you've been quiet all
day you've been in bed all day now talk
to me please
are you doing oh the toy cheating no no
no cheating whatever change you change
I'll just go to the toilet go come on
you know me mine I would never cheat you
cheated then I would never cheat right
now I've got to get some more items you
got yourselves yeah I wasn't seeing
you're cheating I wasn't she and bro
you're cheating
go on go let's try you alright go
Oh
I've just killed click Basso another
matter guys for free two molds two more
rounds I've got this in the flipping bag
in here
there should be nestled rice pudding
this is horrible stuff absolutely
horrible
rice pudding nice and steady babies in a
bowl no yoga bells screw it
nice and steady some leader in a bowl
what's it rice pudding to clean it all
okay well now you're time to process
what just happened
do you understand what this means it's
round nine and we both have four points
whoever wins this one is the winner guys
round nine mine you've got a Martin
you've got good mine you've got to make
this one a good one round nine whoever
wins this wins the entire thing are you
at my let's get this started last one
right here we go last one last round
let's try and find some it in his
bedroom today well
Andres have a look in here see what we
can find
I think now oh my god no well guys it's
not the end of this was in the Box
challenge this one was like ten times
more crazy in the last one but if you
haven't watched the last one yet
there'll be a link in the description
wait you can watch that I'll just put it
on the end screen coming up in a few
moments Oh guys once again if you're not
already subscribed mum what should they
do cry click the big red button to join
team orgs and also if you call in to
team mods before the video I appreciate
you guys you guys are all legends on a
look you all if you covered the team um
then I'm just gonna let a feeling
fingers guys once again the iPhone 7
giveaway there's loads of new ways that
you can enter and there'll be a link in
the description way can enter follow all
of our social media links in the
description but guys thanks for watching
and I'll see you tomorrow at 6 p.m. for
another video because it's 6 p.m. every
day let's do this guys thank you for
watching and as always I've been more
cheap in mom you have been awesome I
will see you in the next video peace out
if you enjoyed the video then remember
to subscribe to mugsy's channel and
don't forget to leave it like
thanks for watching
