guys I cannot believe it this is
actually black water so basically I'm on
the package that came earlier contained
a drink I'm not going to tell you what
it is but I've tried it and it is the
most revolting drink ever you've got to
try what grazie Mille Plateau it's not
like Mon trust me is most disgusting
thing ever it doesn't taste of anything
it just tastes like water you ever just
wake up at 5:00 a.m. in the middle of
the night and think I really want a bath
right now oh you do sweet I do too
y'all good morning team all done welcome
back to another video
no this is the first time I've said good
morning team orgs and it's actually been
the morning this is a big deal for me
it's 5:25 a.m. right now but I'm feeling
good guys I'm joking I'm literally dying
right now I need caffeine
the Cellini without yeah for some reason
I'm out but this time like what do you
even do it this time usually this is the
time I go to bed like I'm new to this
guy's but if you don't know already I'm
all done my teddy bear and if you want
to join team orgs go down there and
smash that subscribe was to enjoying the
family and when I say family that
literally just means me my teddy bear
and all of you guys come on clickbait
let's get your mature there we go oh and
if you don't know any nice clickbait in
the bear you have got a name okay then
clickbait go and do some work don't do
some work for me there we go
just clickbait new god I love that guy
yo so guys I was just thinking I was
thinking long and hard and I thought
since I've made the effort to be awake
at this time it only seems fair that I
get mom up at this time so she can put
the work in and because I kinda wanna
prank her right now I'm not gonna lie to
ya guys let's initiate the first prank
of the day and I call this the speaker
prank let's do this yo clickbait get the
hell out of my chair this prank require
serious business I need to sit down okay
I'm so click the
I didn't mean to be mean to you
basically let me talk you guys through
how this prank is going to go down
because this is probably going to be one
of my smartest pranks yet basically what
I'm gonna do right now is record a clip
of me shouting something down the mic
something that you will not know until
the prank ovens and then basically I'm
going to send that to my phone and
connect my phone to my speaker go into
my mom's room and just play that clip of
me shouting over and over again this is
going to be so cool oh my god I can't
wait guys drop alight if you're excited
and you know why are you down there
don't forget to click that little bell
to turn on notifications but guys this
is probably going to be a really funny
prank let's do this thing
ladies and gentlemen I present to you
the merchandise prank are you ready
i mention eysan eysan what she turned it
off
oh damn how did you turn it off okay
silent aimin is that how we're playing
it and give me one second little does
she know I have a mobile speaker oh my
god guys brace yourself this should be
very very loud
good lord 1000 I'll let you listen to
that for a little while movie good
morning I'll see you in a few minutes
when you get up yoanne the practice
those savages she slams the door yo guys
I just woke up from like a free hour nap
and yes I feel amazing but before I
would yeah but the boy went to bed I
asked clickbait to whip me up a
thumbnail for the video I'm posting
today but obviously here is hard at work
and look at this
clickbait is just whip me up this it
looks bloody brilliant
cheers buddy those are mine you can get
a pay rise for that anyway yeah mommy is
a week right now so we are going to go
see how she is doing on this wonderful
day after that wonderful Frank earlier
on time um good morning good morning
good morning good afternoon
all good oh yeah because I just had a
nice sleep yeah asked to get off and do
jobs and take the dog out why are you
having your knifes Lee I know how was
the prank last night outside what I want
us to go but no no just come on I was
just letting you know to go obviously by
my mouth I was quite a nice gesture just
telling you the merch link and telling
you is and telling you adjustable Dubi
Dom mortgage oh wow are you gonna come
around my face are you living in a
little cook are you living in cuckoo
land I don't I don't think so
yes the crazy last mum does she know
should I throw salad for y'all yeah and
this is why nicelanders Aleksey know
were survivors there was none right the
other day when we're filming I said to
you do you have you merch and you said
no so I thought maybe that was because
you didn't know what to find it easy
black bags like by the eyes even Bruno
who knows I was on buggy she better talk
to him are you real no tell me what you
think
are you happy within yo simply bitch has
gone bro nut I mean he did me not fun
now he's putting the work today so I'm
cool with us basically I just need to
have a word with mom to be honest
because I want to go out later and I
just want to see if she's down with it
mom
hey bro how's it going good oh my god
again Oh someone's at the door
so you're gonna yeah okay I'll go get it
who the bully I was ringing the doorbell
then place to use at the door assumes at
the doll it sees at the door what the
hell what the hell is this what the hell
is this what what the what the hell what
the hell is that
guys I haven't ordered this like let's
say this upstairs sim can have a look
you ever just like drop that off is just
like literally dropped off and ran off
so for all I know this could be like a
spying device it's got like a bomb mommy
says a random parcel yes I'll just drop
this box off feel the difference did you
order them does Mike know have any feel
the difference what is in it you know
what mom I'm gonna take this upstairs in
her vault in it oh okay okay well I
think you're so caring I've got this one
bro I'm good bro Oh God so mom Jesus
okay so plot twist guys I dunno what
this is I know exactly what it is only
on you I also freaking open it basically
this stuff right here is black water yes
you heard that correctly black Walt I'm
just supposed to be like pure water and
it is literally freaking black I've seen
some other youtubers talking about this
stuff and I had to get it and you know
take a look at it however as you know on
this channel we don't just take a look
at things I've been thinking and I've
literally just thought of this I'm going
to do a little paranoid prank on mom
with this stuff I'm going to basically
rip off the label so if you don't know
what it is and make her drink some of it
or try and make a drink some of it
making it think it's really really bad
however it's just not is it and
basically what I'm going to do before I
point mom I'm going to try it just to
make sure it's actually good like is it
good we'll have to find out and also
shout out to all the two moles get your
merge down below link in the description
okay here goes nothing
black water taste that it just doesn't
smell like anything
yep it's got no smell whatsoever that's
very concerning
now that is freaking trippy it literally
just tastes like water and by the way
you don't believe me that this stuff is
actually black it actually likes dark
like that that water out there yo I even
joking guys like the trickiest thing
I've ever seen in my base actually crazy
but now I think it's time we turn this
whole thing upside down and we turn it
into prank probably shall be speaking
out loud leave mom's just up there but
yeah oh just before that I think I
should reveal to mom about the vars I
just smashed yes mom could you come down
here please
mom I've won say I'm sorry it was an
accident and I got it and I got it on
film so at least you know that's
something yeah you know I did yesterday
what I'm not the candle thing of realize
but the candles inert they present this
104 were supposed to work them all crazy
child I can buy another one of that
Robin no no yes Jackson met why would
you do that is it still like usable more
know it looks abstract or so usually
come on out okay guys so basically as
you can see I've just poured the black
water into a glass ones upstairs right
now I think she's doing tea so we're
going to go up and do with this prank I
don't know what I'm gonna say don't know
what I'm gonna do I'm just going to go
off and make a think that that drink
it's horrible let's do this okay
how am I going to open a door with no
hands then how am I going to open the
doors no hands prom solved mother Oh
mother I have a surprise for you I have
a drink for you surprised so basically
I'm on the package that came a Lea
contained a drink I'm not going to tell
you what it is but I've tried it and it
is the most revolting drink ever you've
got to try it what is it gravy
well flat coke it's not flat coke more
trust me is the most disgusting thing
ever all I'm saying is just once you've
tried it get ready because we're hold on
hold on I'm going to get you a bowl
because you will probably be sick is the
most disgusting drink I've ever tried
you try it you try it then okay I'll try
it first
at best
oh my why would I want to try it for two
moments for the vlog it's been a vlog
bro do you try the drink
I'll take Bruno walk every single day
this for this week this week is Saturday
god damn it she realized my plan okay
I'll tell you from a walk every day next
week really yeah
our bodies it's Alex normal is like an
11 normal I kind of smell it anything I
don't now that you've already big old
mall it's gonna occur Scott smell
anything no that's kind of weird
3 2 1
I don't want no more good we're gonna
beer all day
3 2 1
co-op serious I can't do it I've been
doing me so many horrible things to
drink me
this doesn't taste of anything it just
tastes like water take another drink I
think you might have got a good bit now
understand across a Silicon Valley just
take my mom to that you just drank is
black water it is days of anything this
literally just war isn't it is water
what is black listed as war isn't it
richard is water which is war isn't it
how cool does it fly well if it kind of
how its measured you're being racist bro
I'm not sending my love this black I
understand I've never actually even seen
or heard of black Walter is it that they
put something in it or is it meant to
can't come out of the ground like that
wait so mum direction we should go in
Plaquemine weather definitely yeah let's
do it let's do it you take a ball would
you take a bowl you got to pretend like
it was horrible yeah yo line bro we've
got a surprise for you me Mom have just
said this is like the most disgusting
drink ever and oh just in case you'd be
sick bro it's a disgusting drink is why
ordered known as the worst drink smell
is shell but it smells just mellow can
you smell what coq10 victory just do it
God joy do it do it do I go on don't
drink it trap file does it take my mind
white looks like Coke everyone's it
tastes like you know what you've just
changed Martin you've just drank black
water water it's just water but it likes
you have another drink
Leslie speakers lawyers in their true
nature Yahoo no giant is Lisa cos water
water
one tends to walk inside the studio
oh no about love what
right Lord everywhere it's really just
loss of what it's like like it's just
pointless but it's so cool guys you know
what they say why drink normal water
when you can drink like water bro yo I
swear to you guys I've just came
upstairs come to check on clickbait one
earth is this one earth is widely
stealing my money well I know you've
been working hard and dad but you can't
just go and eat my money bro I'm not
having that know what clickbait get back
to work
you need to work harder clickbait I'll
check on you soon bro I'll check on you
soon I ain't gonna lie for all the
pranks I do on mom I'm surprised you
even still cook me food but look at this
just appreciate that meal it looks
incredible man oh I'm gonna frickin
enjoy this yo so guys real quick there
is just one thing I need to tell you
about and it's about the merge and you
know I don't mention much too much
that's a joke it's all ever talked about
but it is the highs merge like out there
you know it's absolutely dope so I feel
like I should let you guys know so if I
type in www.smanos.com or in the Sai as
you can see and if we scroll down you
can see the new hats which we just
released bored here's the catch on
freaking sale wait wait that's the beige
one let's see let's see old navy with
ours on sale - oh we will yo yo let's
check let's check the gray one yo on
sale as well does that mean yet the
black and red one they're all on sale
ladies and gentlemen sale on the Hat now
here's the thing about this sale right
it ain't like a normal sale this is a
mystery sale basically what that means
is that the sale could end at any moment
and I'm not even going to tell you guys
when I haven't said yet when the sales
going to end it could have ended right
now by the time you're watching this
like for real I ain't even joking it
could be over I could just be telling
you about it then you check and it's
just not even there that's the thing
about this sale is completely random and
it could be in a week it could be in a
day it could be in two minutes guys so
as you know there'll be a link in the
description where you can go over to the
site and I'm just going to say guys get
one of these hearts on sale before they
go off sale because when they're off
sale there won't be another
for a long time guys so make the most
out of sales get yourself a hat for
summer and if you're not a big spider
hats as plenty of other stuff as you
know t-shirts jumpers yeah guys but for
real I told you guys on snapchat i was
doing this sale and everybody's going
ham on the orders getting their stuff
for summer i mean it's a bargain so if
you want to get a heart now is the
freaking time yo guys so it's getting a
little bit late right now it's currently
12 okay so it's pretty dumbly well yeah
there's one thing i want to do in this
world before we end it off something
involving bruno and this thing and yes I
did just pull that out of my pants so
this right here is a wobble bubble but
as you can tell it's really freaking him
no it not employers it's deflated I just
think it's really funny and basically
what I'm going to do is I'm going to
take it down to Bruno and basically just
annoy him with it until we react to it
but before that oh hey Brunel what this
he just isn't he's actually scared of it
okay well clearly Bruno wasn't
interested so let's go see one like are
you okay not all of you ho right click
by I'm signing off tonight I'm gonna get
some sleep so yeah just go just do some
work for me know what guys this is why
I'm going to end the video
link in the description if you've
enjoyed remember to go down there and
smash a big thumbs up on the video I'm
finally not wait not not finally I've
got a hell of a lot more stuff to plug
but yeah if you not already go down
there and smash that subscribe button
join the scene join movement join the
family join the squad
remember to go hit me up on Twitter and
we are born into the ground even you
could hit mom up on Twitter or dad up on
Twitter everything you need is down
there in the description box and finally
guys go get your own molds merch we've
got the MH art we've got the team more
shows we've got the MH t-shirts we've
got hoodies we've got everything you
could possibly want in life thank you
all so much undergoing iva-mos you guys
been awesome and i'll see you in my next
video breathe out it says dreaded region
then remember to subscribe
Muggsy channel and don't forget you
living life you can have a speaking
thank you
since i happy
