me already switching lives per 24 hours
generally the closer than Cara crazy yes
Kyra that means you can get access to a
bank account and everything isn't it
know if we're gonna be switching lives
for 24 hours we're gonna need to look
like each other and I know the perfect
place we need to get awake what do you
think mom do we look alike
I can't tell who's oh I don't know who's
Karen who's more than I'm kind of
confused that's Morgan calm yeah okay
and if I'm gonna look like Morgan I'm
gonna need the make up and now there's
only one thing left to do okay okay
that's the makeup done now it's time for
the clothing
Molden Kiera are you Wilma
hi what's in your hood my name is today
my boyfriend my boyfriend videos
shouting guys guys calm down a little
bit this is meant to be fun video I
don't you to fall out and start arguing
okay okay team walls and bridges
spinners the challenge starts
yo guys it's more today I'm here and I'm
filming your video and I even though I
am so bad for night before I get me so
many yeah that's what I care about to
let down to do eight hours but maybe not
tilt it out cuz that's a bit difficult
siren ooh no guys I mentioned there's
this new wave cam emerged that I dropped
and it's only available
two more days you guys need to go
corporate Chrysler's like it's been two
seconds I just need to remind you you
need to call the magic you haven't
qantas about to ready yet beg your
parents to buy it for you guys I really
need money really really really really
badly so under still some money if you
can't afford it you know if you see
someone walking down the street with
some money in there just take it it's
yours now and you can spend it
oh yeah I'm playing it really good I'll
have you know even though I'm real bad
and more some pay some attention to me
please you always think oh no no I don't
want to play attention to you I want to
pay attention to fortnight because I'm
bad and I want to get better so I can
make more videos on it get more views
thank you very much that's all I care
about
yeah but more if you can't get good at
for a night you could always use my my
but is much better if those are real
them so on my videos looks like he was
just broken up with me um on that note I
guess I'd remind you in a while to come
up sideswipe or linking by our news code
single forever 10% off and check out
actually no there are % off because all
of the money's mine but yeah boy is only
available for two more days I'm actually
kind of sad I miss her the biomass guys
hot as much in the game is really good
to drive his come on guys it's nobody's
it just arguing all the time
just stop it now mo stop it leave here
alone oh I know I know I've got good
idea
why don't we go for a drive to
McDonald's oh my gosh oh I can get Big
Macs
Oh Oh fries chicken legends should we
just stop arguing cashews on we're going
to McDonald's commands
no no Kira stop it Walden stop it just
stop being gone get your shoes on hi can
I get seven chicken legends I get 18 Big
Macs Oh actually make that ninth with
extra cheese okay I need extra cheese oh
it's not a big tasty oh I'll get hand of
those please and then can I get 19,000
large fries you don't have 19 but this
is an outrage 18,000 gosh oh I'm another
Big Mac thank you
you're guys it's morgue and today I will
be having 76 coke zeros actually you
know what just give me the whole machine
I'll come and pick you out round the
back okay what would you measure of cook
savers is it that way it's a good thing
I mean you're dying okay I'll have 97
Diet Coke since you want to be like that
Oh guys you might if I told you before
this new merch is red and camel and it's
only been two more days you wanna buy
some oh wow no okay well it's a more
SoCo so 10% discount for McDonald's
workers okayed by
you walk home I want a diet coke this is
an outrage I never drinking anything
again damn you Morgan
I've got a diet coke I'm angry well
Morgan drinks too much coke anyway
No
one of carrots favorite things to do is
go shopping or should I say one of my
favorite things to do is go shopping
I'm always spending all of my money on
clothes which I never wear so I can't
think of anything better to do right now
then go online and spend a load of money
and my gosh guys this dress looks
amazing but it's 200 pounds oh who cares
I'm gonna buy it anyway 120 pounds of
course I'm gonna get it any pulse I
wouldn't be seen dead in anything less
than 100 you spending more money on
clothes
no do you spend on books or code and it
is much in the game you guys just a
games I forgot to remind you one more
time
the hottest guys I just took an injury
so you better hope it helps on my
medical expenses because income
breathing yo guys just walking in my
house my big house I bought all by
myself
you got a minute yeah I just need to
talk to you about finances oh okay let's
do it right now all right come on Morgan
sit down a minute
so what's gone wrong this month of what
you mean well you've only earned a
million pounds I don't understand why
it's so low this month that you're not
getting deals so you're not working as
hard you just messing around with care
all the time billions terrible I just
don't stand it morgues what's going on
well how much did you make last month
how's it compare well you make five
times up and it's just candles like
you're slipping I'm definitely bothered
I mean if you just give me the account
number and sort code I'll log in myself
and I'll check out what's happening of
all my money okay something must not be
coming in okay I'll get your account
details oh oh go away Cara can you just
give us a minute
oh I listen no no yeah I'm listening
driveways no God can you get those
numbers Wheatley Tony's we go sure Jesus
guys 1 million even on a bad month
that's that's crazy I'm getting kind of
hot yeah I'm definitely not breaking up
with Morgan any time soon even if he is
kind of stupid and weird-looking he's
rich
jail did you just say summon tato an
extra salad I don't want so you need to
sort this out the kind of stuff Kyra's
throwing food around on the floor like
this it's just out of control
yes it's not right she's disgusting
energy I'm definitely leaving home
no guys small-time today the prime king
is bad and I'm gonna do an ad mechanical
my poor acting mother and shit gonna
have a really fun time
no so today I have a big glass of water
and a big salt and I'm gonna put the
salt in the water
and I'm gonna have to make sure to be
really quiet she doesn't hear me doing
this and then she's gonna drink it I'd
be really sad I love my mother so much
I'm doing it for you mother I love you
so much
Iman oh hello Joe once removed rollers
for me Morgan that was an accident but I
felt like the night and for no reason
whatsoever I found this glass of water
in the March room and if I give it to
you choices ran out I'll take that way
there you go get hydrated we don't any
dehydrated people in this house that's
really kind of you thank you drink it
she is what you up to then what are you
doing smellin well what's going on
just crazy
Martin would just don't get paid enough
for this is crazy
she's ready Kira Kira Garrity tea's
ready Kira
why they all look so bad okay Kira here
are you gonna come for some tea now
she's crazy
you guys it's more gonna go with the
treadmill and if you guys didn't know I
am a really good runner yeah I can run
like ten trillion miles
I can just walk with one end to the
country to the other and if you also
didn't know I can also run on water but
today don't have any water in the garret
and show you guys I to run for like 69
hours straight on these really great I'm
really really really good it newsing why
the buttons are working
Oh fat burn yeah that's definitely what
Morgan needs yeah guys I'm just running
on my treadmill you're only running
things
it's going a little bit fast
why is it going morning so fast right
now
so just me or small class Matic yeah add
a transition in saying it's been two
hours
two hours later guys it's been about two
hours later and I must say that was an
amazing run I ran for Wow a million mile
as I feel some in shape I don't feel
like I'm gonna pass out at all your guys
so we're currently in Cara's wardrobe
but just sitting here my favorite thing
to do as you guys know it's just hide in
people's houses and watch them without
them knowing so I'm just gonna sit here
while you're here it's come in and see
what she gets up to so I'm a weirdo as
you can tell I'm being super quiet right
now Longwood even I'm here I'm really
good at being quiet so yeah I'm just
gonna say her away like oh gosh she's
coming in she's coming here
she's coming in she died of her hair oh
what'd she do
what's she doing is that it's out her
pants
what's she touching why is she playing
with my feelings Australian not put my
mind down get out of there
get out put that boogies down get that
out of her oh my god guys she's getting
change right in front of my eyes I'm
definitely not looking is that her where
are her boots oh my god guys I'm
definitely not looking right now but
that doesn't look like what a girl has
oh my god guys just get into bed it's a
lot of time to leave okay let's get out
guys I don't think she saw me I think we
got away with it earlier today guys
mil more can were talking about money
and how much you don't and I was a bit
disappointed with it as you know it with
a Morgan outfits go to the million
pounds but no guys time is money
guys I think you all get a little bit to
invest in the video it's not seriously
no more wait a second but your mom no
Jim Jim Jim I know we're doing a video
where we we switch lives for 24 hours
but that's my morning I saw you guys
guys guys I think you all get a little
bit confused you can use this video as a
way to take my does my body look I don't
care I'm or
seriously I'm the real more think you
can tell I see
don't County buddy or something move mum
our mugs got is my money just because
she's children and my money moves I've
just realized what's happening yeah I
know
yes smells what I've been trying to tell
you guys I'm not caring but always it
was just a wig and a dress guys this has
been a hectic night to make me feel no
better subscribe to the channel go down
below and press our big red subscribe
button it's right there press it have
you pressed it yeah ok good because this
is my channel we're close to 5 million
subscribers and it's gonna be really
great so please subscribe and by the
March twice and crop this merchant roni
mine if we got confused juice
industrially Morgan by the merch guys ok
more girls more than I think here I mean
Morgan you guys have been awesome
beep oh
