I am on basically this is the question
of all questions the question
everybody's been wanting us for
centuries would you rather get rid of
Morgan or Bruno
oh my god did somebody actually asked ah
hello guys i'll welcome by to another
video with me and of course the queen of
YouTube yeah it's me - ladies and
gentlemen it's that time again we're
both about to be expose today's video is
going to be similar to the never have I
ever challenged I did we've done however
it's going to be a hell of a lot worse
so today basically we're going to take
in turn to ask each other questions and
expose each other's secret we also twit
out on both of our Twitter's yes as you
know mum made a freaking Twitter and
she's probably going to overtake me like
less bases so yeah we asked you guys to
send secrets that you wanted to be
exposed and that's exactly what we're
going to be doing today mum are you
excited no I've just seen some of the
questions I'm really I'm freaking
nervous
I'm more nervous because I was having a
few Oh God Oh guys if you're new to the
channel remember to go down there and
not subscribe button join the team join
team orgs and if you don't know already
I just released these dope hearts for
silver they'll be linked in the
description where you can get one of
these - my merchandise site go cut one
while the fresh while the new one was
yours was yours bro was yours eating any
one whereas yours bro look Morgan you
said if I wanted one I had to buy it and
I'm not buying it so no I've got one
well let's be honest Morgan we all know
the only reason you're wearing a hat is
because your ass so bad don't fill up
more I really buddy appreciate it one
more thing guys the team all shout out
for this video go Saddam Hussein even
subs for ages
I love the videos I do with Mom star
last night if you want the team all
shout in the next video you guys know
what to do go down there slash the light
will turn on notifications and finally
leave a comment what more are you ready
to get exposed yeah yeah yeah let's go
first off let's do this
rock-paper-scissors no you just messes I
would you just put the role model okay
right along the first question I'm going
to ask you is wonder I think everybody
watching this wants to know right now
this is the most frequently asked
question I get asked literally all the
time mama 5,000 what like what do you
mean is that another question the real
thing I want to say this is the most
asked question I get questions about
this every day
I'm sure you do too mom when are we
going to see the moles mom YouTube
channel soon it's in the platforming you
and I correctly me and porn are annually
thinking about making her a channel now
guys we're not sure if you want to see
this or not so if you want to see more
mom make her own freakin youtube channel
go down there and smash a like on the
video and tell us in the comment section
look tell a little bit about what you
think of your bun yes so it's going to
be a little bit of log in just general
fully things that happens in the day I
think tough
lots of accidents lots of things go
wrong there's also the Prime
inside - it was working working
full-time that have a lot of time so
that's got to change I've got to put
more focus on pranking Morgan I know a
lot of the pranks I got some really good
ideas guys if you want mom to make her
own channel you know what to do tell us
what you think because we're thinking
about it but we're not sure yet so tell
us in the comment section if you want to
see it either then mom I think we know
what time it is now you've got you've
got the whole space yo you've got the
space you've got the time you've got a
flow do you want to just ask me a
question or do you want to see what
twisting no I'm go to Twitter
so go ahead so I'm not wrong reason so
the fit my question is Morgan when you
leave in home oh right well my answer
this is right now
ah right welcome to the channel guys
that we've got rid of that little plaid
so yeah I think the answer to that one
is never I'll never leave home I'll
never leave you oh right guys next
question for mom I'm coming for a hard
right now mom the first one is a nice
one I'm gonna be hard
ah have you ever stolen from Morgan
standard still for you're allowed to
steal at hair products gel wax of mousse
is all that stuff us yeah that's for a
win though not stealing so last night I
got a bit carried away in a crack you'll
be sweet off when you saw my sweet no I
am stole my sweet you stole my sweet and
it almost reads stay on shot can we get
out get out go and take my channel but
I'm taking my channel bye say bye down
and apologize to me apologize to them
too because you've stole from me so I
want an apology
and then I want demos to have an apology
I'm sorry for stealing your sleeve not
all of them just one or two three or
four Morgan have you ever gone out or as
day with a girl fan fun a fangirl girl
fangirl for fun
a girl who's a girl actually channel
other organs I don't think so no Morgan
let's ask another question Morgan have
you ever been out on a date
I've just gone out with so many girls I
just I remember yeah they're real making
out there no I'm trying to think of
business everyone but just so many of us
can't think or do that next question I
guess yeah alright mom someone said in a
little dare for you
you've got to prank call that ok what
were you doing what are you gonna tell
you what we're going to thank you how we
gonna find it
how about you say you broke down the
car's broke down as a restaurant can you
come and pick a vault
yeah cuz I know about poles with your
car yeah yeah yeah
would you mind no she might have seen
Mia Morgan broken down on supplies but
my car's got a bit of an intimacy
problem when you drive like a 1910 207
it's not really that surprising is it oh
hi Darrin it's me either
Darrin will stop it's a problem right
we'll just leave a miller and carter and
my car's got that problem again and it's
broken down I know and I can't I've got
the breakdown can't get for this at
about three hours and mothers
yeah Morgan's going absolutely mad it
needs to poo and he needs to get the
toilet
can we get can I get you to come and
pick him up and I'll just have to come
away with a car or something
a young been drinking or anything all
right that's good
I'll do you mind alright so service to
chill out Darren appreciate that alright
thank you bye-bye
we could not let it drive to pick us all
fall almost like oh yeah me tell you
what's the culling go short looking now
we can I ring your back on my throne and
we continue it yes they are really the
pool dad I've got stomach ache and
everything I just came up with that
that's no we're driving I'll just say
that will you be long and nearly I'm
going to pull myself dolan come morgue
yeah look let's let it go yeah this
guy's Mexico's dude
mum's asking me now will you do this or
lay on in the video guys keep watching
to see how this one ends I'm genuinely
Malcolm has got to ring your dad now I'm
getting a bit worried it's not fair it's
late and it's late all over the floor I
know but you can't let drive all that
way I'll never do it again
ring command you ring right now ringing
bash and say our marker though this also
will be really annoying so the next
question is who you think's winning
prank war oh so I'm not sure about this
because surely like I've done like 10
Prime's on you and they've all worked
like I've done loads on you however the
like couple lives on me it has been
really good ones like I think the wake
up right in the pool could have been the
best actual prank yet it just depends
like Adam so many on you your hey me
with some big ones is it quality of a
quality but still I still do think I'm
taking home a cake I mean you can't deny
the fact that I've done like 5 times
more on you than you've done on me you
can't you know yeah what do you think
well who do you think's winning I think
you're definitely winning oh there we go
if you're not bothered about doing nasty
things ie complain you drive just dab
drive 10 mile at night proprietor you're
nobody did it I was really awesome let
go I'll German it's not laughing oh
nothing
Oh God yelling you want to know what
you're thinking comment down below this
one in private or is it team org or team
more people definitely happy more that
does be honest there you go
hi mom I'll go on for you it may be a
little bit controversial I don't even
know I need to figure out the truth
honest answer do you really like my
merchandise yeah definitely
oh I do good quality I told you that
whoa Morgan Jesus challenge you to see
you can eat a snake the quickest most
politically strong cinematix whoa
cinematix magic eager grab a snake
that's a little bit confused so will
let's get is true we're gonna have
accomplished I mean you can eat one the
fastest you cheated uh-huh and shit
three two one mmm I'm under fat more
roots come back Jesus thomas t-thomas me
missed me haha London club coming going
on women oh yeah also looking weird a
yeah molten you're very theatrical you
know I'm just checking my charming I'm
going to call you Oh wardrobe think
you're the winner
you gave up don't worry big guy go uh
that's not a spirit gone oh my god oh my
god oh my god
it's all oh my god got ringing star
ended with the Hawks even got back and
tell him not to go
oh no we weren't sure shy do this yeah I
got it quiet
yeah hello dot it's me Oh what what are
you
I've just got to calm London sighs
million car million car fuck you son
I'll be go back tomorrow the car's broke
their awards disappointing something
boom five or six miles
how far along we drive it yeah we saw
how accosted look oh god I'm in pajamas
mr. Carlin Oh socks on guarantee made me
do it baby do you do
I said ringing pop right back sorry
daddy but I'm all good
not me dr. sugar I should drink every
night if you know someone or moon I'm a
drink covers it anyway watch your
program oh I'm sorry Jenny Ryder because
if you were watching my videos you could
have just paused them and you'd have
been fine bye dad
okay guys I think it's time the truth is
finally revealed
excuse us is that it true I'm on
basically this is the question of all
questions the question everybody's been
wanting us for centuries would you
rather get Prince
of Morgan or Bruno oh my god did
somebody actually a star yes a lot of
people oh my god that's ridiculous for
an awful question I can't believe
anybody's after all the years we've been
together all the fun we've had
oh good at all Elvis is looking after
and caring I mean that's amazing
obviously what you call it Bruno keep
Bruno when shared so much together 100
more good don't be so baby she should be
leaving home now anyway you're 15 Bruno
well guys at the end of another thousand
thrills Riddler or the main thing though
that I think you know this on both your
minds and mom's freaking channel so guys
once again
telogen the conversation if you think
she should make her own channel she's
thinking about it she's definitely
considering it guys so if you ever
wanted to say to a giant convince' -
now's the time guys in the comment
section
but guys thank you all so much for
watching this video a huge thanks to Mum
for being in it I mean the busy the
savage that she obviously is I'm not a
page I say because I wish I say guys
once again we just released these new
heart
finish off get them now while they're
fresh well than you if you want of the
summer now is the perfect time to order
them and if you check the website they
may even be a little cheesy sale on the
right now so the link will be in the
description or if you want to type in
just put in hopefully speak sorry
well what would say MOCA
www.milkavkaz.net if you don't already
Twitter not changed a gram she's even
got a frickin Twitter all the links are
in the description below and finally if
you'd already remember to go down there
and smash that subscribe button to join
team orgs well guys thank you so to
watching and as always I've been more
cheese in more diverse roles and I'm not
always I'll see you next video 3 Wow
because judges videos
remember to subscribe in my channel
again forget to leave a like if you have
a bikini
thank the working since I happen
