okay mom I ready to show them the true
emoji guy I'm just going to warn you
okay
I think this is probably my best one by
my rate to one fun ah cool that also may
go away
ah we tell guys and welcome back to the
pancake art challenge so I think it's a
little above equipped with our pancake
mixes so in corn we call a bucket mica
let's go buy great makers certainly need
to clean what we're going to be doing is
making our own pancakes and go ahead Ted
a little challenge
criminy you got there up so we boil and
check this out oh Sid - as well I want
to know you're not cheating in my house
it's gone ha ha ha
this is something for the smoke oh no
slipping are wrong I'm just going to
make my pancake I'm just going to make
my water pancake don't mind me now this
is the first time you've seen me under
on your screen we're going to go down
there and smash that subscribe button
join the family join team logs you join
join King boards and why don't you got
yours on one that'll be so cool by the
way mom there is some loot you can pause
what a coincidence
you work is out right now more more Cory
time can we got blue we got black we got
drag the babies we think you and I can
come in blue girl go to a woman throw in
a new match it out right now
and you could say is selling like like a
good church so you got to pick one up
while you can selling that hot pancake
nothing has to be after a little while
but when you seeing this video there
will be a sale just started bully tough
now we all sale guys through limited
if you want to pick one of your link in
the description because you know merge
Lincoln in bimbo no moments just not get
any of these references but yeah guys
new minutes all right now link in the
description and basically we'll get
started right now with these pancakes
are challenge the home care to explain
how this challenge works all of them you
know you can you clearly came prepared
well done you smashing it basically
lighted the way this works we're going
to take in terms to say something we've
got to create in pancake form and then I
please drown our you guys to comment
down below telling me who's paint it
with better these are more the first
thing we're going to do is a fidget
spinner the trains a little bit dazed
but I you know it it is something that
she actually knows
so basically dizzy spinner can you think
of what one looks like
up three bits to it so how they need
most they have indeed so much Gaston I'm
driving the heart I'm grabbing the right
now okay and I have mostly when ours is
going to go oh my god
oh hold on I'm going I'll car I've made
it all nice not okay it's very runny
spring always warm it's got four sides
that's what repeated build up through
you know what it's a special finish many
guys don't even do black honestly Morgan
I was never very good at art what on
earth is that it looks like a deformed
alien oh my god oh my god guys I am
literally smashing it look at that
Incredibles and could not lay what would
be bone surface little old man when I
graduated bully said did you become the
pancake X's do my research or are we
scared it or no no no oh but it's broken
whoa guys we've lost the side to the
ridges below look this has got to be
pancakes abused Oh
goodness he might even itself stuff
worse could entertain the best mama had
all my doors on night Monday Tuesday I'm
trying to having money is gone for
mother to leave them we are yeah I Drive
mom through certain my physics winner
yeah guys through the rethinking team
molds or table coming down below around
once they've gone one team or around one
team months you can kinda tell one is
that looks like a deformed tree if I can
it's been some oh my gosh I actually try
you know yeah okay Ashley those there
you know like a try to black so what we
try not trying out what it's aa bring yo
big better safe school Phyllis it not
been the best ours it like neither was
really creative successful baseman am
I'm broke in half you're just look like
trim it and burned brutally which is
bully a horrible thought round two
if you're is your turn and talk it up
kind of burn otherwise just came to my
bathroom assault
Bruno what are you talking about with
piston actually this person isn't sure
some kind of pain I'm very good at this
Morgan you know audio as you doing all
night so I was interested hydrogen mmm
that's a little bit kinky doing marjana
Bruno doesn't like a pair of Aitkin a
critical stage
I forget to read even though I know he's
not read just a bit colors are blue easy
boy I'm sure oh my god look like because
have little ads on it
I am I don't look so good
oh my god I don't think I can see this
yet look what the bloody hell is that
I can tell what it is it looks like a
just a black cloud of smoke because
are they sighs where's my nice comrade
much did you want to be a better Bruno
not really wheels come out of kind of
weird yeah okay we oh my god I hate I'm
just going to not flip it from now on
you know I'm just not gonna sleepy I
look look at the thing about that was
perfection could use this has been the
worst time a video of all time
you think it would prepared a bit more
yeah probably a good idea mom show them
your broom oh nothing that's you dad
that is great whatever and guys lose my
bureau guys and comment down below down
to two more Teen Wolf
what year was it tastes like months is a
good mom is it good it just tastes like
the normal plant a so many yeah maybe
for this buddy got like it down to the
food coloring in there yeah we're gonna
put the recipes for they suffer with
Marcus yeah for the restaurant
oh really have now we are is just before
we move on to the next one I don't want
to say you haven't already go down there
must that subscribe button also turn on
notifications so you can be early to my
next video how do we turn on
notifications long they click on the
valve yeah you do it need you do we need
well guys it's my turn now and I think
I'm gonna go for something a little bit
different I'm going to go for my
Christmas tree
Jesus that's looking quite crucial if it
is actually more than this one
oh my going to be so terrible with a
moment talk is numbers been too terrible
otherwise I can come out win this one
hmm feels like they just look good in
there oh my god run see mine is right
what oh why did Allah and now I'm just a
monkey to you it may be self-made what
I'm saying green represents no I'm
still with user ah your point ball balls
on the puzzles on it horrible horrible
horrible in air ball blur after balls
are gonna get really big swollen
Morgan life everything once oh my god
they make your elbow oh we got a star on
top Oh can't do it Oh
Smarties anyway that's my idol
I'm not going to do it I'm gonna get
played good look out onto the plate that
seems to be the host our children here
okay wait I think rightly know oh come
on no way we cannot go up it were you
doing do it Delfy
oh my god I literally can't believe it
right guys this one is going to be
closed three two one yo these are some
of the coolest monkey Christmas trees
I've ever seen - hey guys comment down
below hashtag keyboards just like the
words code on the raspberry chemos or is
it team freaking moly
no nicely be so cool imagine team move
merge team um yo guys calm down love you
auntie momma I'd be so cool but guys
round three Christmas trees born let's
move on to the next round as you're
feeling
good we're doing good always vanilla
generate not always because I think
we're gonna leave it they really are a
little more a nice show mommy your turn
now and what were you thinking for the
next penguin a clue in okay yo you're
learning your iPhone iPhone and nobody's
quick on yeah yeah definitely didn't
tell us to say that boy yo let's do as
we can tell men with you because why the
hell's all I found grabbing the rent
that is the closest to brown I'm
grabbing the red what are you going to
do we're just going to do a black hole
of what - it's not very good it could
just be a cassette Brunell you know
Christmas treat Morgan dies no Christmas
tree that is the best pruno job you'll
ever see in your life
oh god no sugar tradition okay I'm sure
I reckon okay wait maybe a favor
look I think I'm I believe I might have
saved a conformal but it's not my pillow
moment are you AI - trying to take the
milk now you're actually there yeah line
to take the mood you know
so it's in front of the promo to be
multi colors for sauces cuz that can
find the right color someone I don't
know it was where two-faced you are
where the place where did eyes wide is
now mark a little bit on this you just
said to pull them out you say that Sundy
do I think whenever one it's I've just
done what I saw Bonnie's I'm just like I
said just a multicolor okay mom are you
ready to show them the true emoji guy
I'm just gonna warn you okay I think
this is probably my best one by my mom
what are you I'm optimistic always
honest
Shane optimistic guys three two one bum
ah look at our little cool that was oh
my god
- seriously just admired I'll tell us
the cool thing about mine and actually
split around and it looks just as good
on the back oMG whoa oh ooh
where guys got around for I mean I think
it's pretty clear what I think it's baby
no brainer
it was obviously mom like she obviously
for nose is much better than mine
but yeah guys told me that well - team
nails Hoscheit team move around for I
think it's gonna be me but you know
we'll see what it did okay guys time for
verified the final round the grand
finale and of course it is my choice oh
you know I've been thinking about this
for a while you know I've been thinking
long at home
why do we not go I'm thinking what
should I do for the next round that it
came to me
I'm gonna do something as close to
teemo's as close to me that this kind of
family in a way little picture me no
does not we're gonna do the element page
logo
Oh God cut not looking to button no I
said what's go wrong with why it's gotta
go wrong it's alright I'll come up with
some more on I think it's too soon I'll
miss messed up toilet now laughs yeah
well missing man lookin okay not looking
not matter I'm not going to line well
your son's I feel exactly the sad in
yell you know I don't think I don't
think it's better than my little life
but I'm not gonna like a puzzle doll I
don't think there's any chance in hell
and then is going to be able to get off
with our broken yeah my very great
George abrasion yeah nor my plight as
big as my wonder what chance does that
mean I am or I go home you're not gonna
believe it
our company thing oh my gosh that you
lookie things oh my god wait wait wait
wait wait give me a frickin minute bro
yes
oh my god I've done it I tried I was in
play I'm looking to Lima most kind of
hoping you won't get it on multi burn
out your space together because if it
doesn't I got you too
by this play guys I've got a beauty
oh no and it was looking so good we're
dispatching I'm going to show them yours
first
oh no it was doing really really well
and then deciding to be the main story
of just your whole performance
it was feeling very well but then you
complaining here we will meet Iman all
the team will support our bad guys what
your queen is good and are you ready the
team walls this is what the king of dawn
bomb baby look at that for MH guys have
you ever seen a more perfect
representation of the beautiful MH logo
no don't try to be on the floor though I
swear more just a minute just in that
one only just a minute round
Hey there is are good at heart just as
could you completely I do that put Talon
I'll be makin time I think and we'll
look too little say that that is better
but actually call winger with that big
and I don't want to get off for Alex to
see a friend
it is so great we goes on guys the age
of although Kuno did is take a second to
a client how good might actually be I
mean seriously they're actually quite
good right took I'll be real with me I
think the next place that I could
actually do fine makes those good any
pancake companies out there
hit me up because I can be the new
pancake maker
I'm the future of pancake making this
Gaiety molds merch
comment if you want team on merch even
though I do not go forward I'm not sure
even buddy deserve it know what guys do
me a favor
just run for me to be very big editing
over this let's show it voyage I know
the end of this pen game or video we did
doesn't say they can go to plan or the
starting go to plan by the end I think
I've begun smash along
I don't know that mom I think she's just
kind of I'd always had it improve didn't
improve started bad and kept going bad
but still at least each I team mom you
know you got your Rene plus forever but
team mold to come out with the win guys
doing a hearts right now there'll be a
link in the description for select if
you're all of the summer get one right
now boomers are selling quick so we link
in the description or you can just go
through www MLM and also if you're new
to the channel join the team jointing
mores go down there hit that subscribe
button and also if you've enjoyed the
video remember to leave a like on down
below yeah do it right now
and finally guys if you want us to do
this pancake or challenge again at your
pancake rb2 going down with what you
think we should make because I don't
know I can't want to do it again because
I think I've got a lot more to prove a
move not some chemical just a nice
pancakes with ice cream and fruit and
things I think it's know probably
failure not to be honest poor guy stage
or service for watching I know as always
I've been warned you guys been awesome
and I'll see you in my next please oh
there's dreaded video then remember to
subscribe and love this channel and
don't forget to leave a like if you
happy
thanks for what you do sigh houses
