look around the garden valve wife
changed come on we've got a freaking hot
tub we've got hot tub
Hey hi so no haha good morning team orgs
and welcome back to another video now as
you can tell the Sun is is freakin
shining today it's warm it's bright I'm
I'm loving it you can't keep it all and
today I've got a freaking awesome day
plan let me tell you about it so today
we're back with a more friendly video
yes in this video you're going to be
experiencing nice more because today I'm
going to be surprising my mom and myself
with a brand new hot tub and if you
don't love hot tubs then there must be
something wrong with you seriously
whenever I go and hold it is always a
hot tub and it's where I spent like 95%
of my time bro I love me outdoors so I
thought why not take the trip to bmq and
just pick one off and would you look at
that we've arrived at being - what
convenient timing
now guys if you're new to my channel
remember to go down there and smash that
subscribe button join the movement tell
your friends tell your family tell your
mom tell your dog how to even tell your
hamster that is if you've got a hamster
I had a hamster once and then it died
anyway guys we're planning for bmq right
now we're going to go in see what they
got to see what I got to offer us and
hopefully we leave with a big fat juicy
hot tub capitalizing on this beautiful
weather because the UK is freaking
killing at the moment like check this
out bro
anyway I think you guys know what time
is cue the cinematics
so that was the one that said go bmq I
said the heart of the home base please
and AH this summer bmq so yeah they had
nan in vmq they were all order in stock
so now we're going to home base
I guess to the cinematix again yo I know
you guys are expecting cinematics which
is all on a second dad for some reason
still doesn't believe me that there is
something stock in home base even though
I checked if we go to home base and
there's none in stock I will look down
the camera and say anything you want me
to say however if we go down base and
there is some in stock
you are still down the cameras or
anything I say whew
you know you have just made the biggest
mistake of your life
Rolla cinematics dad did you just hear
my conversation with the lovely lady
what did she say then - she's a guru in
stock Oh so whose eye your eye so dad
you go look down the lens and say
anything I want all this is a big moment
I'm thinking what can I really use in
the long term when we have arguments
there's one things I'd love to have a
video of dad is saying I want your look
down the lens and say more just hair
does not look like a cheese during so
you want me to live I shot a mug that
does not look like cheese drink yes boys
let's go get this hot sauce so down
would you catch updated on the situation
this is absolutely ridiculous as I said
right at the beginning that path the box
will not fit in my car so hard to hold
your sexy that my boarded excitedly
Darrin yours I've trouble down in don't
you get out of it you number two okay
ladies and gentlemen me and dad have
just taken the hot tub into my back
garden as you can see it on there I tell
you it was heavier than it freaking
looked me and dad could barely lift it
the two of us and you know I've got the
humongous muscles so until you heavy box
so as you can see you're in the back
garden mind now mom is literally
sleeping in that room up there at least
I said that's why I assume she's doing
so literally what I'm going to do is
shout you out see if she's awake she may
be a weight maybe listening to me right
now and then I'm going to literally get
out - what rather guard until she sees
it I think she's going to be so happy
it's something we can both use such a
good day such nice weather and we're
going to set out today okay I think I'm
gonna have to shout pretty damn loud is
she in there
I buddy hope she is Bruno is she in
there mom mom mom oh she's clear look
out your window oh my god guys I'm
literally about to surprise my mom
with a freaking hot tub which is going
to be sick basically think she's getting
pranked what do you mean what am i doing
how you bother I haven't seen in a
little while a little bit tired how
about we improve your day and we have a
good one all right okay look around the
garden bro what's changed oh my god Oh
bah bah mom we've got a freaking hot tub
we got hot tub hey be happy look little
arrow in hot so we can go right here all
measured out come down come down come
down come on guys your own or our own
freaking hot tub for the healthy happy
shots you excitedly nervously is scarier
emotional yeah Robin are you Chaeronea
grateful what's going through your mind
right now I'm kind of emotionally
shocked but a pee I thought of something
fun we could do together bonding sesh I
thought you know every now and again a
woman needs somewhere to just chill and
be warm in the UK it's hard to be warmed
though y'all with me killin it yes for
as well as that there's a frickin new
Sun chair over there
but I've even noticed it one of them but
we frickin pillows all over and stuff yo
this garden is going to be transformed
into the Blue Dream we're all look at
that look at that yeah also you can sit
on it standard stuff
tell us what you think mom tells what
you think it's the Queen in a throne the
queen of YouTube is in her throne oh the
queen of YouTube look at that oh they
actually really ultra Polly leg oh
really I live on this now for the next
look at her the ideal sunglasses on
she's got a Sun bed she's got a hot tub
over there which we're going to get set
up right now mom hey oh I see I see this
is something we do now again trying to
package it but its body the sturdy falls
over seen him alive oh yeah
this chairs really come syllabus
I'm enjoying just some well then I
bought thank you Mike oh I can get it
really for to a wall no it's like the
cool peace chair never sat in so guys
you're making Swift posters with it
we've got it all other box now we got to
try and set it up I know I'm I'm I'm I'm
ready mama you ready you've probably
been pulling your shift in I'm reading
the instructions yeah I mean it must be
such a hard life sign up beautiful chair
reading the bloody instructions yo
ladies and gentlemen is working mom is
working we got it working the hot tub is
on the way seriously mom check this out
are you excited it looks amazing
oh my god guys got a light if you're
excited and subscribers your new this is
going to be amazing
I'll come back to you when we've got
this thing in places babe mini to detail
yo so this pool has freaking LEDs and I
yeah I thought they were going to be
built in they're not really built in but
you know that they kind of built in so
this fool is literally put LEDs this is
going to be so dope we're just spreading
them through right now we're literally
like 90% done it's going to be so
awesome I think when we're going to be
finishing it will be nighttime which may
even add to the coolness but yeah
honestly guys I have never been more
excited I'm alive hotter baby yes
ok ladies and gentlemen about an hour
has passed basically mine is here the
bald head itself Bruno is chilling hey
buddy
and nobody how you doing and basically
we're all ready now everything is good
everything is ready and basically mine
what time is it time for the waiter turn
it on bro turn it on bro
turn it on bro I do what you know is
right
oh god oh I'm so confused
oh sorry Zoe food Oh Oh God who no oh
God what you gonna do bro don't filling
out what you don't do buddy
look at that cue the dramatic music
caddy get out of here
it's filling up it's the tsunami this is
the Titanic all over again mom Bruno is
drowning oh my god Bruno
sit sit yo so guys about an hour has
passed this frickin pool is taking ages
and yeah Bruno has been in for the
entire time no joke and he hasn't okay
we're just putting back in we did take
them out I'm not that bad of an owner
but seriously check this out this is the
cutest and funniest thing you'll ever
see the poor lil dude ah I feel so bad
guys I'm searching bud owner Swarek
reserved rod so did a good dog not right
there is the face of a dog who seriously
just hates his body owner chooses can
swim more hands corners okay feel bad
yeah you guys because oh yeah ready come
on let's get you on this kit you are but
we got to run make the dog one eternity
later ok guys so it's now the next day
right now basically the hot tub needed
like 6 hours we needed like six hours to
heat up so yeah it's the next day it's
quite Moody day today which you know
isn't necessarily a bad thing because
I'm ready to get in this but yes guys I
can confirm it is now ollie 2 and
already months is how exciting is this
so we got mom who is the audience and
then also we've got group though who is
literally he's just chillin monkey and
again well so it wasn't everyone send us
this on Instagram have on tag me in it
guys just like if you're excited
subscribe if you're new to join Team
mode we're here we go for mommy now I
was thinking how come against this hot
tub in specific in malls fashion wanting
to swim to my mind but oh my god why is
that so much harder it looks I wouldn't
do that if I with you my feet you're
gonna hear yeah how do a job I won't
Morgan I just getting it on seriously
look I just getting it 3 2 1 oh oh oh oh
oh my god
Jesus
nice freakin wall oh my god oh my god
you've got local address Oh Oh My Jesus
oh not even kidding your dice are they
so good tonight
oh my god it's demons you got a bubble
you say was the bubbles yeah are you
making me say was the bubble yeah my
company was it Morgan is because they
are so knows oh ha ha
I swear guys don't worry the temperature
is in that hot but we all do like brew
another term because it's only fair
no Bruno's gotta be involved too we obey
love that I can swear hello baby oh
please not call anymore Bruno's not cold
anymore oh I don't like to swim hello
drew there are turns my arms - I don't
know yeah not to over to its first time
okay guys literally about 45 minutes
wait I swear me and we'll have just been
in it with VIN Shawna is actually so
good it makes you feel so tired because
you're just so relaxed in there but yeah
I've got a feeling I'm going to be using
that like I kind of don't make sense to
buy a hot tub in silver for let's be
real it's never really someone in the UK
as a mom I'm going to use this loads at
night we are going to try and hook the
LEDs up to it however need to do some
messing about with the electric so we'll
get our sword though soon but I want you
guys to do is leave a comment in the
conversation tell me what you want me to
do with this hot tub why while the
holdout is loads of videos filling my
pool with stuff maybe tell me in the
comment section
what you want me to fill my hot tub with
because I definitely be down to do that
if you guys want it and be sure to
subscribe to the channel so you do not
miss the next hot tub video and also
enter the iPhone 7 giveaway which is
still running right now not long less
now Bobby link in the description where
you can enter and get loads of bonus
entry so check the description literally
right now but guys thank you all so much
for watching thank you mum for being my
camera woman thank you guys for being
awesome and I will see you in my next
video please out if you enjoyed this
video remember to subscribe love you
Sammy I don't forget to really like if
you have a 15 thanks for watching
peace out
