neither zero is zero
have you ever got into a fast-food place
seen a really nice looking picture of a
burger I'm talking scrumptious I'm
talking tender and then you order it
arrives you open it all it looks like a
soggy flip-flop I know exactly what you
mean and honest there is I do I'm not
gonna be able to eat it looks so big on
the picture and then you open it and
it's just tiny so guys today what we're
gonna be doing is pointing this to the
test we're gonna be going across the
globe actually just across we're gonna
be going across Sheffield going to some
of the most popular fast-food places
getting loads in different foods and
then open them up and seeing how they
look compared to the ads and I've got
feeling it's gonna be really really
surprising oh my god needs to go know if
you're new to the channel and you
haven't seen our faces before remember
to go down there and smash that
subscribe button
spread the word hit our subscribe Boyd
and while you're at it there's only two
more boys you can press so you know you
may as well leave a like and also turn
on notifications by clicking the Bell
well why are we thinking for a light
y'all you know what so massive one wants
that massive one the pressure to
pressure to two thousand twenty thousand
no 20,000 likes easy and let's see if we
can hear it guys twenty thousand no more
when you think of fast food places what
really comes to your mind McDonald
McDonald's is a definite we're going
down KFC is again it's up there we're
gonna definitely help KFC well do you
think King I think Burger King is gonna
be up there Eisenberg and I think this
one more main one in the UK that swings
to my mind let's see if it's the same
0:05 guys I'm never wrong you've never
had a five guy seems always have five
guys round at the house so Oh gorgeous
well you don't do you
anyway Morgan you know we've got half an
hour to get out get a cross Sheffield
and buy all this food before they all
close guys we all knew all the food
places right now without look at the
opening times we planned our ooh firstly
we're gonna hit up five guys then we're
gonna head along to Burger King
then we're gonna take a little detour to
KFC all loop a background into McDonald
and finally go up to Subway get the
goods there and we're all good but guys
what I want to know from you is which is
your favorite out of five guys have seen
McDonald's Burger King in subway or if
you have another favorite let me know
which one that is in the conversation
below most your favorite my Donnell's
cheeseburger McDonald's cheeseburger if
it was me I think got after yo four five
guys I'm not gonna lie remember to watch
the full video so you can see all the
food and we can see if it is really
gonna be a shock and it's gonna be oh
yeah so we've just got the five guys
first one down we ended up going with a
burger and a hot dog we're just heading
into the Burger King drive-thru right
now I think the main stuff you get from
baking is like the whopper I think
that's the main one so we'll get one of
them I don't know too much about doing
cooking Burger King dawn now what to KFC
but it KFC now we're in a bush that we
kind of bottled it we didn't really
prepare we've got a zinger burger and a
boneless banquet for one bad news guys
Subway's short we're gonna get
McDonald's though cuz they're 24 hours
but looks like no subway
this restaurant is temporarily closed
for maintenance I can have a big mug
please can I have a chicken legend and
then
can I also have an Oreo pull him inside
and then we can get started
absolutely absolutely absolutely but you
know I'll say absolutely no change in
the game so this is a new app called
quiz where you can collect stickers
cards unfinish all for free you can get
stickers from shows like Family Guy
Breaking Bad Star Trek even five nights
at freddys while I gives us some of them
a super-rad some little more comments
and when you get super round one it's so
cool and then you can use these stickers
to tag to your friends and there's loads
of unique ones that only quid has so I
like to use the month message and some
of the speakers are really fun a real
you leave there's also new stickers
released every single day for you to
collect okay guys so as you can see I'm
on the kwid up right now if you go into
the Explorer tab you can see all the
different pipes you can open I'm
currently collecting Adventure Time so
I'm going to open an adventure card back
I'm gonna open this pack here let's see
what we get let's get some stickers and
then you can see all the different
things you get in your pack all these
different stickers and then I can do
with all these different stickers is
send them to my friends using iMessage
it's so so cool however let's open one
more pack I'm gonna go for cow and sugar
because I remember watching this
literally all the time as we can see
loads more fun stickers which we can use
in iMessage it's literally so cool so
they'll be linked in the description
where you can download quid
to get a play it's a really cool book
right now what we're gonna do is move on
to the food I am honestly so hungry I
can't wait I'm gonna be definitely in
all this can be both since is bloody
melting let's get a McFlurry out of the
way and basically bomb on your screen
right now is a picture of the ad for an
Oreo McFlurry oh my god on the picture
is nicely spread all over it it's really
nicely mixed and then you look at this
and it's all on one side look at that
pure ice cream on that side all the
chocolate so I'm gonna give that a big
fat one I'm gonna get the - you've got
the quantity I think now you just get
the rest of the McDonald all the way
here we have a Big Mac and we're gonna
start with the barbecue chicken legend
now if we open this or let's show them
this one four star so this is what it's
looking like it looks oh my god it looks
a little bit dogs totally jumping out
are you is it like the presentation it
just looks a little bit like kind of
swapped together
and here is the picture the Knorr
chicken legend then to be honest
selections is all over the bloody place
on that one it's nicely coming out open
out the side better McFlurry but I'm
gonna start to give it a - - our turn
and it's floppy miss wonder got a bit
warm but it's not even an even inside
not much presentation I'm gonna give it
a 4 out of 10 suppose you meet Jimmy
here's a picture of Big Mac I'm sure
you've all seen a Big Mac picture it
just looks like that looks like the best
burger of all time so close or so
beautiful and here we are a real Big Mac
and we're gonna take they've even shared
the picture the big back on the boss
which is a risky move oh it doesn't too
much wait hold on a minute
oh no it is looking pretty floppy in it
oh no oh God that is actually
horrible huh look that that right there
is this is a big matches in it da da say
wolf in our last side there's no meeting
me on that side
cheese is poured everywhere by saint
pudding 1 keep that one a next food
McDonald's has let me down there ok next
we're gonna move on to cave see here we
have now we're in the drive-thru right
and we have literally five minutes to
order that we didn't have chance to
prepare so we're little gang zinger
burger and a and a would you call this a
boneless banquet for one through the
Xena booth looks really really squash
and I guess we'll start with this come
here is a picture of a singer burger on
the screen right now so on the picture
the chicken looks like so crispy and
beautiful the lace they're all just so
blowing even and perfect here everything
a burger in all honesty it's not it's
not looking its best that one the big is
the most lopsided warming thing I've
ever seen in my life
the lace is all over the place the
breads not very organized look at this
sesame seed bun there's loads of that
members just lean on man I can
break it oh oh my god please as high as
I can go for that what you say and here
we have the belma's banquet here's a
picture on your screen right now
oh babe oh this banquet Isaac good to
see you looks pretty damn good as you
can see is absolutely all over the place
the chips are okay I guess the popcorn
chicken is pretty good know what I think
this is probably the best one so far I'd
say oh I already said to everyone yes
Timothy accordingly the KFC is winning
the McDonald's it just before the other
batters in the bag was
terrible and then the bonus fact it's
probably been the only like good one so
far but it's Burger King gonna come in
and shut them both down west by now big
and you look big let's start with this
transportation could have been an issue
obviously but still we got a cheers if
it was because they have been grass you
got tomorrow would you basically jump it
out first airline lights coming out of
here the buns just off to the side no
salad all on this side and it is the
picture of these the the normal one and
I guess it's no good to see mom it's
really miss not good my presentation
might have darling it I'm gonna go for a
corner hiding or what are you gonna say
well I think it's big it's probably very
nice but just look very good don't wanna
be booked had the chicken Royale save
the day this is a long style burger
rough nice some for sherry that is the
picture of the art it looks pretty good
looks very nice and oh my god I think we
may have just found the word presented
one yeah that's one side geez flying
everywhere and that's the other side the
cheese is hanging in and then your last
side it's nowhere to be seen
the bird is all over the place I haven't
been very underwhelmed give her five I'm
gonna give it a five
I'm gonna give you a fine Barb's alright
yeah but now it's time for the final was
the one iron rain will do well because I
do look five guys it is of course five
guys right here so five guys kind of do
their babies a little bit differently
you pick the actual burger and the meal
that you want and then you actually pick
what size you have on it so instead of
just comparing we're gonna actually
Jewish the presentation for these two
will give it basically a mark out of ten
starting with the Bergen of this it's a
bacon burger with barbecue sauce onions
and lettuce so let's take a look oh god
oh my oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god oops oh my god it's
extremely moist Oh No
Oh Morgan the forget is actually what
I'm genuinely confused if it's like a
fork or not does this happen to burgers
when you wait it was just done
completely done
it's not because of the foil and cuz
we've liked it a while it's just all
soggy and dumb I tasted it in the bun
just thought like a soggy flapjack
thighs are 0 that is a 0
full on zero so I assume it's gonna be
the same with a hot dog unless you take
a look it's just shocking damp and just
oh it just looks so bleep what 15 quit
the old I mean they are nice I think you
do have them fresh still I may not
expect them to hold up belong within
like 30 minutes I mean I guess I'll try
it just all good guys there if about
them do you agree yeah I want fun to see
them no it just looks too something so
guys I think the order is five guys was
actually the worst surprisingly they
don't think it's gonna be McDonald's
then he's gotta be very good King and I
think what it's gotta be KFC to be
honest the bread and the lettuce just
seems you the worst ones I really was
excited about that I never had a I love
it it's just you just I've drove it
fresh yeah well guys that is the end of
the video it's actually been really
really interesting leave new polite very
minutes and then comparing them to the
odds and seeing how they look I was very
surprised fathers the bed because
everything will burn you just seem to
die but guys if this is the first time
you see me on your screen please
remember to hit us subscribe button down
below for more crazy videos just like
this I'm also smash allies the lightbulb
this video was 20,000 oh if you could
leave a like I mean you've watched the
full video you made well just to smash
the light while you're at it subscribe
Islands turn on notifications guys the
team oh shut up all this video getting
to Jonathan who says they actually found
my channel yesterday and he's gone back
on like five of my videos left alive on
all of
and he's also subscribed and turned on
my notifications though shout out to you
I'm glad to have you on the channel and
if you're on the shout out on the next
video
like subscribe and turn on notifications
also remember to download quiz there'll
be a link to it in the description below
it's a really really fun out one I've
been plate loads at the moment and
you'll definitely enjoy it but guys
thank you so much for watching and as
always I've involved you guys been
awesome and I'll see you in my next
video peace out if you enjoyed the video
then remember to subscribe to mug this
channel and don't forget to leave a like
and you happiness
