I'm gonna be staying in my own house and
hopefully no one will know just paste I
get another boy
Martin and Kira think I just went to my
friend's house for the night however in
reality I went round the back up this
ladder and here we are boys and girls
you guys loved my last video where I
spend the night in my girlfriend's house
without her knowing I was there so today
I'm back and I'm gonna be staying in my
own house and hopefully no one will know
however guys here's the twist instead of
just hiding from Kira I'm gonna have to
hide from Kira norm and Martin three in
one what all the way to the end of this
video because it will be my most intense
challenge ever I guarantee you it will
not be as easy as it sounds okay so guys
the time is currently 9 p.m. the
challenge officially starts now we need
to find a way to get inside the house
and I
once again oh my god
oh my god okay guys I think this is a
perfect time right now to go inside mom
is out there in the washing in that
means no the coast should be clear I'm
gonna enter the house through Cara's
bedroom I left the window open just
enough for me to get through let's do
this guy's here we go
oh my god oh my goodness guys that was
way too close mom is downstairs Tara is
literally right there in her bedroom I
don't know where the hell Martin is but
how the hell am I supposed to get into
the house Cara is there
that's my only way to get in if only
there was some sort of way I could get
Kira to move from that room and go
downstairs two more hmm a few moments
later hello Kara before we left I forgot
to tell mama I'm gonna need picking up
tomorrow and I've been calling her and
she just it's not answering her phone
but you may be going and tell her I love
you okay
Kara's distracted but guys we do not
have long we need to get in there quick
now I just need to shut the window guys
he's got tonight that stop it so rely on
it just expect me to keep driving into a
slide and so it's about board sake it's
just not so minutes drowned himself or
get him around anymore it's too much for
me guys here's what's a little things
just can you just take some of those
drinks up and pop them in the fridge do
it
oh my goodness
guys that was a close call
so guys we know that mom is downstairs
right now kara is in her room but we
still have no idea where Martinez bye
anyway guys in the meantime I think the
safest place to be right now is probably
the bathroom because the door has a lock
we are only 10 minutes into the
challenge I've already had way too many
close calls for my liking
oh he's been appalling however since the
last clip it literally just turned in
ten o'clock and guys it's been going
great
like I barely heard a single person mom
still downstairs kara still in her room
and I still don't know what Martin is
however if he stays these is this I
think I'll win this challenge easily
before me neva was a close one
I guess now we know where Martin is and
guys he didn't sound happy
I should probably move somewhere else
here we go just clear I'm gonna go into
the back bedroom I think we're safe
guys come on don't look at me like that
we all do poops from time to time I
don't think mine smelled that bad though
Kari reacted the exact same way in the
last video okay guys 30 minutes later
I've just realized I made a big mistake
you guys can probably tell I have a
really sore throat right now and I'm
supposed to take a tablet at the start
of the day and at the end of the day and
I forgot my flippin tablet it's
downstairs right now this may be the
best chance I get to retrieve my tablet
so it's time to initiate operation get
the tablet yo guys
the coast looks clear
more always roasts me
same breath every time I walk the dog -
she offers you a challenge in our
bedroom and not anybody else
oh my god I cannot believe what I have
just caught mobile more than doing it
looks like mum and Marcin have a secret
hobby that they don't want anybody to
know about
whenever no one's looking but my watch
peppa pig but guys it's okay though
right it's their little secret because
no one will ever know about it it's not
like I just caught it on camera
and I'm about to release it to all of
team mugs or anything ha ha ha nice 45
minutes later I just heard Peppa Pig
turn off I think mom um I might be going
to bed pretty soon
they just always drop stuff on the floor
Martin my teachers come in a minute low
my Kara Kara Kara come here who's this
yo guys it's small welcome to another
video don't forget to check out the moon
new empty set or offer there's a penny
offer do a mask on you our Mo's it just
gets on my nerves a little bit
sorry about that guys who just came over
me meanwhile that is Phil abused
victimized son I just didn't expect my
own family
to talk badly about me behind my back
Norma Kara Martin you made me do this
they said nobody likes the merch well
team orgs we're just gonna have to prove
them wrong right now as you're watching
this I just dropped my new limited
edition em do their magic hammer merch
if that's not enough by formally merge
as well to bits and merge in one this
merch is only going to be available for
water starting from our limited edition
link is in the description below let's
all show them that the merch swamp our
best okay so guys Martin and mum just
went upstairs I think they're getting
ready for bed hopefully nothing else is
going on up there and Kara is downstairs
right now I can hear her in the kitchen
I think she's getting some food so I
think the safest place for me to be
right now is upstairs
mic
guys this is just getting worse and
worse that's my birthday okay everybody
comment down below right now I should I
get morgues a birthday cake this is an
outrage
why did I have to his witness that
hahaha this challenge is going horribly
wrong okay guys so is 1:00 a.m. right
now I've just been chilling in my room
as you can tell I'm pretty sure mom and
Martin must be asleep right now unless
they're still watching Peppa Pig which
to be honest by the sounds of it they
probably will be however I'm pretty sure
Kara will be coming up and probably
going to bed pretty soon and unusually
me and Kara sleep in here which is my
bed but when I'm away Carrie usually
goes in the spare bedroom so I think
I'll be able to sleep in here tonight
but maybe she'll be sneaky and steal my
bed while I'm not here but guys honestly
this challenge so far has just been a
lot more crazier than the first one a
lot more obstacles to avoid a lot
oh no mascara no oh no no no no that's
my time it was she looking in someone
just like please full right and he's
like he's bad he doesn't either grateful
don't give other people is buying
himself and like worried the seats me is
so annoying I just feel like really
annoying reason they should be kind of
like irritating me but his voice makes
like the doors moves and stuffing a
hater I'm trying to sleep and he's just
like talking himself and it's still just
like loud and like shut up
I hate you your boys a new one I don't I
don't know if you've noticed this if
you'd like
stapled and stuff just like more washing
I don't like him please smell she was
just FaceTime another boy my best friend
Ryan what the hell
seriously when I started this challenge
I did not think everybody was just gonna
be talking crap about me behind my back
this has gone so wrong Oh No here she
comes again guys
anytime soon however one person that
will be waking up soon is mom she
usually wakes up about 7:00 in the
morning
super super early so this right now
might be my best chance to escape the
house this right here is about to be the
most intense part of the video so far
before I attend this guy's I need all
the good look I can get we are only
three hundred thousand subscribers away
from 5 million and when I hit 5 million
I'm gonna be doing this challenge again
in a youtubers house so I want every one
of you to smash that subscribe right now
to give me some good luck because what
I'm about to attempt is very very risky
oh yeah
leaving right through the place we
enters here we go
we need to go we need to go oh my gosh
guys we just completed the over night
challenge but way guys there's one thing
left to do his name's and his name's
John
they were super fun though I had such a
great time you slept in this bed that's
so nice of you Cara I really appreciate
you going to the efforts to sleep in the
spare bed for me
so will I just talking about so you kind
of wanted me to come back wow that's
some interesting isn't it guys anyway
well mom I'm gonna go watch some Peppa
Pig would you care to join me by any
chance are you sure I could I could've
swore you you you like it no Morgan now
you just watch it with you when you were
little so let's get this straight
you don't watch Peppa Pig oh well that's
very interesting isn't it daddy pig I'm
just gonna get in that ring you wants
anything oh gerrae
I wonder how Ryan's doing we haven't
spoke to Ryan in a a very long time have
we you mean
did you FaceTime yeah okay some in
behind sometimes watch it well guys
that's two out of two successful
overnight challenges also if you think I
should do this challenge on a youtuber
in a youtubers house comment down below
who you think I should do it on and
finally make sure you subscribe if you
are new and help me get to five million
subscribers
I've been mauled you guys been awesome
and I'll see you in my next video peace
out
