so as you guys know the prank wars
between me and mom there's been going on
now for a few months and as I'm sure
you're aware he's been you know a pretty
tricky time for Mom
and I think it's kind of clear who's
winning so far it's clearly mom I mean
she's done one prank on me it's been a
lot of fun so far I've clearly been
coming out on top and I thought hmm how
about do a video putting together all
the best moments from the prank wars so
I can basically just show you how much
Barrett Frankie rambling here so guys
sit back and relax and get ready to see
some of the best pranks you will ever
see in your life
okay make maybe nine your life on
YouTube but guys just before we start if
you're new remember to go down and smash
that subscribe button because I am
giving away this brand new iPhone 7 very
very soon and you can get loads of
entries by going down and subscribing
and if you want bonus entry sort of a
better chance of winning this iPhone 7
while you down there subscribe and hit
that like button and also turn on
notifications by clicking the little
bell and finally guys after you've
watched the full video I want you guys
to comment down below saying which your
favorite prank was from this entire
prank wars but I think I've carry you
guys away in long enough so without
further ado let's get started with the
video
close your eyes mind what we're doing
now this way don't do that in Morgan oh
my god
mine you can look what are you gonna do
if they come round okay let's play Villa
and it's not just me this time mum helps
as well have you done this
mummy molds of team dog to prank you
we thought we'd join up for once that's
a cage is this let's clean up we get all
this from what I see how much this cost
fifty fifty pound fifty pounds it's
falling its falling game this is
ridiculous this yeah my I have been
primed by mugs the first and last time
you know why
Morgan it was never going to be no
crackles Liam
go back in spray again whenever this
something really smelling
mom mom mom put the phone down right now
put the phone down right now right now
put it down right now
I'm not messing about mom right now
right now mom
mom all I'm gonna say is I've eaten it
oh my god like a minute you weren't you
were you were saying you were chomping
you could smell it yeah I never actually
sprayed it mom look at this this is a
Ferrari right
you see they basically offered this a
really really good price like really
really good deal where it's like a
monthly thing and basically obviously
because I'm 15 I've been thinking about
it for a while I'm like I've gave your
name
so like technically we both kind of own
it you own it don't look so this is
basically like it will be your car
yeah just selling your car it's not very
good anyway I don't care if you boy yeah
yeah well come on come on I've just been
doing my hair for the vlog I'm vlogging
today and you know you know you little
bathroom
your little bathroom basically you know
I used to be flooded
all right flood once yeah why they go I
heard running water but I didn't have
any taps on and I saw I saw a puddle
below the sink
well now I've been blogging I've gone to
the link it's really bad I'm not sure
did you hear me Walter where's all these
balls come true I thought I'd give the
room a little bit of a makeover
so why did I order frickin whoa - these
balls you know we sell I saw the ball
Pat thought the room you know this room
is just lacking a little bit you know me
my copy yes how you sleep 24 it's all
little wrong maybe painful okay okay
it's I don't know what it's doing burn
okay yeah yeah yeah okay Thank You
Morgan thank you
there's a lot of them yeah mocha the old
of them how honest are my dollies to be
honest know what you done if you've done
some well well you don't just go
downstairs and just tell me but if you
think that's wrong it was way way way
way way wives got seven pieces how many
can we use your card did you yeah I get
16 yeah like up too early
yeah yeah but what we're doing is a you
know Chris you know Chris Nate well
Chris is 18 yes and what we've done is
there's an apartment and you know la Los
Angeles yeah yeah he's bolted right
well he hasn't bought he's read the net
and him me and Josh you're going to be
saying that for a little bit not not the
full year what you mean I don't know
what you mean you mean you want to
commit service no like I'm gonna be go
in there for like half the year
no no well technically I can't legally
do now but I'm just going to be like
staying there for now but like what I'm
16 I just bought but for now just
believe yeah yeah I'm 16 and I said you
come you don't you know make it back you
don't I don't
: I'll make nothing
following your dreams
you've got your room you've got all what
was the point of any of this I've been
saying for months I'm gonna be good
speech your father about this so guys as
you can see we've got all the floats in
the pool donat in another debt down
there the second net nobody basketball
hoop thing here pretty nice but more the
question is do you want to go in the
pool gonna yeah you want to go in oh
cool
when do I go in the pool I'm gonna go
Morgan no don't got this
he said I can see it back these two dark
rye is in my garden it stood it top into
looking down can you see I've put the
lie on more did you know it do you know
I'm an open the door see if I can't see
in right you can't let me cut going I'm
gonna ring the police no you're pranking
me stop pranking me always welcomed by
ill offenders it somebody dressed on the
clown at the door who actually the scum
mum stop pointing this off like this is
real in any way shape a home of course
welcome what about the downstairs
Morgan Mahone I'm gonna look out and see
if I can see it why you dumb you just
dropped two cigarettes what you doing
with this cigarette what you doing with
a cigarette Morgan it's not what she
wear it wasn't a cigarette smoking no it
smelly breath hmm that's why you came
back to the car well you start with the
window down Gafsa give me that now give
me that cigarette I can't believe he
gives me that Morgan I can't believe
that you stopped smoking in the cloud
cover let me smoke in how long has this
been going on not how long this been
going on just a little sooner killing me
yeah honestly Morgan I'm furious with
you I'm furious
you're smoking are you drinking as well
if you got baccala whiskey or something
down there as well what about your hell
yeah you've got me looking at more let's
go over all this Morgan
I'm kind of looking at your giving you
good food and then you smoke it I'll do
these yeah I'm here having a mean
smoking a few putts give me that
cigarette now I'll tell you more good if
I see you with a cigarette one more time
I obviously can't control this so you
can have to go into foster care someone
else are you stupid
what about all the things they can do
see all the damage I can't believe that
somebody of your age intelligence would
be smoking honestly I just thought the
disgust offense it's either this here is
the hoodie bomb and basically I told you
I was always in a hoodie and here is I
wonder I'm gonna show you it basically
I'm never gonna ask you to like guess
how much it costs and like I've never
bought anything from this brand before
so I like I'm excited to look kind of
basic to you mom and dad obviously you
guys watch it but this is kind of wild
one there's just something really clean
there you go supreme oh wow what do you
reckon look at that - it looks pretty
mark to keep the hood up to hide my
buddy hair basket no basket
so long yes how much you reckon this
cost me that
sighs a joke no joke in don't think she
like well that's not very good is it
guys that's not very good at all where
do we even start
tell me how many take you the big
explain tell me come on don't explain
sweetie that's been a bit awkward I've
not known for very long nobody else
knows nothing trying to tell you before
so Magan um I've been telling you got
your room or don't want to talk to you
now you've spoilt the moment I'm telling
you something and you're just looking
like a cooker we're at spinning round
all right so to this point as you can
tell I did spot the camera and obviously
as soon as I saw it I knew it was 100%
of prank no I was gonna just tell that
seeing the camera and end it all there
bar thought why don't I carry on the
prank get really really angry yet really
really mean and reverse this whole thing
on mom and that is exactly what I did
and I know that's what feels like all
the animals calm down
coming to America that's it our fathers
about enough loose I'm going oh no I'm
living with that I'm fed up of this
I'm absolutely fed up of this why you
take it too far every time it's just
really this I don't want it I don't
wanna be arranged without ever be known
with it I don't
I'm gonna be eight I don't want to ever
know it I don't ever me and me if it
ever meets no I tell you I do I'll make
sure it doesn't want me ever again okay
it's not like you listen to me well I
wasn't going to listen to these words
before you angry for you anymore I'm
gonna go upstairs and pack my stuff I'm
getting everything and then I want to
live to dance in half an hour I want you
and the baby to never see me again ever
I'm going now so I'm you know better do
you understand me at all why do you come
back until sensibly about it just put
this thing together this has got a bit
you know that's the prank that's gone
wrong I think you're really brave ranch
I think it's gonna be I think it's gonna
really be there
go shut them down now
take it
they're not real no dude you're in the
kitchen yeah you can ask me just me just
football
things like that without asking come on
just go and do things like this skin 15
no more next week if you want something
else did enough for the end of money
yeah that's it I mean Olli was not ready
to speak to him about this now anything
you could just want women are tattoos
don't ya and it'll do it right I need to
know his number and I need to speak to
Martin high five potential advice oh my
god look they've got him in the water
honestly I said is such a deep sleeper
let's just leave him now I'm gonna have
some breakfast ageing the pool cleaner
cleaning oh my god this is so amazing
we just squirts him now wake him up we
can't leave them all day come yeah yeah
yeah go on go for it
it's gonna kill us what he sees this is
gonna help me so he'll not believe we've
done it
crank off crank off wars mom and Martin
yeah yeah yeah yeah but Martin's doing a
close-up on him as well getting back for
everything that he's done to you
No
Malcolm awesome what you doing in there
I'm actually so mad about this I can't
believe you shot me what I said like
that was actually true like I did shoot
him and he got me back for it which you
know I'm not about I'm real happy
brother if you enjoyed the video then
remember to subscribe to mugsy's channel
and don't forget to leave a like if you
have a big penis thanks for watching
peace out
