24 margarita pieces 100 pounds 18 before
Marberry your control oh you'll conduct
yoru and the doc lining up with a lot of
them hello guys i'll welcome back to
another prank video and i literally so
excited for this one because if I can
pull this off this is probably going to
be the best prank I have ever done all
I'm saying is you all not want to miss
this video and the reason this kind is
going to be so good is because mommy is
going to be the war basically pranking
herself and if you don't know how I'm
going to do this I'm going to tell you
in just a moment but before that guys if
you're new to my channel this is the
first time you feel this voice on your
screen remember to go down there and
smash that subscribe button we are on
the road to 3 million subscribers and
we're literally like over 4 the way
they're making mud movements guys go
down there and hit our subscribe when to
join team orgs and if you go down there
and subscribe you will be automatically
entered into an iPhone 7 give away all
your do is subscribe and if you want
bonus entries into the iPhone 7 giveaway
leave a like on this video and also
click the bell turn on notification but
let me explain to you how this prank is
going to go down and trust me it's going
down
now if you don't already this is going
to be a piece of prank on wall this is
how I want it to go I don't think it's
going to go all the way like this but in
an ideal world I'm going to go
downstairs I'm going to say someone
coming order some pizza she's going to
be like Oh show more group clothes you
can and I'm going to say to our been
having problems with my cards though can
I borrow yours to order some pizza she's
going to say yeah well you know of
course you can use my cart and then I'm
going to come up here order like 20
pieces on her card and she will have
agreed to the entire thing and then the
pieces are going to be delivered she's
going to go down and expecting one visa
for me she's gonna see a million
different boxes and she's going to be
like well I mean if the pieces guys
stood down doubt she's just gonna go
like that but you know she'll probably
freak out a little bit so yeah guys I
assume now you understand that if I can
pull this off this is literally going to
be the best prank I have ever done this
brains behind this one I actually get
her to say yet more ghen you can order
pizzas on my car it doesn't
bottom pieces on a car this is genius
and then either go down as you freaking
out I can just be like yeah well you
said I've been doing so I don't know why
I get angry no I'll subscribe to the
channel right now if you think I can
pull this off because you know me guys I
don't think I've ever failed a prank in
my life so I'm pretty sure momma's gonna
be getting a big fat pranking today now
guys I think it's time we initiate step
one of this prank I'm going to switch
over to my smaller camera go downstairs
plug the smaller camera as I go into the
room and then I'm going to basically say
to mom I've been having some saw
problems with my car ask you if I can
order peeps on her car do you going to
say yes Morgan there's my car come on a
pizza I'm going to come up here or the
people we can get this makes 10 solid
guys leave a like you're excited I am
literally so excited because if I can
pull this off this one's going to go
down in history let's get this piece of
prank started okay guys I've switched
over to the smaller cover right now
that's why the quality may have got a
little bit different but let's get a
nice close-up oh yes mom is in the
kitchen a few floors down we're to go
down and find this little camera and
then we're going to get phase one of
this prank started
it also announced when nobody automatic
pornography actually cultivate are not
really focus on search market has an
original vision
don't be trying to manage double parking
playful moment about earlier welcoming
work for me so much crap up see you just
put wrong them and I don't worry he's
comfortable overly large boilers do I
know for you guy just peace peaceful
people my peace that's like Donna young
lot on the PCO
alright man easy just like that most
just want to like agreed that I can
order all these features to agree to
game front for idiots with nice bad way
hmm and now guys this is why the film is
dark I'm going to get online let's first
look at emotions let's see what if it
please the places we can find the
dominoes not but maybe we'll get some
more like a local one a little bit
cheaper or maybe we go all out and we
just buy like the most expensive not ok
ok I don't want to I don't want to crush
up well yeah we got options let's take a
look guys so I've found a website guys
on just a bit just the really cheap
margarita pizza so I think I'm just
going to go with this there we go that's
it
I saw one just just one piece so that's
it adds to basket that's it I thought
all again just one piece of the one
piece of prone called mom told I was
going to order a pizza
she said yes come any order of pizza
what a plan that would be no guys
obviously we're going to be ordering
more okay I need to add more margaritas
how does this work I'm gonna have to
manually add 20 guys just absolutely
bloody terrible in real
add another one our northern add another
one
seven a nine tens we stopped at ten
literally do we think Tenzin or tell me
guys sighs naughty there's no nothing I
mean come on eleven well worthy
involving living okay yo fifteen is a
lot okay I think 15 is where we just
have to draw the line like we can't do
more than 15 like this just 21 15 16 18
19 20 yo okay 20 is where we got to draw
a line at 20
so anyone wanna do 23 24 100 pounds 18
24 margarita pieces guys it's going down
it's going freakin down for real guys
actually doing some foods on identify
the pewter so we can say we were chicken
kabab let's just add that money for
values in the chicken kabab guys
absolutely hilarious
now guys just before order this raises a
few things I need to say number one I'm
going to pay mom back for these pieces
right I'm gonna order on a car but I am
going to pay a back after the video
right so don't go say it you can't be
doing that team you can't be healing her
I know it's pretty tired but you know
it's a prank I'm number two we are going
to be used in all these pieces don't
worry we're going to be giving them away
he and obviously some of them myself but
we're not gonna be wasting and even guys
I know a lot of you guys will be like or
any type comments down there say more
why you wasting pizzas we're not wasting
in my eye buddy delete your comment and
comment good video or something
shouldn't make me feel good oh my god
fine is it done is it done Yoli stones a
stone 24 margaery apiece so scanning and
then a chicken grilled kabob with salad
chilli sauce but no garlic sauce 106
pounds okay guys the pieces are all
ordered as you know everything is
literally going to plan like it couldn't
have gone any better
now we just gotta wait 45 minutes for
the pizzas to arrive don't our surprise
mom it's going to be amazing guys I'll
see you in 45 minutes drop a like and
subscribe if you're excited good I'm
freaking excited so subscribe if you're
excited guys see you in 45 minutes later
guys
my god I've just pulled out over here to
here to here to here to here to here to
here before Marbury 24 I want to go too
long it'd be peaceful
okay okay okay yeah yeah yeah okay Thank
You Morgan thank you we lost them yeah
Marquez all of them holy
oh no what you told him you've just won
well you don't just an L said you just
tell me that if you think that's wrong
well I was more worried why was your
swim in pieces how many more use your
card
did you what I actually recorded me
anyway I was just walking I was walking
I swear I was just oh my god Oh what the
hell
no great voice for the ball is actually
killed on doing the bold is just one
chicken kabab as long with the visas
nothing's away today I came on your card
I don't know why this amenity I think up
with 24 quantity it was all I mean if I
what I said look at the price yeah no I
did look at the prize I just I click the
bonds quite fast it was 107 pounds under
what you are yo this car myself in it
cannot yet long and you try you will not
put up my my money I mean you've got a
lot of pieces listening to me Ryan HP
when we're turning on earlier I came
into your kitchen I came into the
kitchen and said can i order some pizza
on your car I never specified how long
Charlotte piece and that's like one
piece my boxer we got mine mine 24 your
dream to this moment let's just try put
it open alive you agree well to me
ordering some piece on your cloth
you shoulda said out a lot because I
thought you meant 24 second transfer
some money then we'll just was gonna be
an hour for Monica always gosh it's a
three move I don't know I mean I don't
me at my door myself a kebab John yeah
well you never even asked for some
flowers announcing war war what kinds of
Lee this was surprised I go in the most
basic ones yeah good old margaritas yeah
every single one
I'm excited laughs I just still think
it's funny you go it'll serve with
trouble pose to a little time now I'm
ready
Oh kid mom you just join it no you're so
smart right
is it on a frightful I'm going agreed to
do this together
Oh what reason you just spent my money
those are my feels agree to it you
obviously know this in a special oh my
god you did agree to it I don't bring
these yeah well can we agree to I swear
to god I told about good old pizza play
boy why dressage is just on me you
agreed to this you can go home you can
get to your room and the doctors lining
up with a lot of you and I'm nice to
everybody I know that though it
achievement wandering advisor the
probably neither no sage there's no way
you're going to know about my money
you agreed to me feminine you often ate
all your ask me it's what I was busy
doing something can the other piece and
I'm not one of these actually I've got a
hose recorded and they can see you we're
not busy you were just stood in the
kitchen agree really insane video with
you anymore you just steal things to
humiliate me you could release told me
one that got some bloody toxins are
lingering I'm not crying I'm saying you
could've at least knows what in you I
can't believe you must be a grown Oh is
the key I will research II don't even
walk shy look at you mom I've got it
I've got something to say yeah it's just
surprise personation many crown jewel a
surprise mother pram though you've spent
a hundred and a lot hundred seven
brought well you must like enough peace
and also summoned for the next United
look I'm gone I will tell you I'm taking
Micah Babu I'll see you later
yep yeah
development ii saw through walls
laughing calling you boss induces when
we call today i want to nothing for the
mom mom mom I'm Gavin accompany me more
more am I wrong come on Morgan Arsenal
spent mama I'll say that you're my car
you are take them on my car and Martin
no mine was involved by paid them on my
car ok mine wasn't involved you won't be
involved city I know it's one card was
actually what be your reward mine right
what are these that come on market and
you look for a fancy trying to get
Martin included in it yeah nothing to do
with it honestly but I don't know
actually no not pretend you spoke up on
it then you haven't apparently spread
euros and I want to see these you see
all this finish not silly old bumpers
got yourself a keeper and you didn't
even order one piece with some toppings
on it right well no if you don't finish
them all we are going to give them to
people we're not wasting them button oh
yeah we're just gonna wind around our
way anybody want margaritas I mean it
wasn't for the pieces I think we're
gonna be able to giving jello be happy
now no there's more more I forgot about
these he's the bigger on well guys I've
got my meal right here mum's over there
just tissue she's making a star I hope
your mind on Britain I because you've
got a lot of Pisa
no but guys this is where I'm gonna end
this video it's been a really funny
prank I said before is it all work House
budget dollars bill I was a foolish
pranks and it works exactly how I
expected you literally said you said to
me yeah take my card and all the pizza
and then I ordered pizza no more frill
guys if you enjoy they remember to hit
that subscribe button down below if
you're not already I'll leave a like on
the video if you've enjoyed comment down
below what times you want to see on the
publish and we're saying this one she's
in the room buffet you read the comments
so you see the pranks as well so guys we
prank ideas in the conversation below
for me I'm a mom I guess
said guys if you're new remember to hit
I subscribe on to the channel and also
enter the iPhone 7 giveaway which is
still running they'll be linked in the
description waken answer I want to say
again guys we're not going to be wasting
these pieces for real longer be allowed
to burn it if we can't finish don't
worry guys are not gonna be waiting it
well guys I really enjoyed the videos
thank you all so much for watching and
as always I've involved you guys been
awesome and I'll see you in my next
video please
oh if you enjoyed this video remember to
subscribe to margies channel and don't
forget to leave a like if you have a big
penis thanks for watching these are
houses
