that is a lot of marshmallows right
there come on guys and welcome back to
another video today we're gonna be
filling our pool with 10,000
marshmallows you could say this video is
gonna be very very tasty today me and my
mom are gonna be filling our pool with
absolutely loads of marshmallows and
then we're gonna be doing loads of
tricks with all the marshmallows in the
pool guys it's gonna be so fun oh my god
I just push you man I think you got
probably there well I mean we get in the
pool anyways so it's all good oh well no
guys if you don't know already I am
giving away yes giving away an iPhone 7
to one of you and you may be thinking
how to enter this how much is it to
enter this guy's it's completely free
not the way you enter this giveaway is
through the link in the description
below want to other things you have to
do to enter this giveaway is subscribe
to my channel by clicking the subscribe
button down below and also turning on my
channel post notifications by clicking
the little bell next to the subscribe
button and also leave a like why you
down there mom how many lights are we
thinking for this video 42 like slicin
thousand yo yo boy 2000 likes but what
we're gonna do right now is head off to
the shop because we need to actually go
and get the marshmallows now the thing
is we don't really know where to go that
actually does marshmallows like we think
it's a normal supermarket would but we
haven't actually accounted this problem
yes mamma Majan if we just couldn't find
marshmallows and then we're like oh all
right guys looks like we're not alone in
the video there's a little around the
corner we're thinking little must have
some marshmallows we're gonna head them
up right now guys let's do this
guys it is so warm today but we've just
arrived a little after we mom ha ha
marshmallows we're coming for you don't
think you can hide from us marshmallows
what comment we're gonna scan the shop
and we're gonna try and find the
marshmallows we're on that we're on the
lookout and so is my intestine so guys
as you can see we found some
marshmallows this is all marshmallows
down here a few pounds of fat I think
we're gonna get about 100 packs we're
gonna just keep loading them all
and I thought look at the chili I think
that's enough we're gonna fill up all of
them can't believe we just stupid aren't
we guys drop away five stupid we are
marshmallow cocktail how many are in
this bag like 100 200 probably big bag
there and we got like hundred bags of
them guys a lot of marshmallows right
there just say run like a sugar blow out
there this is our cheat day so guys
we're just loading up the boot right now
well I'm same we Mahna Mahna I'm saying
they're doing nothing but you know my
excuse is that I'm talking to you guys
you guys like saving me from having to
do real work here a few moments later
guys you've arrived back at the villa
we've got the marshmallows now we have
to take them in bag by bag well not
literally bag by bag but like you know
what I mean we're gonna take them all in
to the villa
seriously guys let me show you where
we're gonna be putting on this is a
pretty big fools I'm not sure we're
gonna be able to fill it all but we have
got a lot of marshmallow so it's gonna
be really interesting here you can see
the marshmallow is all on the couch
Martin he's just bringing in is that all
of them no oh we've got more guys but
yeah as you can see they are absolutely
everywhere we have got so many
marshmallows
two hours later hi guys so Marty's
Marty's asleep sorry
Morgan's asleep bogans asleep it's been
asleep about two hours and so what we
thought we'd do is rather than just a
WOM trunk with a marshmallow why not - -
so we're gonna get the marshmallows
we're gonna stop them on him while is
asleep so Marcin what was your news was
hit and load with the marshmallows into
this sack did it it it Oh Dina very
strict Martin's eating quite a few of
them does Morgan said you want to tell
me a bit of a nap and to wait look in
two hours now two hours so we're gonna
go now and we're gonna wake him up go to
wake your boyfriend in all these
marshmallows on his head right Martin
that's your breakfast breakfast in bed
really nice Morgan nice try it I should
have seen this company may you mess up
and stop eating in bed
I'm guessing it's time to do that for
video yeah yeah well what the bloody
hell we do Me's I'm gonna sell for the
video YouTube writing guys I'm all I'm
all awake and it's time we get this
video started leave a like if you're
excited so over there we've got our bag
literally filled with the marshmallows
the ones that literally just got dumped
on me and over here we have loads I'm
talking loads more bags of marshmallows
which was gonna now empty everything
into this bag services legs are gonna be
a Santa sack of marshmallows and then if
we just got to eat them all yep we're
just gonna sit down here and we're just
gonna eat them all that's all gonna do
it in mind
leave a like if you're excited to
subscribe if you're new let's do this
oh just like that we are now done okay
make me check guys as you can see this
bag is overflowing with them
we've got twirly ones we've got circular
ones I think there's even somebody
square ones in here all different colors
and shapes how beautiful thank eyes now
we have to do the hard pass the one task
that is actually harder than getting mom
to stop eating them getting the bag of
them outside later okay guys so as you
can see we're outside right now but I've
just noticed something mom what the hell
are you wearing
well this is my marshmallow protection
sooo marshmallow protection yeah but
Morgan what are you wearing well my
wound yeah so it weird that you asked
I'm just wearing my it's wearing my
marshmallow protection suit it's not
good it actually looks a little bit
feminine and girly we'll be good
oh well isn't it I got the wrong one
guys let's get this marshmallow filled
pool filled okay guys so we're in the
pool right now as you can tell mine is
there and that's because he's got the
shock of marshmallows with him and I'm
obviously in the pool do you see where
this is going I've got a good idea where
this is going
Martin is gonna drop the marshmallows on
me from up there and guess what we're
gonna get it in slow motion guys are you
ready
mommy you're ready you ready you ready
ready let's do this
like trying to get away
watch this this is like my dream this is
spot logs is dream oh my god this is
slimy there's this slimy what are you
doing
I'll see you doing oh but on the edge
shut your mom yeah
do you want some ice cream and a joke in
nose always just me in a circle and
there just rolls around who's this guy I
want in there this guy's like one hair
that's like okay I like Morgan hell no
I'm saying come on we pushed them all to
one side the pool and I do a jump off
the top yeah let's do it boys and girls
I'm girl guys we've got a pool filled
with ones and bass mellows and I'm gonna
jump in three two one
I literally missed them all so the ball
spit it to the bag are they running away
from me why can't we be friends
marshmallows smarting the real question
is bro are you down to jump in world
Force's oh they never let the team down
Kubo make it a good one three two the
m11 MIT
it's a marshmallow explosion I still
cool yes bro
yo don't mind me I'm just I'm just on
the float in a please marshmallow pool
yeah I don't mind me you know cuz you
all there in one little section yeah you
know one thing can I was think about
this for a while because they're all
here in the corner I think what I'm
gonna do is I think more I'm just gonna
bomb into them
no I think I'm just gonna bomb in
Sunkist you are in the corner make sense
just oh my god
oh my god they're getting kinda locked
in here huh let's do a little challenge
come here listen you can eat like the
buster
three you don't want do you mean one I
mean I don't disagree with guys I've
been working on something right
teleportation I've been working it for a
while and I think I've mastered it city
what is teleport we've been leading
video proof of teleportation - no exist
video proof right there oh you got fried
I mean you didn't really get pushed into
the marshmallows like I guys like the
19th time I've put you into the pool
this holidays how does that make you
feel chilly today you feel a little bit
silly mom calm down
you're okay
I've got my camera they can't push me in
I'm invincible
okay guys so the marshmallow pool is
time to clear away right now this is
literally crazy like they are so squidgy
and like this you just touch them they
just pop out I did have been so cool
though so I've been one of my childhood
I'm same childhood but I mean I'm still
a child but it's been one of my
childhood dreams just fill a pool with
marshmallows or just things get loads of
marshmallows in one place and boys I
live in the dream right now I mean not
kind of right now because I marry oh my
god look like that's you a few minutes
ago we were living the dream yeah guys
think we're gonna start cleaning them
away now this is literally so many so
like it has been so fun guys comment
down below what you want us to fill the
pool up with next or if you want us to
do something different with a pool you
know what
subscribe to the channel right now if
you love marshmallows because I want to
know is you guys love marshmallows like
I do because I know out my favorite
things and I think there will be like
all guys's favorite thing too because
who doesn't love marshmallows long you
love marshmallows thank you and guys
just like that a brand spankin new pull
grip the marshmallows
how did you take them how could you do
to subscribe mugsy's channel and don't
forget to leave a like if you have a big
penis
