I'm gonna be going to the beach building
a sandcastle and trying to stay in it
overnight
the tide generally if you feel like
we'll talk
yo guys in small time today I'm gonna be
going to the beach building a sandcastle
and trying to stay in it over nice Sun
guys this challenge has never been done
before I have no clue what's gonna
happen Morgan
the reason it's never been done before
is because it's a really silly idea
you're probably going to end up getting
washed away into sea and we'll never see
you again
guys I've a feeling this challenge is
gonna get crazy watch till the end guys
to see if I will survive this challenge
now seeing as this is a survival
challenge we need to get some supplies
okay
obviously we're gonna need some shovels
shovel for you shovel for me no okay
looks like I'm having the smaller one
guys Morgan Kira
Morgan Kira you do realize that I can
see your dona that the boards are
actually see through he yes
professional builders on second thought
guys maybe I should have got some actual
professionals here we go
mom get me fake quick mom my mom my
mom's just just stop for a sec yeah boy
on a beach oh but when did we get oh
we're on a beach Cara yeah but you need
that every little healthy well just in
case we run out of Sun we've got some
more
that's it hard oh come on it's not going
to dig itself mine come on chop-chop and
go okay it's all you got
come on put those arms to use Baldy
let's go chop-chop
here they are building and they're not
too happy top we have Morgan Martin and
Bob moving our house it all seems to be
going very well so you up the Builder
the council spoke too soon guys abort
abort
hi this is MTV Cribs Morgan there's not
much space in there
oh there's enough is enough opals I
think see this is an all-kill H ah I'll
collect you architectural masterpieces
enough space for like seven people in
here seven ants maybe maybe two dogs
pokes the post could fit in inside over
the sand castle we have boring as you
can see we've got the finest of blue
carpet ever known to mankind that is
made out of the premium
I'm glad you asked under the carpet we
have installation to keep the water out
we have insulated the crib that's how
serious we're going with this insulation
but I've never heard of insulation and
you may have heard me say this is a
serious bill well it doesn't get more my
favorite teddy bear Oh Ted
obviously we want to keep the inside of
the house clean and tidy as possible
soon as that's where we're gonna be
sleeping tonight so outside here we have
the eating area free of the most finest
furniture available known to mankind and
we're gonna need food throughout the
night so we have a southern fried
chicken burger a pack of bananas and
then grill well walkin for a hole in the
ground this is very impressive may I ask
how much was it well this house here is
not only decorated to its finest this is
made out of some of the finest materials
these walls won't be breaking any time
soon looks stable to me yeah it needs a
renovation
well Morgan it looks like the challenge
is about to start
I can't wait it's gonna be so much fun
isn't it got a bowl there to clean and
no fish needs a walk the goldfish needs
a walk
hey hey
come on right Kari you can stop we're
going we're off tonight Donald
they may have a five bedroom house but
we've got our mansion over there we
don't need a house yeah we just need a
hole okay guys so it's just turned
midnight it all honestly guys this is
really really creepy we didn't even
think about the fact that me and Cara
are literally alone on a beach in the
middle of nowhere can I add there is
nothing here no please no Armed Forces
no McDonald's it's just a page but
luckily for Cara I'm a man who knows how
to treat my woman I have brung a
southern fried chicken sandwich and a
grill and we're about to light this bad
boy all so I can provide for my lady I
need to put food on the table I need to
put food on the wrong oh god this is
super dangerous we got it we have made
fire
terror any idea what we do now do we put
stuff on it maybe if you get the snack a
bit on the fire okay what could possibly
go over okay so you saying just put on
the fire then yeah yeah just yeah so
what's happening now just cook I think
so I think we just waited just like how
much smell it almost feels like we're
doing something wrong but I just can't
work out what a few moments later Wow
Cara this sure does look great I think
I've cooked it to perfection there was
succulent pieces of chicken breast in
there yeah I know this looks great
honestly I'm having such a good time
your favorite food there you go baby I'm
a man who knows how to care for his
woman dinner is served
or no one will ever know about that
don't worry we can try again next time
walking no more then please don't do
that please
didn't you pee in that sand earlier we
have to notice going on is it Mugen
please don't you that's this whole thing
oh you make me actually want to throw up
that's just good good stay there okay
yo so guys this be in about an hour as
against how it is now completely pitch
but we are relying on our one light
source that is literally it and we've
kind of run out of things to do guys so
I've got my laptop here and I thought
why don't I go on my laptop and watch
some YouTube because you know who else
is there to do watch some YouTube maybe
watch the morgues you know watching Kara
Bridget let's see okay just gonna enter
my password guys only I can find the
Wi-Fi Oh yep there it is Beach oh my god
no we need a password right Beach
oh wait let's login to the beach Wi-Fi
that's amazing yo guys go to your
nearest beach parlez-vous go Wi-Fi
channel
well good fight God Jos not here right
now she'd kill you she hates us mom if
you're watching this I made your channel
guys it is now the dark hour free yeah
where all the monsters come out and the
our youtubers happen to get a lot of
views anyway guys one thing we have yet
to consider is the tithe
you often hear a lot of scary stories on
the internet about how the tide comes in
swoops kids away and they are never
found
okay and as you can see you guys the
tide has already come in a lot it's
coming in every single minute closer and
closer i noblemen tired expert but this
could be a problem as you can see you
guys kara is right that hide is
literally their carriage you think this
might be a problem I haven't done it in
a few years so I don't know what about
you yeah but you can't doggy paddle out
of a current carry or get sucked away
guys if that tide keeps coming in
stronger and stronger this may be the
last video you ever see from morgues and
if that is the case guys real 700,000
subscribers away from 5 million and if I
die for 55 million story I'm gonna be
angry so you better all go down there
smashed a subscribe on guys my one wish
on death is they hit 5 million
subscribers hey hey what's up Stu I'm
dying for nothing Oh a favor ok guys the
time is like free 56 I think something
like that it's been almost an hour since
the last clip now guys we really didn't
plan it off for this challenge a main
source of light just ran out guys we're
down to my phone screen and my phone is
on 22% guys so you know what I don't see
any other option than what I'm about to
do do not try this at home kids
oh my gosh oh my gosh y'all kids don't
play with fire seriously guys this
challenge is actually pretty deadly it's
freezing cold the tide has come in like
five foot in the last 10 minutes this is
seriously tricky guys guys guys guys
guys I just went for a wee in the corner
I've came back she is fast asleep right
now should I leave the tide is getting
close I don't know if you can see but
it's about 6 feet away I think if I wake
her guys she's just gonna be in more
discomfort maybe if I leave her asleep
that's probably the more caring thing to
do is this challenge seriously not as
easy as it sounds I love you baby it's
gonna be ok don't worry
could got through this together love you
guys the tide hadn't reached this spot
right here on the floor about 15 minutes
ago
and now it's completely risen over it
the tide is only a few feet away from
the castle guys but the challenge is to
stay in it overnight and we've got to
try and do it wishes look guys please if
you haven't already subscribe to the
channel
this is serious guys the time is 556
tides here this is it I'm gonna have to
wait care up here still asleep over
there I'm really scared guys cara cara
cara cara cara wake up cara cara the
tide say away cold carrot wake up the
Seas here kara wake up just chill just
till we go chill that twisted Tara just
trusted the structure what do you mean
Twista structure here oh just trust the
structure do you mean trust destruction
I lost my phone charge walking first
Estrada's new options falling oh my god
watch out watch out watch out watch out
watch out watch out what's up oh my god
watch out watch out watch out watch out
watch out
what's how tell me to be careful don't I
go back if I could make it back
oh my god
Oh
how I'm still here
Oh
come on
Oh
Oh God okay my god wake up wake up wake
up wake up charge where the stuff what
the hell do we do my ankles really bad I
think my broker it's really bad for the
hell we do
