mine is looking like a sheet of darkness
just beautiful hello guys and today
we're gonna be duct taping the entire
pool and I know you're probably thinking
mortgage that doesn't seem like a really
normal thing to do so today guys what
we're gonna do is have a bit of a
competition who can duct tape this
entire pool the fastest me more boring
look you guys made him that insecure
he's wearing a hat today guys let's do
this - guys how do you know I'm doing an
iPhone's that's the wrong shadow ball
I'm doing an iPhone 7 giveaway right now
on the channel the way you enter is by
the link device in the description below
but two of the things you have to do to
enter it are subscribe down below so if
you're not already subscribed to the
channel right now and also leave a like
on the video the lie down there turn on
notifications for my channel cuz I'll
give you some extra entries by clicking
the Bell iPhone 7 giveaway like
subscribe and check the link let's do
this as you can see from the second
camera this free different section the
deep end the middle end and the shallow
end
now obviously the deeper the pool gets
the harder it's gonna be to tape it cuz
you can barely touch the poor one can't
even touch the floor
haha so what we're gonna do is we're
gonna make it random who gets each end
and whoever gets the shallow end is
probably gonna win come on we've got the
shores we've got a number one a red one
and a green one and me and Martin you're
gonna pick at random to see who gets
which the red is the deep end the amber
is the middle end and the green is the
shallow end over there with number
oh it's answer okay I'll take that he's
got either the best end to get or the
worst end to get so my and go ahead bro
well yes yes oh wait why am i
celebrating so I think he's fast to say
the favorite to win right now is
probably mom but what one you guys to do
is comment in the comment section below
telling me who you
things gonna win me Mom are mine sales
team eonni on team ahi mine Teemo let us
know in the comment section below that
rhymed let's get on with the video
okay guys quick pit stop
you don't want mine you don't even have
to wait you can just carry on I'm not
even bothered about you how well mines
gone
I mean it's peasant mines but like bit
of a mess isn't it I'm sorry mom I want
to be nice well yours didn't even much
better than mine
my mind is absolutely terrible eight
guys so his ball they just made him do
really bad mistake
they won't see I've got the dodgy
sticker it's going on and we've got a
long way to go so we're gonna be here
for a while month is the more than me
but edges the body mask - beautiful and
elegant mine even done any it should
draping the poor anyone who commented to
mine is like oh damn right now guys big
problem I just dropped the seasons down
there into the pool which means I'm
gonna have to get we're going to try and
get them not good news guys Martin has
decided to come over here and start by
me I think you just wanted to copy mine
from a better perspective to be honest
he's definitely this chart copy mine
aren't ya still just cracking along we
just nobody sure about that
teamahma like oh oh I'm gonna have to go
get these scissors and get wet so I'm
quite happy but mine on the other hand
is looking beautiful it doesn't make it
I am going to oh I genuinely I'm in love
with this she's gonna win in terms of
time winning performance to be honest
I'm not gonna lie
mine looks like a winning performance
throughout the pool right now I'm just a
little minds seem to have collapsed
again the mine it was absolutely amazing
as you know mom has done loads like
absolutely loads more than those
buttheads they're all separated and
they're all just kind of drooping but
you know I'll give you props and you
gonna technically win the race
but yours don't look very good compared
to mine so if I can finish them all like
that I think mine is going to look
amazing like what I think I'm gonna
bully claim the winner in care I'm just
gonna pull to check the time and just
like check everything we're getting kind
of low on tape yes but it's been pretty
pretty interesting so far it's been
quite fun but very very long to mine
what are you doing
he's been literally stood up there for
the last 20 minutes getting there this
is I'm a baby right here
I'd say guys that's half way a little
bit less than halfway done just about
donors but I ain't even latter of this
wing because hers
literally 82% of birds have died look at
all these look at them gah
look at them look at them in charge of
this die is absolutely more seriously
why guys she's gonna be mum right now
I'm thinking she's fast
but she's just horrific you are she
doesn't like she's done it fast and
quick but it looks horrific it's almost
as bad as mine over who's really slow
I'm still horrific
mine he's looking like a sheet of sheet
of darkness just beautiful
what something right now looks almost
finished turns like she's your little
section long story short mom's gonna win
with this yes it was amazing I just was
getting to the side yeah take the pool
because there's huge gaps and it's not
even done yeah I don't take pool yes you
got yeah nobody disgrace and that is
just a pile of duct tape in the pool
just doing with that if you want to come
buddy do the worst job hold on mine's
one who can do the worst job you one who
can do the second worst job your eyes
along every step of the way these guys
on that I'm not suffering but anyway
guys going to the shop to get some more
tapes because we've kind of run out a
little bit call it down below morgue
deserves the wind right now because I do
okay guys I've just done a few more
minor things literally just pulled up
barriers in the car as you can see
there's only a small gap now I've really
got to fill until I get someone's Mars
but to be honest obviously mom's already
warned got to the end burners to ball I
think I still deserve the wind for doing
this so damn well a few moments later
I'm guys we are now dawn beholder a
minute I think this I mean there's one
thing I need to do who is so cool I
serve a kitchen will my I've got just
one thing to say okay an amazing it
means like what conditions when I
envision what's cover the pool table
yeah whose looks like the real without
pain nice martyrs and Morgan did you
slap mr. perfection and then this is
like the best one oh yeah
just calling on one who you think
deserves the win who truly deserves to
win this challenge coming down below
we'll see who gets the most comments mom
you met desire up now mom do you know
this is it's like a DIY pool cover isn't
it I mean you can do with one person
it's quick it's easy it's funky it's
cheap pool cover yeah know what for real
guys this cost was like hundred pound it
took was like two hours it barely minded
those free of us and learning even do
his side was horrific if I hadn't done
this all by myself it'll literally take
me about seven hours guys just buy one
of the pool covers this angel I'm on it
look at my eye look it in since you
finish the worse since you're the
undeniable third I think you should jump
off and through it first so you get the
most painful experience you should jump
off it first come on last ten guys if
you don't know ready for phase after
jump through the frickin pool so mine
off you go off you pop you realize that
was open anyway guys minds about to do
the job which means we're gonna switch
to slow-motion so we can see his boobs
jiggle in slow-mo guarantee for the slow
motion
Jesus mine and did have it all breaking
could you take your way oh come on
Oh
hell my way do you think one was it
Marty no no my channel leave a like on
the video if you want more of these pool
videos remember to smash it like and
subscribe to the iPhone 7 giveaway this
on right now by clicking the link in the
description guys leave a like subscribe
check the description and as always I've
been Borges you guys been awesome
we'll see you in the next video peace I
was never over then remember to
subscribe mug this channel and don't
forget to leave a like if you have a big
penis thanks for watching
these are happens
