okay let's go let's do this getting back
for everything that's up to you
hi guys here so run holiday you know
morgg's has been pranking me a lot
lately if I see you with a cigarette one
more time you're gonna have to go into
foster care we've got a prank wars going
but so far I'm afraid I've not managed
to do one prank on in which I'm really
disappointed about but today is the day
that that changes so Morgan's crashed
out on the sofa it's been working all
night at it since so it's really really
tired now if you don't know already
Morgan some really deep sleeper the
first time your deep sleep so as you
know Morgan's been pranking me a lot
it's been pushing me in the pool so I
thought I'm gonna do is I'm gonna push
him in the pool I'm gonna do it while
it's asleep this is gonna be good guys
Martin hi I've got a feeling this is
gonna be the start of my prank legacy
against mold for a salty Martin and Jill
against morg
so as this is gonna be loaded to
multichannel if he knew subscribe and
hit the like button below
yeah don't leave a comment yeah and
don't forget to leave a comment below if
you want more of this sort of thing more
of these pranks against mobs let me know
I'm up for it
a few moments later okay Martin we need
to get the get the bed ready just keep
it quiet
thanks collinear
okay basically speaking of now you may
be thinking why did Jill why didn't mom
actually come up with this frame the
thing was this is why I'm stupid mad at
you I wanted to do this prank on Martin
I told her at the start of the holiday
house that we were only through the
ideas I explained the Franklin at all I
want to do are Martin but she said he's
too heavy so we might have to save it
for another time when he said save it
for another time I didn't realize you
meant do it on me for God's sake right
guys gosh it's boiling mr. Bieber thirty
four five degrees so with guys we've got
the bed ready what we're gonna do now
take it up there near Morgan as near as
we can get to him Tran gently put him on
it
and then lift him down okay let's go
let's do this right guys
we've got the camera on the chair
Morgan's on the settee Burt we've
brought li lie low in but we're gonna
have to clear some of this stuff away
cause we don't want to knock anything up
so wait I know I won't wake you
it's like the cat
sometimes I just I kind of interrupt the
video and say a few words right
there's obviously mom wanted me to edit
this voyage and put out on the channel
and it gave me the chance to watch it
all back and just kind of look at how
she was pranking me like when I was
asleep and my god
how the hell did I wake up I don't know
Morgan I'm in snow because of things I
knew I was a deep sleeper I knew I was
one of the deeper sleepers ever for
example you saw the clip where Jake
airhorn me next to my ear I was like and
then just really went back to sleep
again and then as well as that you guys
don't know this but iPhone like alarms I
have to put them actually next I went on
my pillow to make them wake me off and
even dad they don't wake me up half the
time like she's like my Allah so I mean
I knew I was a deep sleeper but my god
like this is that was just that's too
far like I didn't think they could pick
me up and put me onto a bed
I saw me this part of the video where I
was like I was like no I moved a little
bit it's according to you I do this a
lot where I like wake up in the night
you want to tell them you're so
sometimes are you talking that and I'm
going to check if is okay and it's kind
of out it has a conversation with me but
really it's not really that I'll say
stuff to her now I'm moving stuff well
then I'll go back to sleep when the next
day I will remember it so as if I was
kinda like asleep but it wasn't at the
same time I think that's what happened
there because obviously I couldn't
remember anything well I don't think my
eyes even opened so maybe that was it
but like you can see me on the video
line move a little bit like twitch which
is just kind of weird it's not me
program much sleep in there in in now
he's not woke up already won't think
that one's accusing come on team Martin
Martin and Jill let's do this
I seriously cannot believe is not woke
up Sadie's ass deep sleeper but this is
ridiculous I can't believe they've done
Martin thumbs up I can't believe what is
that was really ha ha ha
do you think no Martin that if I just
film that you could push him in order
need me
and it's just cover him up once it needs
a good sleep now how long should we
leave him out for they're not leaving
too long
Martin high five potential is fine oh my
god look at it got him in the water
honestly I said is such a deep sleeper
let's just leave him now I'm gonna have
some breakfast ageing the pool cleaner
cleaning oh my god this is so amazing
we just squirting now wake him up we
can't leave them all day come yeah yeah
yeah go on go for it
it's gonna kill us what he sees this is
gonna add me so he'll not believe we've
done it crank off crank off walls mom
and Martin yeah yeah yeah yeah God
Martin's doing a close-up on him as well
getting back for everything that he's
done to you
Malcolm awesome what you doing in there
I'm actually so mad about this I can't
believe you shot me what I said like and
I've actually true like I did shoot him
and he got me back for it which you know
Matthew about I'm real happy brother
okay why
morning Morgan why we don't eat Morgan
cuz all you've done all on the day
before his prank calls and made Jenny
we're bothered about your clothes after
all the times you've pushed me with my
clothes on Martin high five we think we
got some peaceful some people came in
Ellis you know what Morgan sometimes
people who the pranks just don't like
getting pranked back do they hey back to
bed now
well I would say that was the successful
prank Morgan so let's get this straight
right I was just sleep on the sofa
you've somehow gotten into a lot of
blow-up bed yep oh can be bout a flight
of steps yeah obviously put me into the
pool yeah all while asleep yeah so
Morgan what do we do now we're looking
for the lens oh and we say no say it
Morgan and Martin say I've been pranked
by Eminem oh no he'd say I'm more and
I've been pranked by NF Eminem I'm more
and I've been crowned by N and then an
Eminem
Martin and more Martin and mama feel
good yes haha
no I feels good no no there's no limits
that I've got ideas Morgan I'm saying
watch out you can have like you can hit
me I can make four times as hard
my four cuz I'm not good well you
weren't very good this morning and you
know else is funny you're the opposite
of a deep sleeper so you know you guys
were well that's a monk ya bout
oversleep one she literally like I can't
open a door I can't open a bedroom door
without waking up good night Morgan go
back to bed it's not taking it very well
Morgan really should be the best point
you you know I'm gonna be honest I'm
gonna be honest it's definitely up there
I mean in terms of the actual prank I
think it was one of the best Thor pranks
yeah but that's just I thought of it and
you stole it and the execution telling
me the chorus that gene if you think
this is the best prank yeah
or tell me which one I've done her which
was better I think personally I think
the smoking prank is the best one I've
done on you just because of how well I
got you I think that's the best in my
opinion what guys tell me I was in the
conversation boy so guys hope you
enjoyed that that was fun
and if you liked the video leave a like
below we haven't actually said like like
target don't that work well she would go
on Martin you decide normally I say for
25 25 25 to go to remember it's a prank
so yeah 25 leave Ally if you haven't
subscribe hit subscribe hit that
subscribe button
I'll help you I'll help you out show a
video of me again prank guys I've just
been pranked so bad let's go and
unsubscribe to my channel because you
don't want to miss the video right go
back you will not want to miss it it
will be very good it'll be better than
this subscribe get ready turn on
notifications so you can be early
because this this video is gonna be them
it's not a face out
this is a sore loser guys I've been
wolves
she's been mom the prankster need to be
marked in the ranks there were don't
keep calling involved you guys have been
awesome I will see you in the next prank
video peace out if you enjoyed the video
remember to subscribe to mug this
channel and don't forget to leave a like
if you have a big penis thanks for
watching
