well guys we're gonna go get him in a
few moments but seriously this is just
amazing
I have been pranked by moulds first and
last time you know why hello guys and
today we're about to step the pranking
game up to a whole new level now as you
know me and mum have been involved in
the kind of intense prank bowl of the
moment other way yeah and I've been
doing really well no you definitely oven
however today we decided to par
difficulties aside and work together on
a prime on Martin and I'm a little
jobless Oh
so mom what are we gonna be doing today
boys the prank we're gonna be doing a
swim with us Marty so yeah you heard
that right guys we're gonna be bubble
wrapping this entire pool this is gonna
be absolutely it's gonna be mad
no guys just before we start as you know
I am giving away this brand-new iPhone 7
and there'll be a link in the
description down below where you can
enter to win this thing
two of the things you need to do to
enter is subscribe to my channel down
below
I'm also smash alike on this video so go
down there hit that light go and also
subscribe if you're new if you want to
win this free iPhone and then after
you've watched the video check the link
in the description because if you get on
the way you can get even more entries to
win this thing good oh my god she's got
a job that everyone would have hated me
yeah thanks for bringing that up mom I
can't really believe I'm joining forces
with my arch nemesis mom but I tell you
it's just a one-time thing mom all I'm
saying mom keep your eyes open because
as soon as we finish this prank I'm
coming what we're gonna do right now is
clear the floats out of the pool haven't
we mom because they kind of all over the
place aren't they let me just chip in
here go out of this ball I'll let you do
the rest because I'm a lazy bugger well
guys just before we start loads of you
guys have been saying more
haven't done the Timor shouts out in
your video for ages and you know you
guys are right I really haven't
so the team all shout out for this video
goes to Chloe who actually said me a mom
should team up on a prank on Martin so
hopefully she's happy watching this if
you on the shout out in the next video
leave a like subscribe and turn on my
channel notification by clicking the
Bell what mom are you ready to do this
this is gonna be a little bit of a long
one isn't I mean look at this poor guy
suitcase we bought it yesterday so we
got some supplies down air duct tape and
also scissors and the bobber up there
we're gonna get started right now more
must do it one time thing you were
jumping off the roof the other day
guys quick pit stop we've done the first
is it free three free P so why don't I
like much but it's actually quite a lot
so as you can see we've been going too
late we do one side first and what I
hold it off is the middle like that and
then she does the other side and it's
actually quite firm like it's coming
along pretty well guys we're gonna keep
cracking on with this it's a good style
guys with star
guys check this out oh my god we're just
going to call few more pieces in the
sighs oh my gosh guys we're halfway
through if not more the only problem is
we've actually wet it down there so it's
been a little bit an issue but we can on
find guys it's looking amazing
you got the normal huh you got a nice
bit of gel and then you got the for a
pop it's so cool we keep going let's do
this we're in the shade there's a little
bit nicer
oh my gosh guys we're down to the last
two look at this so cool
we're the team you know when we work
together well we're better than we're
again but you know this is a nice thing
to do like this is pretty sweet and guys
without further ado the world's first I
think Google rap covered a something
look at this oh my ways morning gonna do
what do we say it's kind of blended in
quite well you made kept its color yeah
did you don't me I think the dog takes
the biggest thing that gives away
especially down there look at it down
there well you never know if you just
happen to have a blind day you might not
see it well guys we're gonna go gave me
a few moments but seriously this is just
amazing guys guys look at this we're in
the pool right now just test it out
before we pack mine this is the coolest
thing in the way - no timers it's time
we wake up the man himself and get this
mom for now guys if you're excited for
us to wake of mine and gathers Frank go
and leave a like and remember to
subscribe if you're new guys diving the
launch doors will you create don't write
this all the time so it I subscriber and
say don't miss another one of these
crazy challenges and also comment down
below what you want me to do with this
pool Mac you want us to cover it with
something else fill it with something
guys let me know in the comment section
below but just have a little swimming it
and take all everything out just chill
that's boring come
good guys were inside right now we're
just gonna go wake him up
more Jack we should push him in yeah
okay guys we're gonna get awake and then
we're gonna we're gonna be so low you
know get him to see you see how he
reacts and then we're gonna push him in
okay guys tell you always a wait time to
have enough isn't it one secret dip in
the pyramid see what a dip in the pool
what you mean you want what do you mean
no no I'm gonna tell ya we just want to
we just want to film those live in a
cool game in the pool like a fun game
close your eyes close your eyes mind
what we're doing now this way don't do
that in Morgan oh god oh my god mine you
can look you gotta throw me
what are you gonna do if they come round
ok let's play Villa and it's not just me
this time mum helps as well have you
doing this well we do mummy molds of
team dog to prank you
we thought we'd join up for once let's a
cage is this lot to clean up we get all
this from what I see how much this cost
fifty fifty pound two pounds it's
falling its falling game this is
ridiculous this yeah my it's work of I
don't appreciate does it just gives me a
moment our best friends we've teamed up
on this doesn't mean you can just
discriminate against I work because you
don't like it
yeah team McGill this team see
Milligan's pudding mines we doing yeah
this is gonna be a new pool can you fix
I thought you said to me that he wasn't
in the fourth race
what do you mean tricks mine there's a
lovely work of art oh come on the world
the tradition of pranks Martin you need
to look down the camera and say I've
just been praying there being out being
pranks I've been asleep all afternoon I
have been primed by mogs the first and
last time you know I
Merkin it was never gonna be new front
doors
came out the house you broke
healthy and guess who the winner is
mama way down low - this is nice no I
know you're gonna do all right it's all
about the elegancy Oh No
it was really cool lunch once ago we go
oh no I got to say they old mummy things
Martin you be careful now you go give it
going so far
come on you can do it boy it's so far
gone mom trust me you're gonna love it
come on come on come on hey guys I think
for mom's jump we should switch into
slow motion let's do this huh slow
motion moo myung
oh I like that one always thought I
could write one word always so like this
always CrossFit okay we got go go
I'm alive we need a reinforced lane oh
my god um I swear it's not broken yet I
swear I swear I've done it that's not a
race pulling ourselves
no because you've already broken we
can't break the lanes
and guys this is the aftermath of the
entire thing as you can see mom we got a
lot cleanup to do I'll do it
oh well guys if you've enjoyed this
different type of video remember to
smash a thumbs up and also subscribe to
my channel we do crazy stuff like this
all the time so hit that subscribe
button so you don't miss a video and
also comment down below what you want us
to do in this pool next one is to fill
it with something
donors threw another one covering it
with something let us know guys in the
conversation below remember to turn on
my post notifications by clicking the
little bell that way you can be early to
my videos and never miss one and finally
guys check the link in the description
to go to the iPhone 7 giveaway and enter
while you can because it's completely
free to enter and if you enter you could
win an iPhone 7 brand new guys so click
link in the description to enter but
once again guys thank you for 2 million
and thank you all so much for watching
and as always I've been Ward you with
more Minds than mine you guys been
awesome and we'll see you in my next
video please
if you enjoyed the video then remember
to subscribe to mug this channel and
don't forget to leave a like if you have
a big penis attack thanks for watching
