hello guys and welcome back to another
day in paradise that's just basically
what it is we're here with mom who's got
the swag glasses on how you go and look
in fire you enjoying y'all at even elf
real solid yeah I've been in the polls
then you got mine hi guys
hello wait can I just Oh guys if you
haven't seen it already I want to show
you my view that I woke up to you know I
heard the birds chirping in the sky
heard the lovely breeze and then I went
out my door and I saw this so you look
at that look at that show guys as you
know I've got a friend right here this
is brand new and I'm giving this away
guys if you want to win this iPhone then
remember to smash a like on the video
down below and subscribe to the channel
if you're new
kisses box like 17 times like I'll feel
the winners gonna hate me guys if I get
through it you have to subscribe it's
too far away
young man oh oh ten fans like you see
right now
oh is an accident oh haha
Oh Marty what about the Flies hi guys
I've know a competition right now who
can blow their end of this thing faster
the both equal well this is war I was
down she do it yeah that's a false or is
that yes the rack here and there kill
again yeah
oh god say Shawn I got mine so guys as
you can see we've got all the floats in
the pool the donut in another debt down
there the second net everybody
basketball hoop thing here pretty nice
but more the question is do you want to
go in the pool yeah anything I'm good
I'll be going oh yeah you want to go in
oh cool when don't I go in the pool I'm
gonna go any minute now
so joel is to go in things you Joan in
oh did you get ways to bonuses we'll
need my chin alrighty there but actual
taqueria are you need myself in a job at
ty-rux rodeos this we got it for this
you only for this
i'ma jump over there shy yeah and then
don't get any ready yeah oh please
a few moments later guys I'm literally
so mad right now uh so you guys know
well actually you won't know this I've
never smashed or broken an iPhone never
in my entire life I've had about four
different ones never smash the screen
and one literally everyone I know these
are the iPhone screens just smash easily
I've never smash one look at that
dropped it coming in because it's tiles
on the floor it just smashed instantly
now apparently isn't a problem they're
cheap to repair I mean Cypress art now
how do I know was gonna repair the mayor
I mean look at her oh it's such a shame
think what I'm gonna do is get screen
protector just put the screen protector
over it obviously so I don't get like
glass in my finger keep using it and
then just I'm gonna have to repair it
when I get home but yeah I'm just
chilling right now my god I tell you
what it is absolutely boiling out here
I'm just gonna have another quick dip in
the pool and then what we're doing when
we go into a technology shop around the
corner I'm going to try and see if I can
get my phone fixed I'll get like a
screen protector for it so I can still
use it
all right so and I uh I know ice cream
wait go yo for real an ice cream van is
just pulled up outside our villa I can't
believe it that was the best thing in
the world ice cream van outside the
villa days like those proper-- us that's
absolutely sick why squash creamy thing
I'm not the consi ice cream they get us
whoosh whoosh whoosh yeah you get in a
pistachio obviously your boy is gonna go
over 99 fight which is like the magic
slush I've ever seen in my life
oh my God look at this look at the size
of this is literally like bigger than my
head oh my god that's good - so this is
my hand this is the slush look at that
that's the master it's absolutely
gianormous that's like the biggest buddy
slot I've ever seen in my life last time
oh my god that's pretty neat isn't it
mmm gosh girl Felicia's alive this is a
life if it wasn't already tempted enough
to open this one out of the box like how
the temptation is unreal however I'm not
gonna I'm gonna hold on because that
one's for you guys - guys we're just
heading out right now but seriously
check out fit I didn't even do this
deliberately I've got the sausage women
chunks I've got a saucy t-shirt and then
I bought this at the airport is it the
size of a Sashi of a sake got something
sprayed - so I made or just put this on
you know top of the alpha
so guys you just come out of technology
shop we're in the car right now we
managed to get some screen protectors
they're not the best as you can see it's
like over the crack so we'll keep it
together a live mom it will survive so
we've just arrived at little we're gonna
go and get some shopping with like 10
days aren't we so we gotta you know we
got to get some stuff keep ourselves
alive tell you what mom it's a little
bit chilly isn't it yeah get a view
bring my jacket yeah I'm putting
freezing honestly 34 degrees I wanted 35
all nice one mores anybody got yeah
that's all mum well done come on boys
lava 5 4 3 2 1
you're lucky they're almost happen what
happen what happens if you spill a mil
is it dripping oh you know oh wow
by the way guys we've just stumbled
across our first video idea for the
holiday this one's pretty notes it's all
in a trophy right now do I show you you
know what blog I'm a goofy this video
will be out soon we've got a hell of a
lot marshmallows they're all
marshmallows however I'm not gonna tell
you what I'm gonna do with them you guys
have to wait and see but it involved a
hell of a lot marshmallows guys Jesus
man this isn't normal is it this is far
from normal
so guys we're just loading up the boo
right now well I'm saying we mama ma I'm
saying here doing nothing but you know
my excuse is that I'm talking to you
guys okay you guys are like you guys
like saving me from having to do real
work here like I still we're back home
now in the villa we're just bringing in
the marshmallows let me show you this
guy I'm still not gonna tell you what
the video is but trust me it's coming
soo and it's gonna be a bangle look at
it look how many marshmallows we got
right here on the on the sofa is
outrageous that's not even all the
midget moms
there's more coming in oh my gosh guys
check this out I've just got onto my
life
and we are literally like 4,000
subscribers off of 2 million now I have
gone upload going out later and 1 out
load I do usually gain something pretty
fast so I'm thinking guys I'm thinking
this might be the video where we hit two
million I cannot wait
so guys it turns out that they have a
Nintendo Wii and on the Nintendo Wii
there just so happens to be Mario Kart
and I think you all know what that means
mom I challenge you to a race to make a
wager whoever wins gets to a make the
loser size of the dollar camera I accept
I will arrive so why is it look why is
it showing about ecology this is the
darkest ok this is the practice nurse
would you want to do it no
if you just keeps going into the walls
at least I'm not going o fell off the
side no this is my life right this is
just a game long minute I'm not going
away I need a miracle I need a miracle i
get to make sense in wonder I want you
say subscribe to morgues No yes a No
this is your punishment subscribe to
morgues but yeah that was pretty fun
we're just heading off to the beach
right now guys we haven't been to the
beach yet there's a beach about like a
two minute drive away so we're gonna go
down check it out see if it's any good
and why I'm gonna do I'm gonna bring my
GoPro and get some GoPro footage in the
beach so get ready guys this is gonna be
awesome I'll see you over in the beach
guys
yeah
but
two hours later so guys I'm just a load
of my new video and check my life count
we are going up really really fun I am
literally freaking out right now there's
about a million different things going
on this last hour there's been one of
the craziest hours of my entire life of
which to just walk around in circles
like I don't even know what to do okay
let me calm down let me calm down let me
calm down let me calm down more money
show them oh my god oh god now calm down
guys check this out
we are literally sell clothes mum 600 my
all my social media blowing off and
blowing up and blowing up balloons
we got balloons here I'm just loaded a
video about an hour ago which is doing
really really well it's getting quite
long view on obviously whatever you do
does well you got a lot more subscribers
so we planned that we're gonna go out
and have tea and then come back and
watch the town but because the new
videos exploded the simply subscriber
count' house and we're literally 500 off
of 2 million and it's gonna be happen in
any minute
if you don't know her anywhere in this
villa the footy 5-star villa look at the
pool Michael no I actually have no word
this is absolutely crazy
we're gonna hit 2 million in literally
the best way possible
oh my god dies absolutely crazy oh my oh
my god bullshit we go over we got no mom
no mom no smoke a curfew far more nope
sit down sit down sit down on there nope
sit down
come on Phoenix Condor oh my god okay
mom sit down sit down
okay count to 10 okay count to 10 one
two three no no no my twitter is
absolutely blowing up right now look at
all these team boys members tweeting me
everything oh my god
I actually can't like this is Mendel I
have no words for this my brilliant yes
oh my god are you doing
it's a celebration mom you just you can
do whatever you want it was a
celebration of boob touch oh my god yo
can you guys see this can you guys see
this nine nine one okay it's gone down
go down
