as ice cleaning with a cigarette one
more time I obviously can't control this
so you can have to go to foster care
hello guys / Coubertin kg can tell I'm a
little bit tired but yeah today is a
Wednesday he's looking bright and sunny
outside like that Suns actually blinded
me right now and today's video is going
to be absolutely awesome I'm talking
prank I was talking shopping I'm talking
comedy actually no forget that last one
but it's your regular hair on the
morgues channel you'll know there's only
one way to start the day
mom no can I sell anymore
no get the look I'm filming myself good
morning mommy good morning mommy yeah
guys today's video is gonna be a funny
one yo I've literally been saying just
watching myself can't go off funny how
as soon as I say that we just we don't
really go up anything
when you're watching this we're going to
either be so close to two million or
past two million either way if you could
please subscribe to my channel if your
news I've made a love a lot to me as I
just wanted to build survive and if we
already offered it they don't fully
subscribe anyway one I don't know okay
guys so me I'm mum are going to medal
alright now we've got quite a lot of
stuff to get I've got one massive thing
specifically but I'll tell you all about
that when we get to the car guys let's
go oh gosh
you're excise for show free and we also
copy my special degrees here really
amazingly measure also degrade
so guys we've just pulled up our
Meadowhall right now there's one thing I
want one thing that's pretty much I want
to go here and get a brand new iPhone 7
because I promise you guys I get iPhone
7 and give it away to one you guys when
we're in 2 million subscribers and we're
gonna be picking it up today and more
from the future can I just interrupt
here we're also going to be doing a fake
cigarette prank on more in this video
after we finish it better or this video
is literally going to be so funny
you can go back to future morgues and
I'm still here
great what's going on over there and
then MoMA you get low I've got one shops
going running sharp let's get some
brochures about should we get out the
car now it's really warm
there's a very valid point I think which
Matthew right now we can able to play oh
let's do it let's go
okay so with snickering you're going to
see anything you're like I was expecting
like heater bolting I mean at least a
ver jalfrezi mostly just phones and text
off which is really ridiculous
we've just been real-life clickbait oh
oh sorry the children and the children
watch Angela children so see the glasses
on that lip on the glasses up
we just try decide on a color few guys
mum what's your favorite color we got
black clothes a man what you doing what
you sounds like saying well I doubt
that's most I think that is a little bit
more girly I would just go with this one
here I think I think I've probably the
safest option I think most people like
yeah one way what you doing this feeling
is due to the past he was there I told
my new fave like Nana she's gone another
shot there's a monk are you my bike
fans you like my sidekick heaven just
went in flannels got a new clothes for
the whole day I'll show you later but
yeah I think I think I fit now so guys
we just finished up in flannels after
that we went and got smoothies and then
why I actually did is I told mum to meet
me in the car in five minutes because
the ones working one more shop she was a
little bit confused however what I'm
doing right now is I'm going to the car
I've got the keys of the moment
basically I'm going to settle for a
prank
now as you know I brung a fake cigarette
with me today and now I'm going to be
using pretending to smoke when mom gets
back and then obviously everything's
going to piece together for her it's
going to be really funny to see reaction
guys let's do it so guys as you can tell
in the car right now as you can see down
here is these fake cigarette now one
thing that mum hates or one thing I
entire family aids is smoking and I ate
it you don't get me wrong
literally if I see a non smoking it just
instantly puts me off that person like
it's such a waste of money
such a waste of time I genuinely hate
more than hates it so much probably more
than me so when she sees me smoking a
fake cigarette out the window it ain't
going to be good now they would call me
as it is literally just a little bit of
paper I'm gonna have to be like doing my
best job of it like like covering it and
stuff but yeah guys drop a like if
exactly sprang subscribers in you and
guys one more thing I've got the iPhone
right here and I'm not sure how long and
give this away yeah and think about some
of the way maybe on Twitter maybe in the
credit section maybe I'm like a website
like I'm not sure guys so I guess if you
want this iPhone then drop a like on the
video right now leave a like I'm
scribe if you office a stone tell them
in the conversation why you want and you
know maybe I'll just pick money I'm not
even sure you we came so close to two
million may even be asset so the iPhone
is up for grabs
leave a like subscribe and turn on my
notifications why not guys one minute
view I'm going to sell this camera low
but better wait for them to get back and
like we're gonna get this so guys I can
see mom walking she's walking over in
the distance I don't think she spotted
no stuff hasn't spotted me yeah okay
let's let's do this guys I'm gonna be
smoking out the window here goes nothing
I asleep something what I was doing
something just the phone
that's cigarette and were you doing you
just dropped a cigarette are you doing
waiting the cigarette what are you doing
with a cigarette Morgan I think it's
more severe everywhere when I see a
smoking not and it's only breath hmm
that's why you came back to the car will
you start with the window down
Yaffa give me right now no give me that
cigarette I can't be lazy
give me that Morgan I can't believe that
you stopped smoking in the car common in
your smoking how long has it been going
on not how long this been going on just
a little sooner killing me with other
females and I'm furious with you I'm
furious
you're smoking are you drinking as well
if you got bakla whiskey or something
down there as well
what about your hell and you've got me
looking at more let's go through all
this Morgan where I'm kind of looking
after giving you good food and then you
smoking how many of these you have I'm
me having a nice melting you possibly do
me that cigarette now I'll tell you more
good if I see you with a cigarette one
more time
I obviously can't control it so you've
enough to go to foster care someone else
just a cigarette
are you stupid what about all the things
they can do to yellow the damage I can't
believe that somebody of your age
intelligence would be smoking honestly I
just that water dis listen it's just a
cigarette
Oh honestly Morgan I can't believe this
I can't believe what bleep I would cry
you because it's just shocking you are
you addicted are you addicted to these
your gun every day yes
oh my god have you tried to sell are you
be smoking them long enough
what long don't be so frigging flippin
long you know long enough to walk get
cancer long enough to walk about dizzy
clogged artery long enough for walk
can't stop I'm not stopping refused well
you know what you can get a mouse Morgan
I've had enough for this you're just not
doing what you're told
I can't believe our schedules and time
stop close you don't smell why are you
laughing at me why are you laughing at
me oh you want to be back to you you
want some more 120 pro-union we pranked
me again once it's not a real cigarette
I knew you aligned I knew it I knew you
wouldn't know oh are you smoking though
no I'm not smokin said it will you uh I
know I'm funny I didn't know it's a
camera again I'm just a king I am
literally the king of pain oh go away
outside of a been trying short plain
anymore
what done alone now well down below now
looks down at the land I've just been
pranked I became I've just been pranked
I'm going home / - I've just been
pranked by mice but it's not fair so me
like this Melvin and make everything be
smoking and drinking and I'm not smoking
then who should be happy with someone we
know you ready
hi everybody so there's no all scored in
mum's car because it's made it like 1857
I turned my camera around I looked at
the glove compartment and you know I'm
expecting to see some bangers from great
CDs maybe a little bit a Drake maybe lo
Bear Kendrick I have a look in here and
this is what I see now that's what I
call music
it's not mine that packed for your mom
for real
can we just chalk this away right now
can we just let only few - that do not
do that
put your ass oh it's gone mommy's gone
I'm I'm stars I'm just joking thriller
now I was like I'll music 8 - I just
just forget I ever like existed in our
lives
it was yours used to get together every
Sunday my lanu wrong it was always the
thing back in the day fucking nigger
yesterday when I was fighting 1200 frame
how he still after approach by the way
you're not looking through those so you
feel a little bit abuse mental mental
war now this is good one you know what
mom I physically worn out from pulling
so many pranks on you and then working
every time I actually at this point I
want you to actually prize me and do it
well just because I'm bored I'm bored
over here bro
so mum hope you enjoyed the trip out I'm
getting out sweating guys if you don't
know already
tomorrow the reason why we go shopping
and the reason my mortgage is labas
tomorrow we're going on holiday we go to
this like 5-star villa in Cyprus with
staying over I'm going to be making
loads of videos over there it's going to
be really fun and yet today is kind of
in the preparation day well I organized
and everything organizing people coming
over to look after Bruno organizing
everything and I'm like so excited
well yeah guys I literally can't stress
this enough if you want I phone give
waiter to hurry up and if you want to
win the iPhone giveaway then go down and
subscribe to the channel because I'm
doing it when I hit two million
subscribers and the quicker that happens
the more of you subscribes the quicker
this iPhone goes out to one of you guys
so here the subscribe on right now to
the iPhone also I should probably show
you what going this thing because I
didn't really I'm going to show you much
of this I didn't get some clothes guys
they alternate for my holiday I give you
a look now ignore my bad it looks
absolutely disgusting but oh well I
can't be bothered to make it I'm lazy
right we've got the Sochi t-shirt
literally like this thing is just really
mad I don't know I kind of like it
flashing golden black very nice and then
in here as well as that the other thing
I taste is kind of like whole pudding
half t-shirt which is Stone Island
natural white hoodie t-shirt thing
actually why am I saying hoodie I mean
jumper doesn't have a whole those are
the two things I got really really nice
guys the holiday stress begins basically
we tend to the point now where we have
to pipe because we're leaving really
really early tomorrow so obviously we're
not gonna have much time tomorrow to
sort the caters out so we're going to be
doing it today I'm very very tired right
now let me should let me show you the
current program mum how the case is
going to take over how the case is going
every way up since putting in yet
nothing I'd start to his to foul I'm
going to go down and get this homeless
friend get them toiletries bring them
home lad
well guys I'm actually really really
tired right now I think what I'm going
to do is get a little bit of sleep but
guys honestly it's so tempting having an
iPhone it even though I obviously have a
nice Bo and having it here I just want
to open it just for no reason obviously
I'm not going to I'm going to keep it
wrapped really nicely for the winner I'm
actually really excited to give this
away I just checked and we're currently
about 13,000 subscribers away from 2
million the countdown is real guys as
soon as we did it the giveaway is coming
your way so honestly I can't wait well
you know what I'm going to do right now
is have a quick nap because I never
actually slept this morning when I start
the vlog I was doing on no sleep so I've
been tired all day I'm a gallon I'm not
right now I'll see you guys soon okay
guys it's the next day right now I'm
just going to give you a little because
you'll excuse our look just woke up feel
a little bit don't feel a little bit
dead but yet today is the day of the
holiday and I'm so damn excited you
still watching at this point I just want
to personally say thank you it really
just means a lot to me that you've watch
the full video feel like I should say
that more because obviously you're
watching all the way till the end
watching all the way to the out show
that shows that you guys are real oh
geez and I really do appreciate that
guys honestly it means a lot to me but
yeah I think this is where I'm going to
put this video to and if you've enjoyed
remember to leave a like and honestly
like obviously it's the next day now and
we are 10,000 subscribers from 2 million
so when you're watching this really
going to be under 10k all we've already
hit it so like I am so excited I cannot
wait oh you guys are excited so as soon
as we 2 mil iPhone 7 coming your way
remember to subscribe and like this
video so you can guarantee that giveaway
and also follow my other social media
Twitter snapchat Instagram so you can
stay updated with the giveaway
especially Twitter I'm going to be doing
a wild day and on there all the links
will be in the description for those
free mum's here by the way say hi no I'm
just filming myself
she's just gone running out the room for
no reason whatsoever great one and guys
if you enjoyed so much alike subscribe
if you're new thank you for watching
till the end I love all your faces and
as always I've been morgue you guys been
awesome and I'll see you in my next
video
peace out if you enjoyed this video then
remember to subscribe in love this
channel I don't forget to leave a like
if you have a 15 thanks for watching
since I hustle
