why I want you and the baby to never see
you again ever
Martin think it's on should though not
look like it's on this call that
recorded mean on it yeah Martin just
like you're not old it that's it yeah
can you see my face and just my top in
it yeah yeah hi guys so Morgan as you
know has been pranking me a lot lately
days old and girl and I'm not very happy
about it
so today I've decided it's payback time
so Morgan be warned mold is out for a
meal at the moment is Quinn oh man I'm
thinking about 10 minutes so I've got to
get this camera position somewhere
upstairs I'm gonna hide it Jill what
prank are we doing today right I'm glad
you asked within the pregnancy prime so
I'm going to tell Morgan I'm pregnant
accidentally and we're going to see what
his reaction is I think you're probably
be okay but there is one point where it
is not going to be happy and I'm going
to save that to later on in the prank
and then I'm going to break the news to
it so because Morgan's going to be
loading this to his channel I think it's
only fair that we say this so if you're
new subscribe hit that like button below
follow Morgan on Twitter we're nearly at
2 million soaps or we may be by now and
they're just thank you for all your
support supporting Morgan but today
we're going to prank in big-time one of
the things I'm gonna do to Morgan in
this prank is going to make him really
really angry so I'm kind of really
excited and I can't wait for you to see
how it okay yeah we can actually lose
his temper so what we're going to do
go to the kitchen now we've not got
along we're going to hide the camera
wait for Morgan to come in and then
we're going to call him into it like a
family meeting I'm going to break the
news to it though I can't where your
guys are excited for this
are you excited Martin or you'd be
scared I'm really excited although
there's only one thing but they don't
eat it when he finds out
oh god Jax is really strong and got big
muscles ah sorry Morgan we're only
kidding you've got really big muscles
you should leave your camera lying
around Morgan anybody can pick it up in
prime yeah so this is the first of many
the prank wars is just beginning Morgan
so you should be very very very scared a
few moments later I start recording now
John yeah
press that I'm gonna minute give it me
I'll do it this is what you do look you
press this button here right guys so
we're not going to do it in the kitchen
we're going to do it in the lounge
because it's probably more normal that
we sitting here at now we're gonna sit
watching telly Morgan's gonna be home in
a few minutes this text is on its way
and when it comes in I'll get the camera
I'm gonna switch it off in a minute I'll
put it back on it won't see us behind
the telly and it will not be expecting
this right guys you see yeah we just did
the chimes on the door get ready for
this you ready laughs all right I'm
ready
right okay mo mo Morgan yeah Morgan are
you let's sit with us for a few minutes
to tell em I'll go no no your daughter
Morgan we need to travel just a little
chat for a few minutes
go sit down this is a prank yeah shot
tonight never got something to tell ya
okay we just sent emails you get all
this shit down man it's cause there's a
show I know I general don't official
believe it I do know primals is on I do
know pump hoses all let me sit down we
need to tell you got some news for ya
swear I've got some good news for you
sit down under Scott tells what for once
done I stopped them if you want you know
how when you were little you always kind
of talked about you wanted a brother or
sister just like once though yeah i like
it loud and lonely and i new friends i
thought i thought you really wanted one
oh you two taking the fifth I got my own
no just a on you you don't
oh yes so no no I was trying to tell you
this way by oh right okay so talk about
yeah yeah I'm fine with it I'm just
gonna come out with it okay you're gonna
come out with it I'm just gonna say it
because it's I don't know the best way
to say it's good news so we're quite
excited it I'm having a baby you're
taking the pitch this everyone got the
unkindness you're taking the pitch oh
all right
listen come on girlfriend does it come
to that oh okay well good look we're
going to casinos philosophy problems or
else what are you doing
are we taking the fort are you taking
the piss sit down I didn't explain
I like this small girl we're just holy
Eric in the Pope but tell me about the
Collinses Morgan would tell you the news
how are you taking the mission all right
tell me calm down a bit
I thought you'd been might the clock
actually listen towards and I'm like yo
baby why do we even start
tell me do you get division to Bob helm
like a bitch why are they taking the
baby will explain tell me you're taking
the bids come on I take flame sweetie
that's been a bit awkward I've not known
for very long nobody else knows I'm
trying to tell you before you're looking
for
so it's Morgan um I've been telling you
got your room or something don't you
want to talk to now if you spoil the
moment I'm telling you something and you
just looking like a cooker we're at
spinning round
I'd explain something like it ended up
treating your I know head on Photoshop
or show yeah I'm pregnant
it's not plowed through you're taking
the you're pregnant because my image
that you think in a flaw of course it's
cuz you're not good with it come on
that's why I say I'm not plan this all
right
why why have you not told me buddy not
now you take I'm not falling all right
we'll leave it at that then we'll talk
about it tomorrow when you can I don't
wanna rush unfair no want to listen but
other people will be telling other
people so don't in the mood no how would
you feel
I don't know ask y'all feel yeah this is
taking the me but what difference is it
gonna make to you really
Jimmy or do L familiar with you oh
you're what it's just he's just always
answer your paper well I'm very I'm
extremely involved why cuz it's true
it's something Luke and I'm just trying
to I explained it wasn't fun it's too
late but whatever explain to you
something alright don't get to play just
listen to medium up but listen but it's
all I have a lot about it alright so to
this point as you can tell I did spot
the camera obviously as soon as I saw it
I knew it was 100% a prank no I was
gonna just tell that seeing the camera
and end it all there well I thought why
don't I carry on the prank
get really really angry get really
really mean and reverse this whole thing
on mom and I is exactly what I did prank
wars baby nothin don't call me I don't
need to be upset about
don't wait to be happy I want you to be
happy love is one thing he wants what to
explain something to you now why is it
no don't
it's got to know the only problem I've
got then is why I'm telling about I
would have preferred to just wait a
little bit longer Bert because of my age
and because of you know I'm not allowed
to fly or anything so this just ended up
working perfectly in my favor
he gave me reason to get really really
angry and for mum to believe it I get
ready for this guy's this practice
backfires completely almost sure you
have a molded College of
we can't go I can't go to America with
you and I know our that's what feel but
what only animals come down coming to
America
no I'm that's it our fathers about
enough loose I'm going I mean we're you
a Camaro and no on what I'm living with
dad I'm fed up with this I'm absolutely
fellow for this why you take it too far
every time it's just ridiculous I don't
want it I don't wanna be a ranger I
don't be known with it I don't get with
that little thing I don't want to be 8 I
don't want to ever know it I don't ever
me and me if ever meets no I tell you I
do I'll make sure it doesn't want me
ever again okay okay it's not like you
at all I do I love it's not reason to be
like this listen to me not listen to
these words before I gangrene for you
anymore you it I'm gonna go upstairs and
pack my stuff from getting everything
and then I want to lifted ads in half an
hour
i I want you and the baby to never see
me again ever
okay I'm going now so I'm you're about
to do it I can't like I understand you
at all why do you come back and talk
sensibly about it let's just put this
video this has got a bit oh no that's
the progress it's gone wrong with Martin
I'm gonna come up another word and tell
them it was a prank
I call it in without letting daddy
expecting some company
you know that paper no not being angry
like Morgan Morgan I've just come to
tell you I've got your camera and that
was actually a prank we were private
online that was a prime okay
I don't can't put up with exclude a
photo for me get a camera if I know give
me the camera
yeah well I'm gone you can't go just cuz
we've done it from your eyes
I don't care that's too far when you
split sauce spraying smelly stuff okay
services like this are sized to me so
get me my loops what's it like a barn a
parody mile you know get ready get ready
come on oh my god yo that is the
definition of a prank like fire oh my
god oh don't leave it should I reveal to
where I'm gonna reveal to I like it now
but it's like it's more money long night
what you want you're not really doing
that he's lucky now look see yes there's
one mistake you made you're a dog you
cannot you cannot hide a camera to save
your life I spelled out our five minutes
in that you didn't even hide it you you
like she knew that lip yep and so is
that why you were going Madi oh so did
upfront you then no that's a massive
bike fire right there you must have met
fat fish two or three minutes you
thought it before you I don't know I
mean I was saying where's the camera but
either way mom I think now what you got
to do is look down the lens and say no
maybe smart phone oh fuck my prank just
backfired and I'm still yet to prank
Morgan no ghormeh my prank just
backfired and I love to do better next
time and I'm still yet to prank the king
I know I'm not going that far
yeah you've just taken the biggest L
ever tried to prank me with a decent
prank I may say it was it had the
thought behind it but the warm looking
mistake you made hide in the camera I
kind of found how you saw it I just
don't get it
are you leaving then oh no no I think
I'll stay okay with by your face
yeah well just gonna start celebrating
but guys that's where we're gonna weigh
in this video more is still yet to prank
the king she's still very bad at
Brancusi there's one thing that's bad
for you in this situation mom yeah you
failed to prank me but the same time you
just made me more mad hahaha
can I just although did it actually even
switch the camera on properly
I think you did yep I think you did I
mean please please I'm learning guys
every new to the channel remember to hit
that subscribe button in the intro did
you do an intro yeah did you tell them
to go yeah okay so fam under crank sure
this still tells you to subscribe guys
if you knew it I subscribed went down
below smush a like on the video right
now for that body terrible prank my mom
oh my god go every away with it on whose
idea was driving me on the whip right
now never lie you're a lot of comments
saying for you to prank me and say
you've got somebody pregnant I just
thought well I see a lot of them there
you go guys if you new remember to
subscribe and leave a like the team ol
shout out for this video goes to Ollie
who told me that he loves the prank
videos and he thinks I'm gonna win the
prank wars so like you've just gone on a
pregnant moms that I'm me and I still
managed to come out on top so I think
you're gonna be happy bro if you want
the shout out in the next video leave a
like subscribe and turn on notifications
but guys as always I've been mauled
she's in the worst Frank in the world
he's been the second worst prank in the
world you guys been awesome and we'll
see you in uh-huh
in the next video please house if you
enjoyed the video then remember to
subscribe to mugsy's channel and don't
forget to leave a like if you have a big
penis
thanks for watching peace out
