I've never believed in ghosts I just I
don't want to believe it I just don't
want to believe it so this is a video
that I've been wanting to make now for
about a week however every time I sit
down to do it it's not I feel scared
it's more that I just I just get like
creepy feelings and I just feel just
creeped out however today is the day
that I am finally gonna do this video
and I'm just gonna give you guys a quick
heads-up it's not gonna be a normal type
of video cuz this video is far from
normal as you can tell by the title is
actually a video about ghosts and
paranormal and the first thing I want to
say and this is extremely important my
entire life I haven't believed in ghosts
not one bit I've always always kind of
stupid to believe something why there's
no solid evidence and something that
you've never seen in real life and
personally I just haven't seen anything
which makes me believe in them yet
that's when this video kinda comes into
the story recently in my videos I've
been seeing I want to say ghost
sightings I've been seeing some ghost
sightings in my videos recently and
don't know to say to be honest because I
know lots of youtubers do loads of stuff
with Ouija boards and explore in
abandoned places I've never really done
that so I don't know any of the correct
terminology I don't really know anything
about ghosts all I know is recently I've
been seeing some weird stuff and so of
you guys both times both for examples
I've got a both seen by you guys where
you've seen them and then told me in the
youtube comment section which kind of
makes it a little bit more creepy the
fact that I've actually missed these but
today I'm going to be showing you them
we're going to be talking about them and
I'm going to be asking your opinion
again because I am really really creeped
out like I'm pretty freaked out so yeah
this video is gonna be a bit more of a
serious one but if you're new to my
channel remember to hit that subscribe
button down below because I do do more
funnier videos usually do you do but
yeah I felt like I had to make this
video because I want to show you guys
these and get your opinions because I am
freaked out like I'm no even joking man
it's gonna be a creepy ass video also if
you wondering why my hairs ways because
it's boiling at the moment in the UK and
like every 10 minutes I just go and just
dunk my head in
pool of cold water like that's genuinely
been my routine and over messing with
you so let's get all the way back to
about let me actually check right now
was this like a week ago was like a week
ago pad on my mouse isn't working which
is good timing it was yet about a week
ago when I bloated my gummy food versus
real food challenge with my mom now I
story comment on that video where
someone said in the doorway on mums bowl
you can see like a shadow like figure
but on mine showing the exact same
reflection it's not that bad man we had
like steel bowls which were reflecting
like what you saw and basically I put a
picture on the screen right now if you
look really closely on mums bowl right
in the doorway it looks like this kind
of like a black figure and it kind of
goes thin and it kind of goes fin which
looks like the legs then a bit far which
also the body then Finnegan which also
the head and that's why I see anyway now
I thought this one was really creepy
because you can't see on my bowl but
then if you look on my bowl it is just
not there it's nowhere to be seen it's
not in the doorway of mine even though
they're reflecting like almost the exact
same reflections like they were
literally like a few centimeters apart
of the bowl like it's pretty crazy and
then I did go ahead and tweet out about
this to 100k to we're followers and
basically just tweet our picture I put a
tweet on the screen as you can see and a
lot of people replied that saying it
looked like a water bottle and if you
look really close zoom all the way in
you can see it looks a little bit like a
war ball but it just looks a little bit
distorted and like it looks like a war
ball but it I don't think is like
hundred percent evidence that it is like
it doesn't like it doesn't completely
look like if you get me so I say that
one was like a bit of a fluke it was
just the water ball in odd position and
the reflection on mine maybe didn't
catch the water but it was the dip the
positioning could have been changed I
mean it's still pretty creepy anyway but
let's just say that well that wasn't a
ghost sign it wasn't paranormal it was
just it was just it was just a war ball
this next one was from my video that I
uploaded where it was literally about 24
hours ago with the time I'm recording
this and as soon as I saw this I
panicked
like I really panicked I got really
really scared
it's from my the floor is lava in a
haunted abandoned tunnel now what if you
don't know really haven't seen the video
meme when we went and explored and a
band
in tunnel from Chesterfield it used to
be a railroad tunnel I can barely talk
trouble what somebody trim or Morgan it
used to be a railroad tunnel railroad
tunnel okay man I'm struggling today and
yeah we went into where pile is haunted
you know most abandoned places people
say they're haunted we see I've never
believed in ghosts or anything so I go
these places and I don't really get
scared or creeped out because I never
actually suspect anything to be wrong
with them it's just abandoned like
places get abandoned it's normal it's
part of life
I got abandoned when I was a little kid
I'm joking I didn't but yeah what I'm
actually gonna do is play you guys the
video right now and I'm gonna watch it
again so we can actually react to at the
same time because basically there's like
a ghost sighting but this one isn't a
picture it's actually a video and
literally watch this about like I think
three times and I then I won't watch
again because like it's extremely creepy
so basically what it was I went into the
comment section and I saw a comment from
someone who said if you go to a time
stamp there's like there's a ghost
if you look over mom's shoulder so I
can't find the comment guys is not
showing up but basically they're they're
they're okay time stamp is 928 if you
want to take a look for yourself
look here over mom's shoulder to the
right portion of the screen there right
there like a cloud of smoke but it
wasn't smoky one bit
not one bit this is a tunnel it was damp
those drips coming from but there was
not a bit of smoke not a single bit of
smoke and that is a promise I swear it
wasn't dusty I went like that in my
camera like my camera and I'm just on it
mundane of Dostana like let's let's
watch it again but let's slow it down to
0.25 speed and take another look okay
it's here watch guys get ready to get
ready get ready get ready watch in the
black bit in the black
where is that well actually is that
where does that actually come from now
I'm watching it back is so clear why is
that then it's a completely different
shade of color you can actually see it
it's like but the thing is it just comes
out of nowhere it doesn't come from
behind mum it's too far along the screen
to come from behind her you only see it
in this little bit here look have
another loss No
so it doesn't come from behind more
watch mom's head nothing come from a
head it's there right in the right
corner of the screen it's genuinely like
scary like it's genuinely worrying I
didn't even see that when I was
recording editing I didn't even see it
when I loved it I saw it when one of you
guys picked out in a comment it
genuinely is worrying because this is
like an abandoned tunnel and we go and
then this happens
watch watch my own shoulder no post the
shoulder just there oh it doesn't come
from anywhere it doesn't come from
anywhere I was think I'm making this
video just with the the water ball that
right there is a completely different
story
that is like hard evidence like that's
video footage and just so you guys know
that I haven't that was amazing editing
of this video because that could be one
of your suspicions while I'm not gonna
do is go to QuickTime Player and go to
the original file and see if it's there
believe Allah give some to Gary
y'all ready Gary - Gary it's there it's
in the original file that's proof right
there I can actually do this now you can
watch see that see that it doesn't come
from anywhere
I don't know guys I don't I don't know I
really don't know I'm really I'm
genuinely hoping that I'm just being
stupid and one of you guys is going to
correct me in the comment section and
just say how it's it's it's from
something it's not ghost but I can't see
it I don't know what it's from I've
watched the clip back three or four
times just in this video and I don't
know guys if anyone knows anything or
no on thinks they knows anything time in
the comment section this video because
that is really really scary oh my god oh
I'm never believed in ghosts never
believed in ghosts in my entire life not
once have I ever seen a ghost or
believed in ghosts so yeah one more
thing this one's kind of connected to
the whole ghost thing but this one's
just a little bit more creepy but
there's a natural explanation to this
one so some of you may have heard of
night terrors or or sleep paralysis they
say it's a well known thing it's common
a lot of people go through it and it's
basically where you wake up in your
dream but you can't move or speak but
you're still in your dream and you can
almost see out your eyes and and beat
and feel being awake but you can't
actually move and bear a man this is
completely like this is a genuine like
thing like this happens to a lot of
people it's all over the Internet this
isn't like like this is a serious
condition and yet for the first time in
my life about two weeks ago I actually
had this and I'm gonna explain to you
guys what happened with me and my
experience with it and I don't I'm not
saying it links in with this I just
thought it's kind of convenient how it
happens
two weeks before all this starts
happening or even not even two weeks
less than that so basically what
happened I woke up fortunately I kept my
eyes closed on my eyes were closed I
couldn't see I remember trying to reach
for my phone to turn on my Phillips hue
lights because I couldn't see and I
couldn't move so I thought my phone's
there I can grab it but I couldn't move
my hands and basically I felt a presence
stood over me cuz I was in bed stood
over me
look not looking at me but just standing
over me and it was it was like shouting
at me and I kept shouting back in my
hair so that I couldn't hear what it was
saying I didn't want to hear what it was
saying and I remember screaming for mom
screaming mom it wouldn't come out the
words wouldn't come out then I woke up
just like that
and I was so creeped out i sprung our
bed literally turn on all the lights and
just stood and just panicked and the
thing is I knew about this before like I
knew what it was and I knew that I never
got it and as soon as happened I knew
exactly what it was it hasn't happened
since my destoyed mentioned that I
thought I was really really creepy so I
don't really drink Coke Zero but yeah I
mean I guess that basically wraps up
this video
something completely different I don't
know what you guys are gonna think to
this I'm just I'm just scared you know
I'm really I'm scared I never believed
in ghosts never believed in any of this
and it's just everything just kind of
seems to be happening at once but guys
tell me what you think of this all in
the comment section below if you new
remember to subscribe videos aren't
always like this they're usually a lot
more jolly and fun but I just felt the
need to make this one and guys if you've
enjoyed these kind of ghost videos and
you want me to I don't know look deeper
into this and leave a like on the video
and yeah guys again once again thank you
all so much for watching and as always
I've been more you guys been awesome and
I'll see you in my next video peace out
if you enjoyed the video then remember
to subscribe to mugsy's channel and
don't forget to leave a like if you have
a big penis thanks for watching this I
happened
