ah the towers fallen free to warn guys
disgusting you said it was gonna be nice
hello guys welcome back to another video
today I am going to be blending 100
McDonald's chicken burgers and making
one of the most unhealthy drinks ever
diabetes here we cook I'm telling you
guys fat morgs is on the way by
nonetheless McDonald's challenge at it I
ordered one chicken nugger today were
ordered 100 so you know they love ever
change that and if you're new to my
channel remember to hit that subscribe
button down below
all the time I'm recording this we are
about 90,000 subscribers off of 2
million we're growing so quick in the
moment so please subscribe and join the
team honor the road to 2 million I've
got more on the carbon IMAG hi guys
there you go go through it on the floor
looking kind of a Scouter scared dozen a
high five high five high five high five
high five high five ha what's going on I
thought you trained him okay high five
they only took him 70,000 attempt anyway
mom are you ready I say we go and we get
this whole thing started you ready yeah
let's do it
guys $1,000 chicken nuggets thousand
guys $104 chicken dog this thrill japa
like if you want me to blend 1000 of
them together
oh guys I'll see you when we're in the
car mama for lava five four three watch
oh she just did the hey you didn't do it
mom not playing that today Morgan
different game now okay guys we're just
pulling up right now to the McDonald's
the suspense is building I wonder if
they're gonna think I'm weird or do 100
chicken nuggets it's a little bit weird
though isn't it anyway as you can see
we're going in and through the
drive-through cue the dramatic music is
it even possible to make him with dolls
drive-thru seen dramatic currently so
yeah walk right over here Oh clever Big
Mac meal please another Smokies bit can
I have a twenty chicken nugget share box
now am I actually in fact have another
one another one yeah another one another
one actually are another one another one
sixteen ogres yeah well yeah actually
hold on here another one another one
have 80 oh yeah you know what
I have another one another one one more
fun do chicken nuggets all goes hundred
nuggets yeah actually and I'll have just
one barbecue dip please just one
yeah that's everything Thanks the other
could pits when you get to the window
thank you bro oh no I forgot my deku and
I just a sauce to have oh my god advice
justice sources it's just died the
sources the order was so big that they
didn't actually give us through the
drive-thru they told us it'd be like ten
minutes and to wait here but we got the
sauces army now we got we got something
comes up some nice barbecue are you
doing wait you just leave you're looking
but man oh but guys while we wait for
the food I just want to quickly told you
I mean this has been like I think this
is the seventh day in a row actually no
because I don't know this is gonna go
alive long story short I've been going
daily for a while now I've been working
real hard you loads of videos with more
man Martin and yeah I've been really
really enjoying it oh you're ridiculous
you're spoiling my motivational speech
and guys I want to say thank you for all
of the support so far on this daily
streak you guys have been really loving
it show loads of support the videos
leaving loads of like subscribing
tonight and we're getting so close to 2
million and I just want to say thank you
for that
and what sick actually this is gone too
far but you have mom sings you're so
keen to getting the video so light golf
this video we didn't actually set 120
21,000 guys smash alike right now
subscribe it in you
this is pretty brilliant
oh then give him a robot more then oh
yeah oh thank you
put it on the government ease oh boy
thank you get all day nice
so me 9 I know how this one is it's been
please steal my nuggets day oh you know
what give me one then if we're gonna
belong hmm you enjoyed that so we're
back home right now and as you can see
the tower is standing tall five boxes I
would say hundred nuggets but there's 40
97 now anyway a massive pile of sauce
and mum are you ready to get this thing
started let's do it okay so we're gonna
need the blender obviously this planet
is doomed for a hell of a lot but today
is going all the challenges we're gonna
try and black 100 chicken nuggets and
use the sauce as a way of like a liquid
so the first step get this blender
plugged in there get it turned on ah
the tower has fallen
hello I'd I'd get the ball ender on top
of it it's been a while since we've
actually used this has a little this is
the first box for some reason was one in
there which is been happy and so you
know I'm just gonna heal I'm hoping if
you offer y'all eat you know it was so
good
empty tomb into though I have to blend
two loves I have to do it do it like bit
by a bit won't wait I think okay that's
- oh yo two boxes in it's already full
oh my god this is gonna be harder than
we thought okay so this is the first lot
of chicken noise next I'm going to get
in some sauces because there only seems
ride I think well I've had a little bit
of water as well just cuz sources are
still pretty thick a handful links with
you greasy ha I gotta do it you're free
I'm gonna have to wash my hands the two
recent lips you can't do it I still
can't do it
probably the pots probably grease you
know oh there we go boys we're a
business oh yeah Jerusalem over fat mobs
is on his way back obviously loving it
to us yeah Noah BBQ get there now don't
want to barbecue tonight overpower the
chicken nuggets but think I'm just gonna
leave her two big guys in North barbecue
but then as well as that we are gonna
have to go over here and grab a glass to
put some water in it how much you think
maybe I think that might be enough
actually usually give that I go I said
we give that I go on bligg is on that
firm make sure it's family on there it's
gotta be firm three two one
Oh No not a good sign
now we got sinus all hmm I wonder who
and what we're gonna do ah ah much the
law
she's such a groove in a greasy our
balloon it don't look good does it let's
pull that back over there
three two one water doesn't taste of
anything so it's not going to do up to
the flavor which is good oh yeah oh this
is disgusting mom there's actually lock
disgusted aah oh my god
this is absolutely is it foul
it looks vile is the eye a super grease
are we still grease if you look close
look at this look at the spoon that is
absolutely disgusting oh my god yeah
I think we have to leave hurt ha oh my
god what on air for we create it's
blended or I play just looks Oh who's
Chinese than you yeah no try an air no
switcher brunette where should we
actually like Bruno lick the spoon
yeah if you like the spin without that
one do anything will it if you just like
to know the free Oh Genie I guess
they're okay I don't want to see any
like animal abuse comments because it's
only chicken nuggets and we only let
them with your spoon believe it uh check
a nice enough just end the video or am I
gonna need to try it try it guys want me
to me for oh my god this is so Evie
genuinely it's actually like really
heavy you could have a lot more games oh
my god I'm not gonna drink it all along
shine my boy banana milkshake didn't it
Oh Underpants Poppins if he notices good
luck enjoy and Oh smells ilogger swore
at weird
oh five four three two
the floor is lava all that the floor is
lava five four three down dried regional
yeah I can't get down now properly three
two one go over to Nikki he's not good
film hopefully chicken nuggets he
startles oh oh guys subscribe right now
subscribe and I'll do it
Oh three three two one
terrible the texture that was so big it
was just so thick warm it tasted like
genuinely like your grease just pure
bloody grease oh my god oh my god that
is absolutely foul just enjoy your
chicken nuggets guys they don't need to
be made into a drink you don't need to
do it just don't guys just don't I've
done it so you don't have to know a word
I buzz can you try it don't learn about
generally women but all it was really
nice
my mum has agreed to try right now
pressured into it okay mom whenever you
ready take it away love
Frank don't burn haha that's disgusting
you said it was gonna be nice haha you
like you fell you fell for the oldest
one in the board man oh it's lovely
you're gonna love it it's not a bad
chicken sue
moon do you think we should go and save
my once a child let's make him do it I
think I should probably give him a new
glass though oh yeah this is for sure
this is really nice
this is hot girl hot okay you offer you
know you can come as well Martin we have
a surprise for you now come out wherever
you are
oh hey there buddy we thought we'd give
you all this to try it wasn't amazing
actually really nice
well not really nice but it this old
chicken notice anything yeah whoa whoa
oh cool
it's not real said he was an alien
strong within Cheers
weird sorry query well guys that happens
when you blend together for me we didn't
blend them all because we physically
couldn't but you know that's what
happens when you blend chicken boogers I
would not recommend trying it was bloody
disgusting but if you're new to my
channel remember to hit that subscribe
button down below we're on the road to 2
million and if you're watching they say
you aren't already in the team feel free
and join the team and hit that subscribe
button
remember to leave a like on this video
we'll do more crazy McDonald's
challenges and comment down below what
you want us to do why it wants to blend
what you want us to say to McDonald's I
don't know you tell us what you want to
see
well guys shout out to my child to mom
and shout out to DOM who commented on my
video that he loves my channel he's been
subscribed since 1k and it loves my
challenge video shout out to you if you
want to shower in the next video leave a
like subscribe and turn on my channel
notification but guys as always I've
been bored you guys been awesome and
I'll see you in my next video peace out
if you enjoyed the video then remember
to subscribe to mug this channel and
don't forget to leave a like if you have
a big penis
thanks for watching peace out of it
