I've been pranked by the King by my
little shitty son no no no no don't
don't
you're joking me watch your back you
better watch your back every day you
wake up you better watch your back
because I've got lots of pranks in mind
and I'm coming for you mum I warned your
mum I've told you to watch your back I
told you then you wouldn't get away with
it I told you that I prank you back
harder than I've ever pranked before a
month today's the day hello guys I'm
welcome back to another video today is
gonna be the revenge prank that you've
been waiting for I've been thinking and
planning and today the day RAAM gonna
pull off probably the best prank I've
ever done using these bad boys I hear
guys guarantee this prank is gonna be
legendary now if you're new to my
channel and you haven't seen me before
please go down and subscribe right now
to the channel seller self a goal to
reach 2 mil subscribers before my
birthday and it's gonna be close so I
need your help and also while you
download subscribing if you could leave
a like on the video and turn on
notifications that'd mean a lot to me
they literally tell you guys like two
seconds but it means so much to me since
we're doing a crazy prank let's say
crazy light target for this video I'm
thinking 35,000 guys can we smash it
looks like we're gonna have to wait and
see well guys if you haven't gathered
already the prank I'm gonna be doing
today is a tattoo prime basically long
story short I'm gonna be gaily stick-on
tattoo sick and one of them on me and
then telling my mum that I have gone and
got a tattoo at age 50 and the reason
this prank is gonna be so good is
because all parent are really really
strict about tattoos and all that stuff
I've mentioned get a tattoo his mum or
my few times and she's always like good
go good go good guru so when I go down
and show her that I've gone out and go
she is gonna be fuming be sure to watch
the full video guys because the reaction
I don't even know what to expect and
ever since mom broke my Fuji spinner
I've been preparing for this prize every
now when I get up and telling her that
I've been thinking about getting a
tattoo and just kind of hinted it here
and there just so obviously when I go
down the show is more believable now
she's in the shower right now which is
why I'm you know speaking quite loudly
but wanted to do in a few minutes is
obviously firstly get the tattoo on me
and then I'm gonna sell this camera
downstairs in the kitchen and then
obviously soon as she's done in the
shower she'll go down to the kitchen
because you know that's why she spends
most of her time and I'm gonna burst
down into the kitchen show the tattoo
and Gary action guys I am scared
but it's gonna be fun I'm excited but
nervous now feel free to leave any other
prank ideas in the comment section below
they want me to do on her or maybe cuz
she reads the comment section her to do
on me but I don't know
I'd also check my other social media all
the links will be in the description
Twitter snapchat Instagram go hit that
log but guys I'm gonna take my camera
into the bathroom I'm gonna pick a
tattoo let's do it guys let's let's do
this so little bit one of these ones
because I feel like these are like the
nicest ones and these are something that
I would actually get like in the future
the few decent ones on there like I like
that one down there I think that's
probably the one I'll use I think what I
will do is just keep it to one tattoo
because if I get for you I think that
will just make it a little bit less
believable the next question is where do
I actually put it on my body I think one
believe you guys just put it kind of
like there on my arm because I feel like
I feel like that's the most believable
place I don't know if mom would believe
me if I put on my belly
maybe my back but that'd just be really
hard to put on and definitely not my leg
or anything so I think I'm just gonna do
kind of like round my bicep no I
absolutely bloody massive bicep guys I'm
joking the one day I wear long sleeves
like that's just a bit bad luck isn't it
guys I'm just gonna switch tops because
it was just annoying me having to roll
my sleeve up but yeah saying replica
Westwood you do the West punch so I
guess let's just do this will it stick
first place it on okay it's on it's on
it's on and wet it Oh sugar
to be quick as well okay that wasn't
good okay yeah I've got I think it's on
sure dark God should probably let over
the police sink you know what I'm gonna
go I'm gonna go lean over the sink guys
give me a minute okay time to the big
reveal
I see if this worked oh wait one minute
oh that's not good yeah I would like
dude I'm showing off but you know I
don't really want to make a fool of
myself oh no guys bad news I've just put
the towel on it and it's ripped off the
tattoo locally there's a spare the looks
the exact same so let's try again
guys we've sorted it this one's come out
really well actually I've done it a
little bit lower down my arm but as you
can see this one's came out really well
oh my god you know I'm getting extremely
lucky with timing but mum I've literally
just heard the shower go off that means
I should probably get a move on guys I'm
gonna go set this camera up downstairs
leave a like if you're excited subscribe
if you're new let's do this I literally
don't know how I've managed to sell this
hidden camera so hidden did not chance
she's gonna see that she doesn't usually
come round here anyway and inspect this
area even if she does I'm confident she
ain't seeing this frickin camera so yeah
I've got the tattoo ready as you can see
I was listening I can hear the hairdryer
upstairs now so like I can speak quite
loudly she's obviously doing a hair to
be honest mom spends more time in this
kitchen than she does every other room
combined so I know she'll come down and
just bloody mess around and do some
tidying or something but yeah guys I'm
gonna stop running let's do this I'm
excited are you guys excited hopefully
you are by anyway I'm off right now guys
let's do this
right now see full chin DL
yeah we do I know we go and sick of you
I booked it on half 700 times it now I
know it's only a plus 2 but I'm getting
ready now I've got one two things and
errands and obstacles don't forget ready
now you know I'm in an omelet to chuck
we go man
yeah yeah no no no me but I mean I'm
your nothing of your eyes nothing like
that I passed so you know wow I've been
saying for past few we warm up a few
weeks about the past week about like you
know some day get a ton to you yeah when
you're old
yeah yeah but you know how to do it yeah
yeah well I like search bonus and you
want to have long look you want music
well no no no I got one off one it's
just you know our friends like the
tattoo meet you with other guys on
YouTube
I don't know keep saying - I know this
person uppers
oh no other 90% Oliver he goes round and
just like tattoos youtubers and goes
every time I meet you this you know you
should talk to Walter a special tattoo
yeah we do this I mean obviously cuz
I've met him a little bit because
obviously we wouldn't say I don't want
him to do your tattoo is that we darling
well it's kinda just weekend when I to
London yeah they'd over while there I
guess I was going shopping a while
though I got went to his a few places
modern what for it only got one he
didn't want just like it's just a say
where is it your tattoo where turn
around turn around
Oh surely I'm going to show it you just
I'm not calm you saying if you've got a
to all to see it yeah is that why is it
everybody I can see yes and - would you
be beautiful it defies all Donna dinner
is nothing still should wait down shall
we eat them just a small warmer it's all
one ritually like come on you're going
to happiness
yeah and I'm ignoring it so you didn't
ask me if you could have it involved
yeah how can I continue what I don't ask
you because just needed just football 15
hour gonna we've all I know it suggests
these things you're going to see just
slip out why so I'm sure I do know the
one I was gonna just do it rather than
just I always soon you know it's just
understanding happy no big deal it
shouldn't be a big deal for civilian le
top yes for it's all a do some for it
you want to be
we're 1812 on this four songs if you and
remodel so it's up to much Charlie you
crap it
did you tell me one day money 12 100
didn't know you didn't see you design to
it and then you'd like to me really what
that what that I'd like to know
something
well are yes told you it just looks
silly
it just looks ugly little fingers little
drainpipe the arms it's just a little
bottle top it looks like a row I am
digging another thing that goes on the
top of the game the swirly thing you
just a bit wrong time bomb why not power
by no real time no I just think over 550
there's rules I start with um you know
what you know my this rules you should
not own up to make cookie-mommy
you're joking 15 now using our order
when I speak you decide hello pussy face
we can decide I don't want it I always
wanted it oh and you're about this
moment is needed to sleep I'm a
classical see you later you're at your
mom how you do everything do and then
it's a nice my fault is your folks in
your hope you should trust me you can't
just go do things like that without
asking can't just go and do things like
this without our skin get 15
no one was a sweet if you want something
else you know
honey yeah that's it I mean Oliver's not
ready to speak to him about this now
anything you could just want women are
tattoos don't ya and it'll do it right I
need to know his number and I need to
speak to him I'm gonna tell him no
tattoos you're 15 what background the
place I can actually look we're still
important
he's coming around to us tomorrow shoot
the video is going to talk to me on the
video you're taking the piss
do you think someone who's still not to
use face yeah is a large come round in
I'm gonna set out to it looks like many
called rounder yeah I like you I want to
get much make sense I don't you know I
don't want to try to provide in that she
won this is hard on you wrong again
you're watching super bring you more now
cow wrinkles and lemon roll don't you go
home and tell them not below I'm sure
the biscuit rather than those beats one
of the legs of things so yeah we have
touches garage we'll do a second your
ladies off the good one
Morgan you don't understand dear this is
permanent yes I know it's permanent and
so is your fucking constant worrying
over the top I'm sick of it okay
signorina Morgan go find somewhere else
to let go lucky go take it off
oh shit off you go Oh actually look whoa
it's ridiculous
look ridiculous yeah it's ridiculous
it looks infected you don't you're very
much you just better get away with it I
gave you a warning I said to you I said
to I was commenting about what you buy
you fell for the oldest trick in the
you'd even bother to like smooch or
anything about I saw your tattoo tattoos
don't smoke the signature move over the
prank
after you get pranked it's a rule you
have to walk down the lens of the camera
look down it meant right
one's and say I've been pranked by the
king by my little shitty son oh by the
way I really like the role was about
ones you love them too much mom oh I
will get you back so you will know now
oh oh oh oh no worried all my family for
about two years you yeah
yeah watch your hands I nearly now just
learn how to switch that come round and
recorded now now to do it so you watch
your back little shifty soon well guys
there's the end of the video mum don't
look too happy
well it's prank wars now Morgan that's
it I'm so nervous
Sox inkling around girl yeah right Walsh
is basically the me prank in your meal
no no while you stand up my game only
price your dilma game was just chucking
a Boozman out the window i no one can do
that you have to have the acting skills
to pop a trick you okay
one game always look any well let's see
what you're gonna see well parents or
cruelty comment in the section below if
everybody thinks Morgan's been too cruel
today it's been a good name of pranks
yeah guys if you've enjoyed your member
to subscribe to the channel down below
and also check out my other social media
in the description it's in the
description below and remember to leave
a like on the video as well that I meet
a lot as I said very 5000 wide would be
amazing
guys thank you so much you're watching
it really means a lot to me and as
always I've been more she's been mom you
guys been awesome and we'll see you in
the next video peace if you enjoyed the
video then remember to subscribe to
mugsy's channel and don't forget to
leave a like if you have a big penis
thanks for watching
these are happens
