hello guys and today I'm gonna be
filling my bathtub with 1,000 bubbles
this is gonna be crazy
they smell gorgeous so guys in this box
I have loads of different bags of bat
bomb loads of different cooling loads of
different smell pretty sure these are
strawberry or raspberry we got some blue
on is what you're gonna be blueberry oh
my god want to smell that what flavors
that then they smell so good down there
no no no you can't eat a monkey Katya I
know it'll be in one but you can't eat
the bug bomb excuse me oh my god this my
life like flowers that's amazing Oh
oh that's so good oh no that's just some
of the flavors but we've got a hell of a
lot more what I'm gonna be doing is
getting my bathtub right here and then
lay the box of them on me and see you
more reaction we yeah I'm thinking it's
gonna explode like this could be really
crazy think of the reaction you get from
warm bath ball yellow buddy 1000 now
guys if this is the first time you've
seen me on your screen remember to go
down and smash that like one let's try
and smash it 8,000 50,000 nice a high
like oh guys people's would get 50,000
not be amazing if I need all of you guys
to leave a line I'm while you're down
there remember day not subscribe if
you're not already for daily content
just like this I'd also take my channel
notifications by clicking the little
bell but I want to take a look at more
these flavors
we got some nice green ones I bet
they're amazing y'all look at them like
purple cooler oh wow even more purple
right there oh my god mom it's a bath
bomb
he's a bath bomb look oh my god that's
full of styrene that's the protector in
the bowl so then we go into the fibers
of light loads of mixed ones all
together the size of that vine of the
pink one what Wow digging down deeper we
got some really nice-looking big ones
come on you know we need to do we need
to get these all out of the packages and
into the box and you know what this
calls for
it calls for a little bit of magic ting
magic and editing so with the power of
magic I will magically make all these
guys that took longer than we expected
we will actually start there for about
20 minutes but look at this oh my god I
cannot even describe the smells I'm
getting right now like imagine just
headfirst diving through a field of like
a million different flowers and just an
absolutely buddy a blurry and by them
that's what it smells like it smells
like an obliterated by flowers but
seriously usually the smells we get in
the bathroom right now on there but
today it's coming from this and it's
actually quite nice isn't there no just
before we start we need to take a moment
to remember some of the previous
occurrences that has happened in this
bar
Oh oh no oh no see guys this Papa's beer
all awesome this is kind of like our
reward to it we're making it smell
really nice boy and that was time for
the moment we've all been waiting for
oh the bottom of its wet oh you been
working out molten obviously not okay so
guys I'm gonna get into the buff right
now okay so let me move these out of the
way into there because guys I'm getting
into the bath oh my god wait oh it's
like it's not cold but it's not hot it's
just nice it's just good temperature not
gonna lie I do love Oh time is like my
favorite time if you guys have me on
snapchat y'all know I wore I freaking
love a good bath like it's my favorite
thing to do
I reckon you about about three bus today
my third one guys but without further
ado mum's gonna hand me the box and
we're gonna get this started
guys leave a like on the video if you're
excited subscribe if can you tell me
what you think it's gonna happen in the
conversation below but Mormon let's get
this pie style okay guys are you ready
for the first day
Oh
oh my god oh my god actually crazy you
know casually just chilling there it's
like steam will the entire room look
guys that slowly slowly disintegrate it
just looks like a glass of wine no dream
right here this is how every beautiful
Morgan what you doing in there oh hey
mom seriously look at this color look is
how actually it fully is like a button
and blood at this point what's the water
smell like is it really nice it's not
relevant in closer
you know it just just smells like
flowers
after myself from the you might be
allergic to allergic to it okay Jesus
well guys this was probably one of the
most random videos I've ever thought I
ordered those the bath bombs and I just
thought it'd be cool to test down see
what the reaction was and it was
freaking crazy I mean it was like a
month it was like a massive fizz with
all the noises Matt was pretty crazy
then I'm most surprised that was the
color and everything and all the colors
and just the smells it was really cool
guys if you're into doing another bath
challenge firstly comment down below
what you want me to fill my bathroom
I'll also leave a like on the video down
below and subscribe to my channel that
mean a lot to me you shout out to more
on the camera remember to check out my
other social media all the links are in
the description and my merchandise of
course for guys thank y'all so much for
watching and as always I've involved you
guys been awesome but instead of peace
out oh I guess we'll just go with then
remember to subscribe to mug this
channel I don't forget to leave a like
if you have a big penis
thanks for watching this happens
