it's a goldfish more though and you just
look at the Wigan Ospina get to it when
I get this is going to seriously be
regretting the life
hello guys welcome back to the restroom
of mold today I'm here with a customer
and not very happy to be their customer
and I'm paying customer introduce
yourself
it's not a false article to the
restaurant to try out the Xtreme gummy
food this is real food challenge now if
you wonder why the extreme it because as
you know each one of these dishes will
of warm to me foods one real food
however every single real food has been
messed with
and by restive I mean made really really
horrible so for example take a look at
this okay well we are really nice eyes
with it now this is the first time you
see me of hair on a screen remember
taste our big subscribe button down
below and I'm going to show you guys a
little mini challenge if you can
subscribe to my channel leave a like on
the video and also internal
notifications in seven seconds than you
are your alleged thermal watch Kelton
down three two one seven six five four
three
oh listen now the way we're gonna be
doing this is I think until we both got
dish now we both know what the options
are we don't know which one is wins
we don't know who's got a gummy and
who's got a real food so we're gonna
have a chance to swap our dishes around
before we decide which one we're going
to go with and then whichever one we go
with we have to eat whatever is in there
even if it's horrible we have to eat it
but at the same time you can get really
nice but if you in them yeah because no
I don't want them just fall in at the
end of the day you've only got a 50%
chance of actually came in that food so
this is going to be extremely do I give
this challenge we're going to be keeping
score and make sure you watch the full
video so you can find out who wins the
challenge and you get the notes going
foods or more you ready to get started
yeah well mom we're gonna have to write
come on oh my god so in these two dishes
right here is a gummy burger and a
disgusting real burger take a look at
this okay no classic rustlers burger
already looks pretty foul look at that
yeah it looks like if squid would made a
krabby patty like wow okay you know I'm
gonna change up a little bit not only
I'm on a good on a low Belle's golden
syrup oh yeah to be honest I think it
kind of needs a comment as well as that
I'm gonna learn like some black pepper
is it coming out no he's smart
oh now it is smelling it up all over
whoever's getting this one is not going
to be happy and buying there we go it
looks so innocent but really it's not
innocent at all I don't know why you
want boy who ever gets our babies
definitely sick tonight at all my bugs
so number all the glowing question or
even a sick boy your swamp I don't know
I don't know what do I want to do I will
swap you want to swap again okay mom are
you ready 3 2 1
yeah God
oh look at here with you Tommy burning
Goods and I've got me oh god wait even I
put my crazies yeah how is your boy
burger not drop already come look me
Morgan
mmm come on 3 2 1 oh you need a book it
is horrible full of yeah oh can I get a
drink now try at least try a bit no guys
let's move on
hmm let's move on to the next one okay
we've just been informed that this one
right here is either gummy head oh
really
and we did this one last time London it
last time and she hated it
no I'm loving the air you are power you
have to power yeah even walk through the
restricting one woman is all in your
power of the relay I'm sticking okay
look at your small collar
wow thank you smile sou be pleasing you
little tiger in a zoo one well short of
a car to it both movies power very
starving call me 800 it's good for you
that's what these are bills to build
you're my rescue mom my rules
get it down we like to drink with more
good movies are made and when we drink
with more she gets it down a 700-foot
point for my home taking pictures oh oh
no I can't do it welcome you don't drink
all half of it one more one more girl
mom and I love you mom
god it's such mayor tusks are doing it
on a set with Mario's there we go it's
one one of the Melbourne let's move on
to the next dish okay so this one right
here is either gummy coke or real coke
would take a look at what we do to the
real code okay we're about to destroy
one of my favorite drink dry here
classic coca-cola we're gonna make a
salty coke oh yes it's all Oh No ah ha
ha you're a business owner oh my god oh
my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
y'all will leave on the real Ken
I don't know either in some ways when
you have the choices with your swaps
it's not as good because overall the
power I don't know what to do with the
power you know what my mind tell me one
thing the most municipal tell me the
listings not even they're sailing they
say you always doing boring little suits
and my nipple in ln2 sick so I'm
sticking money does not telling me
anything for money since I'm sure it's
really well yeah three to four months
yeah no easy
oh it's like so many victories okay yeah
but it's normally pretty salty
oh so strong oh oh my god though
surprising everything on here our next
challenge loudly I don't know simple
which one is done this is distinction
real series versus gummy cushy who show
your community and if sushi was annoyed
buddy knows Hey look what we did to it
so we've got this sushi as you can tell
like it doesn't look nice but to make
this even more not nice we're going to
go ahead with the golden combination a
little bit of salt
alright a little bit of so or less as
well as a little bit of pepper pepper on
there like that she's looking pretty
decently now and then to top it on oh my
god the balsamic vinegar salty I would
not want to get this coat with it if we
add all the extra bits on it
Oh anyway I'm going Bob holding your
arms force quickly wide choice right
okay I'm stood kid that's what that
smells of fish smell it coasters out all
the bubbles captain you may provide
doctors with ice-cold maracas it looking
like forever you outer rooms that is a
nagging you may be shove it through the
middle happy God Squad oh this is nice
Oh
oh no soul it's alright soul alive
follow everything you can't be havin
sick of the rest Jones can come wrap
them in it
welcome what you drink to me so mine if
you want
I'm not going because people eat yeah
seriously us but as I was gonna throw up
them ball on mothers to score to to go
to next rounds to get the next for
Campbell you're not gonna be offering us
visualize young
this is fish vs. ha
take a look more weed into the fish it's
the goldfish more than one digit go to
little we're gonna have vinegar to it oh
okay well marry me
oh my god okay I mean I've never seen
this will be more just horrible animal
ID and what is my choice and you know
I'm doing I'm actually on second or I'm
sorting by it
why I don't know imagine if this is the
bad one I'm going to regret rocking that
there's a camera casinos three two one
so she wants to she would let people see
to be fought back mom this thing looks
motion I literally not very sweet oh my
god spice genuinely disgusting and you
got on one piece of meat can send you
are more easily I'm gonna pick you one
piece of one of them just one king of
all of them here I think I just comment
southern I'm not going to pick that up
that I told her and that's probably my
Lord I'm going to go with wherever the
hell this freakin yellow thing is I yeah
I'm just going to enjoy my swedish fish
my rear pork bacon oh and a vinegar ha
ha ha my terrible overworld heart do it
called me horrible
I will return said then Todd
Oh God Oh electrical she's been to
fishing around God next challenge
so this'll Myers go mouthful this is the
real awful but Dave look what we did to
the apples you know what once let's make
it a little bit different for that poor
one let's make this one a little bit a
nice one well that maple syrup into
there I thought okay let's just say you
know what let's just sleep it up
so either way we just want to actually
get some real life a little bit
necessarily be autumn like a bad thing
what they wrote be getting a point and
more with your choice oh you want a
sticker walk oh well okay
okay three two one oh you got a point
breathe away I don't mind I'm gonna
frickin Apple I'm going to get a little
bit of Woody's I'm gonna take another
bite yeah good mellow rock how Apple by
the way
look I like gummy shoulder Bowl today I
was born at this hotel really not cool
ah never been before
laughing that nicely sure everyone this
is Merlin guy's neck ROM simplest one is
the gooey bananas versus real banana and
take a look at what we did to the poor
banana
oK we've got a nice or banana right here
lookin lookin pretty tasty let's let me
on this open I'm thinking you know I'm
thinking nasal simian I'm thinking of it
it's sitting on there can't even look at
the name oh my god cinnamon challenge I
look at up a little bit of all rumack Oh
Charles is everywhere by probably the
most disgusting Madonna of all time so
it will be holy bananas actually too big
to print idea so basically whoever falls
the real banana with the reeds are there
was another one going to given the
companies so long my choice only six I'm
sticking I'm praying to nothing
praising offering three two one Oh God
oh you've got cinnamon on it
Oh amazing
oh my birthday by the moment well bit
love tastes like banana and mom thank
you for this way there's like 97 are the
10 percent cinnamon or Lewis pekaso
remember that cinnamon challenge
collection so that was all cinnamon exam
citizen all cinnamon so more take it
away look for my I am you know I have to
comment a little bit yes I hold on it
but just not on say I don't come it
that's kind of weird
I know like a cinnamon such as clue well
fellas cuz I know for us there you go no
challenge rhyme almost asking myself a
hospital and what this one says Pete's a
good easy services real peaceful and
what did we do to the PZ Ruskin take a
wall okay so what do you think we should
answer the teaser picture
well that's right or that's already on
it I'm gonna go for the golden syrup oh
let's make this piece a little bit
syrupy oh yeah look at ah it's just I
remember nice absolutely groans Oh
golden syrup pizza will also confirm
they're going things on with so many
freaking oil is warping I'm not sure
tricky division your fees keep looking
at mine mine you're mine I'm gonna stick
a good feeling about three two
oh cheese on it
oh my oh yeah is it rule that me oh nice
all wrong I think I don't burn cold
pizza stinks and it's got mmm c-carly
simmer you got balls on the comment oh
if that revulsion is just bring that
boom that futures got rebuffing stir OH
she does not look happy he looked up
nothing when you put it down Oh like you
in a bit by bit you go to mr. flat honey
and horrible and you could have to do
one disease you've been done by now
oh oh so they cover car but I can
confirm wounded either piece how
shocking throwing on
well guys right here we have real hot
dog versus gloomy hot dog and this is
what we did to the original honk more
but which one do you think we should add
to the American hot dogs sold sold sold
yet do you know what I think you sounded
a little bit like what you were like so
so I'm gonna like I'm gonna like this
cinnamon moment your word nightmare all
over all over the hotdog that's mixed
all oh look at her oh oh no guys
cinnamon hot dogs there we go
it looks absolutely revolting and it's
not sick right now and I'm choosing sick
did you know what you do oh my god after
seven I are getting so lucky I think I'm
only one I think I've already won not
airborne yeah we're off to do round out
little is there were no point
oh my god these are the Bell
Oh Ohio link oh fuck what are you doing
to me but I'm just oh oh my god oh no
you're doing another high one more hard
and hopefully this one console it it's
revolting cinnamon oh god he's on the
other bike oh no oh God Oh
you've lost you choke to death guidance
now with our dog let's be hot not to it
was fuck let's move on guys to the final
challenge no mirrors if I yell I'm not
guys to go final challenge
mommy's time for the gloomy brain versus
real gray the grunts and all the guys
take a look our real brains okay so I'm
not really surprisingly when we went
into the shot boards or something the
whole like a braid we did not much look
so what we've done is we've bought these
cauliflower which kind of if you look at
this middle bit looks like a brain where
is it really that disgusting right now
so what we're going to do we're not good
on the whole package we're not going to
have big serum we're not going to soul
all the pepper and then we're gonna
observe all of them women just sprinkle
little bear that over the brain
sprinkled all over that my god same
thing with this where I get all over the
freaking brain to school at all over it
and just ah and then finally the
balsamic vinegars just like that there
we go into the brain and then we have
the most disgusting things
yeah okay whoever get this is going to
seriously regret no I I mean I like it
that's what wheels grating would
actually look like and tastes like but
yeah mom you've got the power I mean
your boy little off with a point funny
and I think you'll be pleased about if
you don't get the real brains how are
you stickers or just what good is
anything
mistake throat cream if this horrible
brain I can't do it
sorry I'm not doing it oh my little ding
ding ding because it takes away some of
this some of those foolish women now
because I'd like to go out with this
pudding thing know what do i do
daughters take a big buyout you just
have to put your mouth on to it I must
go ask approval mouth on through it yes
Morgan if I get fish still spoken and it
pops off then you can eat a little bit
cabbage card on three two wah ah q Jim
swallow
- oh it's crucian canary crunching up
uh-huh oh you keep preaching yes you
fucking tell me no well that's not
attractive be alright oh okay
oh yeah good be sick Oh handle mark
that's done is that I won't be worse
than a bad day because I don't even like
pull on what terrible ways to go out
winning Oh guys that was a stream goodie
food closes real food probably the worst
challenge I've ever done and you know I
technically did like the new book yeah
that mind that not gravy was going to
discuss the book guys if you've enjoyed
remember to smash alive down below and
also subscribe and turn on my
notifications for a shout out in the
next video the shark on this video goes
to JJ me no one who saves his laws
videos what I do them with my mom so you
know either going to be happy watching
this so yeah shout out to you Jay is
going to shower next video leave a like
subscribe and turn on my channel
notifications guys if you want to check
out my merchandise they'll be only in
the description down below gain self
assured Gator did you spin the gate know
whatever you want and also my other
social media Twitter snapchat Instagram
links down in the description and always
but avoid I've been more you've been and
you guys have been very very awesome
and we'll see you in the next video
peace out if you enjoyed the video don't
remember to subscribe and what you tell
oh and don't forget to leave a like if
you have a big penis
haha thanks for watching these are
happen
