today I'm gonna be attempting to stay in
my daughter's house without even knowing
I was there hi Tracy would it be okay if
I stayed in your house overnight and did
it without Karen oink
yeah oh thank you I'm going to stay in
my girlfriend's house overnight with
even knowing I was there Malcolm that's
ridiculous
that's what Tracy said too but I'm still
gonna do it well I guess you are pretty
ridiculous anyway if you guys don't
already carry the exact same prank on me
in my house and I didn't even know she
was here here's the catch her house is a
lot smaller than mine so this is real
quick though guys if this is the first
time you've ever seen me on your screen
then go down there we just hit four
million and now on the road to five
million
so I Morgan you've got a long ways to go
you've gotta go to London and you train
you know what guys I think mom's right
let's go this challenge started mum do
you not realize we have two minutes to
get to the Train why are we in
McDonald's there's always time for a
McDonald's log there's not time we can
do it
oh just drive away mom just
we just arrived the reason I've got my
hoodie on is because for this next part
of the video we need to be extremely
stealthy the time is currently 9 p.m.
and Cara's house is literally just there
in Cara's house right now is Cara and
Cara's mom Tracy and you're probably
thinking that 9 p.m. most normal people
would be getting ready for bed I know
for a fact Cara will not be youtubers
aren't normal people we don't have
normal sleeping patterns so she's gonna
be alert she's gonna be listening she's
gonna be in that house so that means I
can't just take the front door and walk
in like it's my house I need to be
sneaky here so I texted Tracy and she's
left me one of the windows open a little
bit I I'm gonna go super stealth mode
and climb in through a window wish me
luck
this ain't gonna be easy guys my heart
is pounding right now I'm literally
never usually this quiet but I see the
window I think I'm gonna have to sleep
slept
we've been sneaking for literally 1
minute and I've already kicked something
I knocked it onto the floor ok here we
go as you can see you guys the window is
open just a little bit I can open it
like that ok this is all the space I
have to work with guys I am 6 foot 3 I
wouldn't say I'm exactly skinny and I
have a massive backpack on my back how
on earth am I gonna fit through this ok
first things first I'm gonna get my bag
inside the pack is through oh my god I'd
ever know and use these blinds how do i
lock them
Oh God then give the blinds are open he
goes nothing guys I think I just broke
my head no no time out I'm just gonna
have to drag myself for there's no other
option huh I think I'm stuck I think 20
minutes later
oh no I got the TV remote oh no you
don't like you here wait did you just
say Cara's not here wait what did you
text me because I thought he was in when
she called me back
I didn't read the message carols they
even in she's gone out racy text me and
I missed it looks like she'll be home in
10 minutes guys so I think why need to
do right now is scout the entire house
look for the best hiding places and then
once she gets back I need to hide from
her I can't believe all that for nothing
anyway
we need to get the hide and Busan let's
do this okay Timur Kara is gonna be home
literally any minute now
I just hid my bag and my hoodie upstairs
in Traci's room which obviously here
isn't gonna go there so that's a pretty
safe spot but for this pose I can
actually hide in this is the kitchen
right here there's a pretty decent space
behind the door in front of the fridge
there so maybe if here comes in to you
know get a drink or something I can hide
behind there and she might not be able
to spot this is the hallway right here
as you can see
you come straight through I do not want
to be messing about in here because
there is no space as to hi literally if
Kara walks in now I would be finished
this right here you guys is at Euler as
you can probably tell in the toilet
though there is again another nice space
around the back of the door which I may
use this is the bathroom as you can see
we've got back there a seat there I
think this is gonna be one of my best
spots out of this video because Sheridan
actually baths very often like ever
she passed like once every week and also
I should lay down and hide in about and
unless she comes in here I'll be the
next room is the lounge this is why
Kara's dog show off sleeps and if he
doesn't like me and starts barking at me
while Kara is in the house then my Cobra
he'll be blown but luckily I have a plan
to tame the beasts sure look look what I
have sit Sherlock sit stand stand
good boy Sherlock good boy there you go
you're not gonna bark at me are you will
die oh and also in here guys we've got
two sofas and also a really good hiding
spot right here behind the sofa I think
this is gonna be my main hiding spot
Cara's gonna be home any second now guys
less flipping do this thing
hey Instagram so many fathers who think
he's happy feeling stick you ready
oh you something isn't she
that's so ugly Nani there's so what the
you looks so good
two thousand years later hey you hungry
would I did not realize good
okay guys the coast is clear she just
went upstairs guys I did not realize
girls took that many selfies guys okay
Sherlock's gone now we need to keep an
eye on him to him could blow our cover
very easily you know what goes in
hindsight really didn't prepare enough
for this challenge I have no water no
food all I have is this iron that was
left down here for some reason I'm not
really sure why so I think it's time to
turn on I'm gonna try and go get a snack
kara and Tracy are upstairs right now so
I think the coast is clear but I need to
make sure I do not make a sound because
it is very very quiet in this house and
if I like any loud bang or show a door
here at will air
stay stay that stay I was kind of loud
that was kind of loud
you know what kerosene as you always
like to take my food in my house let's
see what snacks you have what oh my gosh
no this looks amazing
you know what you guys are probably
thinking molds is gonna go for the BBQ
chicken drumsticks or the Reese's
chocolate no you guys have been calling
me fat morgues in the comments so all
I'm gonna take is this big juicy
cucumber and also I feel like I should
probably take a bottle of this water
this and the cute
what dice I cannot believe I'm saying
this but she just thought I oughta be
joking that was my that was my otter but
guys I don't think she took the cucumber
so oh I gotta go back and get it I'm
doing it for the cucumber
nailed it
I just risked this entire video for a
flipping Here Come and you know what I'm
not gonna let it go to waste
on second thought actually have probably
took the Reese's okay so guys I've
literally been sat here for 30 minutes
just playing with this water gone watch
out guys anyway guys I've just been
subtle listening to what Kiera I've been
up to
I hope you'll leave the room and then
come back and then I heard her laptop
she was anything a video I think she's
going to be doing that for a few more
hours so instead of sitting around here
waiting I am going to go and explore or
stash know I heard him here as mum that
Kara is very messy and every time I come
to her house she cleans her room for me
here didn't know I'm coming this time so
I say we go names all guys
that was good
here goes nothing guys whoa
what care Awards here what what now is
this what oh my gosh there's stuff
everywhere what the where do I even go
hold on a second guys let me just show
the door honestly guys I cannot even
begin to explain to you how weird this
experience actually is I literally feel
like a criminal like I've broken into
someone's house through a window I've
spied on them and now I'm in their
bedroom but it is my girlfriend guys so
don't call the police or anything anyway
to make the challenge even more intense
I'm gonna be attempting to sleep in this
room guys at the same time as Kara so
what I think I might do is move all of
these boxes here or just out the way so
then this space will be empty and I can
kind of lay in that gap and cover myself
with her blanket so then I'll literally
be sleeping a foot away from her and she
will have no idea
there's also another good hiding spot in
the wardrobe guys so if she comes in
this wardrobe is probably gonna be my
safest option but in the meantime guys
I'm just gonna sit back relax and play
some fort night here we'll probably
happy actually because this is the only
way she's gonna be able to get win
she's coming guys here we go get mu
yogurt in water
because I suppose I suppose
it's been 20 minutes I've literally just
been standing here and guys we've
experienced another problem I really
really need the toilet I can't hold it
anymore bro here is literally sat there
listening to anyway I think this is my
chance she's got this song on literally
full blast she will not be able to hear
me guys test see if she can hear this
right okay I'm gonna go for it guys
I cannot believe this at least now we
know what Kira gets up to enough spare
time all blast its everyday bro are you
joking me she should be listening to the
blue moles won't distract not it's
everyday bro anyway that was way way way
too close I was literally right behind
her I need to go to the toilet come on
guys guys we're in the toilet right now
and I've bumped into another problem now
Tracy's asleep right now and if I
flushed the toilet here it will 100%
beer in this toilets for she sounds like
quake
so if she has that go off she's gonna
storm down here as she's gonna search
the house she's probably gonna call the
police
I'm probably gonna be arrested so we
can't flush the toilet however guys I
really need to do a poo yeah I've been
holding in all day it was the cucumber I
swear so guys I don't see any other
option here or the dam I'm gonna have to
do the business leave it in the toilet
and then Kira will hopefully think it
was Tracy so sorry Tracy put them on
you're gonna do what I mind is gonna do
but I got to do this
whoo oh that's a lot better
maybe we should just leave that down for
now
whoever next goes to the toilet is gonna
have a big surprise
guys I have no clue what she's doing
I'm in the kitchen she's just calling
the bathroom guys I don't know what
she's doing
I think she's pushing it
Kirra that was revenge for all the poops
you doing my toilet anyway guys by the
looks of it she was cleaning her teeth
so she's probably getting ready for bed
right now so I'm gonna go into a room
and get my bed prepared right next to
her okay guys so I've just moved all the
boxes here and piled them here and
literally cleaning your room for you and
this is gonna be my bed for the night
down the crack of the bed I'm gonna
cover myself with blanket she's got
absolutely loads on I'm also gonna cover
myself with some of the boxes as well
the time is literally 1 a.m. right now I
don't know if you guys can see my eyes
I'm literally shattered I'm so tired
right now I just need to do this quick
before Kara comes up because I think
she's gonna be coming to bed any minute
she was just cleaning a teeth I don't
know how well you can see this but I'm
down the side of the bed right now it's
not very comfy at all literally my
pillow for the night is gonna be care as
a wall basically all that's left to do
is cover myself with blanket and then
way for Kara
I don't think she's gonna be awake guys
I think it's morning right now let me
check my favor guys the time 703 ad this
is super super early I only slept for
five and a half hours guys care is still
asleep the light is coming through I'm
gonna get up right now try and get up
without waking up Kara
oh my gosh I can't believe this morning
already guys I just thought so flipping
tired well Kara looks like this is
goodbye thank you so much for the trip I
hope you enjoy the rest of you know
okay
oh my gosh guys I cannot believe we
actually did it however the challenge
isn't over yet here is the fun part I
just posted a picture on my Instagram
with Kara and I tagged her in the
picture which means she can see all of
your comments on that picture
so why want you guys to do is go on to
the picture and spam the comments
telling her what I just did when she
sees all your comments and this video
she will freak out and it will be the
funniest thing guys my Instagram is mobs
whitey or just click the link in the
description below also don't forget to
follow the Instagram before you comment
on the picture because if you don't care
I won't see your messages it's also one
last thing if you want me to do this
same video again in my own house with
more Martin Bruno and Pogo inside then
subscribe to the channel if you haven't
already and I will make that video and
it will be hilarious
and as always I've involved you guys
been awesome and I'll see you in my next
video peace out
