so recently on YouTube at the moment
I've been seeing quite a few videos of
people saying that weird stuffs been
happening to them at free oh yeah
however the only weird thing that seems
to happen in our house at 4:00 a.m. is
weird noises from mums begu so it's p.m.
right now at the time I'm recording this
and I'm basically just gonna explore my
house and see what weird things happen
and always for you guys know me I'm
never scared of a challenge so I'm the
perfect guy to try this so if you're new
to my channel remember to subscribe
because I'm getting so close to 2
million and also remember to leave a
like on the video but guys let's let's
try this let's see what really happens
at 3 a.m. Oh
single nyam helper this
I'll call someone free him
hello no no I haven't had an accident in
the last three years I can't even Drive
no you can't off my bank account details
God they never give up I'm done
Oh No well I've got no other choice
comes to the door at 3:00 a.m. what the
hell oh not again
okay guys it's free and it's dark Goff
is your spinner for the grand finale of
this video apparently if you spin it
spin it free and whit's up up and k so I
guess here was nothing let's see if see
if the challenge really is real god damn
it why do I always fall for these stupid
challenges I have cause nothing's gonna
happen what difference does it make it
is Brienne like it's just a freaking
fizzy spinner well guys that was the end
of this different type of video I don't
usually do this type of like skin videos
but when I do that I really really enjoy
them and I want to know if you guys want
me to do these type of videos more so if
you do remember to leave a like on the
video that honestly mean a lot to me if
you boy to the end I mean you may as
well smash why and if you are new please
subscribe to my channel because as I
said I'm getting so close to 2 million
and you're subscribed would mean so much
more to me than you think
like I mean a lot also remember to turn
on my channel notifications by clicking
the little bell so you can be first to
my videos at emo shout out this video
goes to Kaitlyn who say she's been
subscribed since 100k to huge shout out
to you if you're the shout out in the
next video leave a like subscribe and
turn on notification guys one more thing
this is important I just restocked the
molds metal fidget spinners they sold
out after a day so this is literally
your last chance to get them this is the
final time where we stock in them so get
one while you can there'll be a link in
the description so check them out after
the video and balls again guys thank you
so much for watching remember to stay
tuned for the bloopers which are coming
right now
and as always I've been bowled you guys
been awesome and I'll see you in my next
video peace out
no you can't on my bank account details
god damn they never give up that's good
that's great very good
I want to take that one take mr. one
take more try this one oh it's all gone
on your top and stain it good cool my
Muppet office help you to smile is
energy case your fault
which way way okay right away I feel
good I tell you what more since where
did you get so attractive get beautiful
eyes like Jesus more my idea is this
makeup why don't you all look like that
I just found a deep treatment boy well
hold on a minute
