it's destroyed she's broken the front
you broke it I broke your time and yet
with your summons not the last goal
fidget spin of this lamb I'm gonna give
you guys five seconds to guess what I'm
gonna be doing in today's video if you
guess pranking my mum then you're
correct let's face it oh that's all ever
do to be honest
anyway I just woke up I'm right now I'm
gonna go get a bath I love puffs because
to help me wash away all my sadness and
depression I mean get a good start to
the day of course
have you ever seen a better lie in you
in your entire life
a few moments later one bath later I'm
not really too sure what I intro was but
anyway hello guys and welcome back to
another video today literally I'm just
gonna be annoying mumble yes
for the entire video I'm just gonna be
annoying my mom Wow I am I am a really
really bad son and the way I'm gonna be
annoying is with these bad boys down
here my brand-new metal fidgets spinners
oh yeah these are my mouth busy spinners
I just brung out a few days ago and I'm
gonna be using these to annoy you in
this video you may be thinking how can
you annoy someone with a mortgage
spinner I mean they're just they're just
so cool I doubt any you're actually
thinking that but anyway let me
demonstrate
oh I absolutely mean it does a pretty
funny start and if you're new to my
channel when my mom gets angry it is
like so funny so get ready this videos
gonna be hilarious now you may know a
while back I bring out these fidget
spinners these are the plastic ones and
I brung these out and they sold out like
instantly so I decided to bring out some
new ones new and improved so if we do a
comparison right here these are the old
ones these are the new ones and these
are fully metal and yeah these ones are
just so much bad built they spin for
longer the faster now there's one
problem guys these male finish spinners
have actually been out for like a few
days I released him early for my twitter
snapchat Instagram since they're like
the loyal Gangu gummy and all them and
they're already selling super fast these
gold ones have actually already sold out
and the rest of them are selling out
really really quickly if you want some
of these brand new fetish videos then
click the link in the description or
just go on my shop which is W dooba
dooba Molko and get one quick because
like a suspect in a few days they'll be
gone forever with my t-shirts and stuff
we have a limited stove but with these
once they're gone they're gone so you
know you got our first guys now just
before we get back to the video
is this one thing there's one thing I
need to do I just have one question for
you are you ready 3 2 1
roll the cinematics
and also guys I haven't actually said if
you're new to my channel and you haven't
seen my videos before please go down
below and subscribe to my channel
because I've set myself a goal to reach
2 million subscribers before my birthday
and we are getting so close so please go
down there and subscribe right now it
means so much okay
it would mean a lot to me though and
also guys something that haven't done an
absolutely age is kind of like a morgs
channel tradition is set a super high
light goal I think I've been under
estimating you guys a little bit and
just a really small one so I'm about to
step up the game right now
where's and gentlemen can we smash ante
thousand likes on this video right now
it's been ages since I've set alike all
that high so I'm interested to see if
you guys have still got it can you do it
I think you guys can you know team mode
is super strong leave a light right now
subscribe to my channel and also turn on
my post notifications by clicking the
little bells so you can be first to my
videos and never miss one but guys right
now I'm gonna go off and I'm gonna I'm
just gonna I'm just gonna prank normal
again just why the hell not and I'm
gonna do it with the green the green
fidgets oh yes baby okay ladies and
gentlemen here goes nothing I think
she's still upstairs don't don't
Sinden did she take it
two hours later mom come here yeah what
you want what the motiveless where'd you
come from
oh that oh okay so mom since I've got
you down here take a look at the easy
two which ones which one's your favorite
no the thing is right the thing is with
this green one right here if you give
this one hold on give it a big spin for
me spin it really fast that's it and
then the thing with this one is gasp
hold still wait haha you know make
organs out wait they're on vacation
again I did it wrong I did it wrong to
get a big Spence if he doesn't already
know still the sort of thing you can do
no way just do that now the thing is
right this is the penguin I know you
like ping this one is a special one see
because they don't do an announcing
right if you just if you look it just
staring to it real quick just there
y'all just down to it yeah oh my god is
lights true come no man please come back
I want to show you one more thing one
more thing so this right here is the
plastic one these are gone now these
have all been sold out right but if you
look at this right here this silver one
like you just want to spin for me and
basically if you turn your back and this
one will make a different noise but you
got to be turned your back never touch
me I promise promise promise don't look
I'm sorry I'm so but there's one more
thing I gotta show you this finish
Mariah
Logan gone out oh oh she's getting mad I
can already tell she's getting mad now
one thing you guys may not know about my
mom is she gets really really stressed
well actually I think you probably do
know that I think you probably do know
that I bar by now but yeah more
specifically when she's like preparing
tea or when she's like doing jobs and I
like try and ruin it she gets so upset
like I'm talking like so upset so what
I'm gonna do is right now I'm gonna get
some footage spinners I'm gonna go
downstairs and while she's doing tea I'm
just gonna keep hope I'm just gonna keep
poking her and prodding her and just
kind of messing about with the tea
because I'm not hungry so I mean I can
wait hours she's probably like starving
right now I'm honestly so mean but it's
gonna be funny actually what I'm gonna
do is hide this camera and do it like
hidden camera style so she doesn't know
I'm recording coldly if I didn't think
of doing it with like a hidden camera
got to try and be like careful with this
though
mom market basket basket awesome son
around menu too low
I'm telling me that rise back with some
food jumpin Johnny orange always to test
out the Droid Vallejo who and like I had
to take most of holidays there and you
know Levi's the human school oh it's
cold
you took do not touch me with that again
I mean it Morgan a mother who's watching
get upstairs
mothers only Salman go upstairs only
comes death now rice and mums in a
bedroom right now like cleaning a cell
phone
I'm just thinking is it too far to go up
and just fidget spinner her I was I was
having a longer I think is it too far
and then I came to the conclusion it's
never too far baby let's do this oh god
I'm such a bad son mom what are you
doing mom I just wanted to give you a
little present
due to the fidgets spinner no nice
general I just want to give it to
someone right let me figure Malcolm what
more could you want to give you one
chance
take this and go out otherwise you not
with it bad ok give it a rest general is
the last gold one guys
you're joking me mom that's my last gold
one that is the wash they've all sold
out that's the one I'm sorry Morgan
it's just a joke it's just a Jew there's
my last go on do you not understand I
haven't got I haven't got any of the
gold one would you taking it too far
it was the joke he's just up crying mr.
Fidler it's a frickin video you don't
destroy my gold walk all right
oh my god weather oh my Oh No destroyed
she's broken the front I can't believe
it the front bit is genuinely gone like
it's just she's broken it she's broken
my last gold Fishman and my last one
every other one sold out I'm mum you
broke it I broke your salmon yeah but
your salmon is not the last gold fidgets
better that's left I'm actually mad like
I'm actually mad I don't think she
understands what's gonna hurt her soon
she's broken the last I don't think you
understand guys the gold ones are the
ones that have sold out that they've
gone they're all gone I have one
laughing and now it's broken
I'm genuinely mad I'm genuinely soup I
might genuinely really
now so mum this is 100% serious right
now and you know it's serious I'm
choosing to talk to you through the vlog
rather than just go in and speaking to
right now I'm gonna let you watch this
back this wasn't supposed to be a proper
prank this is supposed to be just a joke
and you took it over the line
you broke my golden frigate spinner the
last one now I'm gonna have to message
my manager and see if there's any way we
can make another one but Mum you crossed
the line yes you could say that point
salmon in her face was a little bit mean
and to be honest it probably was but it
doesn't change the fact that that's a
vicious winner I can never get back you
can mess with me you can break me you
can't break my video spinners mum prank
wars baby it's on it's still on don't
you think I've forgotten I'm gonna get
you back for this mom I'm gonna get you
back for this watch your back you better
watch your back every day you wake up
you better watch your back because I've
got lots of pranks in mind and I'm
coming for you mum you better be ready
Wow yeah that's right we're all coming
for you mum watch out
