I don't think she liked me I think she
liked the hoodie this year oh my god did
you a job for about 20 pals it look just
like that hello guys I'm welcome back to
another video today I'm actually really
really nervous to film this video
because it involves me involved my mom
and involves a really really expensive
hoodie you get where I'm going with it
so just before we get started guys I'm
actually getting so so close to 2
million subscribers and I'm gonna be
doing a massive 2 mil subscribers
giveaway when we hit it so please
subscribe to my channel down below so
you can be ready for the giveaway and
also comment down below what you want me
to give away and finally if we could
smash 10,000 likes on this video that
would be so highly appreciated now to
give you a little bit of backstory a few
weeks ago I ordered a kind of more
expensive hoodie I usually don't buy
very expensive clothes and just kind of
save on my money and stick with the
malls merch which you can get in the
description below that merchandise looks
amazing now my parents especially my
mama is super super protective they
don't want me spending my money or
spacing on clothes
I don't know versus my parents are your
parents like that so yeah firstly I'm
gonna open and show you guys the hoodie
and then I'm gonna show it to my mom get
her reaction is and finally tell how
much money is and I think she's gonna
freak the hell out well nervous because
we're actually going out to play mini
golf or this indoor place in this video
so if she freaks out gets really angry
at me she might not take me so that
could be quite bad but guys just one
more thing before we get started if
you're not already remember to go follow
all my other social media Twitter
snapchat and Instagram okay we
downstairs in the kitchen right now
joined with the man himself obviously
I'm talking about Bruno down who seems
to have gone into the washing I'm rocky
about to be honest pal look how many
packages came in the mail today 1 2 3 4
5 this one right here is the hoodie and
then we got some other stuff over here
which I will show in this video just
because why the hell not ok I need a
knife perfect ok so this here is a
really
to the video this is actually a pull-up
bar and it seems I've kind of gone
through into the box oh god yeah you
know why is this one so incredibly light
well the guess is only uh the only one
way to find out
oh my god probably about idea ah I
forgot I even ordered this Yavin I've
been so hyped to get this for ages this
is a Gucci beneath I ordered a while ago
and I kind of forgot about it but I'm
like so happy this came oh my god now
you say Morgan why did you order a
beanie when it's like summer outside but
I mean let's face it even in the UK when
it's summer the weather's still usually
raining so you know hmm
guys I'm really not sure what this one
is I'm just trying I'm looking at the
box and I just can't figure out I'm
thinking maybe like oh like I don't know
ah oh yeah guys I ordered loads of like
added us closing in no actual like shoes
I think just clothes I found member
quickly oh I did order some shoes i
order saw that oh yeah I order some
sliders okay okay I really like these
yeah these are these no they have some
like I think they're shorts are they are
they short these are some like added ice
job is I'm pretty sure I've seen these
like loads oh my god I don't know where
how are you
and then I got a t-shirt though yeah
alright so this here is the hoodie bomb
and basically I told you I was ordering
a hoodie and here is I wonder I'm going
to show you it basically I'm never going
to ask you to like guess how much it
costs and like I've never bought
anything from this brand before so I'm
like I'm excited Google kind of basic to
you mom and dad obviously you guys
watching but this is kind of one there's
just something really clean they go hey
supreme oh wow what'd you read good
looks nice look at that
gosh it looks pretty it feels nice
really nice
Marky the hood up to high my buddy hair
basket no basket so long yes how much
you reckon this cost me man
65-pound Oh y'all come on while I'm
making one I'm making this for every one
hundred twenty eight hundred laughs
you're joking
guys a gym no in your part you're joking
no you're serious eternity spent a
hundred pounds on that black slip I've
never even aired it okay it's a good
brand morning Morgan why do you just
wear one of your mom's one I wear them
world I wear them all the time girl ever
wear eight hundred pounds of be kidding
me
no actually sir seriously you must be
absolutely joking I could have bought a
new car on my new carpets a cravat for
that I can't believe you've just spent
that that's ridiculous
I don't even think it fits your eyes I'm
on it it's just wasting money more than
you can't spend 800 pounds on one top
800 pounds if it's just the supreme on
it I can put your badge and Sony that
I'm onto your plight slick shirt that's
crazy
come on out gout now get to your room go
to your room go to my little girl Oh God
God think about what you've done what
you could have done without pushing me
out zero now am I going to stand in a
room with someone who's been so so where
did you go Bruder Buccaneer go room it's
a good room it's a nice early are we
still doing out oh you got him on Eli
yeah if I don't get a bargain gold
bargain gold then no Morgan if you cease
then I spent 800 pounds on that don't
think she likes the enchilada hoodie
this year oh my god it's secure Jonathan
for about 20 pounds that look just like
that well that's not very good as it
goes that's not very good at all
okay guys so we're in the car now as you
can tell we're with the big woman
herself you still here it's still a
little bit mad at you but we're gonna
put that aside or we're gonna use the
anger towards each other in a hardcore
game of minigolf no probably thinking
mini golf clumsy language of a hardcore
game which shows me when minimum gay
games each other
it is pretty competitive isn't it more
right then so we've arrived with the mum
literally this place has like the
bowling in the arcade I've literally
been here about like three times in the
past like week I think like my second
home at this point but yeah we're going
into the mini golf right now I'm
actually really excited it's kind of
like kids though the kids mini golf and
I know y'all probably say no Morgan but
your kid shut up are anyway yeah we're
going upstairs now does Klaus is gonna
be but something to do isn't it there's
like nothing else to do in body England
mom what you saying yes be good you look
very excited yes I give it do the clap
there you go hole number one I don't can
see ends right there I am going to the
holy meal
go home to my bad start off I saw up Oh
nightmare
this is mum speed go Oh No why'd you
have to say about that shocking star
shocking we go from trickshot yelling
yep
oh no you're actually oh she's still
going too much I give it a go yeah yeah
but you probably started all morning
oh oh oh
well you are not very good give at four
and forever like um for my retreat shots
may have just got a hole in one right
there easy stop easy stop Mama's just
got to take hers that was the first go
go there they're quite job to save
yourself you're not doing very well are
ya huh oh wow oh he's going this one
it's going this one oh you've got 20 out
of 12 guys so for this one you start
there and then you've got this thing you
go down there and then you come out the
side and the hallways brick it over
there oh the hell
oh good one yeah oh my god oh my god
Michael phenomenal shot in there man
actually that got some havoc far enough
guys look at this hole really standard
the holes over there mom tell how many
got three she got mine she's got nice
thing on wealthy other one no not really
no it's not bad game Raza we've done in
the Gulf right now I'm not gonna lie
more I gotta be brutally honest a little
bit disappointed in every hole looks
like the bloody same I know if you
noticed but anyway talk about excitement
fun to gamer bowler and should we do it
drove one game of bowling guys third
game this week I'm feeling it I'm up for
it always got free game of bowling even
though I lose like every time but yeah
we offer you want for him she's up for
it lives like go let's go do some
bowling cook with chops lowly machines
rather I'm always up for grabbing you
guys know me I'm the king oh good
oh I'm here you go just 103 that's green
towel there we go not too bad not too
bad just got straight guys the Riesling
and filming much is because literally
it's been like one of my worst goes over
or just got strike maybe I'm on the way
back let's go strike such important I
get some pins here
on the score of 69 yes morning so we
back at my second home the mario grabber
and i forgot my card again someone went
me a little bit money she's like me
twelve pounds that's how much she's
going in at twelve whole pile and watch
this we get another on guys trust me we
get another one
what the hell don't know okay gone then
mom show us what you got last one earth
if he's on there oh no oh oh that one
there no yeah we got one that I bought
the art camera oh come on yeah oh oh no
oh
ten series now oh my gosh
yes oh oh oh my gosh pages let's go
this is little know what time is now
cash around the corner come on let's do
this
Morgan okay stop it
we're back guys
oh oh my god oh my god oh my bloody
crying looking at me
Oh
woody what did I do come on mom come on
mom
that's it that let's go Jesus come on
come on
Wow you boys back on the machine I'm
feeling it it's coming too
oh I had the ideal of that I cannot
bloody believe it mom
yes holy cow holy fool oh definitely for
Mom my pockets are empty but guess what
the loan Inbetweeners isn't guys I'm
cashing in another ten pound loan we
ain't giving up on this thing guys
they've turned off the machine where you
need to get changed so I had to go to
the bar this is the last ten pound this
is the 40th pound this is literally
we've already spent 13 if we don't get
it now I'm going to be absolutely few
minutes we're more morons Daly's don't
let the pressure get to you there's a
lot of pressure right now don't let it
get to you oh okay yeah Oh what then 40
hell are you okay cameras video cameras
- do you like the pressure gets here I
did the pressure got too much guys we're
running low on charge of the camera we
got 16 turns left so for the last 16 I
would just go for the Donkey Kong screw
it why not this might be it we'll have
another donkey
oh my god come on the come is almost
dead
we all right God guys last go is it a
decent place your 20 billion your purse
just been in got a tango ice block get
some change five more pound for when I'm
gonna be absolutely good guys for more
goes left of the entire thing look at
this please yo-yo no please it's all Oh
sugar is Christmas guys let's let's sure
okay what freakin go
we just taken the biggest L ever 50
pound poor note nothing to show for it
I'll see what my home guys okay guys so
I'm back home right now from of the
little day out it's actually been really
fun done aligned today's video we
firstly unboxed all them clothes and
stuff we've a look about what he showed
it to mom god freaking reaction hit she
buddy roasted me again then we went out
when played mini golf
then bowling then arcade it's generally
been a really fun day today I've enjoyed
this video kind of like a Bloggie style
but mixed in with some like to live
everything really if you've enjoyed
remember to leave a like down below and
also subscribe because I'm getting so
close to 2 million and if you could
subscribe if you watching this point
that you may as well subscribe and leave
a like because you've already watched
the full thing also check my other
social media again if you're watching
this point you must have enjoyed the
video so you'll want to go form all the
social media all the links are in the
description below and finally remember
to turn on my notifications so you can
get to my videos early but guys thank
you so much for watching and as always
are the mold you guys did awesome and
I'll see you in my next video peace out
if you enjoyed the video then remember
to subscribe to mugsy's channel and
don't forget to leave a like if you have
a big penis
thanks for watching peace out
