so more but what do you think of my
brand-new hair Jesus Christ morgue and
it's like it looks like a g-string hello
guys and welcome back to another video
today I'm going permanently blonde I
don't know what I'm doing with my life
anymore
so a few days ago I tweeted out this
that's on your screen right now 1,000
retweets and I will dye my hair blonde
now before this tweet I hadn't hit 1,000
retweets how much winter in literally
like a month and guess how long it took
us to get 1,000 retweets 23 minutes guys
today I'm going blonde I know this isn't
a joke two hours later
well um stage one kind of complete I
guess you wanna get my cap on make all
let's get it on oh yes there we go come
on come with much for doing this I'm
excited I'm not lil I'm I'm pretty
excited I'm pretty excited
I don't know mom's gonna
no one's it look alive happen you'll be
oh I can't wait till mom sees in line if
I got mine on the camera moves out right
now to go well what do you think what
you think ginger ginger hard battle
ginger the next stage it was a little
bit to one so what we've done is we've
porn er was it like whitening you okay
gonna wide a little bit more and then 25
minutes and that's done you like it
guys II ready three two one bomb there
we go the new hair like I don't know I
I'm not gonna lie it turned out a lot
better than I expected I don't hate it I
in fact kind of liked it to be honest I
don't want to go out and say I liked it
because you guys probably won't go
probably roast me whatever but actually
like it like I think it looks pretty
good I don't know like love you guys
what you guys think it looks good I
kinda like having it all but then I can
also have it down like over my forehead
but yeah actually I just think it looks
pretty decent so I'm just tweet it out
about it and look at some of these
replies everybody seems to be rated oh
look at this well it looks good I'm
sorry but I actually love it like
seriously people are actually people are
rating it like this is crazy people
actually people actually like it
obviously you guys know me liking all
these tweets you should go over and just
tweet me some stuff because you see I
like I like them all but yeah as you
know my mom is out at the moment I'm
going out to play football in about 30
minutes and then by the time I get back
mom will also be back I told her I'm
getting my hair dyed and she knows about
me but we decided to keep her surprised
to just kind of keep it I don't know I
hope she likes I really would you like
to leave a like down below if you like
it likewise let's say that I feel like
my hair leave a like down below and if
you're excited to see mom's reaction
leave a like as well change applying
guys I was literally just getting ready
to go out to play football and I've just
heard mom come back she's come on really
I'm gonna shower up an hour and I'm
gonna give her a bit of a reveal of my
brand new hair obviously I told her I
was getting dawn I'm told I was gonna
get it blonde but she don't know
anything else I think she thinks I was
getting highlights and obviously I've
just got it full color so I think she's
gonna be quite shocked bulimia let me
give her a shout mom oh you're just
there John Oh John a come and take a
look at my hair oh so I told you I was
getting it done I told y'all get it and
just for just to clarify did you think
I'll get it done highlights or an actual
like blah blah oh God you versified
one ohm I don't like it oh don't sit
yeah good I do like it yeah it's like Jo
reminds me off though well she strolls
and yeah mr. Scrooge a string cheese
string not g-string besides that was
nothing that stands out definitely
stands out I mean I like I like your
head Brown I like your head dark cuz
it's kind of nice and that's all Ryan
say yeah all right all right
do you like yeah I like how they spent a
little bit more time with him buddy all
right a few moments later guys this
video bout to get super lit right now as
you can tell I've got ready I don't even
do my hair yet because like I'm in such
a rush my dad is outside basically right
now me my dad ahead an off bowling
because the other day I went bowling
I'm of course to the arcade and I had so
much fun so we going back again today
but quick outfit tour
this is kind of becoming the signature
balls out but you know black skinny
ripped jeans and then obviously Y jumper
got a little shell under that and then
obviously the denim jacket guys we offer
now generally our favorite time to wear
well yeah I kind of like your messy
summer just go all arcade bowling I'm a
hero I grab a machine again which
completely mugged me off last time and
we're gonna have a good time guys you
ready let's do this
guys this is my dad's first reaction to
see my hair in person let's see if he
rose me like mom did hey where are we
going
so what do you think bow-wow oh my god
guys a blonde I don't know I kind of
like it
I usually kept referring something I
pirate yeah yeah there's one thing
though it looks like a box chain she
moves like a cheese string oh my god
it's a little bit different it's exactly
different oh god don't even walk near me
girl he's double I mean like these I
won't cross this as double denim done
very nice don't one guy's embarrassing
embarrassing broke on you can't like ice
cream Li Tong doubled over
that's denim okay yeah but this is black
you've got the same hole you've got the
same solid dark blue and look slightly
nice terrible
I'm double down I'm sure when you go oh
no oh no
oh no oh no oh no bad news bad news
get it on Tara
no I think I think someone said I think
Tom said strike not when your about me
no I think what I was saying was fair
okay but definitely same stylist bad
bear is it more
dad won he beat me by two pins he 107ag
105 tube in boys
nappy now moving on to game 2 so just
finished the second game I won it I go
under infer that Gordon for it was a
really good game I got like three or
four strikes
oh no no no 131 play to be fair I did
get like two strikes
I mean it was alright game but now we
playing air hockey and you know yeah I
did I did lose the mum last time I came
here but that is irrelevant okay doesn't
matter you ready
Oh
Oh
for their mom
guys were here back at the Columbus in
the last video
dad I spent 15 pound on this but you
know I didn't get one and then they
kicked us out they were back again here
I'm winning one this time
100% literally right now watch this I'm
a winner I'm a winner watch watch watch
ah oh
over 30 ready I don't know but that's
who I mean engine it closing engine it
closer no it's a proper grub and drop
yep when the infield oh I've got it
Oh
Oh Oh go to my money two more pound over
there guys we're going to go welcome yo
yo yo yo Oh
you gotta blow you go go go get more
money out lots of more money I think
that's like four pound gone Arnie
Lily just I'm just gonna choking three
more no good I'm bad yo oh my god it's
absolutely no one bit closer what would
John Seely so never give up that's going
to keep you going
we're close
alone come on Omar's oh my god how many
times does he want to hit that
oh my god go closer car trail it's got a
big head try get over and I win again
yeah oh oh if I get the head a little
bit in by okay okay we can t how could
it fail this is my camper okay guys my
ten pound
ouch Liz they were to the stage in who
died it's no way whoa oh you know okay
okay yeah yeah
you say oh yeah yeah that's nice to go
I've got no cat quick come on there's a
cache still around corner guys I'm going
for Donkey Kong in stairs over there
Oh
oh yes Oh
you
it's taken 19 years
oh my god 9 goes left and what well I
think we go get yawning we broke a guy's
which I won't have to sell for the one
site for more never found
Moscow Moscow again actual actual let's
go let's do it I will count oh no it's
good that oh what a terrible let's go
wow honestly I don't even care
I've got my guy yeah he's all ever
wondered didn't want a girlfriend no
wife no kids just this guy we did it
guys I can't believe it we got it bro we
got it we got it
Louis guys the time is five past 11:00
right now they kicked us out last time
at 5q 11 so you know if there have been
harsh we won't have even got it so yeah
the arcade just doing the bits
if you enjoyed the video then remember
to subscribe to mugsy's channel and
don't forget to leave a like if you have
a big penis thanks for watching this I
hope it
