morgues roast morgues expose morgues is
ugly yo I'm so fed up with these kids
always making videos on me Joe it's time
for me to stop these kids once and for
all
you
there's only one thing I can think of to
truly stop them once and for all
i'ma make a video on these fools hello
guys and welcome back to another video
I'm back again and today I'm pretty mad
because I'm getting pretty goddamn
fettle I've seen these haters make
videos on me and today I'm taking a
stand now usually in these videos I kind
of take it easier now usually the kids
knows Damir a lot younger so I just kind
of learn more but today hell no I go
knees you're nobody if you roast me I'm
a rosy bar I am playing by the rules no
more no guys you know what time it is
it's time for us to say crazy light goal
and when I say crazy like imagine me
actually getting a girlfriend that would
be pretty crazy this light goal is gonna
be even crazier than that guys 50,000
likes that is honestly the biggest goal
of same ages nice gonna be a really
really tricky one so please leave a like
and also remember to subscribe to my
channel if you're new because I'm
getting so so close to 2 million
subscribers you know what if you
subscribe to my channel I'll give you
one free roast on me in the conversation
below deal yeah ok by the way today's
been the Heisei in england I think so
far this year's night time right now but
it's still absolutely boiling so I'm
getting roasted by the Sun and I'm about
to get roasted by these kids wound up
getting roasted by everyone right now
but we're gonna get started right now
wish me luck guys let's do this
okay here we got a video called morgs
cheese so you know judging by that tile
we're gonna have the video that's
finally gonna expose me
and kill off my career Shh g55 usual
1954 2kx no no this guy is so confused
when wha you just dislike my video what
the hell yo he was like in the video and
then he decide to you I'm having a
nickel
this is sick he liked again yo this
guy's so confused
I assume this guy's watching this when
you upload a video straight away YouTube
lags for like the first few minutes with
the view but yeah I mean thank you for
liking it and then this like and then
liking it again okay this one's called
roasting mores let's see oh my god 13
lives 100 dislikes that is not a good
start judging by the light to dislike
ratio we're in some great content right
now motivation we're simple Jenny I'm
chewy dimension is good you shouldn't
yeah much I say he'd go get it looks
unschooled a good jumper much it looks
right I did not understand the word of
that I'm making sure this guy was like
roasting me or not I couldn't understand
any of it like was he was he roasting me
was he was he being nice can someone
please translate that video we got
another one here called roasting moles
zero likes two dislikes again room for a
tree but morgue a youtuber just can go
to youtube you never will shoot a jet so
yeah he's fucked
listen bro listen to me you better
listen I don't suck I swallow
don't watch him Kisha again I do not
suck
here we go on golden roasting molds no
offense
how can you row someone without it being
offensive palace housing work right okay
know that music I'm on uh song literally
it gives me nightmares
creme de minimis gaming decade Duke East
yo can you just hold the freaking camera
still
yo bro I'm a fun okay
I'm not joking I am a fun you know what
i'ma like and I must subscribe bro I'm a
fan I'm fine
why does the Moosic so loud over the
video mama is below what query play on
my real quick what is he even saying he
sounds like he's like choking on a
baguette no even he knew what he was
saying he blew buddy question logs on
the subtitles your vows pathetic could
be the worst district ever
Blanche Elise are we do choking on
spaghetti like I'm going off this I was
absolutely horrific
okay guys final video is gonna be a
classic woman roasting logs
judging by the line to dislike vain show
we will never get out with a bang we've
got zero likes 25 dislikes let's do this
boy and today now gonna be gone long
gopher we the first fat no twin here I
didn't see a change for two
his voice is just some edited o
Jordans we stopped this and one like
this shocked and walked
and that's it well why great wait time
this video that was just that was just
god-awful well guys that is the end of
this roasting morgg's video if you've
enjoyed remember to leave a like on the
video down below and also subscribe to
my channel if you're new and follow my
other social media all the links will be
in the description my finish spinners
are also out right now my custom molds
fitting spinners are out right now so go
to the link in the description my
merchandise shop or just type in www.h
oh and you can go see my new finish
spinners and get one because they're
really cool but guys I really hope you
enjoyed watching this please don't go
over and send any hate to anyone that
was in this video because it's all just
a joke you know I don't actually hate
any of these guys and I don't want them
to get like hate on or anything cuz it's
really not fair it just takes the fun
out of it but yeah guys please subscribe
if you leave a like and as always I've
involved you guys been awesome and I'll
see you in my next video peace out if
you enjoyed the video then remember to
subscribe to mugsy's channel and don't
forget to leave a like if you have a big
penis
thanks for watching
peace out
