hey guys welcome back to another video
these videos honestly gonna be so weird
because I've got an entire day planned
today I'm gonna be going to this indoor
mini golf place then I'm gonna be going
bowling they're not gonna be on to the
arcade then getting some food guys
today's gonna be awesome
now the one question is who am I gonna
be taking with me not obviously you guys
know me I've got so many friends so I
figured I just ring someone or one of
like the ten thousand friends and just
see you looking enough to be chosen to
come with me I haven't seen Ryan in a
while so I figured I'd just give him a
call obviously just let him come with me
he's obviously gonna be down I'll give
him a call right now hey bro I've got
this like insane day plan ride that
arcade bowling all this stuff and I
figured like you'd obviously want to
come with me so like are you down it's
gonna be amazing
yeah yeah awesome right so if you just
come round to mind whenever bro we can
just we can just do it we can hit it
mugs oh oh she'll time on a bus my plan
ah so maybe another time right um but
you you just said you would I've got
something sure thing yo he was clearly
busy I didn't really want him to come
anyway you know he was just kind of the
first option yeah
yo Adele bro how's it going this is
Morgan modes I was gonna say like I've
got this awesome day planned right like
cinema Bowl in arcade all that and you
know obviously like you're you're gonna
be down you're always down so like what
time Jame pick you up bro huh
Oscar my house right right right
I guess he had something on as well well
I mean it's Clair geyser you know all my
friends were busy I'm sure you know they
would have done any other time I just
picked a bad bad day you know I mean so
yeah I guess I'm I'm just gonna have to
just call it off guys why hold on a
minute I think I forgetting someone I am
so stupid like how could I possibly
forget
hey mom your fancy phones are going out
tonight me and you yeah yeah definitely
yeah Morgan oh god Morgan yeah that'd be
so Natalie's thank you for our skin well
you know you were obviously my first
choice like oh I came to you straight
away because I just knew I just know
you're just the best person to be around
hi guys so as you know we're heading out
today genuinely got an awesome day plan
gonna take you guys with me real just
appreciate this outfit seriously we got
the rich G this year up white jumper
under that nice black t-shirt and then
obviously the offline denim jacket we'll
just check out check out my hand as well
you can see me and also guys today is
Friday which means today is the official
launch day of my visit spinners if you
go to www.codingcertification.org make a
fidget spinner but we off guys fully
ready let's do this
everyone get a screenshot of this and
Twitter me on Twitter do a pose
everyone screenshot that and tweeted me
at Mortensen what about the song marking
eyes over here in the Chinese as you
tell by my heart is obviously Chinese
traditions the starter is here more my
other look at that oh my god de mine how
is the star spa I don't care host our
spa good my high five nice oh my god
I so bright
what's your meal what do you want
chicken in a hot coconut sauce we're
gonna have it looks really nice and then
your boy over here I've got a salmon you
know everywhere I go gotta be rockin a
salmon right so we've just finished up
getting food it was mom's having a
better walk slower
yeah born the way right now we go into
this indoor adventure goal I've
literally never been before like mini
golfing more Zagar Oh freak I'm on the
road yeah we're off to mini-golf
adventure indoor mini golf and like I'm
actually pretty high because like I'm
the king of Eagle I'm the king of
obviously everything I do I ain't gonna
lose at mini gold guys tell me in the
comment section who you think is gonna
win me Mom or balmy holding house is
nickname from now on before me I'm a
grown guys kinda like it look at this
look Oh God
okay let's see what happens mask away
barely so we came like fifty minutes
late all over and they closed the till
so we can't even have a go it's why is
it 9:15 or ever like 9:15 right now and
they've shut it like seriously this
place really is for kids but anyway
enough to do bowling and arcade but yeah
it's been a great start to the day isn't
it guys really brilliant paradise island
shuttle no playing mood
looks like looks like it's my turn looks
like he's my turn bro let's do it let's
do it
no this is my life I guess for this
you're serious
the bold in South you guys bullish let's
go show what you got my show my job oh
my poor goes and every single one's been
zero oh my god you guys
ha ha ha we might have to put the rails
up guys we are literally six goes in 6
goes not a single hit
even the green water to do it strike
first guy there you go you gotta pound
the hair vanish the one go I don't
recall the one go what I guess that's
very strong is this fair you sure first
go I got non second girl got them all so
kind of a strike but it goes down to
spare down to the shine on first games
finished I came last
no no no no guys in that second game at
me and mine drew I was leading so much
and then he got a strike towards the end
and the mum got like as you saw anything
mum got like four and we got like 85 but
yeah guys we're off to the arcade right
now the arcade looks pretty decent so I
guess we'll give it
oh look at all that I just skill I
Oh
if you moments later I don't play
basketball like it's not really my thing
you go shot new things let's do it okay
I'm going I'm going there yes
oh come on this is
oh there we go
is that your 33 inside and good guys are
up first round of us any good but yeah
there we go
oh wait wait are you trying to flip it I
think on my oven
Oh close whoo come on
Oh Riggs rule rigged
guys five pound of ten beans five pound
in there y'all nobody's loved I've
returned we're gonna go again obviously
week we we going again we're going again
I bet a toy or something no way no way
it's just jammed nothing come on another
fat load in there is that's it that's it
it's over oh my god
it's rigged I tell you they're all
rigged hi guys it's grabber time you're
these these are like my favorite thing
when I was like a lot younger but we
back again free pound row free whole
pound going into the machine but like
Donkey Kong
yo what's good that oh sure ring ring
that's it
that's all I'm going forward oh no what
it mean to do that
I'll even need to do my hand slipped off
the second oh that's got it oh come on
oh it's going to oh come on whoa okay
this one is the team board this one in
there I'm gonna get it this time oh no
oh yeah guys camera in hand we've loaded
up some more money I'm going for Donkey
Kong
that was pretty terrible oh my god oh my
god
I'm getting one of these work do it come
on oh my I almost dropped it in oh that
was so close
oh that's it I've got such weight in it
that's it that's it oh my god you know I
get all thinking no if I grab his leg
and it'll pull it off and then he'll
drop it in it no no no no I'm gonna do
this leg I'm gonna do break watch you're
gonna flip it down the thing okay that's
it I'm fully saying I see it I'm fully
saying that's it oh my god go on then
mom you hold that you have to hold him
there's nothing that it is I've got it
oh my god I know it's in a bad position
no wonder mom I think you've made a mess
of it I think man no please oh yeah I'm
going back on it oh oh that's it that's
it that's it but he's gonna push open it
it's a skill game they said it's a
bloody skill game I don't think it is oh
god damn it god oh oh no okay what a man
on one earth was that
oh wait oh not too much doctor you're a
freak now come out there you're done way
up they're not actually mine oh my god
haha the power of the boy everyone
coming down below boom has not
dry guys pretty more pounds doing it
that's a great I still fit
oh my god
Oh
seriously screw this place I don't like
it I don't even like anyway this is
terrible
guys they closed they freakin close and
I didn't get to get it I can't believe
it I'm good just come in Cineworld to
get a buddy tango ice blast even this is
short this is why England UK just
amazing you know eleven o'clock shot off
everywhere have fun man oh yeah no
slushy nobody teddy bear I'm absolutely
good and we've pulled up and McDonald
we're about to get some stuff cut out
for banana milkshake please yeah what
mug florists have you got you know Ryan
caramel pie any of hers and a coke isn't
open Oh in a diet coke like diet coke
yeah movie yeah that's it thank you oh
yeah right so guys I'm back home right
now as you can tell I've had my McFly it
was pretty good but I was just thinking
where I was thinking about the arcade
and I spent in total twenty freaking
pound yes twenty pound on my god damn
claw machine to get Teddy which was love
like five pound yeah and I didn't even
get it like I would have kept going but
they kicked me out I'm hella mad right
now like I spent 20 quid and I got
nothing to show for it apart from that I
mean I lost our key I lost the first
game of bowling I did come join first on
the night's game of bowling but I hasn't
been the best night for me well you know
I'm seriously I'm hella mad right now
because I frickin Luigi Teddy broke
whitey pound I spent on and got nothing
back like I'm mad I think the arcade
scammed me guys I'm even joking but guys
if you want me to go back to the arcade
back to the same claw machine and go out
this whole thing again remember to smash
a like down below on the video if we
could get obviously 10,000 life that'd
be amazing and also remember to
subscribe to my channel if you're new
it's obviously enter the feeling spinner
giveaway and one more time guys the
finish videos are out right now check
the link in the description or just put
in do we do we do be more gay okay guys
thank you all so much for watching and
as always I've been morgues you guys
been awesome and I'll see you in my next
video peace out if you enjoyed the video
then remember to subscribe to mugsy's
channel and don't forget to leave a like
if you have a big penis
thanks for watching peace out
