today I'm gonna be setting myself in
jello today I'm gonna be setting myself
in jello overnight and I have no clue
what my last five challenge I stayed in
coke for 24 hours and you guys said
liquid for 24 hours setting myself Joe
Morgan this is very very strange
worrying behavior young man now if you
guys are new to the child's your first
impression is probably this guy honest
you wouldn't be wrong on this channel
you get to sit back and watch me make a
fool of myself and if you look at this
subscriber count' down there we are only
a few thousand subscribers away from 4
million so I need every one of you to
subscribe to the channel right now and
help me get them once I get to 4 million
subscribers I'm going to be doing my
biggest giveaway ever so make sure you
subscribe you guys so as you can see we
filled the back right and we're just
gonna go ahead and then add the gelatin
and then make this puff really really
gently gee whiz guys I can't wait to see
what's gonna happen
3 2 1
we are in for a long ride baby stick
around to the end I don't want to it's
probably gonna need me more than then of
the only ones are gonna be sticking
around you're gonna be sticking around
in jealous
okay guys so the time is currently six
thirty five thirty five minutes after we
started as you can tell all the little
white ones from the top I've started to
completely dissolve and it's actually
starting to form some sticky layer on
the bottom of the bath now right and how
I am boiling hot because we have the
water boiling over it to dissolve but
what I'm gonna do is switch to cold
water now so that it actually sets
quicker but before that moment I think
there's one thing I haven't done yet
which everybody at home is probably
shouting out for me to do no no no don't
teach yourself know anything else oh
guys my hair actually stole it oh no
this has been an interesting style guys
I'm gonna get the cold water here the
next time I come back to you hopefully
will upset a lot more Oh guys I don't
want to be too dramatic since we have
only just started about 45 minutes in
and I'm just loading in the Cold War now
as we speak what's basically happening I
don't know if it's because of the
gelatin or if it's just because of the
heat of the water my breathing actually
getting kind of hard to breathe if you
listen my breathe it's actually getting
kind of like it feels like I'm having to
take my big gasp it's just to get to my
lungs or whatever I ain't no scientist
but it feels kind of concerning as you
can see I've got the window open up
there and I've just been sweating
non-stop since we started this we're
just learning the cold water now how
could not make it better but guys if it
stays like this I may even have to get
out because
oh I think I think people good idea oh
gosh guys this is deadly
guys as you can see it's the next
morning nice and early
he's gone seven o'clock Morgan's been in
the jell-o bath all night I've heard a
word from him it's really quiet I think
he's been sleeping you know what I think
we need to check on it sleep all day
he's got to be awake for this challenge
Oh full of such fun I just felt like
doing it then Oh what's the time um 7:00
a.m.
guys looks like we've got a lot of time
left
let me show you what's happened to this
as you can see guys the water is
actually turning thick this is no longer
normal bathwater this is actually
turning into fake jelly and under the
water is even worse nice it's actually
hard to move once your body is
completely in a lonely night guys but
it's actually freezing cold to survive
doesn't help we're in for guys you know
breakfast is the most important meal of
the day and it's my job as a mom to make
sure that more can get some healthy
breakfast inside so I know
exactly
I'm getting really worried about you
more good I think I need to give you
something to warm you or I've got the
perfect thing guys what I was trying to
say is the gold signature these are on
sale right now for the next two days
signs because we're down to the last
stock once the sale and these are gonna
go off sale forever we're giving you a
chance to get one of the on sale before
they are gone forever guys mugs
dr. cow cow cow cow blanket description
I'm just gonna roll this roll over
hi okay bye uh you know she wouldn't be
wrong bless me honest
look at this this isn't even a liquid
anymore
that is literally called gelatin of
these ridiculous anyway guys a little
bit to the gel so I'm gonna do is jump
into game before and I and see if I can
get these first ever for night killed
inside a djellaba guys see little behind
a big boat like this the entire time
I've been in here basically wild it on
my phone but actually feel like they're
losing circulation they feel really
floppy I don't know if I'm even gonna be
able to get killed here maybe
we are company I'm extremely you know
I'm going straight back on the hood
let's go
right guys I just saw earlier Morgan
really enjoyed his breakfast and I've
just realized that Morgan's not actually
had a drink since he went in the jello
bar so I think it's time to get more
gonna drink this is so good it's
Morgan's favorite but you know what I've
got a better idea
come on yo
that's my well that's yours does a straw
yeah I love drink to treat ya ain't
gonna drink mocha and you're late in a
drink
you don't want me to do it this do yeah
yeah yeah I think some of that you know
I don't think I have any other choice
3 2 1
if our guys I need to give you a quick
update on what's going on for about the
last half an hour Muir Martin have been
stood outside the bathroom and we can
actually hear Morgan and his dijeron and
he's not sounding good I just think that
for safety reasons I need to go in there
and I may need to get Morgan out of the
bath whether he will
don't know but it just doesn't sound
good guys and I'm getting really really
worried about it Martin come on Morgan
I'm getting really really worried about
you you shake it you actually turning
into a human jelly Martin is turning
into jelly we need to get him out before
it comes a big pink piece of jelly no
I'm sorry I know there's like look very
good right now basically what's
happening is every I know literally
every minute the back gets colder and
colder and the only heat I have to rely
on to keep warm is my own body
temperature the room is called the
baddest couple at the start I thought he
was gonna be the problem but I really
should have put on that bitch
Morgan please get out seriously I need
you to get out mom there's only two
hours left
cold bold
in a few minutes
all the time anymore okay yeah come on
they grab it oh okay pulled aside free
that was my favorite
let's take note of the stage we must use
him anyway you know I don't want it to
come to this but it looks like we have
no other choice
what happened how did you do how did you
get punished then at least I just pulled
myself really hard really sacrifice my
mom but you know you could have duels at
least the face this is just not good God
you have no any subscribes we are this
close to four million subscribers and
also a few subscribers are blowing smoke
and I'll be replying to loose your
comment I don't forget guys the super
sale is on for the rest of the
merchandise right now only gonna be on
for a few days so this is the last
chance to cop the merch and for the
first ever time at the discounted price
thank y'all so much for watching and as
always she won't be awesome and I'll see
you in my next video peace out
