today I'm gonna be doing something that
I have literally never done before and
know before you ask that doesn't mean
I've got girlfriend today I'm gonna be
doing a prank but instead of finding my
mom or my dad or my dog I'm gonna be
pranking you guys I have no clue how
this is gonna go down just before you
into the video guys if you new remember
to subscribe to my channel because I've
set myself a goal to reach 2 million
subscribers before August 4 safe which
is my birthday so if you could subscribe
that helped a lot and also leave a like
on the video down below that helped me
out so much if we get 10,000 likes on
this video that would be amazing
well guys the prank I'm gonna be doing
today is that I'm deleting my channel
prank I'm gonna pull on all of my social
medias that I'm deleting my channel in
24 hours see how everyone responds see
what happens and then after the 24 hours
instead of deleting my channel I'm gonna
post this video that you're watching
right now and everyone will be able to
see how I've set this whole thing up
thinking back on it now it's probably
isn't gonna go down well for me but oh
well
thinking about it though that does mean
that you watching this right now will
have probably thought I was gonna be
deleting my channel I'm watching this
now you'll either be really happy that
I'm not all very upset because you don't
like me but guys whatever the hell goes
down I'm gonna take you through it all
in this video it's gonna be so
interesting to see how everyone responds
and yeah I'm excited but I'm also pretty
worried because I got feeling a lot of
people are gonna be quite mad at me now
right now it's currently 4 p.m. on
Tuesday I'm gonna be starting this whole
prank at 6 p.m. today and obviously
ending it 20 files after a starter which
is when you're gonna be watching this
video Wednesday at 6 p.m. well I think
it's gonna be so funny about this is
everyone's gonna think I'm D'Alema
channelling 24 hours however instead of
I to delay my charm they're gonna be
seeing me plotting this entire thing in
this video now if you don't know already
I have 3 other social medias that aren't
YouTube I've got snapchat Instagram and
Twitter my Twitter has about hundred K
followers my Instagram has about 330 I'm
a snap Giles about 100,000 to
6:00 p.m. I'm gonna plan on all three of
those social medias that I'm deleting my
channel in 24 hours and in this video
I'm gonna be showing people's reactions
seen if they freak out see if they get
happier you see and if they get sad now
if you were fooled by this whole thing
and if you're happy that I'm keeping my
channel I remembered to leave a like
down below and comment in this comment
section that you're happy that I'm not
deleting my channel and if you wanted me
to delete this channel let's face it
you've probably already disliked the
video so diet whatever well guys it's
about hard bus for right now and we're
gonna start this prank at 6 p.m. so I'll
see you then okay guys right now is 555
and if you're wondering why I'm in my
bathrobe it's because it's literally the
best thing ever but yeah in five minutes
in turn 6 p.m. and we get this whole
thing started so guys I've got the tweet
ready as you can see it says in 24 hours
I am deleting my channel then I put free
dot and then I put I'm sorry just to
make it even more believable feel bad
but guys you got to do what you got to
do not even you guys are safe from the
pranks and also guys I thought I'd let
you know all the links to my social
media the free that I'm gonna be doing
this on are in the description below if
you don't have them already after you've
watched the video you should probably go
add them all and look at the replies
yourself because I won't show all them
in this video I'll show some of the best
ones but guys it's 559 right now I'm on
my Twitter and are you ready for this
three two one oh my god in 24 hours I am
delete in my channel I'm sorry five
seconds ago
oh no oh one guys already said prank
guys I'll check more Z's in a moment but
right now I need to do my snapchat on my
Instagram because like you know it's
6:00 right now hi guys I'm on snapchat
right now I'm gonna post a photo and I'm
gonna make myself look really upset and
so are they so good I'm a deleting my
channel I'm gonna put a crying emoji
yes um I'm gonna vote free crying emojis
look at this look at this yo for real
does that look believable or does that
look believable like come on dice ogle
just now in 24 hours I'm deleting my
channel oh my god and then what I'm
gonna do I'm gonna save the exact same
photo and I'm gonna put it on Instagram
so here we go guys one Instagram right
now and find my story guys oh my god
it's now 602 on Tuesday or Tuesday or
whatever anybody call it and they're all
up and I'm gonna see the response right
now from Twitter it's been two minutes
and it's already like 300 likes what the
hell you're a few people are saying it's
a prank but oh no is this a joke one guy
replied the day I've been waiting for I
don't believe this
I don't know what to think to be honest
oh my god someone replied with just the
letter K yo this person right here is a
savage I got Kade bro I feel so bad why
you know why please under bite mugs I
love your channel please no don't I feel
so bad bro I'm sorry I'm not actually
doing it but you're gonna have to wait
to see I forgot to mention guys to make
this prank even more believable I'm not
gonna post anything or apply to anyone
else until the 24 hours is over and this
video goes out if you get me to make it
even more believable not gonna post any
snaps in my day not gonna post any
videos or any tweets you don't
appreciate how much fun money and
support you're getting bro I appreciate
it I appreciate it it's just a prank god
dammit want to reply but I can ah you
look at the window there's a wasp that
is a wasp climbing on my window I've
just came back in after five minutes and
it is still there just chilling on the
window
now here are my DMS on Instagram guys
and basically I want to check see what
people are saying this is just from the
past ten minutes like wow oh no I'm
sorry dear that I hope you're okay why
why would you do that all the hard work
why would you delete your channel sheesh
feel bad your I feel so bad people like
fully believe in this no you're not okay
so they're fit so it's even I'd say
quite say it's about 50/50 right now
people I believe in everybody know some
people know me know me deep down know
asperity I would never do that
please do not delete your channel you've
helped me through so much and I could
never bear it to end
oh I mean at the same time obviously all
these people will be watching this video
and they'll know that I'm not deleting
my channel so hopefully you're like
happy but I still feel bad because like
they people are so worried in that uh
let me check snapchat let me open some
snapchats let's let's do this twenty
five thousand people who viewed the
story so far guys and on Twitter I think
it's had about a thousand likes or
something like that
okay so imma go ahead and just open some
of these snaps I'm getting am like crazy
my DM to like fully blowing off imma
just open one round in my dad no you're
not okay no you're not let's do another
one
why I love your context I think I
supposed to say content and good okay
shoot carry blood yay oh wow why are
there coming in so fast I just the thing
is I'm getting texts from people who are
like no I'm getting like DM zones where
endings come from people I follow back
they're saying like why and stuff and I
can't reply because if I reply you never
know they could tell people I don't want
to keep it 100% like real anyway guys
it's about a o'clock right now what I'm
gonna do at the moment I've been going
to bed about two 3 a.m. so I'm gonna
report back to Ben
yo so guys is currently 436 a.m. right
now I've been up all night working on
the video that you actually watch him
right now I've been trying to stay away
from social media like I haven't posted
a single thing not replied to a single
text DM or anything
I've even left people on open when I've
been opening the snapchats
like I never do that I always reply to
you guys yesmy bugs I want to reply but
I can't I can't do it anyway guys I need
to get some sleep right now so what I'm
gonna do I'm gonna go to sleep wake up
tomorrow morning and then we're gonna
have a final look tomorrow morning
before obviously this video goes live
but I will say guys as soon as this
video that you're watching right now and
you'll want to go over to my other
social media obviously twist nuts on
Instagram and take a look at all the
replies on there and take a look at the
backlash well guys I don't will the
social media in the description below
and to pay you guys back for kind of
pranking you on my Twitter which is at
maltose and which is probably the social
media I use the most I'm gonna be
following loads of you guys back I'm
talking hundreds of you guys and I want
to follow about the loyal ones who are
gonna be watching the full video so what
I'm gonna do the end of the video during
the outro I'm gonna put a message on the
screen and basically if you tweet to me
what the message says I'm gonna follow
you back I'm a follower loads of you
back so guys imma go ahead I'll see you
tomorrow morning but this prank has been
an interesting one hey guys so it's the
next morning right now I've just woke up
and to be to be quite honest with you
guys I'm actually pretty sad right now
if you don't already one of my favorite
things to do every single morning so go
my snapchat and my Instagram and my
Twitter and post like some videos and
snaps just to say like good morning to
you guys and just to say like we're
family and me just saying like me just
say have a good day can change someone's
whole day and like today I woke up I did
all my snap so did my Instagram stuff
and then I remembered I can't post this
so I haven't posted it and it's killing
me bro I it's killing me I want to say
good morning to you guys but icon hi
guys as you can see I'm on my tour right
now ignore why stays like 941 at the top
of my screen genuinely I have no clue I
says that and here we are you can see
it's not 9 cuz it's a 21 hours ago on
the tweet as you can see 1400 likes so
much engagement my tweets usually get I
don't know like 1000 likes this one was
really really big and haven't weird
since then if I go into tweets and
replies haven't even reply to anyone so
I click on the tweet what I do is I'm a
scroll through all the replies right now
and like what you guys see if you can
see yourself by either if you're active
on my Twitter and you follow much way
before this video then you you should
definitely be there because like you
know you'd have seen that tweet and you
definitely reply to it so look at all
these guys look at all these guys but
yeah guys that's my Twitter and what I
do is as soon as this video goes live as
soon as you finish watching this video
as I said there's gonna be a message at
the end tweet me that message and I'm a
follow so many of you guys back you got
to be following me though so hit me
without follow if you're not already
but guys let's check out how I stopped
just looking yo check this out I'm still
getting mad messages and I haven't done
a snapchat in literally about 23 hours
forty six thousand views on this snap
way I'm open a few these guys let's do
this guy this guy says why I can't reply
to you do this guy don't want to open I
could be anything please don't and why
don't you ever talk to me I'm a youtuber
the only inspiration well I want to
reply but I can't this is hear me lie
you know what this is too hard I'm a
check Instagram and then I'm on 99 plus
message requests as always but guys as
you can see still getting quite a few
DMS over on here let's open a few way
older this guy replies no why are my i
hope all these people watch the video
too they don't watch imagine if people I
just think I'm quitting like that'd be
terrible like is after the videos gone
like why and yeah guys I think I think
that's about it the insta story got
forty four point six K views and man
dies crazy oh my god but yeah guys that
was the I'm deleting my channel prank a
few things to say this video layout is
kind of confusing because you guys are
gonna be coming over and watching this
video but I'm not actually gonna be able
to show you guys the aftermath because
the aftermath of the prank is gonna be
obviously you guys watching this video
and I can't pull this video the
aftermath because the whole aftermath is
this video so if you want me to do
another video like a sequel to this
showing how people react to like in the
comment section now everyone reacted to
me obviously not quitting YouTube and
leave a like on the video and tell me in
the conversation below and again very
important that you guys go to my Twitter
obviously follow me on that and all my
other social medias the links will be in
the description and watch all the way
till
to see the secret message and then tweet
me that secret message on to and I'll
follow some of you guys back and if you
send it me on snapchat Instagram - I
followed you guys back on there as well
one of the story guys just add although
the social medias because I follow a ton
of people and you can be one of them
Tina moderations was kind of funny but I
did feel pretty bad so I'm sorry to
everyone who I prank but at the same
time I'm saying it so I mean I hope so
he'll be happy
one more thing guys my official molds
fidget spinners are gonna be out this
Friday 100% confirm it's gonna be this
Friday it's Wednesday right now two days
my video spinners will be out so guys
set a bookmark or you can follow my
merchandise twisting army in the
description as well on Friday the
fidgets spinners are here guys they're
finally here the custom official molds
visit spinners and I can't wait to drop
them you will not miss them they're
gonna be amazing but guys that's about
it for this video I hope you've enjoyed
and as always I've been mold you guys
been awesome and I'll see you in my next
video peace out if you enjoyed the video
then remember to subscribe to mugsy's
channel and don't forget to leave a like
if you have a big penis
thanks for watching peace out boots
