oh what a perfect start to my day just
me a bathrobe and a little bit Peppa Pig
Oh baby let's do this oh man I love this
show at all Peppa's name would be the
door at this buddy hour what the a few
moments later two hours later so what do
you uh what you want we got some awesome
pampas maybe a Fredo just make up a home
I guess you can sleep in their studio
downstairs just make your way down there
whenever you want and yeah have a good
have a good time I guess yeah okay I'm
gonna work I'm gonna go now hello guys
and welcome back to another vlog now
quickly before you all call the police
or the ambulances or the Childline or
whoever your buddy called
the baby wasn't actually left on the
doorstep guys my cousins and we're just
looking after him I no need to call the
police guys don't worry it's all under
control
so yeah me more more looking after it
today wait I'm saying it like it some
some some kind of foreign animal in me a
mama looking up to him today it's a
pretty decent guy so I'm saying so here
is the man himself
he's currently yet oh yah oh what a guy
oh god he's off him go mom tell you why
he's got off hey probably faster than me
I should probably tell you his name guy
his name's Keef so yeah there you go
yeah it's not cookie but baby it's not
cookie that's Harlech I don't know about
you but he definitely should be called
kief it's a much better name
just he wants you to pick him up well
I'm taking water Johnny he won't be
bothered drop Donna may I drop you loads
of times it's not doing you any harm at
all
oh yeah he's on his way I tell you what
is that I young bear grylls or not like
Dora climbing stairs and he's like six
months old
no don't that mom I'm about to do
something that's never been done before
by you to me like a girlfriend oh no no
that's that's too far what I'm gonna do
I'm gonna do the first-ever baby
cinematix
the sweatshop
you can't
oh god oh god here we go buy one of my
hearts they're coming soon oh hey dude
see you lose it it loves it
Oh Morgan yummy to me just exactly what
you said you know I things kind of weird
guys the fact that this baby is in the
videos without its own concern like
imagine what this baby's gonna think
watching this when it grows off it could
think who is this absolute moron over
here who's been making me put on these
glasses
okay guys it's been a couple hours since
our last film the baby's going home
really soon well guys I want to show you
my latest purchase this is probably the
largest thing I've ever ordered like
this is pretty crazy
ladies and gentlemen get ready because
got a new mattress I've been struggling
getting girls into bed and I'm not
having much luck and I thought maybe if
I get a new mattress it helped me out
this is really my last effort like I
don't know what else to do after this
this is a 1 which means is so frickin
bouncing and comfortable but now we've
got to begin the hardest part of all
this getting upstairs
so I'll see you in probably about 5
hours literally 564 years later we
finally got the mattress upstairs Oh
guys let's settle this new bed I'm
actually very excited for this you know
because I did some calculations I
actually worked out my genius minds that
97% of your life you actually you
actually spend sleeping room did you
know that no that's true so you got have
a nice mattress you have a nice bed it
just looks so much better than well well
my old one was like sleeping on a rock
it was I sleep it on the rock it's
literally like I was sleeping I'm Dwayne
the rock Johnson but yeah there's one
test you got to do when you get a new
mattress more guys it's time to initiate
the jump shirt the jump chest the jump
Tess
someone what'd you think oh I so good
right so boys not gonna lie I haven't
even slept this is my 32nd hour I've
actually worked out without sleep basic
life and I got into bed thinking there's
gonna be a nice nap I'm just gonna sleep
for ages then I got a message sending
all my friends are playing football and
you guys know me you can't miss out on a
good bit of exercise and obviously
because I'm the best footballer of all
time Cristiano Ronaldo's got nothing on
me pump anyway I'm heading out to
football guys I was third thirty-second
hour with no sleep I feel like my eyes
are gonna genuinely fall out but the
grind never stops baby no seriously I
genuinely feel like I'm gonna like just
fall over and just die I genuinely feel
like I'm gonna just die yo I'm back from
football this is like the 35th hour I've
been awake with no sleep not time s oh
oh oh this could very well be the best
sleep I've ever had in my entire life
guys I'll see you soon
yo so I just woke up it was like 9 p.m.
when I went to bed and now it's free
p.m. it's free p.m. guys I've slept for
like like 20 hours I think that is
probably not I'm not very good at math
but yeah I join you 'only still feel
quite tired so I think I might just
chilling bed for a little bit I hope you
guys enjoyed this vlog if you enjoyed
you know what to do leave a like
subscribe turn on my notifications and
if you do all three of those things
you'll get a shout out in the next video
obviously in the team mug shot I'll
identify slee did it in this video so
I'm gonna do it right now the teamwork
shout up for this video goes to Bradley
you say he's been watching me since
literally 5000 subscribers subscribed
liked the video and also turned on the
notification so Bradley huge shout-out
to you if you're on the next one like
subscribed turn on the notifications and
guys as always I've involved you've been
awesome and I'll see
you in my next video peace out if you
enjoyed the video then remember to
subscribe in mugsy's channel and don't
forget to leave a like if you have a big
penis thanks for watching peace out
