so these last few days have been really
really full firstly I rented out a
five-star hotel in London okay bathroom
there's probably more friends than my
entire house I went shopping yes perfect
I went in the spa yeah then I came over
here and stayed in another fancy hotel
Wow oh now we're gonna gain some awesome
stuff in today's vlog and it's going to
be so exciting but you're gonna have to
wait and see what we go to guys it's
going to be good leave a like if you're
more daily vlogs subscribe to my channel
if you're new to help me hit 2 million
guys let's do this
so guys good morning how are y'all doing
we're just leaving the hotel right
mm-hmm Alex made gelato more salt or
something okay so once delivered me a
car to drive today and it's outside I
mean I can still send the car so I'm
still pretty excited - yeah and they
said have left the key under water I
don't know I think I could see you I
were going to show you guys in three two
one
okay it's not on your tire home aquarium
darling hold on Oh
basically I think suggestions just do
right now again the cars go she was
doing steering's go let's go let's not
see like if you just like give it back
after a few years
oh wow you got to put the seat belt on
guys
LASIK surgery oh yah ha ha y'all my
mum's Honda Civics got nothing on this
bro oh my god AMG GTS Mercedes I do D
really I'm ready yeah I'm totally ready
I feel so powerful I think I'm going
what 15 miles an hour
not too shabby I could be pretty good
my mom's Honda Civic you can definitely
put a fight with us
so I'm in the coffee shop with Lois who
happens to be a pretty big follower of
mine and literally he's been naming like
my videos from ages ago so worlds when
did you first buy my channel ah that's
cool bro that's cool I presume ah yeah
so guys we went to coffee shop right now
basically we're on the way to a meet-up
like a meet and greet so as you know
alex is getting a car up and on the
second day which is obviously today Alex
organized a little meet-and-greet just
around this like area where Perry might
I've never been before I don't think you
have either
and yeah I came along obviously and now
it's kind of I could join me in greeting
our bare minds I've literally done one
tweet about it so if you missed this I'm
sorry I will to do some bigger memories
in the future but this is like a really
small local one however quietly people
between me saying they're gonna be
coming so so it should be a good time
and Alex is gonna forget his new car is
gone well there it rock so it is cool
it's gonna be it's gonna be good I think
guys I may be able to sit in a Ferrari
so you know just stay tuned guys stay
tuned figure Craig's back more just
coming almost oh my god
oh the dyes which are Oh Rosco
fulfilling feel how soft it is
oh gee it's like oh wow it's a pretty a
pretty decent car over there it's not
too bad about that so guys basically as
you know we've got all this Ferrari
right here like I think it's like a 400
grand car absolutely mental yet what I'm
going to do I've had this prank so I've
had it in my mind for the past like two
days and what I want to do guys base I'm
going to FaceTime my dad I literally
just climb out of FaceTime like a month
ago so we'll know I do it and I'm going
to FaceTime them and basically I'm going
to try and convince it we now own this
car me and him let's try and do is let's
just give this mother Willy answer might
be dull and stuffy although based on
sales FaceTime fails gone down Danny
listen I'm a dropping message and asked
about this so we're in Alex's mini right
now basically dis or in like a few
moments and finish you off and that will
be literally over will you be getting
ready that's going to be described as
literally one three ideas and thereby I
think of a hundred fifty to play it's
crazy that's going to rise and then
we're gonna have a really cool me
angrier you ready yeah let's do it let's
do it
probably yeah man I'm bored again we're
not 40 yet when that dream seemed all
played out maybe hit the bench yeah we
got both of us in it yeah good night
very quickly guys half six still going
strong still those people in it's been a
really good day it's been a good day
we've got cars all around I do want to
prank my dad with charm Frank massage in
like a few minutes with this let's just
kind of kind of chill now I got a God is
some sort of triangle yes
so going strong so guys it's time for
the prank okay basically here's a lot of
a room for a while gonna try and do now
you guys know my dad is hard to prank
I've tried before and what I'm basically
going to do is I'm gonna strangle with
this for orange like they're basically
one thinking is I'm going to literally
I'm going to try and like get him to
believe me that I've actually bought
this and I'm going to say that I've
bought it using his name so that he'll
actually get a little bit excited too is
to get me so I'm gonna just I don't
really I'm not prepared for this I don't
know what I'm gonna say I'm gonna
FaceTime him and I'm just going to try
and convince them that basically I
bought the car guys is it going to work
who knows but I'm going to get the
FaceTime or and I'm just going to face
I'm a dad guys let's try this me my
sounds literally like never FaceTime
that's the only thing I'm thinking might
be a little bit awkward hey how's it
going how's it going yeah
FaceTime yeah so basically are in
traffic right so just hear me out okay
hear me out looks like you're going to
have to do so this place I'm at right
now
you know what it is and then do a lot
later in and sell them on right just
like a dealership yeah and I'll be sure
look at this look at this this is a
Ferrari right you see they're basically
offered this a really really good price
like really really good deals where it's
like a monthly thing and basically
obviously because I'm 15 I've been
thinking about it for a while I like
I've gave your name so like technically
we both kind of own it you own it
so Lord so this is basically like it
will be your car this shirts on it will
be insane no on my weaknesses board
assurance don't scare Ferrari yeah but
these know his price notice genuinely
it's a really good in it's a really good
deal because obviously we just have to
do and think of it into the videos we
can mate with this think of the videos I
can make one yeah but look what Dad does
God love what dude look this can be
yours all I needed some agreement
yeah just sell your car's not very good
anyway I don't care if you boy yeah well
come on come on
I can be yours it is but move a woman's
name instead deal oh no oh God
there you go well gosh ring oh yeah dad
I anyway though I mean it's a prank but
still please you get some nice video
footage
well done got to go bye oh whoa guys
mental stuff anyway yeah my dad will not
be going Ferrari any time soon and you
know I won't either but hopefully one
day hopefully one day yeah I'm just
going to walk around the cars just to
make this clip more exciting but yeah
guys this basically wraps up a really
awesome day obviously testing out all
these cars with Alex if you want me to
do more videos with Alex doing different
stuff like this they remember to leave a
like down below and also check out his
blog to see his perspective of the day
when I'm actually walking around Weimer
Walker right now we're going to train
station and I've got to have I got to
get on a free our train guys free
freaking our train facts to Sheffield
like Concannon are happy about this
right guys I know you've probably got
quite a lot of questions right now why
is more just randomly teleport from the
event to some mysterious vehicle in the
dark basically guys that's a bit about
four hours since I actually last one
wisely happen is obviously the meet
always coming to an end when you last
saw the clips we finished the Meetup and
then what I did is I went into London
but obviously I needed to go back to
there to get my train home but why did I
went out fernando's and ended up missing
my train so long story short I had to
get a new team which took me to
Doncaster which is about a 40 minute
drive from Sheffield although frickin
that I just go just best you'll pick me
up and yeah there you go guy by the way
it's really dark I don't even see me but
yeah it's been a very hectic day I'll
talk to you more when we've actually got
some freaking lines right so I'm bike
home right now I'm at my dad haven't
been here for a while I actually felt
like it's been quite a while since I've
been here but yesterday's been friggin
hectic my Italian wool quick room full
of the day right like I woke up
literally woke up straight out the hotel
room will agree it outside hotel room by
the freaking Mercedes went straight to a
cafe where I had to go and get my video
up straight after that when to do the me
or did the with the Ferrari and
everything then back into London must be
free our train back home Jonas liaise
has been a freaking mental day honestly
like for me I'm very tired right now but
yeah I really we've enjoyed this one
guys it's been a really completely
different one to usual I don't really do
like cars and stuff but I am get into my
cars I'm getting to my cars it's been
something I've kind of never really put
too much interest into when I was a
little bit younger but I'm obviously
getting a little more interested into it
now and I hope you guys are into cars
but the updation sinking of Ferrari
Mercedes all that stuff I really enjoyed
remember to smash like if you enjoyed
guys and this is kind of serious if you
walked up to this point if you could -
listen firm it I really would appreciate
this now that I've been doing these
vlogs for about a week I'll have a
little bit more I just want your guys
with honest opinions on how you think is
really going you enjoying them because
this last week for me I've actually only
been at home one of the days it's been
so hectic I mean you had so many
different things so I'm really really
I'm trying to make these folders
entertain as I can't do in my different
shopping I was in London and Herefords
then and then what for today like and
I'm trying my best guys it would really
help me if you could tell me how the
Vols are going how can improve and just
what you think of them guys and really
load meal awesome also remember to
subscribe if you're new because I'm so
close to 2 million subscribers and as
you could subscribe it would really
really help me out be sure to check out
all my social medias Twitter snapchat
Instagram I might merch which is in the
description below all the stuff you'll
need for that and guys as always as
involves you guys been awesome and I'll
see you in my next video please
oh if you enjoyed this video then
remember to subscribe to mugsy's channel
and don't forget to leave a like if you
have a big penis
haha thanks for watching inside out
