so check out was at 12 today I'll see
what time is it so minutes one not the
best start to the day
guys I'm doing an awesome gift card
giveaway right now when so all you have
to do is leave a like on this video and
subscribe to my channel but anyway guys
enjoy the video start off the day with a
cheeky photo shoot you guys know how it
is in other words asking my friends who
knows absolutely nothing about cameras
to take photos of me in a bathroom my
life's just an all new low anyway guys 6
p.m. every day let's do this just leave
in the hotel guys I swear I'm the most
accident-prone person ever around me are
familiar faces rest in peace class 2017
to 2017 guys we'll leave in the hotel
now under holding back my tears this is
the last time last time going to see
everything man bye bye flower
goodbye due to my cello okay goodbye
goodbye all me I'm not going anywhere I
don't want to leave this hotel but I
don't want to go if you mom and lay down
yo this is once you fire bro time to
fire bro ok yo literally busy spinners
are literally taking over shots like is
this really happening y'all guys just
kind of cheeky Domino is because why the
hell not I do love me a Domino stomach
no it's almost oh it's beautiful
oh so we are here in Domino is obviously
having the time of their lives
WS pizza it's Domino he's up it
genuinely says guys Domino's I don't
know basically Domino's oh hello
hey Adele what do you want I'm recording
this is for YouTube
Oh you this is the guy she tells you not
to worry about having me kill inches in
Syria that the food is here I have got
my this is like the healthy pieces when
it just does like is really nice but
Bill's got his over there are just the
standard peeps the tomb you know just
kind of what you expect them from
Domino's obviously in a date with Bay is
on point right now your guys with
Imperial right now basically what we're
going to do we're going to play a game
called card roulette basically minute
Dylan's going to play that card and
we're going to get the waster to
basically pick a card
whoever's car she picks is the one who
must attain to the entire meal in the
other person's food very mine mine was
way less expensive than him you got to
bear that in mind you know because like
you know your pieces my supposed to mine
but yeah guys we're going to put in the
card we're going to let the beautiful
wait a pic gonna like pick and then
whoever she picks that seems about this
pain I guess Adil how he feel about this
I'm a big hero nature no how can you
even say that it's deeply random and
you're okay to pick one of those two
cards so pick either one of them oh
that's my car
Oliver how could you do that to me girls
enough you're great at the game over
money gone rules your house happens not
about it nenenene mind he's good guys
first time I've ever played card
roulette my bank has taken a big hit my
court record era wins one loss guys I'm
not happy about that whatsoever but guy
quick plan for the rest of the day
basically what I'm doing I'm going out
we're gonna do some shopping me and a
deal and that a deal is going home and I
think I'm going to meet another youtuber
who you may know there's gonna be
exciting guys watch the full bogs it's
gonna be a good one but yeah there's one
question I need to ask a deal that I've
been meaning to ask him for a while how
many likes should they smash on this
video set a big goal dinner and you know
in the biggest alive set in freaking
ages guys said big ol 10 like
Fidel bro you're taking this too far
like I don't have t Moulton's nice I
like I know you guys are just as much in
the like and you just always surprise me
but ten can we do it I don't know I
think every single tournament every
stable Riesling or what we single you in
the monkeys absolute on amoeba like hey
come on like and also guys one more
thing before we go please subscribe to
my channel if you're new because I'm
trying to 2 million subscribers before
my birthday
and I need your help yes you John
watching this subscribe right now yo
Adele why are you just want them bigger
take it out for belt and they're still a
deal a deal a deal
nice one bro literally this side on my
back probably weighs more than me like
this bag is huge right guys quick change
of plan I don't know if you can hear me
right now because we're outside with
just an acquittal get selfridge in the
basement one doing I don't go at home
because like be per team of the season
comes out today so obviously you gotta
get home and do that while I'm doing is
I'm meeting up with Alec Mars right if
you probably know is another day long
like me and then Jack seems like our
manager me a nice manager and basically
we go hotel like in a different part 1
then it is gonna be good guys all I know
is I've gone out a 45 minute train to go
me over there so I'm not too happy about
that well you know you got to do what
you got to do
guys I'm not really sure what's going on
right now all knows I go get a 45-minute
train to somewhere else I'll talk to you
where the below
yo say too bad to say too bad to say to
that little bit more classical-style you
know I'm feeling it I'm I'm kind of
feeling it now I'm feeling it bro nice
little view on to the grass cheeky
little oh wow oh you know I can make
that to make doing this this is so this
is quite fancy bro this is this is
pretty fancy I'm like I'm going to
bathroom another bathroom
that's pretty mental I know it's not
about a whole da yo yo game got some
fans in here bro girl fans is nice let
me quickly tell you guys what's actually
going on and why I've just gone from
randomly shopping in London to in this
fairly decent hotel basically I'm just
coming to me or with Mars bar and our
manager Jack and basically we came here
Leah we going out to get some really
nice food and then tomorrow we I think
we're going to be driving some really
fast cars maybe like a Ferrari and all
that I'm not going to present Shaw right
now but guys tomorrow as well she'll be
lit because I think we're going to be
driving them really bad car yeah I've
got this whole room to myself literally
my cell let me give you a quick tour
this one's a little bit different to the
room I was staying in today yesterday
and yesterday some other more old
fashioned I guess we've got doors nice
little table double bed moving over here
we got a pretty critical mirror a nice
little I believe this size I like a
chair I think that's like a chair I'm
sure big TV right there on this unit or
a mirror got some tea and coffee and all
that jazz as a table to chair my biggest
fan which I actually need to use because
it's very hot in here and then in here
we got a bathroom now this bathroom John
I'm not even joking this is been some
killer bathroom for the past few days
I'm thinking though I'm having a bath
will people be able to look in nothing
down there we'll need to be able to look
in
max put them curtains down yeah nice or
showers yeah I know the right guy this
room what a different one used to but
y'all think it's a nice room just going
now to check out Alex's room oh man go
with the ball coast man yo look at this
to see what happened it we are Mike I
walk back in my room from your room
yeah and the shower handle on the on the
shower was like sprayed everywhere
there's more carpet water it was mad it
was mad but well that's probably a good
thing
well this is this is pretty literally
spitting look so guys we're just heading
out right now I ended up not having a
shower because you know time is valuable
you know time is valuable
every minute means a lot and I just
wasn't feeling it also feeling day but I
feel clean I feel good so I just decided
hours oh I know I'm saying but yeah
we're heading out right now let's just
see what we get up to tonight it's
probably gonna be fun
housekeeping hashkee big fat kitty come
on inside please mother
because you're notified we're literally
do me day right now what a half so the
size of just come right basically this
biggest wig was almost with I already
got twins well it is anyone growth is
that what are the trend without a
neighbor they killed him you're eating
my childhood right now you know good one
bro what the hell you versus oh my god
business and ask me well no no this time
until making off Billy on me my own my
just built it on me I'm not happy about
this everywhere I'm just cooling they
don't know what to say to be honest why
am I covered why am i comin in I think I
realize refer Yoga for making do you now
working I'm working I'm really angry
bomb the shock techno scene I'm calm
yo I'm using my I'm using my iPhone
there's a light what those boys is like
we are in over you would job you say hi
yeah oh my god yeah
we're on the way by don't know it's like
wait we're just arrived back in the
hotel me and I are just going to do a
little bit of editing in the module
editing
the drilling rig a descendant yes we go
Abed so yeah guys it's been a really
good day hope you enjoyed this blog or
post my mental for post bedroom eyes is
just crazy and probably loosely well
guys this is where we all go down the
video if you enjoyed remember to leave a
like down below and subscribe for more
daily folks baby that's why we wrote the
video having lied now I subscribe for
more daily videos
keep smiling catch you guys tomorrow
mom please oh so that was the most
energetic angel whatever guy proof Oh
