bathroom there's probably more expensive
than my entire house hello guys and
welcome back to another vlog 6 p.m.
every day let's do this
guys it's it's seven plus one oh no oh
no oh no thirty minutes later still not
ready yet looks like I'm getting a later
train okay guys after a pretty stressful
hour we're now on the way to the train
station as I said today I'm off to
London I mean two friends over there and
we've basically booked out a five-star
hotel on Regent Street and I literally
cannot wait the hotel's got like a spa
and everything it's gonna be crazy
obviously I'm gonna be bringing you guys
with me don't see you guys when we're in
London so guys I've arrived in London
right now as you can probably tell it's
literally so busy now I've got to try
and get a taxi and meet up with a bill
and Alfie by the way guys this is the
third day in a row where England
actually had nice weather like I'm
loving this
the hotel's fire bro you're not gonna
lie we paid way too much money for this
hotel like way too much you look at this
look at this again look at it bro huh
looking oh boy well woody is this good
oh this is Mendel yo boys Ryan region
street got that view kind of the
question is guys shall we do a room tour
oh nice
welcome to the crib guys so basically
you know how is Chico room tour going
with you this is the doll we got like
settings i watch they are these I've
only just noticed there's actually no
hey yo this is pretty cool wardrobe
which is uh Louie I'm the way I know
where this is the minibar according to
Alfie if you touch this stalking
genuinely charges here so I'll be
uploading video I'll be I'm really way
abruzzo you know don't watch ye where's
the boy if you don't drink kiss don't
drink yelling at what else's randomly
play school don't really know why isn't
here blimey
it's okay now this stuff boom there's
probably more expensive in my entire
house literally can we take a look at
this bath like genuinely look at the
size I'm gonna get now look at the size
of this man
or bad charlie haha yeah this looks like
a toilet good jock your cubicle this one
is the toilet I mean like private toilet
I can't wait to make a mess alive just a
shower the show oh look this is metal
door sink big mirror and yeah oh wait we
got more motion detective things okay
cult mirror I'll be using automatic for
you Morgan desk
the ultimate vlogging editing setup
we got the laptop on there already
that's a nice orange juice yo I've never
actually tried to juggle gherkin honey
stop it
get some help God question is you shared
all that copy know how much we got
Dulberg pieces you want to Regent Street
and then here the lounge which on this
TV
alright I'll give it a pan shot why is
it's a nodule screen on the TV remote
shut up
see what isn't it welcome ladies welcome
mr. McGee pashmina what would you like a
movie what what is that for the bed what
Tracy knows wrong it's just moved for
bad it turn for the bad guys guys you
always got to get the self-promotion
game strong three two one subscribe to
mugs no no way
subscribe c'mon
Oh yo you're killing me how we get a
girl my challenge now we'll get him up
here my secret is exposed all I do is I
buy our towels go to the top floor and
just screen subscribe to morph that's
the secret
so guys were going out shopping right
now but for real does I don't actually
know how we go of this it looks like I
don't even know it's also the maze
running guys we're going out shopping
right now I haven't even eaten today I
need to get some food you gotta eat you
gotta eat you grow big and strong like
Alfie and you know something for this
case this is a few years older than me I
got I got to take tips off of the big
one-oh Lobby that was he I know I'm
doing bro I'm not making them move
yeah just chillin roads chill guys I'm
pretty sure you're not allowed to film
in here so it's just a matter of time
before I'm asked to turn my camera all
you gotta make do at a time that we got
so yeah peace we're in Selfridges right
now just looking for some new clothing
items and I'm pretty sure there's
someone coming over to me right now
oh yeah so go get my guy just spend 160
pounds on swimming trunks Sasha visage
yeah excuse me would you like to buy
these yes I would
ah close the card please how to do it on
a business debit yes that's fine hold on
maybe for my yeah no oh my god we
spotted marks you know that you she
removes our branding in shopping and I
found him believe in the shop now
basically what we do it our hotel has a
spa we've looked online and it looks for
an amazing so we're gonna go chill in
the spa
ah yeah well this is one pretty this is
a pretty cool lips look guys we're going
up to the room gonna change into this
women I must have a change for you so in
chunks now we're heading to the spa boys
spar time yo Steven on the lens but
basically when the vacancy move got a
hot tub in there Jacuzzi you know 100%
we're going in that later I'm not even
joking guys I don't know how to call it
like the audio is gonna be because I'm
sure I'm on my GoPro but this is like
amazing but check this out this is the
pool and which I've never seen such a
little in my life check this out yo
don't we go in the hot tub first guys
you know it oh that's dumb but guys you
ready for this
actually we're in the pool right now
this is just too late like this is
mental yet James we look at this okay
there's one thing right I don't know if
it'll pick up on cameras music that you
can hear under the pool when you're
underwater but not when you're above the
water like I can't hear anything now the
jeweler I'm praying I'm praying to her
down by yo guys we're back from the spa
I don't know how good that footage was
cuz we caught it on my GoPro and it was
really like chilling there but yeah that
was like that was really really good
Jacuzzi steam room which kind of wasn't
me that steam able than the madness pool
we're gonna go back there again tomorrow
we right now what we're doing guys were
getting changed and then we're heading
out we're gonna get some food it's like
11:00 right now though so we don't know
if I know it's gonna be open I kind of
almost don't want to open the package
good let's just package so nice for ya
up Wyatt denim jacket have keeping have
to be hola senorita
housekeeping
we found somewhere to eat Angus
Steakhouse I'm getting a salmon because
you guys know I've written love salmon
Alfie have you decided yet
waka said if you smash like right now
he'll pay for my food so if you drop a
like he's gonna pay for my food so thank
you very much for liking they'll agree
to that but okay honest a big pregnancy
you guys like in the video got me a free
milk I'm not baby I am not paying for
that oh we got salmon nice creamy
potatoes these guys are a steak right
guys we finished our food that was
pretty pretty nice you know it was like
once a it was like amazing but you know
it wasn't like bad either so yeah it
gets like a six out of ten I'm I get
angry I'm just a bit disappointed you
know what I'm saying
anyway guys right now off to the cinema
alien the new alien film is on at like
12:01 and I'm like I'm gasps I'm so
excited for this I didn't know it was
out yet so we're gonna go see that the
last film today no other films literally
the last one just in time boys hey yo
guys mi might link my camera into the
cinema little did they know I'm gonna
pirate the movie yo so we've just left
the cinema guys it's literally half 2:00
in the morning in London right now and
you know it's still pretty least ill got
a lot of people out it's pretty cool you
got the Mackey's open got the casinos
cheeky Burger King well yeah the film
you know the film was pretty decent it
was I'd say the end like 30 minutes was
really really like action part guys I
enjoyed it erm y'all boys and girls even
a 2:50 a.m. the vlog game it's still
strong bro it's gonna always be strong
heading back to the hotel pull not right
now it's been a signal getting an actual
game tonight for bro okay move it then
oh oh right guys we're back in the hotel
right these two are in bed I'm a stale
guess I'm editing dumb look at the vlog
life real bro but yeah if you've enjoyed
the video what should they do
thank you I was praying man I was like I
gave the spotlight room and there was
like an 80% chance he was going to say
something and troll me but yeah guys
leave a like if you've enjoyed remember
to subscribe if you're new we're getting
closer and closer to 2 million if we
could subscribe that helped me out so
much I remember to come back tomorrow at
6 p.m. for another vlog because it's
every day at 6 p.m. and I hope you guys
enjoy the video as always I've been
Borges you guys been awesome and I'll
see you in my next video peace out if
you enjoyed the video then remember to
subscribe to mugsy's channel and don't
forget to leave a like if you have a big
penis
haha thanks for watching peace out
