we're gonna be dropping an iPhone 7
wrapped in bubble wrap 100 freaking feet
will they survive let's find out guys
I'm doing an awesome gift card giveaway
right now when so all you have to do is
leave a like on this video and subscribe
to my channel but anyway guys enjoy the
video hello guys and welcome back to
another vlog where am i right now you
may be asking I am on a trampoline oh my
god it has been years since I've been on
one of these for real when I was younger
my favorite thing to do would literally
just be going on the trampoline like all
day I will have some please anyway today
guys we have another daily vlog as you
know today we're gonna be getting up
some pretty crazy stuff now a few days
ago iPod feed it's been up against
100-foot drop but love you guys says the
dot wasn't quite 104 so today we're
gonna be going on we're gonna be trying
to find a bridge so it will 100% be
100-foot drop but today I'm gonna be
putting my iPhone 7 up against the drop
now here's the toys I'm gonna be
wrapping the iPhone 7 in some sort of
item we're thinking maybe cling film or
bubble wrap something like that and then
dropping it 100 feet in scene if it will
survive guys I've never been more
nervous in my entire life morning Rob
yawn over here we have the lads you are
currently what are you doing edit a
video I'm gonna put you both on a major
spotlight right now Lee how many likes
1.6 a family likes 1.7 million oh my god
looking it realistically 45 now I on ok
ok it's like Jake does not mess about
rose Ivan so like all that high-end ages
guys smash alike right now and subscribe
to my channel because I'm trying to hit
two million subscribers before my
birthday I don't need all of your help
Jake I've just told them all about the
drop I'm going to be doing today the
iphone 7 vs 104 I'm actually I genuinely
I don't have to guys like this is my
actual mobile let's get up
keep going right does we know why man
she's going to be doing today
I think you are drop told me how you got
what on using your smartphone right yes
go do that seven so we're gonna go out
to the shop we're gonna get some stuff
we're gonna wrap the phone and then
we're gonna drop it guys I'm very very
very very don't I point at you by Barry
you don't know of it for a big repair
yes because I probably know yo so guys
were in the car right now we're heading
out we're doing two things number one
we're going to Nando's get some food in
our bellies we haven't eaten yet so
we're all pretty damn hungry number two
number two arguably the more exciting
one I'm gonna be dropping my phone off
of a bridge
rather than we pulled up at the first
destination basically right here we've
got Nando's second day in a row it's
like their fifth or something they wear
all the time obviously I'm pretty
regular at Nando's we were just pulling
up now gonna get some food let's do it
one thing I love about Nando's the
waiting time literally we've been
satellite five minutes where you have a
food house
I've got got a fire dress a little bit
different today corn rise James brought
fried chips Lee bought my church we've
all got what five right so we've left
none days as you can tell we're in the
car right now and we're on the way to
being Q gonna be getting some bubble
wrap and getting the phone ready but I
just want to do the team ole shoutout
for this video right now so the team old
shoutout for this video goes to Sophie
who says I love your videos
she's been subscribed since 20 k thank
you so much if you want the next shout
out in the next video all you have to do
is subscribe and we are going fast and
leave a like and comment when you are
doing guys now off to being Q hi ladies
and gentlemen we are in B and Q we've
got some bubble wrap will that be enough
yeah yeah yeah I think I'll be enough
guys and yeah this is what I'm gonna be
wrapping my iPhone on and dropping it
off of the body oh this is gonna be this
is gonna be very very interesting Warner
for you doing I am very sorry about him
it is a little bit worse guys I'm not
gonna lie I really want one more likes
on this video huh I'm not funny right
guys were on the way to the bridge right
now we've got the huge role we've got a
huge roll of bubble wrap the bridge is
looking pretty damn tall it's gonna be
really interesting so guys this is the
bridge we're gonna be dropping it off on
fingers it's over this like lake so what
we're gonna do we're gonna have to like
chuck it off onto here which is like a
hard Bay and still it could top winter
there and if it does I'm going all
actually and I don't know I'm gonna be
arrested a Bobbitt down there guys but
yeah so guys this marks the star right
here we've got my phone here we got the
big roll and the first thing I'm gonna
do cover it like that and then literally
I'm just gonna I'm just gonna get
started guys oh my god and I'm seriously
I'm very nervous I think if we keep
doing it like that and then every now
and again just kind of breaking it off
and just folding these bits over I think
that's probably the best idea does it
reminded me of the big football app
I'm going to put a little tape on that
like that and now get started with an
extra holdup
oh my god guys there we have it my phone
is literally inside of this thing my
iPhone said is my one thousand pound
thousand dollars pound iPhone 7 is
inside of this massive bubble wrap thing
and guys is actually going for the
breeches a time Jake I can you go guys
leave a like if you're excited it's time
to go to the bridge guys I do not want
to let this go oh my god I don't want to
let us go we're gonna be dropping an
iPhone 7 wrapped in bubble wrap 100
freaking fee will it survive let's find
out
as you know this is an iPhone 7 it's a
basically brand new iPhone 7 not even
scratch not like use for more than like
five months it's even a plus so it's
even more expensive we've got it wrapped
in probably hundred layers of bubble
wrap and we're gonna be chucking it
probably 100 feet guys honestly I've
never been more scared in my life
this could go into the water it could
just break I'm honestly I'm nervous I
don't I don't want to let it go guys if
you want more challenges like this and
if you think it's gonna survive then
leave a like on the video down below and
also subscribe for more crazy challenges
like this but guys Jake we're ready
okay I'm gonna fully chuck it I'm gonna
chuck it to get even more hands-free to
oh my god that's definitely fine Drecker
yeah
oh god please end guys oh you're
stealing your phone's you wanna help
done wrong we're just walking bite now
guys to go and retrieve the phone
honestly I think it'll be okay I think
it'll be okay because it didn't sound
like there's much like a bang honestly
you never know with iPhones think about
how how easily they pray honestly like
it could be broken right now like
iPhones break from like a little drop
enough that the screens crap this is 141
Solis yeah let's find out guys we're
gonna go back and we're gonna do at home
oh my god I could be holding in my hand
my own broken phone like this this is
gonna be stuck this is gonna be like the
longest car ride of my life
guys I'll see ya when were home so guys
we're back home now I've got the massive
bubble wrap ball thing and it's time to
open it guys I haven't heard a single
notification I did leave it turned on
let's just get stuck into it you pull
all layers on this so I mean it's gonna
actually be pretty hard to get out oh my
god I feel like we're getting close this
is genuinely like this is like skip like
pass the parcel but scary oh my god
poke screen script not write that middle
look right on middle
hey guys it survived oh my god I'm gonna
look for damage now the screen is pretty
scuffed up which I don't think play with
her before just tiny little scratches
but part from that guy's it looks just
about as good as you it survived so guys
while the story is it's good to fill
your phone off of bridges if you've got
bubble wrap protection if you want more
of these videos where we test out drops
maybe do it with like cling film tell me
what you want me to do it with in the
conversation below but guys the iPhone
luckily survives only what's happened
here looks likely has had a little bit
of trouble with his car cilia right well
guys I'm off now it's been fun and I'll
see you guys later
right them you just talk she's bad guys
I'm back home right now it's nice to be
back but you know I'm kind of missing
Jake's house already just looking up
ours and you know it's about 10 o'clock
you were staying a bit longer
no you spoilt my party now afford it
today
oh god oh god oh god areas he's throwing
me oh okay no he isn't he's just going
up there
well thanks good to see you too Bruno so
boys and girls we've just come back and
we've got a few packages as you can see
what is we've got free packages and then
mums which I'm just gonna open because
there we go lovely one German is
everything Oh estas party it's not yes
it's not yellow red ugly tomato what is
oh my god what do we go in it's not the
buckyball
of you order the bhakti our order when
you are Jane I did order five back to
change yeah not just lay a little bit
like then we got some Calvin Klein
joggers what try moving it oh yeah
smaller this is a tiny nice fully black
jumper ting and then we got some more
black joggers then then we got a nice
little bag I don't know why do they
we're gonna start with the small one I
just realized this is Amazon so you
don't actually need a tonight but
whatever why the hell are you so close
to my face you goddamn here we have
something which I cannot show you why
I'm gonna put it in here what is it it's
none of your business what not of your
biz okay good you put it oh my jeepers
we got a nice hoodie here guess how much
this cost me one no no hold on let me
show you four oh god you're like this
unlike this baby like this yes someone
this is it here I see so you have to
guess home oh wow you got the back yeah
I guess how much 20 pounds it was like
nothing was like 250 300 pound yeah oh
my god really yeah what can I feel it
yeah
oh it's really soft what make is it
off-white obvious I thought that was the
colors up babe all right your top yes
good I am now that's nice at the back
room know what you think
push the hog I think my paranoia and
what's that I see every sirot oh yo so
guys I'm back upstairs now back in my
room I've just had a quick bath yes a
bath I'll you guys you guys no come on I
love a bath who doesn't love a bath
probably quite a lot of people but I
love them so I don't care I think this
has been probably my favorite one that
film since I've started we've had
slow-motion Clips without obviously the
big draw we've been with Jake and then
we come back to mourn this has been a
really action pipe vlog and I've enjoyed
it so damn much hopefully you guys up
too and if you've enjoyed this vlog
remember to leave a like down below and
also subscribe to my channel if you're
new like if you're watching up to this
point and having already subscribed
please can you just do so because I'm
getting so close to two million at the
exact time right now I'm a more million
eight hundred forty thousand and one
hundred and sixty one guys we're
approaching it so quickly please
subscribe to me download means
much and if you want me to do more drop
test videos tell me what you want me to
drop tell me how far you want me to drop
it and also tell me what you want me to
wrap it in in the conversation below I
want to do more of these because they're
really interesting one more thing guys
the 10% discount code on my merchandise
is still going but I tell you it has not
got long left so if you want to pick up
some of my merchandise do it right now
because there's a 10% discount code what
you want to do get your order and then
go to checkout and then at checkout you
want to enter the code more 10 more than
than the number 10 or one word and
you're save yourself ten percent my
website link is in the description below
or if you just want to put it in a still
be you wwo there you go guys I really
we've enjoyed the vlog I'll see you
tomorrow for another vlog and as always
I've been more you guys been awesome and
I'll see you in my next video peace out
if you enjoyed the video then remember
to subscribe to mug this channel and
don't forget to leave a like if you have
a big penis thanks for watching peace
out
