if treasure is what you see then you're
in law oh my gosh tea mugs you won't
believe this
now I was just playing football in my
back garden and I tripped over this
crack in the floor right here but then I
came closer and I realized that looks
like there's actually some sort of note
inside there oh my gosh honestly I have
no clue why just found but I think it's
some sort of ancient knows if treasure
is what you seek then you're in look
don't believe me take a look and then on
the bottom it looks like they might be
coordinates to a location oh my goodness
guys I have no clue what is actually
going on right now but if you're new hey
guys my name is moles you guys are team
vaults and today it looks like we're
gonna be going on an adventure because
you guys know me if this treasure on the
line and I'm the person to find it you
guys don't know this but my middle name
is treasure Hawks
treasure Hudson Oh so guys if we are
gonna be doing this then I think we need
to assemble a team a treasure hunting
tee Martin I just found an ancient
treasure map do you want to come on a
treasure hunt with me Fraser on yeah
Logan you don't have found a crown can I
have it
call me bowl then of course well that's
great I'm off I'm ready come on let's go
mama I just found an ancient treasure
map do you want to come on a treasure
home with me treasure
somatic gold you all right yeah let's go
kara I just found an ancient treasure
map
you wanna come on a treasure home with
me that could be money yeah yeah I can't
what are we leaving we'll go come on
let's go find the treasure chest with
the money okay so now I'm a temple okay
so now I've assembled my team
okay let's try that again
now I've assembled my team let's get
started let's go so good well this is
McDonald's oh yeah we won't treasure
guys are you sure you don't just want
McDonald yeah yeah we do
can't read you want some I do this
very good stuff great refresher
mom do you have any idea where we're
going right now
no hole good I've no idea where we are
I've never been there just following the
coordinates oh are you sure you're not
gonna get as merited we just didn't have
some poets so even are we guys this is
going a bit creepy there's just like
Thoris yeah but we're not gonna find
treasure kids we just stay back to the
orange okay then so we've just arrived
this is where the coordinates have taken
us as you can see we literally are in
the middle of nowhere
have you ever been here before you have
any clue where we are yeah that's why I
want to know it's mine now I've got my
stick Morgan so if anything attacks
those can defend us with my big stage
you got big stage without further ado
we'll hunt chickens come on team
these damn Londoners aren't used to the
countryside whoo-hoo Burrell though guys
me and my team of professionals are
putting our lives on the line right now
for this we have no clue where we are
we're in the wilderness okay who knows
what could be out here snakes badges
shark sharks sharp detective stick
there's no sharks oh yeah so guys this
may be the last video you ever see from
us and if I do die I only have one
requests for body go down there
subscribe right now and get me to 4
million subscribers
I'm only 50,000 away and if I die before
I hear 4 million subscribers I'm gonna
be mad as we ventured further and
further into the wilderness there was
only one thing on our minds retrieving
the treasure I'm proving to the world
that we really are treasure hunting
professionals
I knew if we go down deep enough and
tried as hard as possible with my team
support we could
the treasure and then mom got stuck on a
fence so the the journey was halted come
on come on come on go we got treasure
sit behind what you did to me
that's not treasure that's my phone it
was going in first then let's take this
way yeah this way looks a little bit
will be safer
the view is absolutely wall love you all
what's up hotel
it's a new game we're gonna say that
we're being chased by a ball - oh my god
waterfall guys if our calculations are
correct then we've just arrived at the
location of the coordinates the bullet
so I assume it's gonna be down there by
the waterfall should we just get going
down
you can do it okay guys
things that have like the perfect place
to hide treasure and monster no you're
going and now you've got to gather her
clothes and I'm not cleaning okay it's
gonna be somewhere
welcome no monsters gonna chase you I'll
be really okay
it looks like he doesn't know
see if it's different than the other one
see if it's different than the other one
this is a treacherous mother no your
twist has just begun keep searching and
the treasure will soon be warm so that
means that we haven't found the treasure
yet wait wait wait look in this book
it's giving us another new ways to go
you do realize what this is right it
means that we found the first location
bought looks but apparently there's more
to look for new coordinates do you think
you can find where they are yeah your
quest has just begun keep searching and
the treasure will soon be warned I want
to win it I want to win a dough does
that mean we're halfway there
yellow for God before we go search the
treasure I'm gonna handle the shower
come on
dick you've been a good servant you've
helped us along the way but now I'm
sorry we just had no space for it we
need to move on to question number two
we completed class number one now we
have to go to a new set of coordinates
West mum you do realize this going dark
we've been driving for hours when are we
gonna get there I think we're nearly
there mark well why are we even are we
did you recognize this place it's a few
houses and stuff yeah but I think it
says the the coordinates I like a little
bit further on this road and then I
think we have to walk oh gosh this looks
like some sort of like village to
village yeah I think so but maybe the
treasures been hit by somebody in this
village boys it's very dark it's really
dark I'm fighting a bear it's gonna be
pitch black so we need to really utilize
if we don't stop don't mind we don't
know what is gonna be at the treasure
chest there could be somebody there we
need to get there before it's dawn oh my
god it could be like a really dangerous
scary person who wants to girls and it's
a trap oh and he's gonna change me baby
small Barton hey hey no is gonna pinch
me yeah we can sacrifice ballmart and if
he wants a sacrifice yeah they want a
sacrifice for the treasure I'm gonna
circle for myself okay
Wow yo this is like a massive wait oh my
gosh Wow whoa are you sure this is a
coordinates a round here mom any ideas
how we can get up there I'm not climbing
up that log and I can't do it why don't
you attach a hook in these oh my god
that's amazing there's some row - all
right good the other person we're gonna
sacrifice me Morgan and Keira need
treasure you need a crown to cover that
ball oh my gosh mom
we found another waterfall I'm going in
that one no I am going in that that's
the proper waterfall no that little
thing that you went in Maurice sure we
should be doing this thing we've got to
really hurry up Morgan it's dark and
it's scary
yes it's super creepy oh my gosh look
over there what does that mean I think
it's a dream is it deep flurry Akira mom
ass Laurie isn't a Spore she it's green
it's green slush but you put ice in it
and make it snow Laurie and slushy but
do different things
oh I'm not bothered anyway oh this is so
creepy
oh my gosh look is that somebody up
there I'm just not using the rope I'm
just gonna climb
maybe they're trying to beat us to the
treasure you going up there ma are you
sure you can do it mom monk you're
supposed to go over there no mom not
that one
to refresh I'm safe all I need to do is
roll and then I can just jump and I'm
just gonna launch onto it
Logan you're almost last you can do it I
can see your whole mum walk all this
crazy stuff on the floor like signs so
Leroy it doesn't look like anybody's
been there for ages somewhere you want
to go another nice picnic with your
family is I'm scared of kind of standing
under that cliff in case anything falls
on your head Morgan no guys we're gonna
keep searching however as you can tell
the Sun is setting if we don't find the
treasure in the next I'd say 15 minutes
then we're gonna have to give up we've
got all these cliffs to search we've got
loads more cliffs down there we're gonna
do our best guys but I have no clue if
we're gonna find this treasure or not
everybody please drop a like on the
video right now for good luck because
we're gonna need it but more all those
left to do we don't know what the
treasure could look like we just have to
keep looking and not give up let's do
this
my conduit I thought you found treasure
this is treasure more guess is a better
stick than I had before this is amazing
it's been worth it all these hours of
searching this is my treasure
I'm so happy no no no no more sticks
come on we found it
guys I'm sorry tried our best we looked
everywhere places we've never even seen
before but I'm afraid we have to buy
health and safety first and I don't
think we're gonna be able to find it
guys I'm sorry keep walking
my sector Mugen quick quick quick quick
quick come here quick you don't think
that's treasurer doing well we don't
want to find out go on step in here come
organ welcome be careful oh my god oh
come on ma come on
really dusty it's really dusty it's
solid wood
I think stop stop come on try again oh
my god Jason no more since they was it
saying congratulations you have found
the treasure that's it oh no say
anything else
yeah it does say another thing
congratulations you have found the
treasure
your quest is an oh-oh-oh over may be
over you must find a way to open the
chair good look
my quest isn't over yet we have to find
a way to open the chest
come on Morgan use that string come on
we don't know what's in here we need to
be very careful with it okay are we
saying that this is the treasure should
we take it back to the car and have a
closer look wait yeah good idea guys
we've just found hidden treasure and
we're gonna take it back to the house
and have a closer look we did it or at
least we did quest number two we found
the treasure
okay so we've just arrived home and it's
time to get straight down to business we
complete a quest one we found the first
no we completed quest - we found the
chest now it's time for quest three
final quest we need to break in to this
old treasure chest and I think I know
the perfect way to do so toolbox guys
I'm messing about I'm gonna destroy this
chest I'm gonna use these utensils to
get in me Marvin yeah utensils
toll booths what's a utensil what you
cook wayward soul is what you break into
treasure chests with Morgan and we're
gonna I'm gonna use these tools then -
guys if you want to break into this
treasure chest comment down below which
one of these tools would you pay mom why
are you gonna go for you know what
they're going for these things Morgan
they're lug nose pliers long nose place
ways
the chaps I don't know how I'm gonna
break into this book I've just got this
really good idea
all we need to do is just get the hammer
and just slap hammer it and then we'll
get into it you do realize that's my arm
right oh I meant to do that
okay hmm I think we'll take this hammer
and um you could have the bone nose
pliers
no more you can have this nail I'll try
to do them with it you know well
actually actually I've got a better idea
no come on maybe we can make our way in
okay you know you go you just look after
the mannequin yep right next to the
merch link in description so they're not
fast guys only a few left new merch you
know what I am sick and tired of messing
around I searched for this damn thing
for our I'm not gonna stand here and try
and pry open nose pliers shuffle all I
need is this harder to get into this
chest and you know what I'm not gonna
hammer these things at the front I'm not
gonna hammer the locks I have a better
idea
three two one
oh my gosh
Morgan maybe we should look inside
maybe we should three two one oh my gosh
what is that what is he sorry tell my
quick tell me tell me tell me
oh my gosh is that what I think is my
god hundreds hundreds hundred thousands
hundreds of thousands millions nice I
don't believe that hold on a sec hold on
a sec we might be able to open it from
the inside
Oh 6,800
I was the one that found the first man I
was kind of long upon the chest so thank
you for the help guys no no Morgan I'm
the one that should have it all that
drove everybody I did all that region of
the maps I told you that it's obviously
gonna say hi excuse me you didn't do any
girl Paulie get away oh my god and this
is my youtube money I have
ain't he leave me someplace you know
what guys everybody
comment down below right now who you
think deserves this money because
personally I think I deserve the money
because I found the map she just read my
wishes ball well I think it should be
max I can actually even drive you don't
even know what's going on so you're
obviously very confused Martin drove so
much really coordinates a person so I
think I deserve the money I think I
deserve the money because I yeah it's
down below and also please go down there
and subscribe to the channel I have
literally fifty thousand subs away from
4 million and when I get there it's
obvious money away to you guys so
everybody subscribe right now and leave
a like on the video I'm gonna stop these
cou from stealing all the money but as
always I've been bored you guys with
Austin and I'll see you in my next video
peace out
