hey guys welcome back to another daily
Bowl
stop it get some help
this is my second vlog in two days so
technically that means I'm a daily
vlogger right your day Nate lock it
until I miss a day in like two days and
then I'm not a live long any mobile for
now
so much energy and excitement what's
coming what's going through Li today
anyway move why is the time why must I
no one tea time yes because I slept all
day that's basically the reason why
however I have had my hair cut right now
you may be able to tell he's looking
quite sure I've literally just got back
from the hairdresser so I'm gonna go
upstairs and get a shower in a few
moments everyone thinks me and mum a
living like the dream wife she's got in
a partner
oh she chose to fall what a ludicrous I
don't know what it wouldn't up sleep
ludicrous animals talking about
ludicrous animal goes up Bruno down here
just kind of chilling having the time to
drive anyway yeah I'm really itchy so
I'm gonna go another shower guys free
that's 2 3 2 1 3 2 1 3 2 free do well
guys I'm gonna shower yeah yo guys the
shower so late it's steaming up my
camera bro this dish our thighs yo guys
for real look at that sexy thing in the
mirror like seriously we're lookouts
take to that golden pear is in the
mirror man that's so cool anyway guys
I'm out the show right now low-key that
was like the best shower ever
I love having a shower after you've had
your hair cut and seen all the dead
hairs just fly off your life I get off
of me dude anyway yeah now got to do my
hair so guys 3
you won oh I don't know hey I'm just
understand the toilet and yes guys after
getting roasted in literally every
single one of my videos I finally
decided to go out and actually get my
hair cool and you know you guys may have
done me a favor there because you know I
do like it guys tell me tell me what you
think I think it looks nothing looks
pretty good I guess that everyone had
told me to cut it thank you
you could have used nicer words though
so what I'm gonna do is go and prank my
mom I'm gonna kind of look around the
house see what prank times we've got I'm
gonna prank my mom guy because what you
do when you're bored you prank your mom
she must literally hate me by now so
what I'm gonna do right now is go down
to the studio and check out what stuff
we've gotten now got keep my voice down
though because she's in the kitchen
see what we got down here in at the good
old studio oh it's locked for some
reason don't really know why here we are
looking pretty clean in here which is
good get the lights on
okay okay so we've got nerf guns however
I did nerf gun shooter in my last video
so I don't think I should do that
nothing much really over here that's a
broken gun and that's just kind of props
so I guess we'll keep looking we gotta
go under here and look at all the prop
items that are under here I'm seeing a
lot of cool stuff in here that we could
use but one this kind of grabbing my
attention is this back here which is
liquid us now we don't know what liquid
US is basically it's just this spray
that literally smells disgusting
like like horrible it's like we were
smelling spray like in the world this
stuff literally reeks and I have tried
it before you say like I'm lying now I
did a prank video with this on my mom a
while ago where basically I just sprayed
it in the kitchen and she freaked out
however today I'm gonna mix up a little
bit because wanted to do I'm gonna prank
her with this without pranking her with
this if you know what I'm saying you
probably don't ill let me explain
basically what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
do like a paranoid prank on her I'm
gonna pretend to spray the liquid ass
everywhere when in reality I won't have
sprayed in it I'm literally gonna sneak
in with liquid ass and with the lid off
the liquid ass and I'm just gonna go
like Oh mom get ready you will not be
ready for this or whether make it think
that sprayed it and then what I was
thinking of doing was running off and
leaving
I don't really I think it actually been
more effective if I go in hold my breath
to make it seem like I'm holding my
breath to make it even more real and
then and then I'll freak out as well
like say oh that's horrible when in
reality there'll be nothing there and I
want to see if she actually reacts to it
as if there's something that it's
actually gonna be really interesting I'm
ready for this guys leave a like if you
want more pranks on the channel leave a
like if you're ready for this prank and
also comment down below what pranks you
want me to do by the way if we could
smash 10,000 likes on this video then
that I'd be very much appreciated
guys let's go see if we can pull off
this prank subscribe if you're new let's
do this
more hahahaha okay I've removed the lid
I'm gonna have my finger on it like that
so yeah I'm gonna so I'm gonna I'm gonna
freak her out mom more where are you
mother mother Hudson Jill Jill Jill Jill
mama where are ya are you in there okay
hold on back up mom let me shut my doll
okay as you heard she was getting ready
and that made me think you know should I
go in and do it while she's getting
ready and just take the punishment but
if we wait until she's finished getting
ready this prank will be like 10 times
it's funny a guy so I'm a way out i'ma
play the waiting game on arenes I could
actually see the back of my head bro
like look at that I can actually see
that like that's crazy
guys seriously like those guys actually
pretty dope like no look at that like
it's actually more useful than you think
anyway yeah you know I just thought I
was cool I don't know if you did or not
but I did so yeah now let's get back
into prank mode okay guys it's been
about thirty minutes mom you're not
ready for this literally you're not
ready for this guys let's go do it okay
I'm so excited I'm literally so excited
right now got the spray my left hand I'm
gonna go search because I have no clue
where she is I think she's in the
kitchen
mom mom
mama put the phone down right now put
the phone down right now right now put
it down right now
I'm not messing about mom right now
right now mom I mom all I'm gonna say is
don't you Oh actually why have you done
it
oh my god that's all of you Oh mommy's
great that that's from all ginge
oh you guys we still that's not like
Bruno's just from if I could smell it or
not I can't to think I can smell it but
then I think I'm not sure I think if Oh
which I think I've got most of it on me
this disgusting can you not smell me
Oh God lies I'm horrible Didion bruno
cans Oh buddy I'm not sure what you
think room no they don't smell like last
time when you did it perhaps you've just
sprayed a little bit this time I've got
something to say yeah just spray on me
don't know how me
don't spray on me I never actually
sprayed it like a minute you want you as
you were saying you were chomping you
could smell it yeah I never actually
sprayed it mom okay so who smelled mom
somebody no that's rude
with you doing now
that's ridiculous okay well good oh my
god I got her so good yo guys we got so
good I think we actually got a few good
she's freaking out she loves she like
slammed the door slammed the washing
whatever he was hanging her on the floor
you know she is mad she is all she's
slamming doors yo she is mad we've got a
case of angry mob on our hands guys it's
not a nice situation to be in
mom I'm sorry mom I'm sorry I'm sorry
I'm sorry
does it jump but that's just over the
top it was only one spray oh he's all
done way up my arm stinks now slomique
oh oh she's freaked it out I've never
seen so much you've sprayed all over me
can you serve Him fat guys I think she's
a bit mad do not come in here now I'm
not interested anymore get out my
bedroom mom I'm sorry okay wait I'm
sorry it's just wrong I'm really
absolutely stink you don't I do we sit
my hair is no get outta my bedroom how
about you
oh god she's black much I just got a
text from my dad saying what have you
done to mum she
happy at all you better get that sorted
oh my god I seriously didn't expect it
to react like this what the hell also
guys we just hit 1.8 million subscribers
guys that honestly is amazing like the
size of that number is crazy not only
that we are inching closer and closer
we're now 200,000 away from 1.2 million
and I am so excited guys let's see as I
said if we can get there before sick of
August which is my birthday if we can't
I'd be amazing yeah while on my computer
I want to show you guys my real time so
basically this was when I word of my new
video seriously guys and look at that
you guys are absolutely loving it 330 K
in the first three hours guys guys
mental you guys are loving the daily
vlogs so yeah you guys want me to start
loading these vlogs daily and you know
this is the second one in a row of done
today so my question to you guys and yes
I am in a bathrobe my question to you
guys is do you want me do daily vlogs
like do you want me to blow these blogs
every single day and just do different
activities and different stuff in them
like for example pranks and go different
places explore different places I think
it'd be really fun to leave a like on
the video right now if you want me to do
daily vlogs and comment down below and
if you guys want to win 150 dollars and
I'm currently doing a 150 dollars gift
card giveaway
I choose gift cards Google Play gift
cards are on the line and the link is in
the description to the place where you
can enter the giveaway the link will be
near the top so go give that click and
enter after you've watched the video but
guys been serious for a minute I'm
genuinely I actually feel really bad for
my mom like she is genuinely not
answering me I think she's really really
mad so yeah um I might have to do
something nice I'm not good I don't
think she's happy guys mom mom guys
when the prank is too good oh my god I
just realized I'm actually eaten today
so I'm gonna do my go get some food I
mean I've had like a snuff don't worry
guys but I'm not a meal so let's go get
some food yo Bruno
how is it going there he is the big man
himself
alright yo you know the drill let's see
what we got firstly in the fridge what
we got in here okay I'm seeing a sweet
chili chicken noodle salad which looks
pretty damn nice I'm seeing some
unidentified noodles in a bowl which I
do not know what they are I'm seeing
some er some chocolate cake I'm seeing
some mustard I'm seeing some mayonnaise
I'm even seeing some peaches they've got
all of the peaches I'm saying some Bisto
baby I'm seeing some salt because you
know my mum is pretty salty right now
I'm also seen a little boy who's just
stood there looking at me thinking what
on earth is this guy doing this is an
intense staring contest
by the looks of it guys it's either
gonna be the unidentified noodles or the
sweet chilli chicken thing I think this
might be leftover takeaway yo you know I
copy I can't be having that it's time
for sweet chilli taro sweet chili salad
I'm not really that hungry yet but I
mean I got to eat so you know what's
doing so the key with this is basically
you got it unwrapped in it and then you
got to mix the sauce in you got a dab
that basically all over there get this
spork and then you know mix it all you
got to make sure you get the salad all
in there bro this is like how to cook
noodles 101 anyway now that's all
stirred you just load up your microwave
and you put it in do it for two minutes
yeah but yeah guys as this is microwave
and once again tell me in the comment
section if you want me to do these box
daily also leave a like if you want me
to do them daily because it's gonna be
hard for me right at loading daily but
if you guys want it I will try and give
it to you I'll listen to that sizzle
it's actually steamed up my camera
because the noodles are just too fiery
damn boy if you can't tell already I'm
quietly funny noodles have to somehow
open the door with one hand because I've
got the camera in the other okay that
right there is skill ah no oh all I can
do in my camera hand no gonna get a
massive wound up yeah yeah noodle time
little Thai noodle Thai noodle Thai
noodle Thai noodle time noodle time
noodle time it's noodle time bye guys so
in my videos I'm gonna start adding
something to them dudes with a little
extra basically it's gonna be called the
team morgue shelter where basically what
I'm gonna do in every video imma give a
shout-out to one team orgs member who
firstly leaves a like on the video
secondly subscribes to my channel and
thirdly comment down below that they've
subscribed and we'll have to like so the
first shoutout goes to Tom dobry who
says I love your videos and I've
subscribed so thank you Tom if you want
to get the shout out in the next video
then leave a like subscribe and yeah
we're good also guys if you've seen the
last of all you'll know that I bought
this bathroom but I never actually
showed you what it looked like so yeah
guys what do we think there's just like
no chance I'm taking this off like it's
that comfort before this I had a
dressing-gown and this is like all I'd
ever wear well this is just like like
comfy and it just feels a lot cool and
it looks a lot cooler so I highly doubt
I'm gonna be taking this off bro snap
shut if you wanna be in my vlog then
dear me right now and I'm going to
literally put in some of the guys that
DM me so you know you look this is
always fun always a good laugh if you
don't already follow me on snapchat smog
Hudson all onward add me on there but
let's see how people react yo they're
coming in right now you're there let's
open that fellow y'all missed it higher
hey let's send up that's like a year 7
reply right there
ok let's open up farewell oh I missed it
yo we just got some hard C i'ma send
some hard part because I'm a nice guy
you know what I'm saying y'all fire
emojis Harz all this stuff I love you
been a fan since day day first thank you
thank you
you mom yes I am oh man yo they couldn't
do fast now literally coming in too fast
guys that was awesome if you want to get
on the action my snapchat is morg Hudson
there we go that was pretty bad pretty
cool oh yeah guys this is where I am
going to end this vlog I realize we've
enjoyed we've done a lot we pranked my
mom we did the peer box open and loads
more stuff guys I really really hope
you've enjoyed a few things though
firstly remember to leave a like a
comment and subscribe so you can
hopefully get the next team milk shout
out in the next video tell me if you've
enjoyed this vlog and if you want me to
do daily vlogs and also tell me what
Prime's you want me to do my more and
finally what you want me to do in these
vlogs like if there's a place you want
me to go to or like a prank you want to
be done just tell me in the comment
section and finally remember to check
all my other social medias and follow
them all snapchat Instagram and Twitter
all the links are in the description
below guys I really hope you've enjoyed
I'll see you guys tomorrow with another
vlog and as always I've been mold you
guys been awesome and I'll see you in my
next video peace out if you enjoyed the
video then remember to subscribe to
mugsy's channel and don't forget to
leave a like if you have a big penis
thanks for watching peace out
