hello guys and welcome back to another
video and today we have a lot of walk
one a no Hamid a start I'll probably
didn't say anything but I'm going to
tell you anyway so the first thing I did
was wake up as always that's just the
best part of the day
secondly I went for a long morning
Rhonda tells pretty closely to her then
I realized I was late for my train this
show and he's showing me showing it show
that was literally the most rushed show
ever then I miss my train
halfway through getting ready just miss
my train sick then I finish getting
ready
and obviously Here I am right now now
the reason why I'm outside is because
today I'm actually going out and doing
something I'm going shopping with one of
my friends one of my friends who is
currently stopped waiting for me because
you know I wasn't capable of getting
ready in time for my train and I should
probably get a move on because as a
moment I'm late for my second train you
know literally Ryan is going to hate me
guys are we ready to go today okay thank
you
my goodness we need to be oh yeah I
forgot to say then I prank my mom
because in the Hudson household you
can't start the day without a good prime
how long do we are you know okay that's
rough dad that's a good sign
what we saying guys what are we saying
I'm saying it's gotta be gotta be gotta
be the blow dollars are black and red so
I told you guys I was going shopping
today I'm off to Birmingham which is
about an hour away I'm going shopping in
this shopping center or more which is
supposed to be like huge and we're going
to just chill and have a good time mine
no one even knows who you are but you
know humble I should smash on this video
three 23:23 likes guys 23 sick
I've probably forgot something but let's
go so today is a
II
what a desert it is a very perfect name
yes so what is it Wednesday guys today
is a Wednesday most people are at school
so me my friend we're gonna go out we're
gonna do a little bit shopping while
it's kind of you know a little bit a
little bit less busy
I realize it's been absolutely ages
since I've done a vlog on my channel and
I really do enjoy vlogging so I'm going
to be vlogging today obviously as I said
I don't want you guys to leave a comment
down below and tell me if you want more
vlogs or maybe if you want me to do
daily vlogs and do like a daily vlog
week because that could be pretty cool
guys we made it Chesterfield station now
for a 1-hour train to Birmingham let's
do this right so guys I've arrived at
Birmingham the train was literally I
swear it was 20 minutes late on a
one-hour train awkward ludicrous anyway
was a dope I'm Ryan and I need some
caffeine because literally I'm dying
right now I haven't was and I'm trying
to talk as loud as I can because it
literally so loud Ryan is shy over there
right and he just texted me are you here
yeah I'm on the train and I'll be five
minutes guys let's see if we can prank
in changing your brother
how's it going bro okay Ryan I'm going
to give you exactly seven seconds for
you to convince them why they should go
in the description and subscribe to you
three two one go
my fate I okay yeah well guys did he
convince you did he do it all I thought
that's all you need is links down there
if you did enough then go give it a
clerk this is where we go and you've
probably heard of it it's called
bullring it's like the biggest shopping
centre in Birmingham we're going to hit
up we're gonna have a bit of fun and
yeah let's let's see what we got let's
see what we got Iran I've got a question
for basically while I was on the train
ride there was a woman sat like next to
me not like next to me but like a fusee
style basically she started taking the
shoes off yeah so I taking the shoes are
crusty feet and then nail varnish doing
her foot neck a seat nails in the middle
of the Train it's a bit weird
I was just wondering I've never seen
that before my dinner as well I'm not a
star a bit where you never know when
you're gonna need perfect nails exactly
yeah
anyway boys you just enter the first
shop this is Selfridges I feel like I'm
like its shopping poor but yeah we're
going to we're going to look at some
attire some clothing right so we've done
in the first shop guys just healed we
kind of walk it into shop fit over the
way we walk away yes should I show my
got nation I'm going to do it loving
congressman Ryan firstly we've got a
nice holding coin top we like I'm like
you know I do our and what does this be
a fashion outfit for lower though I
think giorious it's a beautiful top but
it's not quite right it's not quite
multiples it's not quite Mossberg we've
got a nice billionaire boys for hoodie
this is just it's just black and it's
just look at the charisma charisma
shining from this holding beautiful
stuff anyway now we're on the horn look
for shops so it'll also guys if you're
wondering why your heart magically just
appeared on my head midway through the
video so it's my hair let's just say
wasn't cooperating so you're not had to
take measures I had to destroy out you
know I'm saying so accordingly in the
goal
shop I'm looking for our bed guard I
want to change he wants the cheapest one
I'm going to get this on there which is
like spirit first I can't see the
difference by literally look to it live
a hundred good one in the really good
one and after like squint to see the
currency now so I might just go for
cheaper option save my pennies I'll say
oh no affordance yeah
and the words come out of all time
looking taken a logical a model our
modular Oh anyway yeah imma just I'm a
guessing change I'm gonna get to change
I think that's going to get through
James gonna guys there's still one in
the gold on
different ways that i've always winds up
me effort from primus police always won
almost fake earrings that you could put
run there
oh don't know why get a bit worried like
magnesite i don't know why it looks good
stories wanted to me a bit I was home
alone
look at that little badge that's how you
treat a u2 arena it's got a ribbon
beautiful isn't it really absolutely
beautiful as soon as I seem to be
showing you basically everything I'm
trying I feel like I may as well just to
show you I basically it's got a nice
little North Face Justin right here I
thought this was quite expensive brand
yeah I was like making like two hundred
four hundred eighty four that's all I'm
gonna budget today
realistically go colorful else what we
say and what we're saying they don't
really go with this great pop with self
I think I can pull off sweet there we go
molten ball borrowed those unslaked in
with a 70 pound bathroom yet I just
bought a unisex not even male a unisex
70 pound bathroom and I'm about to take
into photos of like the little guys
don't tell anyone yeah I must say it's
like a 500-pound John for a sausage no
doubt it alright guys we've left via the
shopping block place we're now on the
way to get some food right where we're
going like am I like a Mama's you guys
know my favorite place I've had one in
literally a month and guys just like
that we've arrived teleportation skills
are pretty open never managed to go girl
on a date with me I know I'm what you
get shipping Calum moly because our
Moberly brand is called the chicken
Caravan chicken care alignment yeah
alright well guys this is real emotion
rising 100 the real emotion we've just
tried to order a food order the drinks a
cup to tinkle oh man
they live they can sauce with chicken
Kellerman this is the only dish I have
this like every single guys I'd really
like crying they ask you how you are you
just have to say that you're fine when
you're not really fine but you just
can't get into it because they would
never understand anyway time to find a
new main this is like a new adventure
it's a new journey not I'm not I'm not
happy guys Master the woman just came
over so we can give our order I'm right
over here we just asked her to bring
them a stall
yeah bye I like straw sure this is a
real one man is 18 I am 13 in the heart
the other speed in a heart years old I
leave me alone this is like no I was
expecting this is like I've ever seen
prisoners they just quite good though
you know we got the chicken you know
this looks beautiful actually
I'm actually excited for this why I
finish mine guys that was way spicing up
or Ryan smuggling are you really hot
right like I don't know we've had to
order couple other ones we just sat down
in a little cafe place basically right
what we're doing we're just chilling
waiting for a film yeah guys we go into
the cinema and the film stars like an
hour or something so we're just chilling
but yeah we go cinema I'm pretty excited
to be honest I've taken over the blog
from now on and I think you I see but
are you dissing intimate with the bottom
surfers who were stationed in the film
but keep my voice down so as long as the
person who's the ones in here my dog all
right guys we just finished in the
cinema basically the film we watched was
called like was it it was by altering
the Falco experiment it was like an 18 I
went in with Ryan didn't even get ID'd
at all but yeah it was just literally if
I do explain the film in just like a
sentence people die in just just
literally just people dying yeah you
take your cousin some like rent against
anyone's chair yeah guys we're all
around the cinema right now as you can
tell the film was pretty decent I'd give
it like a seven out of ten however if
you don't like blood I'd probably give
it like as it ends like a 0.1 item
anyway yeah you're probably thinking
your moans while you sit on this is my
new chair I've actually just bought this
and the local mover shipping it's like
oh yeah guys what we do now we'll bring
back to the train station it's been a
good day I kind of show you more about
what I got when I bike home and I want
to show you my robe because you know I
actually bought a bathroom where ya guys
bingo so guys we're at Birmingham New
Street
Rylan it's been a great time now it's
time for us to leave all good things
come to an end obvious all good to go so
I'll send the check in a post but
your friend for the day yeah yeah I find
that in the paper where I go my sweetie
my log and guys just like that I am in
the car with the goddess Jill no on the
on the steering wheel basically that was
like the worst train journey of my
entire existence literally firstly I had
to stand up for like 40 minutes of it
and for the last 20 minutes I was that
tired that I literally dropped my phone
on the floor like fell asleep Firmin we
heard the drop and woke back up
instantly like seriously I've never been
more tired of my life but anyway guys
well anybody home now see what stuff we
got to do oh okay so I'm back home now
mom's dropped me off and she's gone out
to the shop and I'm in the studio which
just so happened to have loads of nerf
guns lying around so what I'm going to
do is I'm going to load up the guns I'm
going to wait by the door the front door
and then as soon as mom comes back I'm
just going to show her I'm going to
shoot the hell out of her she's
literally pick me up and drop me at home
and got out to get shopping but I don't
care I'm a savage I'm just going to
shoot so quickly why not so guys mom's
just arrived I've got the gun I'm going
to just live what I was going to spray
when she comes in I'm literally just
going to spray it Oh Gillian Thank You
Morgan for that well thanks for going to
the shops regicide reward you have a
nice little yes you've showed me my face
love's a little playing over I kind of
went wrong to be honest you didn't
really like she didn't really react at
all I think maybe I need to step on my
game go for a little bit more extreme
prank so why wouldn't you guys to do is
comment down below in the comment
section what pranks you want me to do on
my more because you know that won't win
kind of wrong there dingoes well as I
expected
I need your guys's help anyway want me
to do right now is show you the stuff I
bought today because I feel like it
didn't really give you like a proper law
okay I've got the bike here I'm just
gonna reach my hand in and just grab the
stuff first thing you got here is a
freaking robe this is literally just a
white bathrobe I mean it's just a white
bat for
that I don't want it going else I can
really show you it slipped reduce the
white bathroom what else have we got in
here we have got this right here which
is what she shows us I think this is
like I think it's like Calvin Klein
nothing it's like a Calvin Klein gray
t-shirt but I think you can wear it like
a jump I was thinking forward I was like
a jumper I just turned off my life
because everything long to blue but yeah
as you can see gray jumper white
dressing really well so we've got
obviously you've got the chain that I'm
actually wearing right now this is a
silver one I've gone right now then I've
got obviously the gold one in the back
as well as that I've got this it's
called my billionaire boys club it's a
really nice like hoodie thing I just
kind of think it's quite cool it's just
like black got the logo there and then
some stuff on the sleeves but yeah
that's the clothes I got and then that
in the chain that's literally that's why
it goes it's been a pretty decent day
out pretty pretty productive oh yeah and
look at the North Face jacket and some
jeans from her from fourth island but
that bags in my rucksack so I got like
two well guys that is what I am going to
end the video I really really hope
you've enjoyed if you've enjoyed
remember to leave a like rating on the
video down below and also enter my 150
pounds giveaway there'll be a link in
the description down below you click the
link and they'll ask you to do little
tasks I subscribe to my channel and
really basic stuff like that which
you're probably already be doing so
click the link that's in the description
enter the 150 pounds giveaway and yeah
you could win on doing 50 pounds guys
subscribe to my channel if you're new
leave like on the video if you enjoyed
comment down below what pranks I should
do on my mom and guys as always I've
been molds you guys been awesome and
I'll see you in my next video peace out
if you enjoyed the video then remember
to subscribe to mugsy's channel and
don't forget to leave a like if you have
a big penis thanks for watching peace
out hood
