three two one guys we've got big knives
we were pretty spinners we got through
we go even more object this is gonna be
insane Oh guys welcome back to another
video and today we have another biggest
filler video what today we're going to
be mix it up a little bit because as
well as fizzy spinner we're gonna be
including some some nice you guys know
it's not really a four video we don't
have a knife in it but we're gonna give
it a plug the biggest winners I mean I'm
hoping it's very different object
including some food so it's gonna be a
little bit like a real-life spoon into
challenge would you know through an
endurance yeah you firm your crew in
midair back to flush with and then stop
my mouth goodnight but probably a good
idea
no guys if you'd only worried eyes are
my goal to reach two million subscribers
before the 6th of August which is my
birthday another goal is going to be
quite harmful together if you can
subscribe down below I mean an awful lot
to me I know you guys know right now on
my channel we want to say highlight
goals so one more than the woman behind
the camera how we like to drop to 20 25
dewpt:22 - yeah - mark yeah oh okay
we're not the whole team over together
to get them to likes on the video
generally for like right now well you
guys give you a quick overview the two
guys we have a big massive meat cleaver
and then it's really like rigid shot war
in terms of the Pidgey spinners we've
got to kind of Bob started ones and then
two more comes with Vance one these are
the our minion ones and it gathers in
the last videos take a look at the power
of this one now I feel like I should let
you guys know that soon I'm going to be
releasing my only custom our minion
finish dinner
really yes good never going to be do you
know tell me anything either one the
girl or quite similar to this one
bothered Ann Arbor custom molds design
though unfortunately they're not quite
ready yet which is why I don't know how
right now both the way you can be ready
follicle even if you go follow my
merchandise twister where you'll see all
the old days about the fidget spinners
now the link in the description or you
can just bookmark my size which is
Moscow because they're going to be
releasing very very soon along you know
else is going to grab them very very
soon is it dinner time hmm this videos
gonna be so what is Delhi and I picked
up an apple so I mean we may go start
with an apple so we've got the Apple the
questioning do we start with the knives
or the fidgets pigeon one zero and every
night a nine so you wanna get stranger
is where a bear fruit in June okay well
we may go for the big cousins so what I
need you to do is literally throw me
this Apple and I'm going to try and
connect caught the Apple in mid-air you
take in I'm actually pretty worried
about this I didn't realize we were
doing this while I do I'm going to put
what I'll be on a bike so we can be safe
guys don't try to home up not to mention
this is dangerous okay when you're ready
three two more Oh
oh my god look at the knife that was my
connection oh my god seriously guys that
is in good connection look at that
straight down the middle right oh no
gloves mutters yeah well little company
I mean walking assailable another very
palpable I couldn't survive another I'm
so glad man that very quickly guys
personally I hope you enjoyed that first
called keep watching the for video
because there's way more to come however
guys after you watch this video be sure
to go check out my last video because
why did is I made the most extreme toys
in the world I can buy live guns with
nails and even made some of the dolls
claiming it was one of the craziest
videos I've ever made and there'll be a
link at the top of the description which
will take you to the video so after
you've watched this video be sure to go
give that one a walk anyway guys enjoy
the video so the next thing we're gonna
do is this
your car I'm going to be putting the
fidgets spinner up against this dolly
pull the big spenders up against the car
in the last widget for the video and
this happen oh my god no way without was
a different shape and size cousin to
this what I think is gonna be a little
bit different the middle light lies down
right now in the middle of the desk I'm
gonna give it a really big spin and I'm
just gonna throw it straight on to it
okay three two one oh okay the first
tripod actually unsuccessful I'm going
to switch now to the double one this one
is still our minion bring two one way
where you click oh we're going to finish
the job guys we can't start the job and
then not finish it three two one
although obviously it's squirting a
twenty promise question we got glitter
okay boy this time to boldly send you
through we all got a big I know my
favorite firm nothing is these mangoes
are rock-solid so and I'm not gonna lie
guys the biggest minute haven't got much
of a chance that we're going to pull
that down but we're just going to go for
a little bit of fruit ninja actually
once they put it down you're going to
say well yes this one is going to be a
lot that's what goes with it I don't
know if it'll make easier or not so this
knife is a lot lighter Lucas Winky
 so what are you ready 3 2 1 go oh
that was Paul Paul okay round you guys
will call me down in Tree Hill 100 ha
how much connection did we get there oh
my god it's cooked right into it you see
that guys I think you can see life it's
cook like most of it which is not all
the way through
of course I think all the way through
the god bunch of pussies in the middle
I'm extending them you know you can find
out the window I will take that one much
better man you're a naturally mmm this
is just an excuse these videos usually
isn't it guys leave a like and I'll eat
a better this peaceful skin if you like
to like tonight you don't want to like
I'll be I never got much to live bro
come on Stuart
do it okay doing it you guys do it oh
you're crazy you guys strange child do a
lot size for the footage trainable good
night I don't mind it with a skit I
think I should really good news please I
don't think it is I think it's what
poisoning or something but that will
happen to you then come on what turn out
so weird
my own okay guys I'm going to change
your biloba now this isn't a food or
food or drink this is a piece of coal
now you bother thinking you know a knife
would cook for you it's easy but we're
not going to mess about with a nice guy
what we're going to do is we're going to
get a fidget spin until what well the
plenty say from the plastic one let's
see what the classic ones could do
are you ready for I'm going to well
you're right in the middle shadow the
colors chalky North Korea big spin on
this thing there we go three two one oh
Jesus oh gods of aerosol I'm needed to
buy a tiny little bit like buy a tiny
bit that we're going to go down with a
camera there three two one
oh ok ok everyone but didn't actually do
as much as I expected mom to be honest
don't go free to was bad Oh home bad
kidding sir I mean he did it but he did
go all the way through so I think the
jobs gonna pass the test up there yes ok
God his time for another fruit ninja
Charlie this time we've got one of these
smallest oranges I have literally ever
seen this is it is a country is
absolutely tiny
I was always aim for I connect is going
to be pretty damn impressive because
they think it's tiny
3 to 100 my is high every to one door
more you doing on three two one oh yeah
because I would like that tiny a little
bit there all we did like so tomorrow
we're going to go again
three two one go oh we fired back
recycle wall blew it off mm-hmm a little
bit fresh orange they actually really
cool looking like I look it up next in
line we have we did you stiff biscuits
hold on the noise and it just takes the
rich time nice fresh garlic I wish Talia
okay here we go on a fish time we're
gonna put the rich side biscuit forget
it suspicious business but we're not
going to put one up against the physics
but it's going to make a pile of these
as you can see we've got a nice pile
right now we're going to go in for these
big black digits better I'm gonna fire
out them and see how many we can bravery
to 107 violent evil wonderful Sally wait
you said America nobody's ever saw one
and if you chew in yeah a little bit
much just gone to my mom were four times
more effective let's check out the ones
at our wall
yeah oh we won't look at the heart a
tiny little bit boys and girls do you
know what time it is mmm banana time
prune in German order style I'm gonna go
for a clean head straight through to
Singham 22 5 4 3 2 1 laughing your bird
stole these bones are so horrible 3 2 1
3 2 1 yes oh
we got it round the edge I think you've
overdone two one oh look at that
we managed to call both ends it you
literally caught both hands and then to
let the dip in the middle those was cool
next in line we have a Red Bull can
again this is a different shape from
both all the cans that we've done I
can't feel in this one June with why
solid you know this small I'm I don't
know it still I don't have a hot phase
with the red the one I got faith in the
Red Bull uh 1.23 - ah oh my god well I
told you our faith in the local time he
survives that it's just did it
I guess it survived I guess the survives
still what what are you joking
did you get our camera yeah what don't
believe me
I was gonna break them look really cool
a wood breaking with a big knife well I
just feel a little reticle is a PV
disease to just get the part and we saw
two big e spinners and then clicking
huge knife like dreadful it truly does
give you wings Oh guys moving on
Julie final food this is an orange right
here about Linda vanilla teacher this
isn't an orange this is a great food
they do look very like they're from the
outside it just looks like a little bit
bigger already but yeah that's what I'm
going to get with this knife because I
feel like I haven't used it was that
much and yes the ground fennel is the
foo and then after this we got one life
into charge is gonna be amazing
I'm swinger is nice file icon which I
kill somebody Chicago just calm down a
minute take the grapefruit give it a
good for all teachers on yeah you're
only applying to one Jesus outcomes on
country hammer three three seven one
whoa changes like wall oh ah oh wait
everyone got a square they don't want
the big knife smell sweeter close to me
then okay give me a shot more three two
one
well you got it I'm on the end of it
that's two different holes but I wanna
go straight point Montville wrong
Breanna's baby Kim one knock oh gosh the
cave who is pretty with don't fall we
have been shot more more more girls we
see one haha all the other con of it now
five fifth time fifth time look ep-1 yes
oh my god oh my god is great from
everywhere oh my god migrate through I'm
single now about five it anyway guys
time to move on to be worth thinking
this one could be one of these
with ya guys for the grand finale as you
can tell we have an A but we're not
gonna put up again tonight because I've
a bit too easy we're going to put it off
again a fidget spinner
now eggs are really weak so I think this
is going to give us a really big
explosion it's going to be epic
guys with spinning decision to leave a
like right now if you're excited because
I know I am guys three two one oh losing
to him or push off with it three two one
Oh baby they don't get blue get out
everywhere it's going everywhere and
always get it everywhere well hopefully
you know I really really enjoyed her
who's pretty fun taking my anger out and
threw on some eggs on some biscuit it's
been good time basically guys I really
hope you enjoyed that video if you want
another video similar to this but way
more extreme then click the link at the
top of the description down below as I
mentioned earlier I can bind nerf toys
with so much extreme stuff like nails I
even made some of the dolls flaming so
it's definitely worth the watch honestly
I think it's one of my coolest videos
everyone I know if you loved this video
you'll look that the link will be in
description go click it and give it a
watch right now oh god I'd buy you for
this biggest bit of video I read earlier
on I'm releasing my own custom aluminium
Fuji spinners really really soon so
follows my merchandise Twitter which is
molds merge or just sale today on the
website which is called Co so you can be
ready for the biggest winners once they
drop so you can get one early and I'm
some fun with your own widgets business
guide and if you enjoyed remember to
leave a like rating all the videos
download me the athlete world to me and
also subscribe to my channel if you're
new now let me get closer to my goal
which is 2 million subscribers which we
kind of approaching quickly and reproach
included other languages we gained
they're going to be guys if you could
subscribe that means so much to me I
really have we been doing
feel free to follow all my social medias
Twitter snapchat Instagram all the stuff
you need in the description below I'm
going otherwise I've involved you guys
an awesome and I'll see you in my next
video three-oh
if you enjoyed the video then remember
to subscribe to mugsy's channel and
don't forget to do the like if you have
a big penis thanks for watching peace
out
