I have been waiting for this for so long
guys finally here this is what I've been
working for my entire life for years all
come down to this
Oh a cardboard box guys it's finally
here
hello guys and today we have another
video I am so free inside right now
because my 1 million subscriber pikas
just arrived honestly I absolutely never
been more excited in my life admittedly
it's kind of a little bit late I am on
1.8 million but Lisa's here okay Elise
is here what I'm going to be doing in
this video guys is taking a look at it
open it out of the box and showing you
guys these 1 million subscriber plat or
favor boy reward or whatever you want to
call it but this women dying right now
is a new room in our house that we've
been working on we have to convert our
garage into the series dimensionizer
because this wall building Pike is going
to be one of the first things going into
this room and I'm so excited
now guys it's time for another giveaway
in this video I'm gonna be giving away
one of the mobs jumper this is the
embroidered MH design basically one
person who needs a light on this video
down below and also subscribe to my
channel I'm going to message them and
let them pick one hoodie in any color
they want and I'm just going to ship it
to them for food so yeah leave a like on
the video and subscribe and also turn on
my notifications for a better chance but
also if you just want to check out my
shop and see all the stuff I'm selling
at the moment they'll be linked in the
description near the top this thing is
genuinely so heavy you gonna hold on
over that oh my god oh my god
Foom you think it's broke possibly yeah
sure album broke my 1 million plug I'm
not the boss diesel how did you still
yeah we didn't obviously so you know
sure register open it and find out
million more things glass yeah it will
be better could you get me can you get
me my knife then except for that
thank you guides one y equals one for
air literally I don't want to say I
broke it because I wanna keep the
spirits high
I think we're all right it said the
boxes usually have a lot padding on but
it could it could very well be broken
right now I'm saying nothing walking oh
absolutely
say nothing else okay I'm going to be a
lot more careful this time I'm gonna
wait down on the floor I'm gonna slide
out more you know we're not risking
anything
Oh mommy you ready yeah
is it broken I don't know oh my god okay
Gary three two one sister Oh Mogan oh
it's broke oh my craft I never look
cannot sue no okay okay
I'm very lucky Ruby the letter yeah I
think we should read the letter Morgan
just don't go and stand on the ball from
the peak no okay so guys you Valley my
show enough respect to the YouTube
market cameras on what you're doing so
we're going to the wet to hear from
Michael Susan watch aggg gender dr. Jack
I'm sorry Susan if you watching this I
really are I really am
I'm sorry and yeah we're gonna give this
a read right now you're bigger than
Vancouver you're bigger than Venice
you're even bigger than Las Vegas you're
even bigger than fat more just stomach I
was gonna say that
it doesn't actually say that I was gonna
say you're bigger than fat more what a
million subscribers
maybe you've imagined that day for a
long time or maybe you never thought
you'd grow so big fat mugs but once you
could envision it either way not much
give Mike the satisfaction of finding
out that you're creatively what's that
noise
all my friends always talk when what I'm
recording they never told me when I'm
not recording they ask you how you are
you just have to say that you're fine
when you're not really fine either way
not much too much to satisfy to you to
find out that your creativity that your
ideas that your boy speaks to 1 million
people across the globe
Anjali speaks that 1.8 million book I'm
a forgiver won't forgive me I'm sorry
YouTube I'm joking okay I'm joking
please don't restrict my channel hold on
that makes sense remember being able to
touch the lives of so many people is
reward in all did you know yeah should I
be rewarding you know no its reward to
know I should have dropped out of school
I'm going going back to school Oh with
your track record we suspect that you're
going to keep growing but we can't wait
to see you reach the next milestone ten
million subscribers it was pretty big
one either day
I think young amazing you far away but
remember the days while you're excited
tell the files and dice true you know
rice pretty this pretty true you've
amazed us keep daring keep dreaming big
keep doing it possible challenges I keep
creating you're sincerely Susan wad
you're jumping ba-ba-ba-ba-ba ba-ba-ba
CEO YouTube come on baby what's the
surname right okay I'm gonna put all
that sir Roger and now we're gonna get
still Kimble are you ready for this wait
I'm told
let me kick it over no no don't pick it
please here we go guys free to flip it
yeah is that a little chip mother no I
think is what you serious I think come
on you think you've genuinely made a
little dent in it Oh God anyway guys
here it is d 1 million playboy and home
among get back behind the camera but now
I'm gonna kick it oh oh my goodness this
thing is sick ohh
oh my god yo look at all
seriously they don't get lot more take a
look there
hey you got that look in there this is
like so much bigger than the 100k one
this is completely smashes the hundred
k-12 pieces I thought the 100k one was
good okay I'll call me over here for a
minute just admire the beauty of that
just a migrant more woman Miriam admire
all the gold playboys come let's kiss in
it Oh what to be bad you probably own
Joe male like good in half this probably
y'all in my house because you pretty
much built my channel oh well guys there
we go
I'm having flight dodged the box cuz the
books all over the floor you did it we
hit one bill I'm saying we hit one bill
that was a while ago we've got the place
guys hold on should be closer oh my god
thinking of going in all get it don't
work actually put it guys comment down
below why you think we should punish we
put on this ball yeah babe with the club
ladies thank you guys why you think it
just so many options I think that wall
when you were kids
oh you're not gonna put that one down
like kind of choking me I'm gonna hold
it like that
Nova seriously guys I don't want to say
a quick thank you honestly your support
means the absolute world a woman not
just choosing every day to watch my
videos to everyone that watches them all
to the end please nice comments please
nice feedback leave likes tells the
friends honestly it means out the world
to me
this is something I've done for ages
because a little bit it's a passion and
honestly having an audience is biggest
team morgg's to share all my videos with
is we really just need a lot guys are
really really thankful did you like more
benefits below he loves you guys
oh you've got nothing else if YouTube
dies more marks I think about you'd have
to similarly you so like this olive oil
you some guys please don't leave my
channel I'm gonna be homeless just stuff
in the stage with my 1 million Piper's
could win it like this telling people
about you past and what you've done and
never seriously guys thank you all so
much it it I don't want to say another
massive thank you to everyone that
supports me everyone that watches my
videos and won the favor just click the
line but everyone that's subscribed
honestly you means the world I really
hope you continue watching my content on
a real hope you'll continue enjoying my
content and I always say if you guiding
feedback will be sure to leave that in
conversation below and I'll try my best
to keep pleasing you guys as well as I
can because you know you guys please me
your please visa that I would please you
back no I'm gonna do really quickly is
just give you guys a little tour of this
room now this was actually the garage
not right there was a garage door but
now obviously as you can tell not really
a garage door anymore is it
well yeah as you can see we've done this
all up into room it's not 100% done but
it kind of basically is huge thanks to
mom who helped and obviously just
basically just did all they all just did
it old insurer didn't okay well yeah it
does look really nice this is gonna be
my new studio that's obviously kind of
why I did this it's gonna be going on
the wall I'm gonna be set up in our
studio in here so yes I'm only excited
you know you do baby so guys we're back
upstairs now as you can tell and I just
wanted to wrap this video or by saying
again a massive thank you to everyone
watching this and everyone that's ever
supported me and I say thank you a lot
but I honestly do mean it without you
guys
I'm literally nothing like there's
nothing else I don't really have any
other hobbies I've got no other career
that I ever wanted to do I always just
wanted to be a youtuber in-game rewards
like this from YouTube just helps to
remind you how crazy this is and remind
me that you guys are all out there and
how many of you there really is and I
really do appreciate it but honestly it
means everything to me like which like
literally everything I've said this
quite a bit but honestly guys if you
keep supporting me and I'll keep doing
my bit and making videos to hopefully
entertain you guys and yeah guys one
more time thank you bye guys where I am
gonna end this video if you've enjoyed
remember to leave a like on the video
down below that would really really mean
a lot to me guys and also if you are new
remember to subscribe to my channel down
below for more crazy videos like this
also check out my other social media in
the description below there'll be all
the links I've got Twitter snapchat
Instagram and check out my merch if you
want to maybe get some clothes and I'll
get some other stuff for guys - bye if
this video as always I've been morgg's
you guys been awesome and I'll see you
in my next video peace out if you
enjoyed the video then remember to
subscribe to mugsy's channel and don't
forget to leave a like if you have a big
penis thanks for watching peace out
