guys I'm a just a board of one of the
best pranks you will ever see I got my
mama so freakin good
hello guys and today we have another
crazy prank on my mom now it's been ages
since us gonna cry
but today in that chain the prank idea
for this video was I was gonna tell my
mom that I was leaving home to go to
America aged 15 and we honestly got one
of the funniest reactions ever
however it did kind of go wrong because
spoiler alert my mom cried now just
before we get into the video I want to
told you guys about few small things
number one I'm giving away a mortally to
one person who leaves a light on this
video and subscribe to my channel this
is an embroidered MH hoodies available
in white black red and blue and I'm
gonna be giving one away to the winner
and letting them pick the color inside
so remember to subscribe and leave a
like down below and if you want to check
out the hoodies in check out all the
other stuff I have available on my shop
then the link is in the description
below now the last prank I did on my mom
I actually filled up her bedroom with
ball pit balls and made a ball pit
inside her bedroom
as you know today we changed the game up
completely and went for more of a mental
kind of like acting prime I had to
really step up my game and get my
serious mode on this is what I did is I
managed to convince my mom that I was
leaving home and honestly it was crazy
now add a few strategies going into this
for the past few months I've been
telling my mom that some stage sometimes
June I want to actually move out of the
house I've been planning this prank for
weeks I've been getting ahead and today
was the day that I finally pulled it off
all I'm gonna say guys is watch this
full video you do not want to miss any
of it because it's absolutely hilarious
also remember to follow my other social
media Twitter which is more constant
Instagram which is more YT and snapchat
which is morg Hudson but ladies and
gentlemen I think that is about it so
get ready for one of the funniest pranks
you will probably ever see I really hope
you enjoy smash like if you're excited
subscribe if you're new and guys let's
go back about an hour to when I pull
this prank Oh see you guys then okay
guys everything is set up my camera is
turned on the thing is it's in the exact
same position that I always keep it on
my setup so she 100% will not thing is
turned on I also don't think she'll even
notice it to be honest I'm gonna call
her up I'm gonna out like and just play
my ps4 and let's try this guys wish me
luck let's see if we can go Oh mom come
on I need you can you bring me a drink
Oh orange juice and now we wait honestly
I'm I'm actually kinda nervous guys I'm
actually kind of nervous why she don't
believe us oh my god we keep my voice
down okay serious marks activated no
laughing no jokes just serious serious
conversation guys let's do this come on
you ready cough sweets uh no you got it
now suppose you forgot if we were just
don't you fill my if you got like I
don't know five minutes I've got more
not Fabio since cut soon so that's what
you're talking about
you are at okay yeah yeah sure I'll just
actually don't you don't want to oh you
know what a dog feels like to be right
serious what that's funny
oh okay basically it's not a big deal
right it's not like 100% finalized yet
yeah like I like knife I can show you
can reopen in you know you know Josh
yeah you know Chris Chris Chris and Josh
Johnson one youtuber you know Josh is be
stay there how do I remember Josh you
know I've been told you for a while
about moving out
yeah uh I guess sixteen yeah but like an
hour up too early yeah yeah but what
we're doing is I'm you know Chris you
know Chris is eight mother is eighteen
yes and what we've done is that there's
an apartment and you know la what's
under this yeah this put those
requirements enough yeah he lives he
he's bought it right well he hasn't
bought it is red in it and him me and
Josh are going to be staying that for a
little bit not not the full year
I don't know what you mean I don't
understand what you mean you mean you
want to go on this service no like I'm
going to go in there for like half the
year and then one now
like when you're 60 no no well
technically I can't legally do now but
I'm just going to be like staying there
for now but like what I'm 16 I just want
move that only but for now just be there
like most of the time together what you
mean you gotta leave yeah it wasn't even
you are you serious yeah I've been so
afraid what is next Dean and I said you
can't you can't just go like that
you're not going Morgan no it's all you
mean by no you can't do on this right
now retire it's for my career I have to
call it I'll come with you I can't come
with also visit
I promise I'll still visit well not
every weekend no I fly over no wives
before fun I'm enough doing it dad about
this I have no I cannot I don't yet know
until don't you know you can't just do
that I need I need studied information I
need to know more and I just don't you
know old enough I didn't think I had to
leave oh I've been researching it for a
little bit and I'm pretty sure I'm
pretty sure it's allowed Wow I'll be
going over like saying and then once on
16 or whatever I can fully legally live
there but it's not my career how can he
not understand that okay it's a lot
better for videos over there what more
people
what's people you just know Arizona
Meggitt got many friends and video
awesome noise alder do I have a sign so
mercury I'm not trying to stop you
career Morgan I've been really
supportive I know you out a lily school
and I'm supposed to give them so I know
you support me am i all baby there were
15 and start to just face but I'm not
supporting you I'm worried about you
they are guns in America I just think
you're being looking for I'm gonna get
many more possessive I think I mean
really cause that's dude it's not called
possessive more the way your children is
how you feel I'm just gonna go to
America for a year I just know a little
bit a new shoe you don't you know my
dreams today goodbye cannot forbear
follow your dreams are your car full
you're following your dreams you say
you've got your room you've got a full
what was the point of any of this I've
been saying for months I'm gonna be do
you seriously don't think I'm old enough
to make my own decisions
well good I don't think you can make
your own decisions but I just don't
think you realize you've never been away
from home for more than it 3 4 days oh
wow no you're not going to America on
your own do all my own I'm afraid Morgan
I don't know them that's end a
conversation no it's more yes it is no
good rotten I'm going to speak to your
father about this all those things win
because you're probably back me up even
think you're old enough to go you don't
realize you're having a has gone mad I'm
going to speak to your father about this
oh oh my god oh my god
Jesus um let me get this camera hold on
hold on hold on guys oh my god oh my god
that words I didn't know expected to out
like that what the hell I'm gonna follow
her in a minute even Gaelic I got it
good okay guys I'm gonna try my best to
film some of this if she's actually
ringing my dad we have to be quiet
though some two friends is that it's
taking I don't even know he's talking
about and he said he's got to go over
one of those 18 and they've got an
apartment that the rent in and you can
go to stay with him and when I said no
he's too old it's ridiculous he started
saying I was 40 I don't spoil all this
fucking food do it do you agree with me
I'm not being nice I'm not being too
like protected Molly seems to think he's
it gossip guns or go in there Morgan you
don't want sure just a minute I don't
know where he's I mean it long enough
normally gone what Morgan yep wait till
in this building the game upstairs is a
surprise isn't surprised it's the
surprise are you so good were you in on
it
have you been in on it okay no obviously
not wait to America Oh Frank dad says
that you're terrible son and he wants to
God he'll take to the airport tomorrow
if you want
oh that stuff you've just said things
alive but just the prank is it for me
yeah wait hold on mom do me a favor look
right into the camera lens right happy
brag on the lens and say I've been prone
I've been pregnant by the king
no not go too far by the boy you don't
have to make
cuz I'm bad even brewed a little bit on
it Bruno - Bruno were you in on it so it
was Lindsey knows dem when we were
getting very Bruno's getting upset as
well well yeah yeah you never mentioned
Bruno I was gonna bring Bruno into it I
was gonna use Bruno was the make you
feel guilty
high-five good boy high-five good boy
guys I'm just in the middle of editing
this video and I realized I never
actually did an outro this video well
yeah guys personally I did really enjoy
this prank it's nice to do more just
kind of like a psychological prank
rather than just all the physical ones
where you're like you know fill up a
room with ball pit balls and all that
stuff it's kind of nice just to sit down
and get in ahead mom I just do want to
say mom I never be watching this I am
very sorry but you know all the stuff
you've done to me I feel like you did
kind of deserve it you got anything you
can deny that anyway guys if you want
more price then remember to leave a big
thumbs up on this video down below if we
can smoke like 25,000 likes I'll try and
bring you guys another prime and also
remember to subscribe down below if you
both those things you'll be entered into
a giveaway for some of my merchandise
and while I'm talking about it go check
out my merchandise they'll be linked in
the description or just ill bawwk
thank you all so much for being the
great so pause on YouTube and watching
this video if you watch at the end you
guys as active squad and I really
appreciate you and as always I've been
mold you guys been awesome and I'll see
you in my next video peace out
