Oh so I or three two one held up Jesus
hello guys welcome back to another video
today we have a crazy digit spinner
experiment let me just get my Fuji
spinners out of my balls early which you
can get in the description down below
from my shop here we go so I went out
and bought a bunch of different fizzy
spinner sign with a standard one taking
one up guys it's double sided one but
this one's kind of like a lavinia so
this one goes a hell of a lot faster
than the plastic ball but we've got
another standard plastic born in why
they only know why I got this one as
well whatever matches my topic which is
Amal funny but you can get down below in
the description stop it get some help
and finally we've got the craziest one
this is a aluminium one well this is a
triple one so this one will go literally
so done fast this one is crazy they're
just a plain wood but today what I'm
going to be doing an exploitable against
the items are down on this table
we've got glasses water bubbles diet
coke even a cheeky banana I'm going to
be doing is spinning them super fast
getting as fast as I can and then
dropping them onto the items see if
they're going to get through them and
destroy them it's going to be so damn
fun and actually kind of like a given
experiment seen why does it go through
and seeing how well you know the boy
spends it kind of cool on doors against
the mall just found a plastic one it's
gonna be for your side boom yeah good
cause I'm freaking excited and also guys
I want to make you a deal where I I
wanna make you a deal if a banana
randomly just flies out of the sky and
hits me then you have to leave a like on
the video like seriously why would it
banana you drop out the sky and hit me
well understand but if it goes
to leave alike don't do it right now I
won't even happen there you know I made
will start this video off with a banana
just because you know why the hell not
okay as you can see we've cleared the
table we've got the banana on that and
more which fidgets spinach think we
should start with the white one yeah I
start with a white one there the real
question is do we peel the banana or not
try unpeeled enjoy yeah let's do that
I'm gonna spin the fidgets spinner I'm
gonna get it super fast literally like
as fast as I've ever got it and get
ready I'm gonna drop it onto it three
two one oh it didn't do it it didn't
work looks like we're gonna have to peel
the banana oh I am from a bruise three
two one miss oh that's fast three two
one
oh my goodness guys cake oh look at that
seriously capable to go and so deep into
able to get all the way through tragic
come on that's exactly what I was
thinking more my like you're thinking
great minds think alike we're gonna pull
out the double-sided metal one this
one's a lot thicker a lot faster really
I spill in breeze two one
Oh accuracy I'll actually got in the
exact same place guys I'm gonna finish
off let me get this spinning well I
guess for the first test of banana it
passes guys it didn't get destroyed um
okay for the second test we're gonna put
it up a little bit I'm not sure about
this one but we're gonna do they can't
have come zero
becomes all pretty sturdy but I believe
it's a Swedish spinners anyway that's
all the experiments bought so let's lay
that down on the reinforced with tissues
table and let's get this thing started
you know what I'm not gonna keep you
guys waiting any longer the big one the
big guns are coming out we're gonna need
them to break this code card three two
one Oh I was bullying the next paper it
actually went through the cards yo guys
I mean I didn't want to sound like a
faint react in there but I 100% I just
didn't think I was going to go through
like not one bit I didn't believe in the
power of the fidget so it missed it but
I didn't go all the way through but
we're out to change not three two one oh
my god don't spray it
oh my god the fish is bigger went flying
well they can Mormons don't fall it's
done boys enough if you just got things
to eat and drink this Morgan yeah how's
my strategy so when you want the
aluminium finish been added to the coke
can but now we're going to figure out
the plastic ones and the not so strong
ones can penetrate through the car okay
we're gonna go with the black born the
only one we haven't done yet
I'm going to give this a massive spin ah
damn I didn't connect well three two one
oh no oh god oh god wait that's my could
not just go back here just went back in
oh we made a big dinner in it as you can
see but we didn't quite break it I think
we've got to give it another go
where's the white plastic bridge it's
been three two one oh well we throw the
light on now it looks like well looks
like the cans can resist the plastic
food spinners but they can't with the
male ones let's move on to the next
experiment guys so guys it's time to
move on to the next experiment and this
is probably the craziest one we're going
to be putting a fidget spinner up
against a bubble bubble this is a super
bubble bubble you may remember a while
video on these things and these are
genuinely like indestructible I
struggled so much breaking this thing
but in the end I did break it with a
hammer so that got me thinking you know
I'm coming with sander Pidgey spinner
today we're gonna before you know it was
talk us through what you did Morgan I'm
sticking my finger and trying to find
the hole the perfect one all things we
doing oh you did it yeah you got it
I got it it's nice color Oh Morgan
you've pulled out you soon
I'm so sorry much just a minute oh yes
it yeah Oh No
okay guys some of your almost completely
dead we completely ripped it so we've
got sod with another one we did bring
back up and we actually managed to get
it in this time once again it was more
so you know who shout out to you were
here we go
boys and girls here we go how big should
we actually get in okay I'm going to
stop it a few seconds guys I don't want
to get it massive but we're going to get
it just a little bit bigger first won't
calm me down four five five four three
two one
Oh
Oh God oh okay the wall bubble is in
place I was thinking you know which one
are we gonna use but you already know
it's gotta be the big Powerball guys
leave a like if you're excited right now
because I have I'm going to try and get
perfect connection there we go so Idol
three two one Oh excellent
oh my god I'm gonna have to throw it all
not all right it you any three two one
no way I have another idea mom I have
another idea
for the final test Mel one and the other
now on okay freeze to one god the Fiji
spinners of God flying guys I think it's
pretty clear the water ball passes the
test next thing we're gonna move on to
have to be a potato now this feels
really solid so again I'm full annoyed
about the liquids finish the call come
across and wind it round I'm pulling up
but anyway it surprised me with the
cocaine so we're going to point down
we're going to go to the big bad one
again I'm gonna give it a big spin and
then three two one looks and close three
two one oh yes we got connection guys
I'm looking singing a piercer quite a
bit there it did its way through a
little bit but you know not not too much
nothing you gotta give another
yeah we're gonna go for the metal double
one give it a big spin guys free to
breathe two one oh my god missing it
three two one Oh
what do you do one get knocked down you
go again three two one you too much or
you know what more passes the net yeah
after pass yeah yeah von Tobel x-wing
guys it's gonna be a piece of card and
this isn't paper this is card card it's
pretty hard he had a triple side of
metal on you a big spin there we go
gonna pick up the paper three two one
just right over okay my last try guys
come on three two one
well paper papers tougher than comes
certainly looks that way but start
something sell coke and cardboard oh
yeah okay guys it's time we move on to
the poem bass we're gonna grab Oh
pombe there it is and we're going to put
him down there on the table
three two one you're like oh I'll go is
it's a goner
poor little thing crease it now this one
if you want they spit on the floor
well guys the ponder fails and now we're
going to move on to the glasses we've
got three different thicknesses down
here if mum would actually be a good
camera and show them I think this one is
the finished this one's about medium and
this one is found fixed so we're going
to start with this one
then guys we're probably going to break
some glass like this is going to be very
dangerous guys don't try this at home
no it did bring the Sun face protection
I don't know how much protection these
will actually offer boys bad so just
stay safe I guess okay guys I'm going to
give a spin I'm going to get it proper
fast here I'm going to move all the way
back three two one no wow more seriously
seriously what is up with our three two
one three two one three two one dami
three two one three two one oh my god
how I miss from three to get more be in
those last wins we're moving on to the
other ones guys is why last time really
get to spinning really fast I'm going to
see how it will fill with get ready
breathe do one skin the edge three two
one goddamnit you pick your Y bus three
two one
oh my god Oh God dare you do movement to
move I think it's pretty clear that the
fidget spin award today guys we're
moving on to the last class of always
got further back and yeah we're gonna
see if it for physics pinning and finish
off the last class okay are you ready
three two one
I don't think that bro three two one
this is absolute carnage no Michelle
should I probably camera now when you're
gonna get some shoes on that's probably
the best option well guys that was a
fidget spin extreme fidget spinners
versus wineglasses
thanks for coffee versus foo versus
wobble bubbles guys if you enjoyed and
you want another thing it's been a video
leave a thumbs up on this video down
below and also subscribe to my channel
if you are new the more crazy just
extreme challenges like this huge shout
out to mum over there who is kind of
just in a little bit of a sticky
situation right now but yeah you shout
out to her I really hope you enjoyed the
video and thank you all so much for
watching check out my merchandise in the
description below there'll be a link
check out all the other stuff I have on
there and also remember to check out my
other social medias again all the links
are in the description Twitter snapchat
Instagram guys check them all down below
but guys as always I've been bored you
guys been awesome and I'll see you in my
next video peace out
