this thing is 74 guys don't chance at
home guys only table belong on me I have
what could possibly be the biggest
coming in the world seriously I want on
a quest looking around the internet
tried by the world's biggest coming and
I swear to you this is the biggest one I
could find this is so big that I had to
get imported from America I don't even
live in America so as you can see down
here we have a box in this box is the
world's largest snake on the camera it's
got a cave this stuff has been shipped
from America so it's been packaged wild
Moisture safe refrigerant pack my oh my
god mom you never guess what no I'm
saying we're almost into the box stop it
get some help geez only moisture safe
refrigerator place that we got we got
two more look at all the boys she stays
perpetuating upon so my god I genuinely
can't even begin to explain how heavy
doing is like this thing I've not even
exaggerating waves and freaking talk
okay we're cool the tape of the actual
box this is when the suspense gets real
okay you ready for this I'm gonna try
and just just pull it straight out oh
but oh my god
are you kidding me oh-oh-oh-oh you know
I mean they've got to go okay I think
this freaking snake seriously look at
this
hold on is it longer than the table I
think it might actually be longer than
the table
this thing is genuinely hanging off the
side this is this is longer than the
table how long is it you think six full
so we're actually measuring it we
measure it let's measure it you got tape
measure the Mavi yellow yellow one in
that drawer we got the tape measure okay
you put onto his nerves gonna try this
again oh oh no I feel like you've
stopped in a line
thank you watch this am ia genius or am
ia genius okay mom hold on yeah keep a
nice grip of it you have a measure this
entire thing this thing is 7 foot
ethernet 7 fault
like over I'll catch it okay it's funny
oh this is a sweet freaking sweet
you eat not you eat that in here right
here is a gummy Cola bottle this is a
standard sized gummy Cola bottle next to
this snake like seriously can you oh my
god like good no no if you guys would
like and buying this like I've bought
this to eat obviously I'm gonna start
eating in a minute but like I don't say
used to manage this entire thing so if
you want to bite through this literally
just leave a like on this video I'll
mail it so I'll cut off the ends and
I'll just I'll mail it to leave a like
right now mom's you're gonna mail some
to you even though we yeah yeah
look at the size of the snake are you
thinking what I'm thinking
I bought this knife for a reason well I
knew it'd come in handy
guys don't chance at home but yeah we've
got the tail this thing is actually we
haven't quite slaying the Beast yet but
we've taken its a pocketful actually why
taste good
so easy.all thankful for me
don't try a bit more I'll feed it to
I'll feed you my snake
you guys ever fed me his name before
that's what she said yeah there's a
carrot on the table sandwich
I'm even gonna get chopping board okay
mom are you ready three two one Oh
Joe this thing is hard and this thing is
hard one hour later two hours later
three hours later six hours later hmm
not perfectly round I yes oh thank you
Facebook even a nibble it off oh just
superb eyes are gone
welcome to do me say snakes up by my
side no Facebook mom look at my new
snake no you think one thinking it looks
weird was it all I don't know what sits
in the like a spinster
oh don't miss young
yep just a first that really a good
thing to do stop it now don't poke me
with your name there is your sort here
is my sword
yeah three two one
oh stop it now so guys how do you
remember the last Alaska we were in
video we did with the smaller gummy worm
when we tried to blend it and this
happened right well now time for round
two
okay one two time baby here we go we're
going to plug in the blender we're gonna
turn it on we're gonna freakin slap it
in like that and then we're just gonna
turn it on my mistake you know they show
when I saw going well you just have
water
man laughing yeah my fave all nice I
said it so you know
why would water right that is right baby
are you ready moment yeah okay
oh no disaster is burn-in that's some
plug-in young-ja at all mr. seppings
well we can smell burning we've burnt
the motor okay well we havin somebody
else okay what we're gonna do now is
gonna have a little bit of fault I'm
gonna put the remainder of this snake on
the floor I'm gonna let Bruno in and see
if we actually like recognizes it's too
sweet I think y'all know it's just
because you know he does love his food
but if he doesn't then he starts
attacking it it'll be the funniest thing
and before you all start moaning at me
don't cut up sweets I know if he starts
eating it I'll just I'll just take it
away I'm a responsible owner this has
been the plan all along
accidentally killing through that
shopkin condom there's a nuisance but mo
you can't kill him bass that's by snake
okay I'm joking I'm joking animal I love
him okay goomy's down there guys this is
kind of how the pallet rooms looking
it's not like little tin too good but
we're gonna let him oh my oh my god
arias the wild beasts the wild beasts is
here
oh no wait where's he going where's he
goin then oh he's scared of it is he
scared of it one what you think of it
you looking at what do we do
okay Bruno - Bruno I think I think
that's enough - I think I think that's
enough little guy oh no I think you like
sit by the table
hey Bruno are you going down there
Chester's in my camera you all right
yeah you are yeah but he's really not
anyways it you know I can't look at you
Morgan it's intimidating I get rejected
by girls get rejected by friends I get
rejected but it's now dogs now dogs put
them down saw was another Q out show is
all gonna go well he rides and give me a
pet you won't give me a kiss well guys I
swear we're gonna end the video if you
enjoyed remember to leave a like on the
video down below and also subscribe to
my channel because I I'm getting close
to 2 million and if you could subscribe
that I means the absolute world to me
we're on the road basket basket bat look
basket basket guys leave a like on the
video subscribe to my channel down below
we gain so close to 2 million
you could subscribe that would really
help me out guys as always I've been
morgues you've been awesome
you haven't been awesome in my next
video
breathe out if you enjoyed the video
then remember to subscribe to mug this
channel and don't forget to leave a like
if you have a big penis thanks for
watching please
