this guy said my name 100,000 times in
one video are you kidding me so well
great star so as I'm sure you're aware
by now quite a lot of videos are made
about me on YouTube however literally
every single one of them seems to be
just me getting roasted but today what
I'm gonna be doing I'm gonna be trying
to find nice videos that people have
made about me however is probably just
gonna go wrong and I'll end up just
looking at roasts because like I doubt I
don't think there's many nice videos
about me they ask you how you are you
just have to say that you're fine when
you're not really fine
well yeah guys if you are new to my
channel then be sure to hit the big red
subscribe button down below and also I'm
gonna be giving away in this video a 25
pound iTunes card and a 25 pound Android
car Android Google Play the Android one
all you have to do is be subscribed to
my channel down below and also comes up
this video leave a like down below and
we'll be good you know this is gonna
hopefully be a positive video so we
gotta have a little giveaway in there
I've got the earphones
I just went to put the life in the right
ear which is a terrible start this video
isn't going well as usual you got to put
in morgues on that search bar you got a
click enter you got to see what comes up
morgues roasts morgues roasted fat
Mark's calling Moore's on getting the
bin this video here roasting mourns I
hold feelings that I don't wanna click
it ah okay I promise one room's video
and then we'll get to the nice one hey
guys it's risco oh god what have I got
myself into
if a YouTube channel is
what did she call me morgues is a fat
kid I would people ever just accept me
for who I am
it's really good you're subscribing
afaik you find them because um my
channel hasn't hit 1 million subscribers
no why should yours because you know
when you think about underrated
youtubers the first one that springs
into your mind has to be roast girl I
said I wanting a look at Rose once I'm
going off the video I gotta keep the
spirits high Oh Giada I cry already and
we haven't even got started yet saying
moles 100,000 times in one video
oh man this cannot be this can't be real
just can't be real
no way no isn't he isn't oh my god the
video is one hour long snorts moves
moves mark mark mark mark Mokes
mach logs mold one hour later bugs bugs
bugs mobs look monk marks mom's mom's
mom's mobs marks
two hours later marks mugs a tomato mugs
mom's mom's mom's mom or three hours
later smokes bugs marks
Malta Malta Malta Malta Malta more walls
more tomorrow more got six hours later
mark Morgan got marks more logs more
logs more logs more tomorrow
mogs walks logs more logs marks marks
mogs Mors and Mors and Mors no but this
is just this is just ridiculous
oops oh my god I'm going hold on hold on
let me actually keep skipping I do not
know if this is real or not but like
this is an hour-long video I think this
is actually oh my god well you know what
I kind of feel like I've got to give
that a light ray and I gotta give that a
subscribe Tommy
may I don't even know what to say thank
you I guess it for that particular
conversation I'm actually interested
still people saying the best part was
when he said morgs I agree why the hell
would you waste your time doing this
wall what I'm thinking right now should
be honest there you go wow what a video
Jesus so this video is called
I'm M Boggs and I've seen these videos
pop up what I meet people and they make
videos on it and I remember the people
wanna see them a so cool seeing these
people wise videos when I remember them
hello let me say hello to video Ella
what's a channel Oh John vlogs hello
leave a like and subscribe well there
you go
saying morgs 100 times well I mean it's
not quite 100 thousand times but you
know I'll give her a watch why the hell
not sup guys my name is Ben on my
channel in in today's video guys I am
gonna be saying more 100 times guys so
yeah guys anyway let's just get to this
guys I'm sorry to interrupt but what
want you guys to do is count the amount
of times he says my name and then tell
me what you counted in the comment
section below because spoiler alert I
didn't count a hundred I don't want to
know what you counted anyway enjoy the
video you know what I'm gonna be
judgemental I'm gonna be harsh I want to
make sure he said it 100 times I'm not
accepting onion water I'm not accepting
ninety nine don't you dare think I'm
accepting ninety-nine I'm gonna be
judgment on dogs
log dog smokes smokes more what's most
most likes small walks very close and
more boys also win more this is 16789
23:01 vo2 max okay so 9 3 v 1 v 2 v 3 54
55 56 is hard you know to keep counting
put 7 38 39 40 41 he's slowing down 42
43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55
56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68
Oh we said Morgan not counting our 6jz
so 977 it 71 72 73
very full thank God for my 684 boy a
spare everything count at 84 either I'm
just not very good at counting all this
guy is he's trying to eat me try cheers
all you know what I'm just gonna put it
down south but we can't count you know
how to like have a light brush you have
a subscribe to dude your you deserving
sender for mugs
oh no I wanna click it I want to click
it
oh darling all good quick it Oh guys
what bonus to buy big in here now forgot
this bubble in again so yeah I love it I
really love it
it looks cool I mean I can't say
anything look at my hair it's definitely
better than my hair you guys wonder why
were buddy huh
sending once again for YouTube called
Moxie's like he puts on his voice and he
literally was little kids why so I Rose
little kids but you're sending for me
and you're about to roast me but I
really love kids but you just call me
I'm very confused really what's going on
with you I used to like you but now you
just annoying and one of the funny
channel I just think Quinn's going to
grant grant once this guy has got a
point why don't we go back to the old
mugs with quality videos like this ok
guys so I have just got ready I am going
out to have tea and then watch football
I clearly was a lot better back then
he's overlapping made with Viva video on
top of made with Viva video that is
absolutely outrageous I think that may
be the worst thing I've ever seen in my
entire life
the funniest thing about all these
videos is absolutely everyone in them is
just making them to try and get in one
of my videos I'm putting in some
giving them what they want and Cha next
video
whatever much whatever folks you are
dumber than a piece of saying can't even
be in a band well queue up stupid n you
are dumber than teeth the same and you
can't even be in a band
morgues you are dumber than a piece of
sand can't even be in a band I'm gonna
need a drink of water because those rows
were just to fire I've always wanted to
be in a band but Karndean won every time
I film these videos I think how can it
possibly get worse every single time it
never fails to surprise me well I went
into this video expecting to hope my
monitors just curl sweet well I came
into this video expecting a really nice
experience expecting lots of nice videos
on me instead we got saying moles
100,000 times roasting mods monks
distract mods exposed it's not it's not
looking good for me nevertheless I hope
you enjoyed this video if you enjoyed
remember to leave a like rating down
below that would really mean a lot to me
shout out everybody still watching the
video right now if you watch on the end
that shows that you are a true supporter
and that really means a lot to me you
guys really really mean a lot to me
and I really really do appreciate it be
sure to enter my 500 pound gaming PC
giveaway there will be a link down there
in the description subscribe to my
channel if you are new we're approaching
2 million we're kinda getting close if
you could subscribe guys that would mean
an awful lot to me and as always I've
been bored you guys been awesome and
I'll see you in my next video peace out
I'm never gonna be in a band I'm never
gonna offer boys want
looking a fun but I just want to be a
fun and I I will always love you
you know I don't kill she says I'm gonna
be the button one day
