Darwyn all good sir
correct aka moles dad we have small D up
sure over before small thing yeah
because you know smaller than me it's
great to have you here on the channel
you're in for a very very very fun time
I'm sure after last time you're very
much looking forward to it here can't
wait the people from Twitter sending
questions a lot of them interesting
questions
I can't wait yeah it's gonna be great ok
I'll be fair I'm gonna give you a nice
easy start ok an easy one mind dad what
was the first question in the last video
I it was something to do with the size
of something we shouldn't be talking
about ok first question we're gonna
start over an easy one when was the last
time your dad was sexually active come
on unscrewed anything at all to do with
private parts or sex we want ok ok we'll
move on to move on ok is your dad still
active in the bedroom why are you
attractive it's a different question
it's a living question ok I'm not dead
that's what I'm gonna say I'm not dead
ok this is a question to you if this
video right here gets 40 thousand likes
will you let me temporarily okay
temporarily dye your hair
Icom can i how can i on the weekend so
we don't go through to where come on
not for 4000 right right right
won't fall that 100,000 line sorry
dye my hair which will obviously last
pinata into me going to room 200,000 you
know what to do you know what to do I
would ask you to lightly like on your
second account I think I said mystical
me so don't do that just tell your
friends oh my god we have to do this
he'll die is hair put please please
don't let me down sit fresh with the
hair shut to the shield look at your
hands I look like oh here we go again
here we freaking go again is more
adopted no did I adopt my dad did you
adopt morgg's no was more failed
abortion that's what this one is much
different letter is more adopted is
Morgan a doctor now what is the fattest
fat hot moment is you on YouTube wow I
don't even answer that I'm standing on
two that I think is I think it's this
picture I hear that one is pretty pretty
horrible is your Dan adopted hashtag
gray hair you know I'm not adopted it--
what is it with you guys are the dogs oh
my what's your best memory together okay
you say yours and I'll say mine you go
first memory
Brooks holidays fantastic memory already
we've had a great time mother has been
really good holiday to be my best
beloved a house memory okay yeah what
meetings okay my best memory probably
what I forced him to do the cinnamon
challenge and he was like sick
everywhere else guy good on a cinnamon
challenge
what a lovely memory listen
as it is one girl has your dad been
sexually active in the last five years
more easy with the sexual question I
pass these laws these are the questions
that the beautiful deals at home is
sending in no I'm not answering any I've
told you not answering any of those
questions are not appropriate do you
miss fuck Morse no no fasciae Murr if I
show you that you're much more healthy
now you good food you exercise nice you
and so when I'm your knees huge yeah
yeah can I be in the video hashtag gray
hair now wait a minute
he is what he's not in the video oh yeah
okay why does your dad have the same
hair cause you okay let me answer this
let me answer this right
so I grow my hair cool with like the
comb-over right he liked it so then he
goes gets the same call I have to change
my hair like give him room real probably
got this dad if you have to start a
channel what would you call it I call it
a dad I would call it oh it's morgues
dad blood it's mom's anyone I know you
know but more looks dad who's got the
worst sunburn guys look at my nose
literally like you can basically ignore
the cheeks because they're always red
but my nose
literally bright red after somebody on
the first day roast mosh what again yeah
already roasted the top lip which is
laughable laughable right and the gun
show comport guns while skin you aggress
me again then I think much more that's
buddy hoof in it the shades seriously
you look so much better on me so much
better your dad looks like
well it's kind of a confident I did that
looks like Gary Lineker I'll tell you
that
Oh super so I can see a beer as well you
know what okay hey what a surprise but
i'll Depardieu do you like Alan Pardew
no way yeah would you rather get rid of
Morgan or support Sheffield United good
question
really good question can I have a five
minutes to ponder it no um I'd rather
support Sheffield align our plastic fan
expose Wow
so now then so that your roasted me for
say I'd rather keep you could you enjoy
doing videos with more your mom or your
dad
I think it's gotta be Bruno to be fair
Starlin without answer what is your
dad's biggest secret or most
embarrassing moment why is your biggest
secret I've been hiding from me all
these years
why behind it from the people what you
never told the YouTube audience you tell
embarrassing moment
I know either one of your secrets I told
them after will you tell me about a
moment right so the embarrassing moment
was a time when I had to go and have
some dental work done cut a long story
short I was nervous and I had to have
some kind of anesthetic seriously that's
my opening and it was kind of an
anesthetic is supposed to it's like gas
that's supposed to make me feel happy
but you it life is the stupid page
basically I had to have some work done
by gum cut open and I basically thought
the dentists were trying to scan me
it was costing about 2 grand a long time
ago so it's a lot of money and I
basically spaced out thought they were
ripping me off
didn't think they're even doing anything
and Kerr long story short I pushed him
out of the way
got out of the dentist's chair ran down
stairs not ran down says walk down
stairs in this dentist practice thank
God your mom had waited in the waiting
room for me because they got down there
and blood all over my mouth she was able
to somehow sort of bring impaction
to it's a reality and explained that
they were actually working on me that my
gum was off open and there was blood
everywhere
perhaps you need to go back upstairs and
get the work finished so how lovely okay
now are you ready guys Milica for your
secret the secret the dialyzer been
telling you and all that you've really
been asking but you guys know how I made
the video talking about my toes and some
of you we're asking you know if you've
got it as you dad got it who else has
got is you mom got it so does reveal
your toes I do have two toes but are
slightly webbed
just like you it rings in your male side
you know you using wish to go weird if
Morgan was a girl what would you have
named her ah that's me but you can't say
Morgan no no that's an easy one that's
an easy one mate Elise what Oh Louise
Elise Elise well I would've oh gosh I
would have been bullied I can't say your
mom would have gone for it
oh that's what it wouldn't fit we've got
girls right now anyway let's be honest
do you think your dad is funny no no
George oh they're wise buddy I got some
footage oh do you know what I'm gonna
end on a high note this is one for me is
morgs
actually six foot two yes yes it pains
me to say but if I don't admit you're 6
foot 2 how tall does that make me and
you see me in photos with Emily's two
inches above me
you're serious I'm almost reached 511
and half hour I'm sorry six-foot-two
yeah I know it has been easy
that's right well guys that is where we
are going to end the video dad what
should they do if they've enjoyed leave
a like why not just ask them to leave a
like when 105 no I don't like so much
leaving like guys 100 hours and we
realize no choice guys please also
follow my Twitter all my Q&A is where I
ask the question there's always on
twitter my twitter is at molted soon w
link in the description but you can
click and go to it and give it a follow
there's actually one question I saw
earlier that said dad do my outro or do
the outro okay so what I'm just going to
do it now you just walked off second if
it tries I swore top so thanks for that
last that question but I've been walking
down he's been walked he's now pocus out
out of the bedroom trainer
hi Mia anyway thanks for watching leave
a like blah blah blahdy blah peace out
haha if you enjoyed the video then
remember to subscribe to mug this
channel and don't forget to leave a like
if you have a big penis thanks for
watching peace out
