so as you may or may not be aware why a
lot of videos on YouTube were made about
me admittedly 95% of them are just
little kids telling me to die well you
know we we don't have to talk about the
Hat we hate much now you guys seem to
absolutely love it when I get roasted by
little kids so today we're back again
and as you can see I am thrilled
absolutely thrilled thank you laughs and
you know what guys I'm feeling really
really nice today I'm feeling so kind
and generous so I'm gonna do a giveaway
to one person who leaves a like on this
video I'm gonna be giving away an empty
broken can of Diet Coke oh my goodness
Nova seriously guys I am running a 500
pound gaming PC giveaway like and I
shall serious will home and they'll be
linked down there right to the top of
the description but I know you guys are
screaming at me Marvin get started a
video so I'm gonna get start going okay
okay so if you don't know any phase one
is to put I just spelled my name wrong
okay that's not good Isaac oh well okay
if you don't know phase one is to put
morgg's into the search bar secondly you
have to filter it to let's say let's do
this mom
you know let's do this month I'm Fiona
Lenny you have all the videos made about
me molds exposed brackets fat okay this
is Lily
if you can't accept me through it then I
don't care I was a big recive I'm sorry
Tom de bomb this is who I am I will not
change for you Tom de bomb you can call
me foul you like I am proud today I'm
going to expose the extremely popular
youtuber known as morgues please call me
- extremely popular youtuber so I mean
thank you Tom da bomb now has over two
million subscribers or is coming up to
two million subscribers sorry I really
don't know how this guy got this amount
of subscribers I don't know I mean it's
not like I've been doing this for like
four years or anything cool mugs made a
video with his mum about a killer clown
prank thing and hit pranked his mum in
it now the reason I mentioned this is
that his mum
is clearly having none of it and those
it's fake but Mork is still trying to
make her play along
well that video is actually a video of
my mum pranking me I actually had none
of it you know what one minute in and
you've already got your facts wrong so
you know you blew it bro
I here we go we've got a morgue this
track we've got a morgue this track it's
time okay I'm ready for this baby your
goal think about ten kids to n display
man if it's be found people ain't no
clothes on your hey looks like the
Boosters get to help it I'm so focusing
oh my god puberty we hit you hard all
you doing is get impacted impact upon
your house gives up
time for bed time for bed
you're with now time for peace yo it's
9:00 time for bed
says this guy who literally looks about
nine but to be fair you know the disk
travel is fairly good so I'll give him a
thumbs up for that guys I'm not gonna
lie
he has made me feel other self-conscious
about my hair looks looking like a
burden I know I'm gonna have to go and
take action on this you did this you did
this Pino raps you did this
you made me feel self-conscious and I'm
not happy about Oh God
that our God no more diss track columns
core oh my god yep this is actually
happen doesn't it oh my god okay I'm so
freakin ready for this I need to cool
down they're scared hiding it oh my I've
had it up to here with these clowns I'm
thinking down to Chinatown these is it
going now
calm calm calm is phasma I can laugh
about this I'm real enough about this
you know I'm gonna skip to a bit that's
actually about me a few moments later
I'm skipping through this and I can't
find anything about me oh here we go
here we go
like again
legit legit legit we hate the way says
legit legit legit legit legit legit
would you oh I would say column and
random mother dude hey full two-minute
fuzzy district and the only thing that
actually got dissed is the way I say
legit can't live it it did expect better
though to be honest I think even the
first guy was better than that and you
know he was just absolutely fantastic
alright let's continue into the world of
YouTube fad morgues takes crack for the
first time Morgan here I'm back from the
water park
that's the been a long time since I got
back actually like three hours I'm very
annoyed at myself back then for actually
using that instrumental like what was
wrong with me morgues new apparel
unboxing you know this is the type of
video I like to see let's give this a
watch I like this it's a very it's like
a slim fit good mogs
shit it feels like I feel like a morgues
right now you know like my first
youtuber merchandise I've ever brought
they brought over the mind a parlor so
yeah thank you mark under people I have
emailed them it was it took quite a
while to come over and what worth it's
very nice shirt you know what let me
switch back onto my onto my mom's
account let me go down and give this guy
comment I'm gonna subscribe to I'm gonna
subscribe let's just comment a nice
heart let's just comment a nice heart
thank you
for zero for being one of the only
people to actually do a nice video on me
okay I think we've got time for a few
more videos right now here we go
all right guys we're gonna take a slight
detail I don't want to show you guys
some of the this is genuinely some of
the funniest stuff I have ever seen
literally like this
brilliant doing this makes me love to
watch it to this day so this is this
video I mean my friends are messing
about like a train station they loaded a
video
mogs bully I exposed abuse my mom's
abuse story like a joke and the comments
on this video are golden because they
have the people like sticking up for me
the ones I've seen it's a joke and often
actually believe it honestly let me show
you the video take a look at this long
to meet you
so look at these comments I look at
these coming - groans phone clearly just
his mate Wow even if this is true what's
he got to do with him and if you think
about how how did he get with richest
people to get so soon then it became so
a running joke between me and some of my
friends upload these without least joke
videos because the replies are the
funniest things so then a lot of a
friends uploaded molds exposed catches
Mewtwo gone sexual chuckling gone big
show with heaps layer gone the fun day I
swear if anyone takes this seriously I'm
gonna just seriously welcome why didn't
you even effing make this your bully
mush the freezing manage this lab you're
the reason
society is Jesus this is I know one of
the funniest videos I've ever seen in my
life Cody I'm Cody
hi ha are you doing Abby stop she's like
36 oh you beat you see me oh there's no
I hear me why do you do it why have you
just hit me why have you just a little
why have you just hitting soulfood why
you've you just hit me
ah honey why have you just hear it right
by where you can tease me why are you
just hit me oh so you're lonely this
calling mold attacks bad 6000 V
so flipping fake so fake you bastard all
you do on your channel is expose morgues
for doing normal average things even if
he did hit you you were pissing him off
but because he's not a prick like you he
didn't hit you also shit I appreciate
you guys sticking up for me by like come
on oh that's not Mohr's liar well this
is awkward
okay one more video we're gonna play in
morgues district we're gonna end on a
district because yellow is the only real
way to end these video for the third
time
oh yeah I'm morgues
I dropped out of school because I tried
to get attention and I want more views
ah ah yeah I want some views I can't rap
yet you got that right
now that's why I'm joined the line that
was absolutely horrific well that was a
fun I really did enjoy that
well guys guys where I am going to end
this video if you've enjoyed remember to
leave a big thumbs up on this video if
you've watched this point a like would
honestly really really mean a lot to me
I don't if you watch at this point then
thank you because you know I really
doesn't mean a lot to me if you watch
into this point watching the full video
you guys are the true Oh G support again
remember to enter my 500-pound gaming PC
giveaway there will be a link in the
description it's perfect for people
wanting to start off youtube so just
click the link down there also subscribe
to my channel if you are new and as
always I can mould you guys been awesome
and I'll see you in my next video peace
out
