give it time to drink ten liters of diet
came between us
okay guys didn't see you wait guys today
we are joined with folks who just for
the record is under the influence of
alcohol right now I'm so good up there
oh yeah oh yeah fuckin lighter we
couldn't tell by the title today we have
a really fun video because what we're
gonna be doing is just gonna be drinking
diet coke well that looks great over you
can I kill one of two little steps I
reckon yeah it's about a really what
tooth
we got a drink it all so guys today what
we're going to be doing is we're gonna
try and drink ten liters or none of
these two labels I didn't actually check
this are you sure about that
yep Julia's we're gonna chime to drink
10 litres of Diet Coke between us with
our birthing that's the challenge
literally right if you've ever had Diet
Coke you'll know you take like a sip and
then instantly you just burped it's like
a simple is it
pretty much today we're having 10 litres
just impossible no but we gotta get your
vest up give it a go but it's not
possible so each one of these bottle by
8 equals 10,000 yep so what do you get
when you add them all together 2050
follow that if you found 50,000 nothing
about life I want you guys to smash on
this video 50,000 likes of the time on
here so we're gonna get started right
now yeah
I would one that's quite cold so I say
we jungle more chew let's go
she was just done with these two all
right okay let's do it okay new you tell
me is any boys like 9.99 puppy that is
ridiculous so ice no need to worry guys
got it tissues absolutely absolute
animal glad that maybe it's a mr. muscle
maybe even some Windex could even gala
I'll be a minute can we show that well
you show that now this is a little bit
like coincidence to me
I love chairs chairs bro so we're gonna
try and find out who can drink the most
without burping so literally I want you
to burp you want me to burn just over
whoa got start already can't tell him
what to do is gonna verb he's gonna look
like you're not gonna Oh bon appetit mr.
Paul Watson with a DP mrs. Smalley let's
the iron well just
oh yeah I was literally about to bid
then yeah we go I'm over here 1987 that
is are we gonna go all right over here
it's gone it's gone
small small sips
oh my god oh oh oh my god Leslie I'm
waiting for it's gonna happen how I sold
it I followed the bird I saw like the
bird I'm being you I never a fool but
it's like a while endangered onwards
there will a be free turn to say
something I don't drink but how many
shielded by Jai about 17 bottles a day
mmm tell you Joe someone's gotta yeah oh
no it push it just a while making cold
guys watch this this goes out to your
team or other breakfasty be strong
good you doing for the move yeah hey
don't say my dog
why are you doing on let it go let it go
anymore let it go let the battery we do
that
scrambled eggs what about bro that's not
right cuz that's just made in fees back
math you need to burp even more that's
not right cool I didn't don't you
there's no contact broker is a contact
sport if he contacts the boy diet coke J
did
Jackie's coming us announcer coming up
tattooin offer don't on corn your bro
waiting on the grill
okay like Paul Jay coming up are you
know what you know what what most of the
barber unless the boat lady be gone
father come show okay there's nothing
magical good ship no big boys filming me
to work I can't you carry color how
could we fit it as well you dropped your
could be talked into bed right now
watching a nice episode of ever go to
bar Avenel father voiceover sorry
doubling cubicle light I could think of
a better way to spend my evenings up
with my best friend in the entire
universe - I don't love you lying why
are you always right darling darling
this God isn't unphysical was checking I
wish you were one I'm still be more than
one of what are you doing stop better
notes all I'm laughing lost you know
which was it you know what I see makes a
little bit more interesting makes a
little bit more competitive but birthday
if you burn you can you automatically
lose right well you can do the rest of
the follow fascist
I'm not able to label your here you
agree so shit us on this thing
yeah the carpet you bet you off my play
out for the waiver to the bowl how
birthing to the box I saying it's like
you can't speak but if you
the running pregnant girl how did you
get to that from putting a preggers
where's your big advantage here but my
own damn story not to me is hurting um
she got taken to their own the worse at
that point Mia Michaels right up and so
would pay guys I'm actually really like
this side to pull off I'm so far ahead
of you but I'm still nearby the injury
tomorrow fill our spring bar so low in
there ah if you think it I hope yeah I
pilots real I'll expect away with our
Judis colors for a dealer I just like to
save the record you started that door I
wear yeah so we got one pair of shorts
arrested over here
well rowdy
well guys them that's why we're going to
end this one clearly the discipline just
a crafting video Malo story don't record
when you're parison under the influence
of alcohol class guys I'll see you next
time or an absolute bloody disaster
