I just want Paradise Palms 100 times and
you won't believe what happened
no no no no no no aah it's the flip it
won't be one come on baby yo guys its
Moe's and today I'm gonna be dropping in
to Paradise Palms 100 times on fortnight
and see wha now as you guys know
Paradise Palms
with a new location in the new desert
area on fortnight season 5 and in this
video we're gonna be finding out if it's
a good place to live and seeing if we
can get a victory for our watch all the
way to the end of the video because I've
a feeling this video is gonna have
shopping no it isn't the first time
you've ever seen me on your screen
welcome to the channel my name is moles
and I post their craziest fortnight
challenges you will see on all of
YouTube I think hopefully and if you
look below my subscriber count we are
only 100,000 subs away from 4 million so
if you could subscribe to the channel
that would mean the world to me and
comment down below that you subscribe
and I'll be replying to some of your
comments and yesterday guys as you know
I dropped these gold signature
embroidered hoodie and guys all I have
to say is Wow they'll almost sold out in
like a day
so if you haven't already caught one of
these exclusive hoodies then this could
be your last chance to get one before
they sell out forever by the time you're
watching this they may already be sold
out so click the link in the description
below just go through badoo badoo be
bored don't come and join us the merge
squad right now before it's too late
Morgan look at the mannequin I think he
needs one your mom I think I agree with
you
he needs one he needs one he needs one
it just wants it to wear one that's all
Oh guys link in description get one
before they sell out
now Paradise Palms is such an
interesting location and here's why
number one because it's so far from the
center a lot of people don't usually go
there unless the battlebot passes
straight over a lot of the times I was
the only one there in a new location but
here's the catch in Paradise Palms not
only is there loads of the new golf cars
which you can use to easily get into the
store but there's also the portals which
you can use to get to the sky and then
just flow back into the store so even
though it's far away from the center
you won't struggle get into the store
and in terms of the loo available there
I'll actually put up there with tilted
towers there's chests everywhere there's
houses everywhere and this makes her in
my opinion one of the best places to go
on the map but now it's time for the
moment you've all been waiting for let's
jump into the games let me show you what
happened when I dropped their 100 times
starting with game number one and this
game was an interesting one to say the
least
okay guys we are here at Paradise Palms
for the first time I think we're
actually alone here guys
nobody else came so you know what that
means guys we have loads of time to
collect all that sweet Lou and explore
the city that we're gonna be dropping in
100 times right now let's do this chest
we got jewel wheel pistols grenades no
that good but yo I'll take it
oh okay another chance some what we're
gonna gasp another duel with pistols bro
I don't want them no no paradise palm I
don't want the dual wheel pistol look at
that guy's another big seal taking us to
one hundred one hundred and the store
mine is autos another chance
yeah not you will pistols
thank the Lord oh my gosh wait like gold
skull baby how could we lose this game
could we get win on the first game it
could happen especially if we keep
finding chests and gain all this Lulu oh
my days oh my god not the chest guys we
are literally taking all the loop of
this city but we're eating it oh my gosh
and a sniper
you have got to be kidding me oh Jesus
I'm getting bored of finding all these
chests I know the chest under med kit
guys we just did an entire lap of the
city we looted every house we've got a
blue tie Gold scarf Bowl two big shields
and to make its and now I think there's
only one thing left to do don't cut away
if we don't win this game I'm gonna be
disappointed
I think I see something in
the distance every young guys were
rollin into our first battle of the
episode
can we see anyone got a little chickies
night here we go guys were rolling into
our first fight and we just got sniped
not the best start but it could've been
worse
no it it couldn't have if we don't win
this game I'm gonna be disappointed
yeah guys Game one didn't exactly go to
plan
jump it into the next game I want to
show you which is game number 15 but if
you wonder what happen between game
number one and game number 15 I think
you can probably guess and went a little
bit something like this I think you guys
probably get a picture by now guys let's
check out the next game okay guys here
we go
guys come on there we go this guy's a
bunch of people came Paradise Palms with
me guys so I'm gonna go on the whole
drying clear everybody I'll and you know
just make this city mine well screw
everyone else who
where's this guy come on bro come on bro
I know you're in there you gotta build
me oh sit down baby let's go let's
fucking go give me up make it right now
I need to medal
hey that was close okay we've met kitted
up we've got the wagon okay
now we don't need to bend kiddo we need
to bandage up Oh
guys what a flippin star oh my god I got
it didn't know I was there he just ran
straight past me this is my paradise
parlance is so much fun to play there's
just so much action when the bow bus
passes over it
wait what's that then I see that gold
why it's a semi-auto sniper I'll take it
but probably not the best gold weapon is
it just under the chest oh I know the
gold weapon which again isn't very good
not a chance you know what guys portal
is I think we've literally cleared
everybody right there in Paradise Palms
but the question is where should we go
now I'm thinking to take a little trip
into retail run hide under hide under
the stairs okay I'm gonna get one shot
on this guy what the four-night just
happened you know what I'm not gonna
explain let's get a replay on that oh
geez I understand okay I'm gonna get one
shot on this guy but honestly guys I
know I rage a fortnight quite a lot but
in that game I think it was completely
justified I had a clear shot good shot
him then the next thing I know buddy
tyre I know anyway at this point it
wasn't looking like it was gonna be my
day it was looking like you know I was
kind of lucky I was getting like it just
wasn't feeling like it was gonna happen
but at this point it all started to
slowly turn around
the vision of a victory Royale fell
closer and closer now the next game was
game number 46 and this game was so
intense walls you won't believe what
happened in this game so there's only
one thing left to do roll the game
guys so I just learned Paradise Palms
literally only eighteen people laughed
but all that happened was the same as
the first game I just looted everything
I've got a blue pump a green AR hunting
rifle and loads of shield and I've just
spotted my first victim okay two people
fighting you know how is guys your boy
is the king of sneak attacking so these
guys better watch out I'm on the move
there he goes
there we go come on let's go home
you know what why play like an actual
sport I play up and you can just get
attacked on them just take everyone's
loop okay we've got our guys we're
looking good within the circle nine
people live I think this is it boys and
girls I think this is the game where I
get my first win yo there's somebody
right over there I've got hunting rifle
can I hit this shot I don't know if I'm
that good no oh come on
my gosh I didn't manage to get one here
good work MOX
you're a great for night player oh no oh
no they got raucous rock is inbound 1960
what oh my gosh
yo that was a great shot I've got to
push right no I've got to push no all
damage come on I've got to push I got
this I got this I got this oh my gosh we
got it okay we got it we got it we got
it I got 70 on her and she didn't die
she must've in your book you know the
only one who was healing right now I
don't know how I managed to almost mess
that up but I did okay for the people
remaining I now have a 20% chance to win
this game no my masters on point right
now yo somebody's over there RPGs or
hunting rifle okay y'all screw hunting
rifle RPGs
I'm pushing I've got to push I've got to
push
fine come on even ah yo this guy is just
building around me then we go with that
we don't know messing about no messing
about this is getting way too close bro
this is getting way too close to kill
where I only narrowly got out alive I
need to pop this med kit I am sweating
boys and girl this is intense oh my
goodness and that means there's now only
two other people remaining okay the
storm is over that big structure I'm
just gonna push it yo you know what
screw pushing it I'm gonna try knock it
down change of plan guys whoa okay no
this guy's mind stop building and take
your punishment like a man ah
yeah I've got you buddy I've got you oh
we hit me good wait what
where does that coming from man okay
there we go we doing some 1v1 it's a 1v1
it is a 1v1 oh my goodness I've got
loads of material too many to flippin
carry where was that guy I have no clue
where those shots were coming from
it's a 1v1 boys and girls oh my gosh
he's there it wasn't even the direction
I thought he was okay she'll not baby
shield up I've got 50 shield 86 hell I
think I've got this guy oh my gosh I
shot my own structure and the storms
coming in oh jesus the storms coming in
no no no no no no no no no no no come
buildable no no no come on
oh all the things to kill me full damage
oh my gosh I thought you was the other
direction I didn't think he was that
side Oh
bye is officially the closest we have
got to a victory royale yeah but we
didn't get there in the end
2nd place boys and girls second place so
close
yes so far I didn't even get killed by a
bullet I got killed by full damage
probably the worst way to go out in a
1v1 my spirits was down the passion was
going I was obsessed 50,000 on my head
is disrespect Oh what sorry we're not
we're not singing are we I went into a
bunch more games I wasn't having much
luck it wasn't going my way then in game
number 69
yes I'm not joking game number 69 this
happen
Oh straight away guys blue AR here we go
again let's see if this can be the game
where we get a victory
well okay my best start we've lost all
our buddy al forno's let me pop this
shield oh my gosh guy okay here we go
back on the hunt nice little purple ball
Joe two people fighting the classic most
eager type the classic boat sneak attack
Oh baby that guy's like no hell Wow we
killed six Dateline
looks like someone else had the same
idea of me they came to sneak up on the
two before the fight and so did I so
then I go ahead who is doing the same
thing Disney crazy stalker I need I need
a breather whoo here we go first chest
and we've got some minis Oh
there we go bro is too early to be
riding off in a golf car I need to make
sure you've cleared all the enemies
first bro yo guys I don't want to jinx
it but I'm feeling good in this game the
storm is very far away but I just want
to make sure I've killed everybody
that's here before I go for it okay here
we go guys it's time the guys happen to
me
I think I wanna hear I did not get wine
i'm allen periman sighs oh my gosh
I'm in trouble deep trouble guys
oh no once once we doctors say ain't
damaged well I'm not trying to make
excuses i bottled it big time man but
they ain't done it was about far away
from him what this game is an outrage
sir what do you guys think about my game
for kills I was on a roll and then it
came down to 1v1 situation I hit him
with what I thought was a deadly shot
gun shot and got eight blooming damage
eight Hubbard's a shot goner
the deadliest short-range weapon
probably in the world tour from an RPG 8
damage 8 at this point the victory
Royale just seemed like a dream it
didn't seem like it was gonna happen
I had 31 more games left to get a
victory Royale time was running ow I
jumped into game after game after game
death after death after death
paradise problems after Farrah died
stars of the Paradise Palms my fingers
were aching and then on the 89th game
what happened I couldn't believe
young guys as you can see we're just
leaving Paradise Palms right now and of
course one of the golf carts we've got
blue pomp a blue er a semi-auto sniper
and some bandages I just learned how to
drift and it's a lot of fun except for
when you go crashing into the side like
I just did that anyway now that we've
got all the loop we could possibly need
it's time to go on the hood ball my
first victim who just so happens to be
flying down over my head
oh I got my 66 on him
what now where is this guy going all mad
this guy's building good okay there we
go oh my goodness that guy had a hell of
a lot of help I hit him with like four
different pork chops
probably a good start guys top 25 got
loads aloo we got a grenade launcher and
of course we've got a golf cart baby
what else could you possibly want it
right and when you thought it couldn't
get any better
Supply Drop bought gold minigun probably
isn't what I wanted probably that the
last thing I wanted oh we got a big
shield never come back no no okay we
Jesus yo I see you buddy
that big shield it's over it's over
Brutus over the power of the grenade
launcher ladies and gentlemen purple
scarf but big shield sliding down the
mountain
all those got me flippin kill I didn't
even get to drink in the end oh no yo
this is an intense game bro where's this
guy I'm drinking the big shield anyway I
don't care where he's out did you not
see what I just did to the last guy that
tried to step to me yes what I thought
run away oh so that's where you are
buddy
oh you just made a bad mistake knocking
down that train because the grenades are
coming out yo a grenade launcher is oh I
know the grenade wants to kill baby this
is too easy
no you look like you have nowhere oh you
know what this isn't running guys this
isn't running this is strategically
evacuating yeah you heard I hear first
oh no yo I have no clue where this guy
went but here spill a lot you may have
got away this time but I'm coming for
you oh yeah hey sir
oh come on Morgan how did you miss us so
bad oh my god why do I even try and
start I am literally the worst diaper in
the world I'm getting shot by two
different people this is sick okay in
the storm I'm gonna make a little
fortress I should've talked you out a
long time ago I should have told you
about a long time ago I let you live but
not anymore yo this guy's literally just
hiding he's not even peeking his head
out he's just going for a snipe like hey
look at him he just I'm not mind even
now he's just he's just now I think you
know what guys you only live once you
live ones baby let's go
you know what it's true you do only live
once for it's probably not a wise idea
to build structures up in the air
without any defense another defy ball
damage another death in the top five by
full damage more games all hope seemed
like it was lost if I couldn't get a win
in 91 games how could I in 9 more at
this point my board was boiling pressure
was high every game felt like it was an
eternity game 92 was a deaf game 93 was
a death game 94 I came 20th but got
another deaf game 95 was close so I got
sniped across them up and it was another
death game 96 was a kill as soon as I
landed game 97 I didn't even manage to
get a weapon before I got shotgunned
game 98 was a death game 99 was a deaf
my aim at the start of the video was to
drop into paradise pawns 100 times and
get a victory royale I had one game left
one final chance at redemption after
look had gone against me the entire day
wagga death all damage all of that I now
had one more chance to get a victory
royale and Allah you guys take a look at
what happened and if you're still
watching don't click away because you
will not want to miss this and guys
without further ado the final countdown
has begun we
on the 100 game and we are yet to have a
victory royale i just looted the entire
of Paradise Palms I've got some dope
stuff as you can see including a gold
bulbs but we are yet to find our first
enemy and possibly our last this is so
tense guys everything comes down to this
everything everything okay we're getting
shot here we go here we go here we go I
am so nervous right now you do not
understand I'm so nervous
literally all I wanted was one victory
royale and this might be our last chance
I'm throwing the port fort down baby I'm
getting serious I know the guy is in
this building
opposite me I'm gonna rush him I've got
nothing to lose at this point I just got
a gofer
you have got to be joking me guys
throughout these hundred games
everything has just felt like it was
against me the lag the full damage
deaths and now that I was literally ten
hell off of dying jutsu like yo where
the hell is this guy he's over there
he doesn't see me
come on it's not a serious new I can't
lose this guy no why why huh what the
hell was I doing
did you guys see that like I was aiming
open to the well area was that guy like
into you know what guys I can't deal
with this I'm driving away
I am so flipping sweaty right now don't
want to hear about guys is two people
fired over here you know what that means
it's time for another mob sneak attack
he's right there
should I go for him or should I wait for
him to kill the other guy oh no I don't
think he knew where it came from
yo I just need to chill up yo there we
go
that's one down that's one down and you
know that means more sneak-attack tires
oh here we go here we go here we go here
we go here we go although he saw me
coming
I need to chill in the hair what do I
say sir how many people are here where
the hell are these guys eyes
there we go that's one down I think this
- I think this - no time for celebrating
yeah two kills guys we've got so many
materials and I can't believe I'm saying
this for only eight of the people left
again I don't want to jinx it guys but
this is literally my last chance to get
a win yo yo yo oh man he saw me he saw
me here we go here we go here we go
come on buddy weather oh so that you are
huh come on no that was just some
classic scar spam that guy did not know
what hit him
only for the people left and there's
still one guy up there on that mountain
I think I'm gonna have to try and snipe
him down well he's annoying me I can't
even begin to describe to you guys no
don't you dare no the water snipe I
actually hear across the map and it just
wasn't enough to finish him off oh my
god fortnight give me a break
I cannot even begin to explain to you
guys how dare this I am right now I wish
I could show you how much I am shaking
and how much I'm sweating right now it's
literally all come down to this poor
people left
oh come on boys you've got this okay
scouting the area
oh so there's people fighting down there
I've made myself a high tower in the
circle at the highest point of the map
so looks like I'm just gonna sit back
and see if I can get a hit on some of
them the storms coming in I see you
buddy
where'd he go where did that guy just go
basedgod RPG okay
what what watch is that burns why is
this game against me I've got to do it
I've got no choice now I've got to push
and this guy is too
come on one here is all I needs what you
point okay this guy's got the RPG this
guy's got an RPG I need to be careful
okay that we do oh my gosh he was so
weak and now I'm so weak that rocket
launcher shot completely destroyed me
two people left on the final game this
could not be more tense and I've never
been more nervous and there's still one
down there and that's it it's me and
here is the 1v1 it's a flip in 1v1 come
on baby
where you at boy where are you at
that's this stuff by the number one he
died in the storm was flipping Oh guys
it's felt like everything has been going
against me throughout these 100 games
libel damage it just hasn't been my day
and then fire the end after being logged
off of my structures lagging all around
the final kill went in my favor and I
got this storm kill dies the first time
that's ever happened oh my goodness guys
coming down boy if that's ever happened
to you before because that has never
once happened to me if you guys a new
make sure you go down there smash that
subscribe button and comment down below
that you subscribed and I'll be replying
to some of your comments with some be
books codes also don't forget if you
haven't already got my new bold
signature hoodie they are almost out of
stock you guys are selling them out so
if you want more be quick because as you
know tea balls sells everything out link
in the description or just go to
www.mobileaustinnotary.com
