I can take a good generals leaving come
on guys and today we're going to be
making a dream to go smoothly so in
response I have want you free for a few
moments later well ain't cook the bean
boozled if you don't all bean boozled
dog I not see a jelly bean for example
for dog food rotten eggs to hell jelly
bean and if you thinking how much can a
jelly bean be oh that was me eating one
jelly bean and today we're going to be
blending together probably like a
thousand of them and then one day
splendid enjoy being beautiful drink
we're going to try it I'm going to drink
as much as I can and it's not going to
recovery time sitting well I'm not
trying it $20 in life my mom will try
the drink
she's rpg's the hearty guys much alike
right now and well I'm gonna force you
to China guys please please go is
clearly like now obviously since we're
going to be making a drink today we've
got to be prepared for the occasion
that's why I bought myself a bit of
protection as I go home I thought you'd
bought that the present for me good I'm
not it cook cake so guys over here we
have the blender this blender has been
through a lot today we're going to put
it through more suffering because I'm
gonna chocolatey jelly beans in it and
make the world's most disgusting drink
ever
probably obviously you got to think of
the positive that the one positive is in
those jelly bean containers you get bad
ones and good one so at least there'll
be a few nice flavors in here
well I've got a good feeling the taste
of dog food is going to be a lot
stronger than like lemon for example
Morgan can I just say you do the right
and don't you look like suit shoes my
cupcakes are kind of in the wrong place
can I can I have that please up speed
finish with it now that is not long
until I release honey for my clothing
shop I'm glad the tea show right now I
don't have the hoodie on don't we link
in the description to my holy if you
want to pick one up and if you do tweet
the picture of me well guys let's get
started okay before we start I think you
know we got to try one because you know
like why the hell not this is work how
do these two actually work we're just
screw it on feel like if I screw the lid
off that's going to save us a lot of
times we're seconds later a mushroom oh
I see oh crap oh crap okay okay oh my
god what a hell oh no the hole opened up
oh she sure can do that might be oh well
that little Colleen smells absolutely
horrible and we got in oh my god okay
guys I'm going to start with the first
jelly bean here this one I believe is
like toothpaste to think or it could be
good bond we'll just try right now
oh is two-faced I hate to face
I like that was not nice not nice
toothpaste I got off to poof like dried
come on up hi there oh why am I taking
the camera you mayor no you said I
wasn't gonna be on the camera and now
it's your turn you have to lift it all
and then put it back down not abandoning
in there that smells absolutely horrible
you cannot smell enough about that one's
that green one okay the green one three
two one what we're saying yes nice one
oh come on oh no girls discreet Oh a
dream table I'm going to do the green
now it's my turn yeah yeah another nice
one baby
that's what I like to see
re-what keep taking the camera okay the
problem is a good one okay there you go
mom you can't smell ma'am but jellybeans
they don't smell anything
she's on it what we're saying I report
back I know it is it can dog food yeah
ha ha ha okay dr. Lee okay guys we're
gonna get started now on the drink we've
had a spawn oh yeah this is gonna qualen
process obviously having to dip them in
okay there we go
all done first one moving onto a second
one
oh my apparently oh oh I said you know
what mom I'm gonna what you do this next
one doing whoa the jelly beans
everywhere I'm what the hell you doing
oh my god dog hey oh my god oh god get
it they're horrible and no long goes
into the blender Oh harshly you never
one more try this one this one you know
this one can be peach it can be teach so
you know I know you like peach
what are you saying yeah what is it
don't know I don't have a taste book one
moves on to the final one and guys there
we go look at the thickness of that
there's got to be there's got to be at
least a thousand in there being
discussed in jelly beans and now more
since you dropped them alarm it'll leave
you to click them all up there's one
down there by my feet more maybe could
pick that one up from there oh you don't
worry about Sally you've got it ready
right here we've got the jelly beans in
there and now obviously what we're gonna
do is add some water dressing I'll be
honest I think they'll be enough I
started me in a foursome and now what
we're going to do is put that on top of
there and then put the lid on which we
don't have a cup for so no because
somebody blended in okay so I'm going to
put the lid on top of the blender I'm
going to hold that over
are you ready okay ready guys I'm free
too
No okay God you ready for smell test
oh my god oh my dog you have to try that
Melva literally smell that I'm not even
kidding you
Oh Oh No
which reminds me of the Arab world
stories doing all over again this is
horrible so I guess now we move on to
the fun part which is childish I could
smoke jananam about you to go away
Oh Lord ooh okay your other show I was
doing Maltin I don't think a computer I
wouldn't it's awful oh don't do it
yes I am so like sewage oh yeah over
those three
I'm doing it just like spit I'm Logan
I don't know joy oh hi ollie
I drank a good growler I couldn't even
come over it for gaga a toaster what are
you doing Morton behave what bloody
remark oh my god I can take blood I'm
generally bleeding
I don't know it tastes disgusting that
take my model Ken marketing well things
now it's your turn they all look alike
no I'm not doing it mother-in-law what's
the like well they all look alike
oh it's okay there was two like you
caught my we're honest what not jump off
the bridge if somebody tells me to mom
hold your nose and I'll count me down I
could worry two one ha ha ha doing it
all again to do in their respective
respects pokes moves won't make doesn't
paint the trails 3 2 1 I'm leaving I'm
gonna go leave me now well guys in
conclusion do not try this that was
probably the worst challenge ever my
mouth genuinely hurt and I don't know
obviously the most foul and just
disgusting taken thing I've ever but
what do you think absolutely awful don't
do it don't do it don't do it
shot 8 cans of bean boozled or what yeah
don't give it away to friends as present
yeah it's a trend each airline does know
the less I hope you enjoyed the video if
you enjoyed remember to leave a like on
this video we literally drag this though
I advise a Whipple like I don't know
what is guys also subscribe to my
channel if you are new and check out my
merchandise there'll be a link down
there in the description we just really
saw these really t-shirts like this one
a bit before done so yeah go down below
check them out also leave a like and
subscribe and guys thank you all so much
for watching and as always I've involved
you guys been awesome and I'll see you
in my next video peace out if you
enjoyed the video then remember to
subscribe to Molly's channel and don't
forget to leave a like if you have a big
penis
hahaha thanks for watching this a salute
