after months and months of work guys it
is finally ready behind me is the room
that I have been hyping opal absolutely
ages you guys have been leaving comment
after comment asking me more Gwen's at
all when you're gonna show us the room
that you've been hyping up ladies and
gentlemen you don't have to wait any
longer because guys it's time so without
further ado let's do this
Morgan I forgetting something oh yeah
how could I forget breathe
I know it is here my ultimate gaming
setup slash moon told guys it is here
and I'm gonna give you guys a full tour
of the room but just before that our not
a little better chat with you guys now a
few things to bear in mind just before
getting to this room is that as you can
probably tell this isn't the biggest
room this room is tiny compared to my
room of my mum no obviously when me and
my dad were working on this we didn't
have too much space to like you so we
had to try everything in so it was a
little bit of a challenge and also
another big point is that this room is
not done there's still quite a few
things need working on touching or
slightly more boring stuff just like
pictures and so I could not keep you
guys waiting any longer like I have to
show you this because it's like 95% done
now guys if you could leave a like on
this video that I'd be absolutely
amazing dad mate Holly why should they
smash both photos
Oh tell us what that's the highest light
gold we've asked for in a while guys for
the room for finally being here smash me
35,000 lines
hey guys without further ado at least
time we begin the toll let's do this so
we've this room I'd say this free pass
as the bed area who's the TV area and
and as the settle now the setup is
probably the best part so that's where
we're gonna start on treating you guys
now with every setup there's one item
that you must have and that's the chair
obviously my boys over GJ Omega picked
me up with a chair this is the Evo excel
in all black with red stitching like
seriously just just admire that just
admire that now there'll be a link in
the description to GJ Omega and if you
want to get one use my discount code
which is more because you'll get
discount well that's right if the chair
I highly recommend these they're so damn
Punk I've been using GJ Omega literally
all alive and they are amazing but now
oh where do we start where do we start
why'd you tell I went with a dual
monitor setup I was debating whether to
go with a triple but the death isn't
that big I just didn't really need free
monitors to be honest talking about
monitors these ones are actually just
Dell monitors I'm not sure if you can
tell but to be honest I didn't rate Dell
at all where these monitors are really
nice as you can see they really thin
they're really sleek and the bottoms are
actually touched so it's really good now
we're going to start with the left
monitor and this is connected all to my
xbox one s which is down here at the
back it was kind of hard fitting this in
and as you can tell it's a little bit
close to the speaker but there wasn't
really anywhere else I could put it but
I don't think it really looks too bad is
why certain matches the desk so I think
it's okay let me turn it on now I'm not
the biggest game in the world but I do
enjoy a nice game of Monopoly I'm not
gonna lies probably my favorite game at
the moment anyway the Xbox 1s is really
really good I would recommend it as a
thumbs up and it does its job in the
setup now these are my Bose speakers are
nicely 100% sure what speakers these are
in terms the actual model but I've got
one on each side they're connected up to
my PC which we'll move on to in just a
moment and they are cable management
gonna share the cables in more detail
towards the end now before we move on to
the PC I want to show you guys the
keyboard and the mouse this is a Corsair
keyboard I put it out to a full model
name of what this is on the screen right
now because I've completely forgot to be
honest but this is really really nice
I'll show you how it lights up in a
minute it is really really nice sounding
if I be quiet mechanical it sounds good
and then I do the same thing with the
mouse but yeah this is a Corsair Mouse
thank you to my boys Corsair they hooked
me up again well yeah cause first of all
would recommend it really really good
quality and really good for gaming but
now I think it's time we move on to the
Beast of the set-top literally get ready
for this okay dad turn it on for me come
over and turn on me let them witness
this oh boy this has got to be one of
the best-looking pcs I think I've ever
seen I'm a big fan of the k2 because my
favorite color is blue on the inside
obviously so the PC was sent out to me
by Dino PC my boys are Dino PC in this
PC is really really good for gaming and
editing which is obviously what I needed
it for so Dino PC actually built me the
you see custom so issue shout out to all
them and also if you shout out to
gigabyte for supply one of our or our
motherboards for us
Oris or or o sourcing of Horus Horus I'm
you're never been good at pronouncing
things now this PC is literally got like
top-notch specs this is one beast of a
PC I'll put the full specs on the screen
right now so you can feast your eyes on
them but it's got an i7 processor 16
gigabyte ddr4 round literally this PC is
just mad I've kind of always use Mike I
do really enjoy PC and that PC is an
absolute beast now has got one more
thing to tell you guys valide is a
giveaway boys giveaway morgs is but
probably biggest if I ever only stand up
to add dramatic effect
now guys I'm not giving away a voucher
I'm not giving away a gift card guys I'm
giving away with Dino PC a freaking P
see I'm giving away a PC to one of you
guys now the PC is worth five hundred
pounds guys and I'm giving away with
Dino PC now there'll be a link in the
description where you can enter this
giveaway I'll put it really high up in
the description so literally just check
the description right now and be sure to
enter the giveaway guys be sure 500
pounds it's a big one guys don't miss it
guys guys about everything for the setup
I just want to quickly show you guys to
cable management as you can see down
here all the cables are actually stuck
there they're completely out of sight
except for a few down there and then
there's a Phillips huge triple bag so
you've got all this space by your feet
you can literally look at this look at
this let me put my feet down there look
at this look at that now the cable
management round the back it's pretty
good it's not as good as the bottom but
it does the job I mean it's easy much
better than the camp management at my
mom's I've also got two Phillips you
light shining light there and there to
go with the one that's obviously
and the lights just completely top off
this setup like I just love it and then
obviously you've got your picture up
there just kind of kind of being a
picture just being a pictures in there
it's Fergus very Vegas baby
that is about it for the settle guys
tell me what you think for me is doing
this job it's doing really really good
and I love it over here is my softbox
light that's just there for when I
record that wire annoys the hell out of
me but you know it's let it be it's just
one wire guys let me off you're some
free space down there and now I think
it's time we move on to the bed I mean
it's literally just a bed but there's a
little bit of stuff to say about it one
thing though I am getting a mirror on
there because a mirror would just fit
perfectly know this bed is a double bed
I mean there's not too much you can say
about a bed but these lies behind here
do look really really cool though I
thought that was a perfect place to put
them obviously shining rounds from
behind the bed and they look really
really nice now for jump onto the bed
over here we have a unique bedside table
we didn't really have any space for
bedside table and didn't want one
hanging out so what we did is we got
these little square things and hung them
to the wall and to be honest they're
actually really cool as you can say got
a TV remote in there I've gotta speak up
there and yeah I actually think they're
actually quite cool down here we have
some cables I got my iPhone charger and
my laptop charger and speaking about my
laptop wapow there it is I'm sorry but
you know I just I love my boys there's
literally like you can never you can
never get me off mic looks like a mean
wolf they're just better they're too
good and I know this PC guys hating on
me right now but I don't care show up or
some love man these nut books are just
great however the ports are very
annoying and I will admit it Apple
MacBook this is the new one I take this
with me everywhere I go I just really
like it sleek it's nice looking it
performs pretty well so like I can
literally pick this thing up oh okay I
can pick it up with like three fingers
yeah there we go
touch bars a little bit a gimmick but I
guess it's quite cool and yeah I rate it
good luck top get back under there I
know one can see I think it's time we
move on to the TV area do you think it's
time yes it is time isn't it also moving
on from the bed area over here this is
the
Pease the PC unit this is the TV unit
now first thing first 55-inch freaking
is it Sony Samsung Samsung I mean I I
said that I said that I said that this
is a 55 inch curved 4k TV it's been it's
sexy it's just it's just it's good it's
just nice connect it up to this down
here I have an Xbox 360 for some reason
I haven't played it in about 17 years
got a ps4 Pro and I've got a skybox now
guys I'm not gonna lie I have been
playing ps4 over Xbox to be honest at
the moment I am enjoying ps4 playstation
sent me all this ps4 pro so wanted to
get to use it honestly it's really
really good obviously when you play it
on this bad boy of a TV like it's a
really cool experience now as you can
probably tell behind it we do have some
lights it's actually hard to show these
because they're actually stuck to the
back of the TV now if you look at this
absolute monstrosity now these used to
light up they used to light up in colors
lighting up these little boxes but they
are that bad but we've actually had them
for about a month and they've just died
so that's disappointing
well guys these were good at one point
notice the Sheffield Wednesday sign ball
this is my dad's it's been like a few
seasons ago but yeah it's got some
signatures on there so I thought put it
in there because I needed stuff to fill
it and these things are terrible so
we're still on the hunt for things to
put in here guys we're working on it
above it I have my headphones which I
like to take with me everywhere these
are both now I used to use beats and
then I switched a Bose and honestly is
so much better guys like if you use
beats make the switch dose is incredible
got my ps4 controller got my xbox
controller then I've got an iPad which I
just never use anymore because I've got
an iPhone and like I just don't really
see the point in them when you've got
like a phone that's just me I know a lot
of people like iPads go this way okay
and then in these jaws you got some
cables you got some wires you got
controllers you just got a bunch of game
stuff like that nothing really too
interesting but if you care
yeah guys it's really really really not
the interest in the frog in here for
some reason why is this in here
catch your frog and now it's time to
move on to the biggest attraction of
this room do the honors the Baron with a
yogurt wrapper stuck to the top guys
quick 360 of the room Bam Bam Bam double
double oh ho well what no it's over
I think it's thank you so as you're
looking for yeah okay okay I'm joking
come back I need your film that does to
guys that Michael does it was a proper
lunch like a slob slob da I got excited
why I am gonna end the video if you've
enjoyed remember to leave a like
obviously the zoom isn't 100% done
there's still a few pictures you only
get hung up in just a few small things
and neat changes but you wanna give a
shout-out to Dino PCD cosa PlayStation
all helping with that part of this room
and making all the reality and I also
want to give a shout-out to my dog yeah
shout with her and he did a feed it a
few things
yeah while I was here working on
everything you were you were high in
your picture and put desks together and
you knew it and nobody ever did
oh yeah guys huge shout out to dad on
the cam about Pitt and now guys tell
anything in the room don't in the
conversation what you think I mean to
say we're dealing with a tiny little
room with a random pillow thing and like
weird shape I think we did a pretty good
job - fit a double bed huge TV and mud
set up all lighted all cable managed and
guys I think we nailed it now feel free
to help me I'll say anything that you
think could be improved in the
conversation obviously I'm not claiming
to be like a god at this stuff like I'm
not like amazing
so any help feel free to help me out
guys it'll be appreciated and also feel
free to share this video to all your
friends share it round and also leave a
like on this video guys I'll be very
much appreciated pay five thousand likes
is the goal so I'm gonna need to go
smash your big bundle also subscribe if
you are new on the road to 2 million
we're so cool wanting so close but we
get in close we're getting close so yeah
if you could subscribe that'd be good
and finally enter the 500 pound PC
giveaway which is going on right now the
link is down by in the description don't
forget to enter that because it's a
glitch it's a big one you don't want to
miss it but I think those of our guys so
as always I've been more you guys been
awesome and I'll see you in my next
video
peace out
