hello guys and welcome back to another
video and today it's a little bit more
serious war as much as I enjoy thrashing
on my house and doing crazy challenges
it's nicely to sit down another little
bit more serious video now you may see
not long ago I made a video talking
about my weight loss story and if you
haven't seen it this is me like two
years ago and this is me now now I'm not
sure if you remember but in that video I
actually said do you guys want me to
make another video talking about how I
think YouTube actually saved my life
loads of you said yes but I just never
got around to making the videos so we're
here today and I'm finally going to be
making it now this video is obviously
going to link in with the weight loss
situation so if you haven't already seen
that one I suggest you watch that first
there'll be a link in the description
then come back and watch this video but
yeah guys you're going to be more of a
chilled video obviously talking about my
serious topic this is a really
interesting video though so I suggest
you watch it all now if you could leave
a like on this video guys that'd be
absolutely amazing I'm not going to
serum beg for like honestly a library
would honestly mean a lot to me and if
this is the first time that you've seen
me on your screen remember to go down
there and subscribe that would really
help me out we're getting closing closes
at 2 million which is crazy and if you
could subscribe that I'd be amazing oh
man
what a spot let me take you by - about
this time two years ago when I was
really really fat I just thought obese
is probably the more correct term but
yeah now poor fish on the screen of why
I look like at this time it was 2015
towards the start of the year and this
was really the lowest point of my life
like the lowest of the low in my life I
was completely obese for my age I was
just completely well above what you
should be I just could not control my
eating every day I was getting worse and
worse and worse I would do a decent
amount of exercise but every day after
that I just go home and stuff my face
would takeaways and horrible foods not
only was my diet and my eating habits
and my physical body absolutely shocking
but I was actually in a really bad
mental state obviously a lot of this
cause because of my weight but I love it
because of school too and there are many
friends back then and I was having a
tough time at school and all of that
stuff added up just made me I was really
unhappy I was really unhappy and I know
it's my right to throw the term around
but I would say I was pretty depressed
at this time now I had tried it not on
days well before that
well the
all this time I'd gone on quite a few I
just I just I just couldn't do it after
a week I just crumble and I'd go back to
my old habits and end up like losing a
pound and then not be able to continue
but early 2015 was when I decided to
make a change
now I'm not going to go into the full
details about what I did because that's
basically all the video but I completely
change around my diet I got a gym
membership I started doing much my
exercise and that was I'd say half of
the reason I lost all the way the other
half in my opinion was YouTube and
that's going to sound a little bit weird
but hear me out now YouTube has always
been a passion of mine I've been doing
it for the past four years obviously not
to the stage I am right now four years
ago but when the side look completely
different and there wasn't many youtube
was I was watching I was creating videos
back then but obviously had another
camera and I was you know too young to
really understand it all so I didn't
really do much I've tried some Lego
stop-motion still didn't really do much
of myself back then but I just did a lot
of some kind of unboxings I would deal
cry bear and I put a lot of effort into
YouTube I really did in 2014 I did tell
you to pretty seriously I would put a
lot of effort into it I mean I wouldn't
upload I'd that much but I do like gonna
upload every week and I've reacted to a
lot of these videos because they're
still actually on my channel but they're
obviously privative and to be honest
like I went really getting anywhere was
kind of a lot to do with my personality
but a lot of how a lot add a lot of
problems was speaking and I just had
absolutely no confidence like I was a
shell like I had absolutely no self
confidence in myself so when I did
videos it was just like terrible I
couldn't do it I just I didn't I didn't
have any confidence I didn't believe in
myself I had no self respect like the
way I looked and you are not bad about
that and there was just nothing going
for me I just got fed up I just got fed
up and I couldn't take it anymore
I couldn't take I couldn't take being
that sighs I wanted to finally respect
myself and finally feel confident and I
wanted to finally be able to find that
confidence in myself to pursue my dream
of YouTube because I knew that if I
didn't turn everything around I may not
have even been here in like a few years
and I may not even be there right now
honestly it's scary to think of how
would have been right now if I hadn't
have changed like honestly I was really
out of control and when people tried to
help I wouldn't have any of it I
realized it would be a lot harder to
keep doing YouTube if I was that size
obviously I mean everything was hard
about then you know everything's harder
when you when you're bigger and I knew
that if I wanted to do YouTube
I would have to make changes and I knew
that I'd have to dig down deep and find
that confidence in myself the one in
this YouTube ad no confidence just
myself in general I just wasn't happy
with myself now obviously I don't have a
clue what I look like right now and if
I'd be here if I'd have kept going but
like how I was time for me to try and
picture what I look like because it's
honestly horrible and I don't even know
if I'd have been here like my health was
just out of control and obviously a lot
of the reason why I decided to change
was just because I was sick of always
being the fat kid what a lot of it was
also just because I wanted to follow my
dreams and I knew that and I knew that
if I could find that self-confidence in
that self belief may be so much easier
to pursue YouTube now if you're happy
with yourself it doesn't matter what
size you are I'm not trying to power
this message that you have to be kind of
skinny to be happy with yourself that's
exactly that's the exact opposite of one
job well if you have you with yourself
then it does not matter what other
people think of you all you need is
self-confidence and all you need is self
belief the problem was with me I
couldn't find our self confidence and I
couldn't find that self belief so I
decided to make a change so if you're
happy with yourself a nice all that
matters I complain a lot about YouTube
because the site as an actual site isn't
perfect a lot of areas are not a false
upper with the site and it's far from
birthday but if I take a step back and
look at what this site has given me and
how it helped me to become me it's
absolutely amazing and I'd be nothing
without YouTube I like I've so much fun
doing youtube I eat sleep and breathe
YouTube this is all I do I work my days
around YouTube but it's amazing that I
can live my dream and be happy while
doing so and have an amazing group of
supporters like all you guys supporting
me and always coming back to watch my
videos it honestly means the world to me
if you're passionate about something you
don't let anything stop you and I just
say mindset when I was losing weight and
obviously doing YouTube because this is
all I've ever wanted to do in a fight I
can do it now and be successful I guess
while doing so honestly it's the best
feeling it really really is amazing I
always try to encourage you guys to
follow your dreams if there's something
you want to do don't let anyone tell you
you can't do it give it your all give
you absolute everything and don't let
anyone tell you you can't do it I feel
like some sort of motivational speaker
but I really really do hope this is
helping some of you guys because the way
I think of it if one person just one
person out there watch this video and
feels inspired to go out and make a
change in their life
follow the dreams and that's my job
don't bow guys I think that is about it
as I said and as I always say I really
really do appreciate you guys all the
support overwhelming it means the
absolute world to me and I'm not just
saying that without you guys I don't
know why be without YouTube I don't know
what I'd be I don't know if I'd even be
identified even be here but it's hard to
think about my life and if I'd have
carried on with the way I was going
about making a change but the good thing
is I've made a change and I'm happy I
really am happy thank you guys so much
for all the support it means the
absolute world to me
but eyes where I'm going to wrap up this
video guys be sure to leave a like and
subscribe if you've enjoyed if you need
any help or want to ask any questions
and leave a comment down below on this
video I'll try and reply to as many as I
can
but guys thank you all so much for all
the continuous support and as always
I've been more you guys been awesome and
I'll see you in my next video peace out
