welcome back to food real food you may
have already seen these Charlie wake up
and I'll explain its kind of in their
name but we get it only food we get a
real food one of those gets to go be
food one of us get the real food simple
is about what there's a twist
you'd be surprised at the amount
disgusting things they're gumming some
of the real food may not be very nice
the question is who's gonna get the
gooey foods and who's gonna get the real
food really bad feeling about me not
obviously I know all the food options we
have today but one gets to pick which
one of the two she wants so I could end
up with some bad food I've chosen myself
the challenge for you guys if you're
more challenges with me and my beautiful
this video forty two thousand forty two
thousand one if it's like a Mother's Day
meal for me i think thats just mom's way
of telling me this Mother's Day soup so
guys remember to subscribe to my channel
if this is the first time that you see
me on your screen also turn on my
channel notifications down below by
clicking the little bells that way you
can be early to my videos so you never
gonna miss one good idea she knows oh
yeah mom are you ready to get started
no do you want to change or jus want to
stick with yours
I'll stick with mine no no I'm ready to
reveal what it is three two one oh we're
so good one gummy cherries mrs. real
yeah you have given me that one disaster
bathroom oh yeah I was allowed to smoke
less folder yeah okay reveal your dish
in juice is it bad for you roller right
no it's actually good food I don't know
woman I'm gonna get started with the egg
just so good they drink those gotta be
drink the drink you chose that one I
gave you the gummy egg and you sloth
oh yeah just and I did not want that
believe on my visa cost 20 pounds look
at the toppings on that gentleman going
have a look at yours mines amazed and
yours is a little bit across mmm so hard
you read your real pizza out of ten
Maximian nine a little bit disappointed
I mean it's not even now could even go
an actual dough
little bits of pisa like breaking the
top table again a few moments later the
cover we're moving on to the next one
this one is a terrible one this is a
terrible move you're not even prepared
for this one I'm gonna warn you now my
right here is disgusted mine is so vile
and I just do not we know you're trying
to treat now
you hope that believe we don't like me
to leave need to clean these look what
you give your real strawberries out of
ten nine of nine I'm gonna give eight
I'm gonna get mine I'm gonna get -7 I do
like let me show really what I do prefer
girl we change so much we know about to
move on to the last one and don't you
guys worry I have saved the worst you
are the collapse cook me well this one
is gonna make you think this one is
gonna really even joking mom and you
know what I'm gonna do a plot twist imma
change the game what I'm gonna do right
now is actually reveal the two choices
for the last one okay are you ready I
don't think she's ready guys the first
choice of this last round is a gummy
worm I threw the second option is a real
one and a real word are you ready no one
of us is gonna have to eat one of those
are you ready to make the choice of your
life let's do it okay then the choice of
your life one of these two has real worm
one of them as a gummy worm so the
question is do you want to stick with
Bob or swap I don't want any
I'm gonna swap you saw okay let's walk
okay here we go
you saw you saw do you want me to rub
this one don't ya no it's not back foot
back slow go yeah yeah well we rollin
okay we'll count me down then you stop
talking here so she's coming down
hundred ninety-nine ninety-eight I'm
gonna reveal to them first
shut your eyes show your eyes to a
healthy gluten-free - superfood there is
your teaspoon are you ready you gave me
the word and then took the back.you
cheers to take these babies
Wow
oh yeah my word to you is it to me yeah
you said I asked you it I did it I
didn't want to do it and I've done it so
now it's not upstairs
promise me you promise you're gonna do
it well guess what you spill okay that's
what I'm gonna work through this crossed
that is absolutely shocking
you seriously guys I hope you enjoyed
the video if you enjoyed it remember to
leave a like comment more Gottshall in
Dakota section below I haven't put
fingers crossed on evidence guys
remember to leave a like if you want
more challenges with times more believe
I remember to subscribe if you check out
Miller social media and as always Isaac
mold she's been the pistol boom you guys
have been awesome and me in the words
we'll see you in the next video peace
outlet on the corner I'm not doing it
dad
JK they know
