Oh No Oh No get in there hello welcome
back to my craziest DIY going video yet
today we're going to be making a giant
coca-cola bottle but when I say giant
guys I mean giant take a look at this
thing now this right here in a money bag
today what we're going to do it it's
filling it with coke and making a giant
gooey total of all day it's going to be
amazing so as you see down here we have
some balls of normal classic oh we also
have a massive pile of gelatine and from
Testim value 35 piccola we quickly ran
out of money going to walk to the
texture value store oh god we really go
straight into it what let's go
so mom how do I show the beautiful
members of team walls out there so much
on this video and I think if you're true
team old men but you're gonna smash
alike now
together we'll leave this to 9000 like
Bernard files alive I'm gonna go to the
big boss whatever mommy's ready first
bring yeah this one oh I give up
change class let's just watch this do
this but if you're going dude I know how
it goes by now you have to put the coke
in New York appointed gelatine you have
to leave it aged assess then you're
carving to this thing and then you have
your glory now since this is like four
five six closing like 10 times bigger
with a normal bottle of coke I'm using
we've had to download a surprise look at
all the gelatine literally we've got the
agility you got to go to two different
shops and clear out all their yellow
team Orson Tesco just a little now we
don't know the exact measurement
Poliquin supposed to put in mobile we're
going to give it our best shot without
the bubbles but we're gonna do
regardless we did for the factory we're
going to put it all in literally AZ
crazy in DIY telling for me ball a coke
you've ever seen go get'em on the center
spot no baby Greg waiting towards how
we're going to go about doing this DIY
Cola ball Oh God right
pressure pressure what did you do what
can boil foucault mr. Gela foodening
LayCool reactor then prepare the bottle
clean the bottle for the cocaine we've
got to put tape on the bottle 1,000
years later so guys this fossil
obviously once we've got a whole mixture
in this has to go in the fridge and as
you can see how are we going to do this
we're going to have to clear out
everything from the fridge I mean we've
got to eat everything
hey I'm down I want to I'm definitely
darling where's the chocolate was that
was the sweet why would y'all guess you
know I know yeah I know yeah in this
diary in there so loving it guys I have
no clue if we're going to be able to
pull this off this is more of like a DIY
we're going to give our best shine
reality I don't know what the hell is
doing here I'm just going to give it my
best job hopefully we can get this DIY
going hopefully we can make it good guys
wanna do is use leave a like to wish you
good luck though we can only complete
this go be challenged but yeah we're
gonna give our best job because your
best is all you can do
do I pull the ethanol we're just gonna
hope that we can pull this up so without
further ado mama let's get started
wishes look good look nice mama right so
we haven't got 250 pounds because we're
not very organized so we've got our
biggest obstacles out we're gonna have
to do loads guys there are loads of
different mixtures but you don't know
how to make this like gelatine cone
basically dividing some coke and then
you just add in a load of gelatin so
what we're going to do is going to try
and do this as quick as possible and do
a comparison over the baby ball the
medium bottle and then the big bottle
look at not nice crazy the only one coke
or like maybe maybe two cokes is going
to go into one these tubs that we've got
gonna be hard this one here Apollo on
down
moving on to clipboard number two let's
do this whoo whoo
mm oh yeah full-on vertical is dropping
a waterfall
come on old Street Melbourne they're a
bit fast drinking from the balls
oh no he'll do that nobody's gonna want
to have that when you had your mouth
round in three two one
there we go the first floor times on our
bill retail don't you see look at that I
know what we're going to do is load in
the jealousy mom are you ready yeah do
we eat before we put the gun right do it
what do we actually do Wesley he can put
in don't like knowing what it is a
tipster it'll be our eyes um there we go
that he is on and now we stir a weight
full of a gelatine to dissolve and me oh
no oh oh oh my goodness
Oh Oh what do we doing why do I like oh
I going girl oh well guys you know Z
fairly slowly otherwise you really
change yo why can't we get no more guys
basically we're headed back up again the
hope is now going and what we're going
to do is we're going to try again we're
going to take two of them god bless all
those actually going quite well it
really really stinks if you haven't seen
gelatine videos no no it really really
stinks once you get it boiling basically
we're just getting rid of all the white
block where you can see on top once we
got rid of it all I'll be ready but I've
to stay calm and just try our best to
get this over me so guys for these three
kinds of assault completely disappear
we're just waiting on one more now so
what we did we called a code from those
three tongues into this Jorgen Adkins
these really hot when it completely just
a coke color right now I'm going to keep
this in the pan and let it cool down
while we actually work on more so what
we're going to do is we're going to load
up more in here right now would get
going solo but actually
really where we gonna go yeah regard
badly but we'll turn around then we're
more mature Brazilians responsibility
who stay calm collected and now we're
getting there guys it's time to move on
to the non branded Tesco code guys this
is the main attraction so we loaded up
half of the code and all the gelatine
into these pans will slowly gain their
no time to add the rest of the code as
you can see all the gelatine is and we
have a hell of a large gelatin lungs of
loads of the final time oh yeah around
you here we go for more time filled with
jealousy because normally ready yeah
let's do this
this book it was taken ages to cool down
to Wilders I open the window and I've
actually put it in the sink and filled
the thing with cold water completely
around it over there we've got a mole on
the hob cooler and four we just need to
wait for that to cool down and then them
to cool down then we can start loading
it into the bottle so those four all
over so now what we've done is basically
I've cut a line into this like actually
cut into the bottle bags because once we
get the coke in this in its step we need
an easy way to get out so calling that
line in that that means that we can
easily get out but now what we have to
do is taste that and last time it didn't
work your well so this time we've got
stronger tape this is just flat-out duct
tape and what I'm going to do with a
metaphor strips over the earth obviously
the coke doesn't come out once we
actually put it in there before it says
2,000 years later I've put so much tape
on this damn code while I've almost use
an entire roll but that's the last time
after all we start I was not going to
let it leak out this time so we're going
to start transferring this into there
just two more minutes on these they're
almost on
bye guys this has gone so quick if I
could get a knife and show you how big
this is it already started to set look
at this and what we're going to do we've
got to act quick and we're going to jug
it in to the bowl so I'm going to take a
big jug full and little literally I'm
going to put it in the bowl it's going
to be a little bit hard to expect going
to be a little bit messy but you're just
gonna have to do it we have to try our
best but it's so thick but I think we're
doing it is get in there and what goes
our position it so that the bits of mint
go back into the bucket so that we can
just get it back in there don't
it for a bit well you know we'll swap
going the moon show me always don't home
I mean what your that's more that I was
better than that it's a gospel because
it's gonna let me follow us what we need
is in that room so these are the four
tons of coke of all finish and we move
them into a girl like that cool for a
little bit longitudinal or basically
knit over there the bottle it stood tall
I can see way more than half of itself
is that for dinner and well the full
loads more ready to go in there so we're
going to be fine guys this should all go
all right after that Hickel for the star
I'm actually surprised and how well this
entire thing's gone was literally only
been like one little mistake thumbs up
for me also guys literally none of the
test your code actually got used we had
another code just with the normal code
set with chest Yoko just push enough to
show that you know we don't want the
Tesco cope so this guy is a little bit
tube that fell onto the whole and
actually hardened so I'm going to try
this right now
oh my god that's so good dozen oh my god
mom you have to try it
that's amazing so while we wait for the
code to set out I told you guys back up
that I've been using a lot recently
called quiz let me get my spin out and
go on the up because why not totally
quit is available on iOS and Android and
the main thing is your name is collect
cards and stickers from your favorite
shows you can get these cards by opening
packs obviously from my past with FIFA I
love the open impact and you can do it
right here on this earth you can get a
family guy card you can get five nights
at freddys cards Bob's Burgers Breaking
Bad with absolutely loans you can train
the card you can also use the thicker
than iMessage which I've been doing a
lot of ously sending the stickers to all
my girlfriend's Morgan
stop lying you don't have a girlfriend
personally my favorite channel is family
guys and I opened this pipe right here
called world's greatest fat man because
in my opinion in fact more with the
world's greatest fat man but anyway
1,700 coins let's go do this first one
louis freakin Griffin I think that's
actually quite rare okay I don't know
those guys are I don't have seen episode
I'm not gonna lie Oh hold on sweet
looking out at the stick card albans
pharmacy and there you go guys a nice
little time there's loads more pipe
you'd open that is one of them but if
you want to try out the art I'll leave a
link in the description down below what
I think we should get back to the video
because this code is almost yet they
started picking up we need to get back
to the video let's get this in the code
balls mom are you ready because right
now we've got a second book and we're
going to put it back in here this one is
a lot funnier so we look not much will
come over the side but as you can see
mum know why you're enjoying it slightly
look speaker a long period as I say a
very weird description you look sorry it
does look quite nice actually it's not
single but as least guys my creation has
done the job very man oh ma how much
Morgan get a froth off get rid of the
pair
there's another black bit low oh god I'm
boys and girls there we go is now full
all the way to the top mom we have done
it high five yeah lots of shit that
fingers girls have some in eyes as you
can see there we go the ball is now gone
and now what we have to do is play the
waiting game because we need to leave
this but I say maybe like half a day
maybe a dangerous to be safe now we're
part of the planning the fridge but see
how quickly it's set to fall over there
littles and what we're going to do is
we're just going to put this down stead
where it's too cold it not where they
should set and they love to this that we
can cook by get all out the bottle
hopeful nothing goes wrong and out of
the bottle and ever will do is they'll
be all done we'll have our own pulley
massive huge ball of coke so for now
what we need to do is put it downstairs
and wait for it to cool however we are
water : over here so more would you want
to still one of these songs we'll just
do another one yeah should we just do
nothing I want to say that what I would
you do another wall it's in a sense
enough time there's loads it is yeah
what guys I wasn't even planning on
doing this but we're going to make a
giant big bowl and rolls are going to do
one of these ones let's do it why you
know the first thing we need to do is
obviously tape up the label this likely
has a label so we're going to do is
we're going to save this label for later
and then what we need use so gold coin
here I put some tape over that's
probably going to be most time-consuming
part let me pull out that wire it's not
going to get a stolen because there's a
lot of them cook label fees on the loose
of the Moon lasting at least killing our
house our although I quote you to go
away there we go we've made the clock
it's a lot easier to obviously get the
coke IDs because they want smaller to
eating mammals and pull the tape over
the court this one even positive climb
to do a second Bowl but this mixture is
so damn hard so I don't know how we're
going to get this it's going to be very
hard because this hole is a lot smaller
I said yet you kind of mix this around
get is like get as good as it will go
before I put it in
we're dealing with it I'm just going to
spoon it guys DIY inside of the iy
collectible and half nummies a Briton
funnel guys we're doing it we're gonna
army mom no it's too thick atleast gosh
I'm going just like that the big coat is
ready and so is the little one we got
there in the end every more now we're
going to clean this all up we're going
to leave these two to set because guys
there we go we've done two giant gamete
Oh mom high five high we did it so guys
what we're going to do right now is play
the waiting game that's pretty set how
they are right now but we want to leave
them to be really really solid so what
we're going to do is you're going to
leave them overnight cooling as I said
and basically I'm going to cut the video
here come back to you tomorrow morning
once they're ready once they're all done
and then we can take a look at them and
move on to the next challenge we just
getting them out of the balls guys that
may be a little bit tricky but what I'm
going to do right now is get these cool
and down and then I'll be back to you
tomorrow morning guys I'll see you then
I'm the guys we are now back as you can
tell it's been exactly 24 hours since we
were last recording so anyway and you
can see down here we have the bottle of
coke is now ready we've cleaned up a
little bit Felix rock solid and welcome
for bass heavy as well as that back here
we have build a ball of code which is
actually feeling quite Twiggy as you can
see but we literally whatever planning
on doing this one so the main thing
we're going to focus also now is this oh
man look at the size of this thing so I
do complete a tape held up perfect the
tape down a real little well on so would
take and now what we have to do is
remove the tape and then we'll have to
do is go off that pot that we made and
try and remove the plastic altogether
so there obviously we only have the
gummy this is the hardest bit of the
entire process because it can easily go
wrong so what we're going to do a little
I mumble do it because that way if you
get the wrong she's going to feel really
guilty sister give me that camera
Mon girl I took a massive chunk off look
at that
yeah well before I was guys you have to
wait for this to work it better be worth
no no yeah yeah got it you've got it
alien and no crotch get lost so as you
need I just removed all the tapes and we
found the hole that we made and it is
actually really thick plastic this
fossil there's going to be hard to clip
into what I'm going to basically do now
if you're doing it at home guys always
be safe when doing this for what we're
going to do we're going to try and cut
the bottle and basically just remove the
goalie every month we can read according
to the bottom one you got to be careful
here I'll even say be careful about
those could be faking it so guys one
worse on the big one I'm gonna get
started on this small one down here
because this one should be really really
the same thing we're just going to
remove the tape and then cut around but
because this plastic is a lot thinner
than that we should just be able to rip
it like we did in the last gummy one so
I'm going to get started mom how are you
defining it over there alright Wow Nick
Wagner I always get to sleep well guys
we'll be back to you when we get our
ball sorted one eternity later guys um
I've got something to say um the code
ball the small one I thought I could do
it I thought I could handle it but there
was a madman Sharon
oh you like a bullet oh c'mon that's
amazing
good real what there's a big alarm
inside of it because the bigger one is
just think about how there we have a
nice gloomy DIY code ball oh oh no it's
very mindful
Oh excellent
The Maids I'll try it now on picture I'm
taking that Oh No right I'm gonna carry
on now we're going to carry over the big
ball guys but the small bottle water
failure and the ball is like any fans
are mighty thoughtful so excuse my giant
failure of that small ball mom oh we're
smashing it with the big ball and you
can see once we cook all the way around
we should hopefully be able to just
slide the two bits of plastic off so
much pain voila so she'll be crotch
stain bring up - oh oh god is breaking
through the brushes yeah oh now what is
done more guys the sleeves I go it off a
little done oh my god also bit serious
still you're gonna pull it in our aren't
ya I just don't know I don't know anyway
we can do it
I'll look great oh no no it's not in
stock it's barely even going oh man we
just Oh God
on the LDN well what the hell - terrible
what don't we do oh man oh my god oh my
god oh my god
you're working on it but six hours see
no one oh it's just no c'mon this is DIY
guys'll do it absolutely worth I think
Oh cat my god incredible the way moving
so there are my guys yo
ready
tasty the taste test
yeah I got her Bowl nice touch Oh cute
gelatin is it Wow
well your phaser I'm not tasting it I'm
gonna bring up a little no nah oh my god
your honour's what do you think I just
don't want to do this oh whoa what do
you think tastes like can you know
unreal more more to give our turn
I wouldn't give anything does it even
deserve anything and well died six hours
work right here as you can see it's a
huge success
yes they just consume anything different
everything probably everything refinery
firm and I've got idea for a final well
it shows mum anybody can beat Baldy
microwave it's a little bit too big the
bowl so here comes crossing mugs I've
done it
okay there we go push it in or just give
it enough either going to cover up we're
going to put it in the microwave so
we're going to see if this Kamiya place
mom dragged it because it's Carol can we
microwave it going to go back to code no
I think it's going to taste like
gelatine total it might get real nice I
think he'll pitch is lumpy and looks
like we're going to find out guys but
yeah there's a right way we've got to
try to do something because as you
conclude then I mean it's not a lot
rather than I've been the best at it so
Morgan what would you give me out of ten
I probably do earlier probably give it
like a fifteen fifteen out ten Oh
we have amazing wasn't it I mean that
the DIY code ball clearly works since
this is a DIY be sure to do this
yourself because we are clearly expert
we know exactly what we're doing
I think matrix is we just don't do
anything like so do you the exact
opposite to Eden and the object of the
gummy coke bottle so guys it's been
going now for about five to ten minutes
so what we're going to do we're going to
take off and see how it looks we want to
see if we can drink it and it actually
tastes like Coke so mom do the honors
look at that it's completely melted oh
is it hot who's drinking it first
laughter question by Gomes look like a
human hold on one chain to fly and hold
on all in order hold on hold on there
you go I'm not doing putting it like a
shot of it
what am I welcome to do I can't drink
that drink Alex eight three two one Oh
got to make horrible you know no it's
horrible horrible oh yeah I thought I'd
be nice mom okay here we go really got
my shot glass three two one it's not
coming out I think factually says it's
weird
hmm oh my god oh oh oh my god Dyer oh my
god I'm so glad victims horrible this is
really worse DIY in the history of DIY
what the hell we don't become solid like
anything can we no give it to Bruno even
I don't like Bruno Deva Nietzsche's
actually if you wants a little bit right
let's do it let's do it let's give it a
little bit so we react let's do it okay
respond off this fucking speed I'll jump
down slow no what are you doing you
can't find it okay then we really
started it showing rocks from there you
like it Wow
for the next year let's not level la ku
don't do here what we actually need
let's just get in there I caught it I
don't carry quiet oh my god that's nice
everything on camera Bhuvan oh yes God
well done well guys guys the end of the
video it wasn't all that because at
least Bruno liked it let me put him down
now yeah guys if you enjoyed the video
remember to leave a big fat thumbs up
down below on the video if you've
watched to this point honestly a lot
would mean the absolute world to me
under God wash at this point thank you
so much I really really do appreciate
that so does mom thank you all so much
for watching the video if you new to my
channel remember to subscribe for more
crazy DIY videos like this and also care
for the social media if you've watched
this part of the video you won't want to
miss our almost social media they're all
in the description all the links so go
check them out bye guys thank y'all so
much for watching and as always I've
been bored you guys built and after you
in my next video please
ohh
