whoever stays hidden the longest wins
all over this money go there's a window
right here which leads to the roof this
is super sketchy wonder why would care
to pay for arms account I'm on top but
these seven boats water
you've been trying to cheat the women
but guess what warning it's survival
which is
yo guys is mole's and today me and the
squad are competing in a $10,000
challenge
now kara has the house to herself this
weekend and we are gonna play a little
game with her the four rules are gonna
sneak into the house and whoever is the
last man standing wins the cash but guys
before we start let's go me my
contestants Martin if you win what are
you gonna spend the money on whoo a
brand-new watch mom what are you gonna
spend the money on if you win the
challenge
I'm not sure what do you think probably
some plastic surgery oh that's a good
idea
Brian if you won what would you spend
the money on I think it's pray over to
net some food and if I win guys I'm
gonna be giving some of the money away
to you guys at the end of the video so
make sure you watch till the end ready
now this is about to get intense some of
the guys I am kinda nervous because
there is a lot of pressure on me
everybody's trying to wait to themselves
but I'm trying to win the money for you
guys so I'm really nervous I don't want
to let you guys down anyway guys I'm
just searching around the house right
now I feel like I would have a massive
advantage if I could personally find out
what era is guys will check the kitchen
and my room in a few moments but first
let's check the gym
what a surprise guys she's not in here
the sign wasn't lying it doesn't look
like she's in my room either Oh
oh my god yo yo there she is guys
she's in the kitchen right now it looks
like she's making a drink the downstairs
is not safe guys
I'm heading upstairs guys I really need
this money at the moment I really really
do gotta find somewhere to hide I've got
an idea I think I'm gonna hide in the
kitchen guys when I get in the kitchen
I'm hiding the cupboards already I
really really need this morning let's go
guys I'm beginning to call them now
don't ever find me in here
good morning already I've wooden this
game I'm really out I'm getting in now
oh now I'm in here all we've got to do
his way nobody's gonna find me in here
at all
what are you doing why are you following
me nothing cuter
I'm going now I'm going well guys
knowing your watch for me guys the rules
said that we had to hide around the
house but they don't say you can't hide
around the garden team mom nobody's
gonna find me out here we've got this
guy's I may not have lived here long
don't count me out alright I've got
skills and plus Kira doesn't really
notice me anyway and that won't change
I'm gonna try and stay here in this room
for as long as possible
because I think it's a great hiding spot
and and plus my my Playstations here so
team Ryan weirdness guys I have an idea
as you know the challenge is underway
and I am super nervous there's a lot of
rooms up here guys but none of them have
many amazing places to hide however the
rules said you have to be around the
house so instead of going inside it why
don't I go on top of there there's a
window right here which leads now guys
this is very very dangerous and very
very stupid if I fall off the roof not
only am I gonna lose a challenge I may
end up losing one of my arms this is
very very dangerous and very very stupid
and I don't think I should do this but I
need to win this challenge so I'm gonna
do it
I'm scared guys I'm risking a lot for
this but it's what I gotta do
I think I'm gonna be okay oh my god
check this out guys the house even has a
sunroof so I can spy down there and see
if I can spot anything going on oh my
gosh this is super super sketchy I'm
gonna stay hidden up here for as long as
we can
however guys I don't think I'll be able
to stay here all night I'm gonna get way
too cold so when it goes dark and when
the time is right I'll have to sneak
back in and find a new spot team morgs
we got this guy's
I've been outside now for about one hour
I thought this was a good strategy but I
kind of forgot how cold it is in England
is it's freezing I don't think I can do
this oh no it's starting to rain I'm
gonna have to go inside I can't do this
we need to find another spot guys gotta
go inside I need to find somewhere else
right I just need to find a good place
to hide and warm fresh snacks hmm if I
stock up on food now we'll be able to
have a name and they'll have two things
evil genius
Oh
well chicken
I'm gonna take what's left in my snacks
guys find another hiding place quickly
before she comes back
awesome guys it's been about three hours
now what everyone else is running around
the house finding hiding spots
frantically trying to evade Kira sweetie
I played fortnight to the bit three
hours
win-win the way I see it just a matter
of time before everyone else gets caught
and I win the challenge team I'm
bringing this one home someone's coming
not minecraft wonder if I would care
that they fall down as account
probably don't tell him it's fine by me
our leader oh my god six games zero
kills I'm useless I'm you something
eating anything I'm definitely winning
this challenge now you know what I'm
gonna buy a V box with the prize money
I'm getting care as a professional for
like punching lessons
dice a stark right now I just came back
from the roof I need to find a spot to
hide him for the rest of the night but
luckily for me I have another idea and
it's busy and crazier than the roof guys
it's starting to get really really late
right now which means Kara will probably
be going to bed very very soon
but guys I ain't worried because check
out where I am guys
safe do not try this at home I think
this is the most extreme place I've ever
hidden I'm on top of a seven-foot
wardrobe
I thought hiding in the wardrobe would
be too obvious so I had to bring it to
the next level literally the next level
however guys there is one problem there
isn't really a way down from here the
only way I can get down is literally by
jumping onto the bed and if I do that
Kira will 100% hear it so looks like I'm
probably gonna be up here for a while
guys with no food no water and nothing
to do
guys with Kira coming in and out of my
room like that earlier it's definitely
not safe to hide in there so I've got my
hiding spot for the night and it's
inside the shower I am never getting
caught in here
Oh saw it
guys I have no idea what time is but I
shall walk up is literally my outside
guys it literally just had a tan that
was literally the most uncomfortable
night sleep ever I've just been laying
on this hard solid wardrobe all night
with new pillow milk like in but most
importantly no food guys as you can see
here it is still fast asleep down there
I'm pretty sure she isn't gonna be
waking up any time soon one thing that I
know about Kara is that she doesn't wake
up at the normal human waking up time so
this right now is a perfect opportunity
to jump down from this wardrobe and get
the hell outta here Oh guys I'm not
gonna lie I don't think mom and I will
have as good hiding spots as bad team
orgs we've got
you will know you can't steal my spot I
knew you were gonna do this I stole this
spot for me
mochi not the only one looking hi good
you know this isn't gonna be as easy as
what you think okay okay mooom calm down
looks like it was just a
misunderstanding
we both had good hiding spots but
Orion's wasn't as good like maybe he's
been caught by now knows
you know what guys this is completely
unacceptable this was my spot I know I
got here first and you you just want to
copy me because the best hiding
it's 32 right now we're not off to the
best start but one thing's for sure next
time I find a hiding spot I'm gonna scan
the entire before I go there because as
far as I know mom Orion could probably
be mom and Ryan are not messing about
this challenge isn't gonna be as easy as
I thought it would be guys
day two I've got some fierce competition
so I need to up my game team or we're
winners we can do this
skies I survived day one and I'm about
to survive day two we're caring I'm
going into all the competition it's gone
let's do this team Ryan
come here she's coming she's coming good
right that was a close one oh yeah tell
me about if she almost got me Jim I
cannot thank you enough but why on earth
did you help me Ryan I help you because
I've got an offer for you
an offer you can't refuse go on Ryan as
you just saw I'm experienced in these
types of challenges and you're know I
know how to get the job done
however Ryan Morgan is that big is right
miss a threat to me is a threat to you
but he's no match got a point Joe a
lightweight ex is going I think we
should team up Ryan as allies you know
what Jill I know you good at this and I
trust you
let's do it team Ryan
guys as you can tell the time is
currently 1203 right now I've just been
tired doing nothing guys literally I've
just been staring at the door I want to
play games so bad by the scared cameras
gonna call it off we go and get me
anyway guys I keep hearing footsteps
Tokyo could be anywhere right now I have
no idea I also have Ryan and mom
together speaking quietly at one point
so I don't know what the hell they're up
to but guys this is really starting to
get intense I am so tired I've had
literally no sleep but I'm balling
through it for you guys I just hope I
don't get too tired and I accidentally
fall asleep because then I'm a goner
most apps
I do my time you know where mom's final
maybe in the be back I'm sorry but I'm
Cecilia hide his face let's just hope
she's not here right now but we need to
be quick
looking
Kirra
Ryan the coast is clear
let's go Ryan I've got a great idea
you got the utility room Kira never goes
in there and hug on the gym and I'll
look out for you
good idea I knew this be a good team
oh we're such a good team Ryan aren't we
team um work hello hey Siri text Kara
I've left my washing in the utility room
please go and take it out for me send
another man down one more to go and
winning this guy's bite any
necessary
you
morning guys feeling a footsteps
it must be June I think she should be
about to check out how I have nothing
Kara just watch it okay
maybe you should tell me next time I was
you know yeah okay I should come today
to it what are you doing in here I just
got a text so much I see what's up and
dead how could she do that to me I
twisted her she set me up big style boy
you talking about what's going on I
don't understand just leave it here you
don't care they want a playdate
how about this last 24 hours me Jill
Martin and Morgan I've been competing
for $10,000 the challenge is whoever can
go the longest without being caught by
you wins
that's shouldn't we be I know I could
hear noises last night
sleeping every kind of comic songs
watching me but anyway that means that
there's still two people I don't why
need to do well you do better get in
your hiding spots because I'm coming to
find you
and I'm not stopping until I do your
challenges over more cause I'm not
spending it no and I'll do two creepers
creeping on me registers let's find them
guys I don't have a clue how she found
out about the challenge but we know our
time to think I need to find a hiding
spot and it needs to be a good one
yeah how did you find out did you want
anything to do with this no Morgan
listen I've gone off for you let me win
and I'll split the money with you you
want me to let you win and I'll get half
the money yeah because she know you can
trust me and I'll give you half night
wait a second I think I know what's
going on here you still going over you
may care a five-iron and pure anger Ryan
told Kira about the challenge because of
you this entire time you've been trying
to cheat to win and renew it well guess
what Morgan is survival of the fittest
tim-mah
donate after all my mastermind tactics
and ideas have won the money I can't
wait to get spending bees you know what
Jill I don't want to have to do this but
if you want to play dirty
ah
Oh
I'm finding it
jail
Ola wanted with some plastic surgery now
I can't have it got to look like they
smell forever
no bad person I've just tried to do what
I couldn't make myself look better wait
shows that means I'm giving away the
winning to you guys all you have the
news went to the giveaway guys is go
down that and subscribe to the channel
right now coming down below that you
want to win some of the free money
better chance of winning go home like
Instagram and snapchat the focal screen
right now thank you so much for watching
guys come see me on tour before the
tickets sell out link in description
peace out
