Oh guys I just fell over shit oh no guys
welcome back to another video and today
as you know it's time for a prime
today's victim is none other than my mom
I mean it was obviously gonna be my mom
I mean it's not like I have any friends
to prank although it could have been my
dad actually general if you want me to
prank my dad don't leave a like on this
video if we can smash 20,000 likes then
I'll prank my dad dad if you're watching
this I'm sorry oh yeah guys today's
victim was my mum and this prank was
absolutely crazy by far the craziest
prank I have ever dog light by far so
long story short why did was I went over
to Amazon and spend two hundred and
fifty pounds that's roughly three
hundred dollars on ball pit
multi-coloured balls these weren't for a
normal ball pit though why did was fill
up an entire room with the ball pit
balls to make an indoor ball pit where's
the twist it wasn't my room it was my
mom's she must hate me by now oh yeah
let me run you through the overall plot
for this prank number one obviously we
had to set off the prank get all the
balls opened and get them in the room
number two we had to make my mom go up
to the room and open the door revealing
the massive bulb inside her room and
then number three my favorite part she
gets mad and flips out and it turns into
our an out chaos and for the most part
dies exactly what happened with this
prime so without further ado let's gonna
start guys if you're new to the channel
remember to subscribe down below
share this video around with your
friends and also check out my other
social medias all in the description boy
let's move on to the prank obviously
starting with phase one which was
setting of the prime let's do this
ladies and gentlemen it's time to get
down to business side you can see in
here actually I should I should probably
close the door because mum is currently
downstairs as you can see in here we
have one two three four five boxes
filled with these things technically
that's just one box but I'm gonna count
it as two because that one's one yeah
when I'm saying one trustee and night
later
there is just balls everywhere no pun
intended
that is a lot more than I expected we
have to find a way to get all these
number one out of the packaging and
number two into there this is going to
be hard and very time-consuming so the
strategy I'm gonna go for is I'm going
to get them all held up here like way up
there and then put box here in front of
the door so obviously they don't all go
out but guys this is gonna be a lot
harder than I expected
wish me walk this better be worth it
2,000 years later
hey guys I've now almost emptied out
every side that was in here and as you
can see we're making some real progress
the entire floor look at my feet you
can't see them they're literally
engulfed but yeah a few more bison here
then we move on to all the ones out
there and then obviously all the ones
out there guys you've got a lot more to
do I'd say we're about third of the way
through now and this is looking crazy my
form is actually now bleeding from all
the bags I've had to open so just for
that guys smush alike on this video
right now blood went into this I cut my
own finger to make this happen smush
alike guys you got to do it I've now got
my second cup guys that's too coarse but
literally look at this the progress here
we are so close to being done there's
not many nets left this is crazy there's
been a lot of a design fault layer balls
all leaking out you have to shut the
doors too but yeah this is crazy guys I
can't believe this is what will happen
that this is not guys I just fell over
oh no this is not good big problems big
problems okay there's definitely a
design fault
here box you bailed me guys I've just
managed to shut the door this is what's
leaked out there is literally so many of
leaked towels but if I open the door
slightly they're our way in to come so
what I might do is just just just take
me out just let these go and just just
work with what we have in here I think
that's what we're gonna have to do
you've definitely failed me all no the
door Jesus the door three weeks later
and just like that ladies and gentlemen
boys and girls we are done I think this
25,000 balls in there that there's a
whole floor has been raised by like like
two meters I like a meter guys this is
actually crazy look at this so it's now
time for the hard part I've got some
assistance mines come to save the day
and yeah basically mum still downstairs
what we're gonna do is gonna try our
best to shut the door mine what your I
can we do here I'm gonna clue
Judis yellow a should we just give our
best shot guys I'll let you know how it
goes
guys I I cannot lie we have literally
just done it without a single one
spilling what was attacked in mine we
what we did we put that little pin piece
in front of that box so that they all
stayed and we literally we just we just
shot it may high-five
let's do it so guys want to finish
setting up the room and getting all the
balls into the room it was time to move
on to phase 2 boys face Q you asked
getting mom to go up to the room and
open the door now obviously I wanted her
to open the door and get the surprise so
I had to think of a reason to make her
go up now I was thinking of waiting
until she needed the toilet and then
obviously she'd go up and open the door
but there's a toilet downstairs so I
could take the risk so that one
wouldn't work so what I decided to do
was tell her that I was vlogging by day
and actually tell her I had a leak in
the upstairs toilet because a while back
we had problems with a legal there so
obviously I knew she'd be really really
freaked out and ladies and gentlemen it
dies exactly what happens let's get back
to the prank I've just been doing my
hair for the vlog I'm vlogging today and
you know you know you little bathroom
your little bathroom yeah basically you
know I usually flood it all right foot
once yeah while they go i heard running
water but I didn't have any taps on and
I saw I saw a puddle below the sink oh
yeah yeah just now yeah I've been
vlogging No
we're not gonna believe in the more
truck at that shower yeah I think he's
really bad I'm not sure
what on earth have you done you little
did you hear what's in there any water
what you person what is all these balls
come from I thought I'd give the room a
little bit of a makeover so why did I
order it can load to these balls you
know so I saw the ball but I thought the
room you know this room is just lacking
a little bit of character do not any
mind please look at him so now you've
got a little ball pit what do you think
that oh good Bruno likes it you don't
why isn't it ancestor in the ball code
what do you think then I just can't
believe it I've just ended it off fat
slut clean all that slime mess up the
other night now I've got all this -
you're cleaning it old I'm not going
over some food what you mean you're not
cleaning it you are not Lee I'm not
going in those you wanna make do with
all these balls I don't know what's your
problem not my problem it's like a mess
the house is like a shit tip this boxes
there's bag there's balls the slime the
sweets there's just stuff everywhere
we've made it now so we may as well have
a little bit fun
Bruno
Oh believe it
I'm up while the dildos in as long as I
don't have to clean it Oh mom don't seem
so concerned by involve chuckling Oh bro
now I think this is like borderline
animal cruelty literally just Brunello
clever bun no it
Bruno do you this one could be all miss
mom I think this prank actually was kind
of my right I think this missing you're
wrong this one right she actually likes
it which is the blue one which is blue
right this is training now red red
yellow yellow do you like red yellow
which one your red which is red which is
right see is looking at this one is so
clever here we have a nice little room
tour as you can see the decoy in this
room is just phenomenal well mum I'll
leave you to it then
have fun I'm getting in the box huh well
that was probably one of the most
unexpected endings in pranking history
she literally enjoyed it
she wasn't even that man she actually
enjoyed the prank she was a little bit
angry at first but then she got it got
in the ball pit and she was alright with
it so
yeah there you go that was a really
really unexpected ending but guys I
really really hope you enjoyed this
prank if you've enjoyed remember to
leave a like rating down below if you've
watched at this point honestly you're
like rate would be absolutely amazing
you don't know how much that mean to me
also if you enjoyed the video remember
to share around with your friends and
also subscribe to my channel down below
if you are new also if you want to see
me prank my dad then leave a like on
this video and tell me what prank I
should do on my dad in the comment
section below and if you watch to this
point of the video what I want you to do
is comment down below
more's loves multi-coloured balls and
then obviously only love watch to the
end of the video will know what you mean
by that in the comment section I want to
see how many of you guys go down there
and how many of you guys have actually
watched till the end of the video so be
sure to comment that down below but guys
thank you all so much for watching this
video
honestly it means the world to me I
really really have enjoyed and as always
I've been bored you guys been awesome
and I'll see you in my next video peace
out if you enjoyed the video then
remember to subscribe to mug this
channel and don't forget to leave a like
if you have a big penis thanks for
watching peace out
