yeah hello guys and welcome back to
another video now this is usually the
part of the video that I say a funny
joke to grab your attention and keep you
interested however today I just
literally can't think of anything well
so on that note hey Siri tell me a joke
hey no why don't you work on your own
jokes rather than me having to do all
the work for you idiot wha Siri come on
you're embarrassing me now can you just
can you just tell me a joke please
because if I am embarrassing you this
isn't going how I expected no seriously
guys we have got an awesome day planned
today I'm gonna be showing you a bunch
of these cool different series tricks so
there's a storm that's currently in the
UK I haven't been outside yet but
apparently it's terrible oh my god oh my
god oh my goodness
so yeah apparently that's what we're
dealing with today conveniently the
storm is called storm Doris that isn't a
very intimidating name but it's pretty
damn intimidating out there oh yeah
Siri what should everybody watching this
do right now hello there everyone
watching this just smash the like button
down below is the like goal for this
video is a massive 140 thousand likes
freaking smash the light so you gotta
smash the like button guys party with it
boy pals and forty thousand is the goal
for this video guys oh one more thing
one one one more thing half of you have
probably already guessed all this is
gonna be but yes good either if you
haven't seen this YouTube channel before
then don't forget to smash it a big red
subscribe button down below
I mean series said it so you gotta do it
if you're new hit that big red subscribe
button smash the thumbs up button and
then we're good I'm literally using Siri
as a way to get likes and subscribers
what is my channel come to anyway guys I
don't know if you've noticed but my hair
is looking pretty freakin dead right now
look at these sides bro look how long
these are and get my hair cut one under
is currently 1235 what I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna show you a trick which means
you can make series say anything you
want in this video we're gonna be a
little bit later on I'm gonna show you a
bunch of cool different
Sara can do throughout this video so be
sure to watch y'all I'm gonna save the
best ones till last let's go say hello
to mom because I haven't said hello so
actually let's prank her what are you
doing you crazy sorry mom go on away so
he taking me to get my bonnet course one
oh yeah yeah yeah yeah because my hair
and very mercy all right guys look out
fast I can drink a glass of water I've
been practicing with this all right go
brick this looks why bit longer okay a
few moments later I've been practicing
this for a while now how fast I can
drink a freaking glass of water I'm good
at it you ready three two one
you know what Margo I can bust the line
as quick as that Lowell
cuz I loved it mom what is your opinion
on Doris this is actually a new window
it's proper for get let's try out on
this window bar Oh Doris is taking it
close its nature moment nature what
laser happen very funny
at least it went the right way grandma
Doris is nothing
bring in your copy now oh my god market
mop it up to that I think the milks off
or something what do you mean
we'll just take oh my god why are you
smelling them I just drank that and I
feel sick there's something wrong with
it the woman get the race do me a favor
quickly walk down the camera stare down
the lens it's not like close so I just
got probes so I'm going to the
hairdresser's now gonna get the hair
cool gonna get the sides shaved down
completely so as always this is my hair
before the court okay so we're back from
game my hair cause you can tell just
like that sides are looking pretty
frickin good and boys and girls there is
now also an all styled up I think is
looking fricking bleakie what I might do
actually today not right now vanilla a
while is record like a separate videos
I've got new ideas but before that I
need to talk to you about something
frickin massive this is huge guys I'm
leavin messing about this is crazy
so as you may or may not know I am my
own apparel shop where I sell my own
clothes but like my youtube brand and
there's been the same three designs on
there since we started it now me and my
manager we've been working on getting
some new designs for a while now and we
finally have them ready and guess what
guys they are live on the shop right now
so I'm gonna do is I'm gonna tell you
downstairs I'm gonna show you all the
new clothes because they're completely
different to the last ones these ones
are actually embroidered which if you
don't know means they're like stitched
in and there are a lot better quality in
fact actually why might why am I talking
to you about them when I can just when I
can just show you where are they Bruno I
know that down here oh it's not what I
think it is oh yes yes it is cue the
dramatic
I can't be bothered to do it anymore
okay here we are four different items of
clothing four different t-shirts one
design before different colors let me
get them all out the packaging so it can
give you a battle so the first two
coolers as you can see our blue and
white this one's kind of a dark blue a
bitter like a navy color with the white
logo this one is why we've obviously the
black logo let me give you a close-up on
this fricking logo so as you can see
this thing is actually embroidered into
the top this isn't like no stick-on
parable well design this is like
completely sewn in there as you can see
this one's probably gonna be a better
look there you go look at that I thought
I'd go with something completely
different go to the MH which obviously
stands for Mortensen or Morgan Hudson I
think this logo looks really really
sleek and it's just kind of something
which is going to be a little bit more
casual take up a lot less space on the
actual top but it looks really really
nice obviously embroidered in as you can
tell in here we have this really really
bright red design with the black logo
this is a black t-shirt with the white
logo something you know I can wear that
basically anywhere obviously the logo
looking really really nice but yeah they
are the four design let me lay them all
out and there you go guys that's all
four of them all laid out for you to see
on the bed I'm really really happy to
finally have some new designs up on the
shop because it's been way way overdue
I've been working on these with my
manager for literally so long and I'm so
happy to say that they are now out so
the shirts are 17 pounds 50 for one
shirt but we do ship them all worldwide
so it you can get them if you're in
America you can get them if you're in
Brazil you can get them if you're in
freaking Africa you can get them
anywhere not before I have right here
our s'mores but we have them in all size
of medium small large I mean no telling
you all this stuff but it's probably
easier if you just go and take a look
for yourselves well hook the website
link in the description down below
I'll put it literally right at the top
of the description so it's easy for you
to see or if you want to be a little bit
crazy and actually put it in yourself
the website link is literally just
www.markzware.com not even code at UK
just mugs Co because I'm all about
saving you guys time hey Siri hello
there I think the shirts are very very
sexy and I want one please Oh Siri
she likes them guys look at that this
thing literally fits me perfect there
you go since you're all probably moaning
at me to put a frickin top on there we
go to fit the occasion we're all good
I'm so pumped guys this bits brilliant
Brian yeah what do you think tomato what
you think my Mitch would think to my
brand new apparel I feel like it another
game of Monopoly down another win for
mugs
as you can see Ryan any last words
follow me on snapchat yeah
okay thanks thanks for that oh my god oh
my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh
my god oh my god oh my god oh
mom tell them what it is look sir no
pack Oh sizzling baby
Nando's and just like that guys you're
upstairs I'm gonna eat this right now
because I'm starving and I need the
freakin protein so three two one bang
okay that that was freaking good that
was really nice
so I supposed to be going to the gym
today but one of my friends failed so I
think what I'm gonna do is just like do
a little workout here so I've just
finished the workout guys have been
going for the past half an hour but it's
basically been doing everything I can do
obviously inside normal I though guys
that was freaking tough about to switch
to my other lens because for some reason
my vlogging lens just wouldn't focus on
me and I have no clue why but anyway
I've got this shade wish me luck guys
this I'm gonna trying down it in one but
this story ain't usually nice so let's
just give this a girl do it in one but
that was those good progress
I'm down to the lovely bits of the ball
where the powder okay so I finished I'm
gonna go get in the bath now because I
don't think you guys want to stare at my
sweaty freaking face but any longer okay
guys so I'm out of the shower right now
as you can tell I decided to leave my
hair down all right now I'm gonna tell
you about this thing which most do you
want to know and that's how you actually
do these Siri commands you may have
heard throughout the video
I've been having a lot of fun with Siri
making them say some really really funny
stuff I'm gonna tell you right now how
you can do this yourself so the first
thing you're gonna want to do is go to
your contacts and find the contact that
you have set as yourself once you're on
your contact basically you want to
change your name to whatever you want
Siri to say example if I set it to you
oh very cool I don't really know why but
yeah I set it to that basically
sometimes when you speak to Siri she'll
reply with your name so if you say like
hi Siri she'll be like hello and then
your name now this right here it says my
name you can change your name to
whatever you want so I think you guys
know where this is going basically Siri
will say this thinking is my name when
in reality it can be anything you want
so for example hello Siri good evening
you're very cool so yeah there you go I
think you guys know where this is going
so you can have a lot of fun with it and
let me show you some of the funniest
examples good evening now off she
literally they haven't even censored
words she says anything you want
anything is so funny
hi everybody watching this video should
leave a like and subscribe there yo
you've got to now even Siri said you
should come on you gotta just leave a
like and subscribe series telling you to
come on anyway there you go there's just
some of the fun things that you can do
with Siri there's so many more but
they're just some of the ones that I
like honestly it's hilarious she will
say anything anything it's so freakin
funny but yet all you have to do is
change your name on the phone to
whatever you wanted to say yours
mom does blooming mighty eyes again she
got the chicken got the rice I'm gonna
eat this so you know what three two one
bang oh hold on was it was it gone oh
okay the finish that was pretty good
sweet I've had my food that was really
really nice oh yes still that was our ah
it was nice I'm just very very full now
it's actually nine o'clock right now and
I think what I'm gonna do is settle and
record the video that I've been talking
about recording literally all day go a
little bit stuff on the lens hold on oh
yeah be in the food that was really good
now I'm gonna chill for the rest of the
night do somewhere do some videos edit a
little bit it's gonna be good sweet guys
have just finished recording the video
guys I did it I recorded it and oh my
god that was funny
let me just say that oh this looks
interesting
thank you so much for sending the
Abigail but that means a lot to me thank
you so much and the drawing freaking
freaking sick I'm a high level of 100%
it's always nice just to open up some of
the people's mail you just the chairs
meals sometimes I've seen that letter
seeing all the things you guys draw for
me and like give me it's amazing thank
you all so much to everybody that sent
that stuff well guys and just play
Monopoly as you know another win for
your boy because I'm just the king of
Monopoly but right now it is 12:45 is it
in the morning or Chennai I'm really not
sure but yeah guys I'm freaking not good
right now I've got a long day tomorrow
not to London to me it with a few other
youtubers going to a party so I got to
be wide awake for that so I'm gonna go
to bed right now have a nice sleep then
wake up and get to London tomorrow guys
I really hope you've enjoyed the vlog if
I remember to leave a like also tell me
if you enjoyed this serie tricks and
also tell me what phone you have in the
comment section below if you're new
remember to subscribe little bit I can't
talk remember to subscribe to the
channel if you're new and also leave a
like on the video but guys that's it
as always I've been mauled you guys been
awesome and I'll see you in my next
video peace Oh
