No
now I do guys know ninja is the best for
Knight player in the book Emile Nuala
hand well I'd say I'm almost as good
Morgan but you might actually be the
worse oh now in this video I'm gonna be
transforming into ninja I'm gonna be
game trained by a pro for knife player
and by the end of this video I will be
as good you're not being serious all yes
yeah yeah I was
is this a prank no seriously you think
you gonna be better than ninja yeah
uh-huh okay Morgan no guys ninja is my
favorite fortnight stream he's an
absolute legend that everybody knows
that but my question to you guys comment
down below who you think is the best
fortnight player in the world is it
ninja or is it someone else
comment down below but also if you're
finding Joe remember to go down there
and smash that subscribe button
I may not be Morgan you sure you want to
do that niche is a trained to care about
weapons swords Morgan mommy's law an
actual ninja
he's a fortnight's dreamer it straight
he's trained to play fort nine oh okay
well be careful okay so the first step
to becoming ninja is the appearance
here's a picture of me here's a picture
of ninja killer who's more attractive ah
yeah I didn't sound very convincing
I think ninjas much more attractive so
the iconic hair color of ninja is blue
I've had blue once before and it didn't
go so well so I'm not looking forward to
this sport I've got a professional hair
dryer right here so hopefully it will go
a lot better this time free no wait wait
whoa whoa what are you doing I've got
the Mojo and it'll spray me while I go
in there hey ninja definitely ninja yeah
guys I'm sorry to put you through this
but I ain't getting on the merge this is
dropping this Saturday guys exclusive
gold signatories I'm only dropping 500
of these by the way if you want one
you're gonna have to cock them literally
on the first day before they sell out I
don't need a bra do I I don't think so
guys roll the cinematics
and just like that guys the hi is
complete but I feel like something is
missing and I know exactly what it is I
need to play like ninja and you guys
know I'm not good for night so we're
gonna need some help
Hogan we can't get miss is it gonna have
to be Ryan then I guess that's gonna be
teaching me today is Ryan aka the pizza
delivery guy aka the guy that burned my
Easy's aka Harry Maguire yeah standing
at seven foot tall weighing 900 pounds
he's got some epic kills he's the best
born I player in the entire UK and his
name is it's hey
a few moments later okay well this is
gonna take a bit more work than I was
thinking till I start with a few basics
what does this thing bomb do oh oh it
makes you put it down and it shoots
people away like doo-doo-doo shhh yeah
how many mute llamas on every month for
how much damage to the sky let's make it
a little bit yeah what does it say on
the screen when you win again this isn't
working
let me test your decision making
decision making in games okay you're the
last team you're on a base they're the
enemies in a basement storm is coming if
you're not safe he's partially safe what
do you do you're on time you just
talking about
yeah the correct answer is to shoot his
bass out and you start moving towards a
stop I was gonna say just get someone
else to play for the name plates I know
make the situation a bit easier maybe a
little bit complex for you right now
what do you do if you're running towards
the zone so I start shooting at you hide
in the storm
yeah good luck with me boy it's 20k for
an hour we can't afford that good guys
Oh some oak it's a theory side of this
domination didn't really go well do this
it didn't go great but but there's
always the practical side the practical
side so weird a bit some playground mode
guys the hole it is it's a mode way you
can just do whatever you want for hours
travel fortnight Wow and I'm gonna set
you some challenges hope that you can
complete these challenges Oh
- Morgan one of the core fundamental
mechanics is for tonight is building
building I want to see build the best
base you can in a minute the best base I
kind of better base you can take a
minute I want it to not use I want it to
not use as many materials as possible I
also want it to be very good and not
getting destroyed instantly by the
opponents okay bro okay motormouth are
you ready
I have three two one okay what is that
this is my base I've got extra
structural support on the bottom it's
tall and at the top I've got past a lot
it looks like
oh I don't think about that maybe
because it does that will put the
opponent oh and then I'll be able to
kill them
yeah no no as much as buildings great in
fortnight you've got to hit those very
important to five shots near opponent
yeah let me see your aim let me see you
hit all three of those targets all three
of those targets simultaneously
simultaneously okay cool okay you can
start now all right you know I'm gonna
give you one final test final test this
is your last opportunity not only
impress me impress you but prepare
myself I want to see your strategy one
physical part bro what no further yeah
okay
best of luck I'll see you later no guys
my training and may not have gone to
plan however I know one thing that is
way more important than everything I was
taught confidence I believe in myself it
doesn't matter how quickly I can build
it doesn't matter how good my aim I
believe in myself
I'm confident and I know I can do this I
can win a game and I can truly become
ninja this is where I'll get serious I'm
gonna jump into a game guys this is
where it all gets serious this is where
I truly test myself and find out if I
have what it takes to win a game as
ninja however guys I want to make you a
little bit of a deal if and only if I
manage to win this next game you have to
subscribe to the channel and let's face
it it's probably not gonna happen but
you know all guys I'm confident I've got
the merch on I'm feeling good let's do
this whoo guys retailer is I'm going
straight to this house right here
getting this chest and going on the hood
for some people to kill
Oh many shields mini shields we're off
to a great start hey boys and girls pop
that let's go guys I've got to say I'm
feeling confident going into this I feel
like I can get kills as ninja
I'm gonna go get bill bill T yo I did
not say would enjoy but I missed about
70 big shots guys the nerves are getting
to me holy cow I am running for my dear
life build build build jump okay there
we go
okay I'm popping these bandages guys oh
my goodness
that was so close so intense I had the
nerves against me guys I was so sloppy
doing that first kid I'm thinking back
to my training I'm gonna do what Brian
told me I need a lot of wood
I need materials so that I can build yo
is that one big baby I found and I'm
hungry you better let me believe I am
hungry right now
give me those flippin Apple baby let my
face when I see an Apple 25 shield 95
health and no chest oh I see you in the
distance oh man 24 we got 24 we need to
build we need to build like there's no
tomorrow don't where does this guy go
where did this guy go with a plane I see
buddy come out or I can kill him
come out come out wherever you are you
can't hide from me
he wanna die for me bro
you got big shots of me bondage oh whoa
okay you know what where the hell is
this guy out where is this guy I think
he's just hiding down there by the
containers I think he's just trying to
play a little game of hide-and-seek with
me but guess what he's down there Darla
there is crime truck oh no guys I don't
share the other option oh well easy as
that easier does not bro easy as that
think I wasn't even looking in the right
direction I'm doing pretty well
22 people left free kills I've got a
grenade launcher I'm in a good position
right however I'm gonna stick to Ryan's
training he denim materials I know what
I'm doing I'm prepared imagine how proud
I would be if I managed to pull off a
win in my first game after his training
my first game is ninja I need to make
him proud come on Papa Oh
guys the pressure is kind of building
right now 13 people left the storms
closing in it's getting intense you know
I could actually do this oh wait who's
that then you're that guys in a good
position should I try and shoot him down
I've got to go for it oh no I'm going
I'm following the storm bro you know
what you can keep nope nope nope
no juice often no kill oh my gosh two
shots no kill build bill bill bill
okay come on he's still back no I can't
let this guy stay alive after this he's
in the wrong direction of the storm but
I have to kill this guy god damn it that
guy completely gone away I don't know
how I managed to do it probably because
I missed about 17 shots foot let's turn
that guy I've bothered me for so long
but not anymore bro I may have missed
the first five shots but not that one oh
oh
my gosh guys this is going to be way
this is so intense seven people left
it's been a long time since I got a
four-night win in a video maybe this is
the game where it happens again okay you
boys fortified I see somebody in the
distance miss Oh Oh what is it with this
sniper and not being able to kill
anybody
again it was I would have been oh my
goodness oh so with me and all the
instead of okay we're gonna shop we are
getting soft pillows filled built by
this build built hospitals so guys plan
has backfired I should have listened for
to Ryan I forgot about materials I was
just thinking too much of our supply
drops and I love about wards for other
people left I know where all three of
them are no
okay through this left I'm still go no
materials come on please stomachs booze
come on please anything anything oh my
gosh this guy he killed me so easily
this holy guy can kill me so easily
there we go do we do okay what do you
want what do I do
I'm going I'm going for it like a ninja
I'm going across the map Expo we get
that Ward's come on I don't know where
this guy's gone he may have ran
somewhere else I have no clue areas but
I need this board I'm just gonna grab
this stuff look back okay I've got a
limited material I've got a lot build
build build and there is various this is
it guys looks like it comes down to an
old-fashioned
I know you didn't know that is your
account final to our material I ran
across the other guys I killed a Leroy
it was just pop uggg buddy let's go
who needs met when you've got Ryan baby
I'm your training I mean I kind of
forgot I forgot to get materials but oh
and also guys you remember when I said
this before the game if I manage to win
this next game you have to subscribe to
the channel guys if you haven't already
go down there smash that subscribe bye
guys and if you're pardoning jizz army I
may not be twice but as ninja for I
guess I'm
okay the blue hair definitely helped
leave a like on this video if you
enjoyed and also guys the gold signature
limiter next elusive of these are
talking this Saturday guys there's only
going to be a few hundred of them
available before they are gone forever
so if you're not there quick I'm ready
this Saturday you're gonna miss out and
then you'll never be able to get one of
these ever again
like seriously tell me these are the
dopest hoodies you better sing in your
life or if you want to pick up some of
my night inspired merch you can get down
right now that maldo
link in the description it's a
scientific fact that this merch makes
you 99% better at 4/9 thank you so much
for watching and as always I've involved
you guys been awesome and I'll see you
in my next video peace out
