try not to cringe challenge if you
cringe you bail wait does that mean I
just failed I'll let myself off for that
one it's simple you watch videos the
video is a cringy you try not to cringe
if you cringe then you lose if you don't
cringe then you win now by now you guys
shouldn't know I am the king of these
try not to challenges
I did the try not to laugh challenge
from a mom and I didn't laugh once I
didn't try not to sing along challenge
and you guys know it wasn't even close
to sing at all so when I was told about
the trunk to cringe challenge I was like
it's gonna be easy so yeah that's what
we're gonna be doing today
trying not to cringe nothing I just I
think I just failed again now the plan
for this video was I was going to go
online go onto YouTube and find loads of
these impossible
try not to cringe challenges well you
know these videos always say they're
impossible when they're ultimate and
then the hardest but they just never are
so I decided to do instead of trying to
find them was I decided to ask one of my
closest friends to put together I try
not to cringe challenge for me partially
because I'm too lazy to do it myself
but we don't need to speak about that
hear me I said we do not need to speak
about that do it last night I shot my
friend a text and basically asked him to
put together a compilation of some of
the craziest most dire most all fall
videos on the Internet
hey Ryan can you make me a compilation
some of the cringes hitters on YouTube
or put a link yet or curse all good and
send a few moments later I may make how
much cringe cringe loser wireless cringy
this kid makes me make all of his videos
my cringe perfect see you
yeah cringe no that list that's well
cringy no wait who's this throughout the
new meadow good afternoon I guess for me
it's 11:46
so I guess it says this the morning my
days okay this is the cringe kid I think
I've ever found I can't wait to tell him
so yeah he sent me the message you sent
me the compilation I don't know what
I've got myself into
I don't know how hard this is gonna be
but if I know one thing I know that I am
the king of these try not to challenges
and nothing is gonna make me cringe
however there is one YouTube that I just
can't watch without cringing he's always
on my recommended videos he looks about
twelve I'm just praying I'm just praying
Ryan hasn't found this guy and I'm
praying isn't in the compilation because
if he is then I am in a a lot of trouble
anyway I say I stop wasting your time
and we get this video started leave a
like on the video down below if you're
excited
subscribe within you feel free to play
along and tell me how you do that rhymed
I'm quite proud of that but yeah let's
get started guys okay let's come on
let's let's get actually get started now
try not to cringe try not to cringe corn
water you got off me Ryan you you Big E
Big E big big you big guy
what you got for me okay here we go
trying to punch challenge I'm ready are
you guys ready I'm freakin ready let's
let's do it let's frickin do it actually
hold on guys I need to get my headphones
on editing right then here we go let's
get this started
I am ready I am NOT gonna pinch today
nothing is gonna make me cringe what is
this girl doing how she's got a minion
she does not look happy about that you
know how every time I see you is
anywhere I have a meltdown thank you
what's Oh No Oh No what is going on huh
she's not Cringer this is just this
isn't good I'd say this is more just sad
thinking gee I feel I feel bad for the
minion you know what next video Ryan
you're not gonna beat me with this come
on
I expect better of you bro
I can't believe what happened to me I
got hugged by a girl
inspirational I've never had that happen
well done Buddha she hugged me she
hugged him for two seconds bro that's
amazing I think I'd have been bad just
going on one of them buddy impossible
ultimate charms to cringe bontar just
right this is pathetic bro I expected
you to come in with some of the cringes
like terrible those all four videos ever
come on bro come on alright next video
Ryan let's see what you've got for me
this time oh is this what I think it is
is this what I think it is I don't is it
is Jacob freakin slob all this there we
go this is qualitative it all make up
with some sweatpants arse the new king
where my sweatshirt
this is Cringer oh man this is one
cringy video this on Ryan I'm starting
to lose patience here I asked you for
one task send me the cringe East videos
and you send me Jacob Sartorius he's a
legend his musics good so yeah this next
one better at least give me a freaking
challenge Ryan why have you sent me this
then oh she's smoking with him goals
goals goals
oh he's vaping honor this is cute right
man I don't know why I know if you've
sent me this this is absolute
relationshipgoals look at that look how
I smacked with a phone mrs.
relationshipgoals right here if you
think this isn't glad you're gold if you
think this is cringy I've done lost
cringe about this honestly hold on let
me check the taste did I send in the
right thing I said send me queen G
videos these aren't oh I've got down to
the last video on a sir I know guys I
don't know if I'm just too good for
these challenges but on to the last
video now hold on
why it was what's this then oh god it
was just so okay oh this is just you
know oh my god Oh Oh God Oh
y'see a skin flakes when the video
hasn't even started
what them what's this is this YouTube
the video doesn't even start yet why
you're asking for lies oh sure there's
all those things
Oh buddy Moo Moo's okay screw there's no
challenge you win I'm a loose rock I
don't care
