that's alright that's alright now with
this cookie do it ah hello guys and
welcome back to another video today
we're going to be taking on another
challenge this one is apparently an
impossible challenge so this one is
going to be interesting now you guys
know me I'm always up for a challenge
and I've been seeing so many youtubers
making 10-minute videos trying to spill
over a court essentially there is a cook
which apparently cannot be spilled yet
the cook the coffee spilled and I can't
even I don't even want to talk about how
many times I've had a diet coke and then
it just gets spilled over like halfway
through drink today that goes everywhere
so what we're going to be doing today is
testing out this court scene if it
really can't be spilled and seeing if I
can spill it because it is an impossible
challenge I want to be the one to do the
impossible
thank you should be located in student
release just a liquid in it they're not
sponsor not sponsoring this Morgan we
can't you can't trade everyone so yeah
we've got this random will drink over
here examine sponsored us so we're not
that we're not going to tell you why the
name this is like I'm linked to like
coca-cola so yeah and then as well as
that we've got this thing is going to be
look there we go oh man
oh it was at this moment that even it he
popped up well what is the word honey
glazed already bells I win we want to
challenge so I can see you guys the mug
that won't fall over can you see that as
I said this shouldn't fall over this is
the finally a big Morgan of course they
can't be spilled so I want to make you
guys a deal right now if I manage to
spill this cool you have you have to
leave a like on the video that's the
deal if I don't spill it feel free to
not leave a like okay I'm done kind of
regretting that now I need to spill this
because I need my life and also right
and if they've never seen my ugly face
on their screen before what should they
do Oh
come on I gotta get subscribers I gotta
get new subscribers it's no joke you hit
what I believe now okay I need money I
need money to Scarlett beam up people
you subscribers show your ads right
instead remember to subscribe if you are
new and yeah let's go on to spilling
this freaking cool this is actually
intimidating me a bit it's name isn't a
traditional stage name because that
would spawn to be a little not fun how
am i doing a video on a product with no
sponsor sure to be honest guys this is
kind of intimidating me the mug that
will fall over
you know if youtubers can make a 10
minute video just talking about this
then surely it's not going to be easy
but nevertheless let's get out the box
the cameraman is Comfort amount of
genres is going to give us another great
year he's going to give us a deal all
right stop tracking my kitchen sorry
okay here's the top he's big it rare
it's hard and it's so slowly syllable
there we go
the cup absolutely massive shot
also here is the core as you can see it
must've it raised in at wall it looks
solid just looking at this it looks like
and pretty solid cook so let's let's
grab its let's grab another normal blood
this is what I would usually put my diet
coke in in terms of look you know I mean
this is it looks like a kids toys
doesn't really but if it saves me from
spilling diet coke every wise and I'd be
willing to use this instead but firstly
the users like it's option cook to keep
it sort of stuck to the table and then
it has to actually get the liquid in or
whatever it's got this massive system at
the top it looks like it looks like more
than a mothballs get from Sports Direct
looks like what I was going to keep you
sleeping meat on a table close that's
what this actually looks like a flask
because the first thing we're going to
do guys is put some damage over here I
can see that's why we don't reach over
is it Oh
children I do a nice diet coke and
leaflet Fitness of organs action guys I
Charlotte all over the front I'm even
energy the full part that is instable
ton yet the little broad I did nothing
equipping an electron the actor she said
tighten down with yo guys it's now Alden
so I believe we're just gonna screw this
buck in like on out we okay there we go
okay I'm gonna clean this up guys give
me a minute well the splitter will cook
you say looks pitiful y'all are putting
a bit too much Diet Coke we actually
have ever predict around our God the God
scale of there we go so the first thing
we're going to do with these cups or
with this course is put it to the test
against this call we're going to put
them both near the edge of the table
give them open knock and see what
happens mom in advance I'm sorry I don't
know what we're going to get with the
mighty Lord you know I just gonna warm
it off give up you're not that's alright
now with this color
well I mean it survived the first test
giving hilarious and like the
light-hearted normal glasses it
unfillable my throat on the floor more
guys everything is out being possible
pocket look you hit that like 50 times
it's not good enough over it's
impossible
how am I am I give it my all all I'm
going to give it my ass blow everything
here we go boys like we thought but it's
not a fable Mulder you failed the
Charlie and cheese it is impossible it
listen to this name I can't fail another
challenge grant I cannot fail
another challenge were you drinking I
can't fail another challenge okay
there's only one thing in the line right
now I'm going to spin little squabbles
honestly Ryan I didn't want to have to
do this but tell you an impossible man I
have no choice I tried to do in the fun
way by getting I tried we grill our
women enjoys a of which not a
scientist organism we know that this
cook can't be pushed but I have other
plans
what what what man you didn't tell me it
was fun yeah cause Ryan you're not ready
to see what's about to happen you're not
ready to see the impossible spilling
cups you're not ready to see the
unfillable cup get filled
Ryan are you ready to witness the
spilling of young still immortal it's
about passing
oh my god if yours doesn't give you
they'll remember to subscribe the mogees
scanner I don't forget to leave a like
if you have a big thank the word reset
out
