you're okay Morgan I've got a big
package for you Oh give it to me give it
to you it says fragile mom that wasn't
fragile welcome you told me to pass it
to you what you expect me to the moon
girls hello guys and welcome back to
another video mum say hi hi mumble you
said say hi mom I don't know just said
boom say hi hi okay
today we have a very interesting video
because of the items contained in this
freaking huge box
they say fragile on it but okay why are
you doing that's fragile of amania Oh so
if yes why it's only round so if you
excited for this video remember to leave
a like down below mom since you usually
get them to leave a good amount of likes
mom how many likes should we smash on
this video 25,000 25,000 you know what
26,000 I don't care okay we'll stop at
29 okay
29,000 wise guys if you're excited to
see what's inside this box and also
remember to subscribe down below if
you're new to the channel because we got
some exciting stuff coming up boys it's
a it's gonna be good
hang girls and girls you can't you can't
leave out the girls so you may be asking
the bold and what's in the box that's
gonna remain a secret until we get this
now of the box I haven't even told my
own mom she asked me what are we gonna
be filming today Morgan and I said wait
and see because it's gonna be frickin
madness I want to do all to get the
reveal at the same time Jesus
what are you doing well what are you
doing just film that was just good
filming the video but just what are you
doing I'm just making friends are you
sure about that do you know what to make
this all bit more exciting I'm gonna let
you open the box I'm giving you a big
big privilege chair you know this is
this is an exciting moment so mum take
the box and show them what is inside but
obviously she doesn't even know guys I
can't lie about this I didn't even tell
her mom just a word please what can i -
hold on hold on
you look like you could use a hand oh
that's so much better
you put the Box down on the table oh my
word what is this I'm so excited
that sounds so scripted and force
there's more only but there's different
things in here I've got no idea really
seriously got no idea what this is at oh
I know what this is oh my god vitamin-a
pain go away I wasn't aware that all
this stuff was gonna be in here what do
we even do with this fire let's keep
that for we could actually use that for
something useful in here we have a bunch
of different chocolate items and I'm
Anna Anna tell you about them give me a
minute we can read these my mum when do
your diets ever work I'm sorry sorry
sorry sorry so this box was fragile but
now we got the stuff out of it it ain't
fragile anymore look at this like who
doesn't want a cheaper bubble wrap mom
do you know what's coming yeah I think
you
okay okay guys so basically what these
are they're freaking chocolate they're
supposed to look like
other stuff like these are literally
chocolate but they don't look like it
guys you don't believe me take a look at
this something is that a chocolate
wasn't that one in your hand yeah it
looks real oh well let's take a look at
the first one today chocolate lightbulb
okay this literally this is screwing in
you are joking
look at that look and I give them give
them a close-up on that this is just a
light bulb that I just took out of that
Wow love you line okay so how about we
have a freaking bite of the light Oh
David plan that joke out guys I promise
which mission we have first the light
bulb or the socket let's go football
chocolate I want to get a big buy on
this thing hold on look up it's not much
of a bloody lie anymore is it
I want to bear that I want to be at the
bottom bear the light bond on I'll give
you your putts on this one you can try
the next one so the light bulb was done
and you know it was pretty nice but the
next bear chop that we're gonna try and
be like mom do that on a show than their
these are freaking scissors mama mom
what are you gonna do with them I cut
something yeah cool your hair this is a
hair tutorial Oh No
you might try tell me what it tastes
like which sugar for this end Oh mmm
rekt now I won't give my turn
open your mouths let me give me now
that's dark chocolate it's nice
looks like the diet has gone out the
window but you know these are pretty
good so I'll give the diet a pass but
it's a cheap name it's a cheat day also
in this part there's a bunch of these
which are freaking like nuts and bolts
so just don't try on just just try it
all of it yeah get out of the way
is it good nice nice next bit of
chocolate the whole look at this they
should have fit like like that but whose
faults that oh damn it
but it's your fault because you started
banging in the box and you'd screw
around it please you can have the walk
out of the nice top bit okay
you can't the walk for breaking it was
that nice yeah is it good
I'm a time of cringy nice also in this
box there was a horseshoe but guess what
happened to it mom oh it freakin broke a
brick and broke but yeah
horseshoe get your hand away you know
you don't deserve it you broke it
oh hey I was just uh fixing my mini
fridge there's a few bolts that come
loose this is freaking chalkboard what
the wine shop yeah nice gloomy weather
from outside your know Chris don't like
this boy don't like this me no I think
so I can't believe you done this okay
well the top of it in my mouth well as
you can tell which made you want you
want that man take that a bit up the
better beer what do you reckon then is
this one
bad feedback about my mom what you
reckon yeah stop closing in on me well
guys that was eating chocolate for ten
minutes you just watched me eat
chocolate for ten minutes
how do what is your life you what is
your life no that's harsh I'm sorry I'm
sorry you've stayed till the end so
you're watching this right now you
literally if you're if you're watching
me right now I love you
you are a two-team more supporter and if
you're watching this right now me and
mom what do we want what do we like a
mom do we love them we love them thank
you guys so much for staying til the end
of the video if you have stayed to the
end then you may as well leave a light
you've watched all of it
show some respect and leave a like no
for real guys if you watch there you're
a legend we love you all thank you so
much for being an active supporter and
if you watching me right now still even
right now on the out show that shows
that you are a to button and achoo
supporter remember to subscribe if
you're new you've watched the whole
video you may as well leave a like and
subscribe before you go and also turn on
the notifications click the little bell
because then you'll be notified when I
upload and you can get there early
because who wouldn't want to get there
early I'm all right
inspecting your say something there mum
oh sorry
well thank you to mom she obviously
recorded I better lay me down she she
took part she had some chocolate I think
she's on a diet so well done I guess you
broke your diet for me for my video show
yet guys once again thank you so much
for watching this video leave a like
subscribe and also turn on the
notifications so guys I've been Moses
mum she has been morgues and we'll see
you in the next video peace out
imagine work peace out if you enjoyed
the video then remember to subscribe to
mug this channel and don't forget to
leave a like
don't stand Oh mmm mom mom stop in the
chocolate
