when you thought 2017 couldn't get any
worse this happens more but penguin is
shutting down what about my purple
Oliver by igloo and with that cringey
intro out of the way let's get this
video hello guys and welcome back to
another video and today I don't even
know how to start this video guys today
we have a video about Club Penguin and
not in a good way either I don't know if
you've heard the news but Club Penguin
is shutting down it's going legit they
are getting rid of the game they're
abandoning it they're switching onto a
different platform guys Club Penguin is
dying and to put it lightly the internet
is I'm not happy about it
Disney's massively multiplayer online
game Club Penguin a my children will be
terminated due to weak traffic on March
29 freaking Disney for pussies honestly
the amount of time I used to spend on
Club Penguin was outrageous it was my
favorite game everybody played go
penguin if you didn't play Club Penguin
I don't know what what is wrong with you
but yeah guys when life gives you
oranges you got it you got to make juice
so today what we're gonna be doing is
playing Club Penguin and having a
barefoot on it before it shuts down to
be honest lads I play my little sports
and I go he's terminating the game like
what a dick ah these jokes are so cringy
no seriously guys what I want you to do
is leave a like on this video if you
ever caught a bad bad bat I can't speak
what am i doing
let's try that again what one guys to do
is leave a like on this video if you
ever play Club Penguin I'm not sure did
a lot you guys play it I assume a lot of
you will have done but just hit the live
on download you ever played Club Penguin
and let's try and get 30,000 likes as
well as that remember to check the
description below from other social
medias and all that good stuff let's get
started woo hello penguins the clapping
on virtual world would be closing on
March 20 home lovely okay here we go
create a penguin let's do this honestly
I was a member on this for like a year
and then I know where my dad shut down
my account and honestly that was like
the worst time of my life I'm neither
Nate
okay what color do we choose I'm
thinking we go with a nice pink creates
a penguin name okay how about logs is
the best Oh No there's a character limit
how about logs is not twelve yeah mogs
is not twelve because I'm not 12
I'm 15 all right believe it or not your
parents email your parents email your
parents email hello hi mom what's your
email yeah I need my parent email for
Club Penguin Club Penguin Club Penguin
is my favorite game and I'm gonna make
an account I'm making a new penguin and
I need my parents email because I'm not
old enough to have a Club Penguin
account yet so kind of you email could
you texted me Morgan I just don't sit
you're old enough to ask up penguin if
you teach Oh mom please please mom
quickly it sounds what is it it's a
phony
GZA fun child game please just let me
have my child no Morgan if you need your
parents constantly car ah guys good guys
Shh I'm about to be really really
naughty and use my own email rebel I
pick the igloo guys this is Jackie I
think it's is it that one no it's
definitely that one yeah we're good
Oh Inc what the bullet are there's
clearly that one whoa
this is outrageous okay guys I think
I've done it yay correct genius okay
here we are penguin activated we're now
entering the club penguin world
oh here we go your suggested service
let's go on to Blizzard whoa oh damn
okay I forgot about my headphones lives
my god me computers being a bit lying he
also with this boys we've made it into
the good old clothes shop I think we're
gonna get some sort of award I don't
know I get it though I okay screw this
let's cut to the chase does anyone here
know the YouTube
dogs okay see if any of these fellow
penguins know me if no one replies this
will be very embarrassing but you know
they probably won't oh okay
no one mystified anyone no more I'm
gonna give this one more try and if no
one replies I'm off I'm leaving my
freaking clothing shop anyone know MiG's
I'm out no one knows me this is really
bad for the self-confidence right now
I'm very very hurt all right there's a
lot of people here so surely some people
got to know me okay there we go the
bubbles of the questions been said
they're not shows penguins are recruited
can I be a nacho penguin I've absolutely
no clue what's going on right now but
it's I don't know I'm gonna join me I'm
gonna try and make some friends banjo
igloo let's do it
igloo time baby swear cuz I haven't got
a membership I can't literally can't do
anything to my igloo I swear that's the
case yeah quite reward table boys making
moves in the ER in the penguin world I
remember I'm not even joking guys this
one he percent legit back in the day
there was this like hack where like gave
you free money and I think at the
website was like Club Penguin Lodge or
something like that like an actual coin
generator and I legit like figured it
out and did it and I've got like so much
money on here I remember I was so gasps
I don't know how I remember that but I
actually like this I'm not even joking
like I genuinely had Club Penguin when I
was younger
she's quite funny to be honest that's
where you can't get a puffle either
because I'm gone buddy account then
again while again account now when the
booty games shutting down I'd be like
the worst decision ever imagine some dad
like bias a kid like on one-year
membership to Club Penguin and then
figures how it shouldn't help boys I
tell you what a lot of change since I
last played let's go to the iceberg
because I swear
oh it's currently full mom I'm playing
Club Penguin
no I am yeah but you know in that
complain clubpenguin about your
permission house oh oh oh oh you smell
boy no new eulogists the war mum out
mommy's not worn with desk mom you're
not totally glass of water bring the
towel remember that glass I bought at
the start for the freaking fake tears
she's I'm so pissed right now
sweat mom not a bad decision you know
I'm gonna get you back for that hundred
percent you're I'm getting you back for
them okay where should we go where
should we go I want to do whatever I
want to do a bit of skiing on the ski
hill I remember like the activities used
to be so much fun
sled race let's do it okay would you
like to join the sled race yeah but like
it's gonna be unfair to these other
people because I'm gonna win okay this
is incredibly lucky I'm the pink one
guys Oh No Oh taken out unless I think
yeah this ain't going too well is it
like oh no oh dear come on penguin
that's it that's it that's it that's it
oh I'm on a roll Malone Oh guys look at
the map on the top right I'm last by an
absolute mile this is terrible
oh this is embarrassing all right there
we go whoo last place yes I even got
five coins guys a whopping 500 I some
stuff I got a Pokemon hat
sweet okay yeah there we go oh this is
nice there's no one in here though some
i'ma find a different one hi come on
someone talk to me please
I just want to make a friend anyone
wanna be my friend a few moments later
do you want to be their friend anyway
let's do a bet let's do about a buddy
card-jitsu who's ready to play then
let's play this guy I want to earn my
belt I'm challenged for buddy sensitive
usually people always staff with fire so
I'm gonna go with water
see watch oh okay maybe the guys got the
same mentality of me
I think he's gonna try outsmart me again
I think he's gonna go snow so i'ma go
fire Oh wanna tell you these guys are
like 5 years old I got this boys I got
this I think i'ma go water i'ma go water
Oh
Oh clear yeah okay I think he's gonna go
fire now you only wait II won oh I meant
I click the wrong one
ah damn it I predicted what was gonna go
by click the wrong one ok I'm have to go
for this water because this one looks
like very flashy and I like it let's do
it
oh no don't I'm come back into it now oh
no no way hold on go in oh I won yes
whoo
there we go easy win I want to get the
mine I remember the mindset for can't
surf the thing that used to be falling
let's do it kart surfer there you go
this year this was much that I was good
at this back in the day I don't know my
computer is kind of laggy so if I lose
I'm going to blame on the live what Oh
God had died already oh it's just harder
than I remembered
oh she's hard I don't like this ok a
slight slip up but you saw I saw I got
this I got ah screw this game I'm out
it's all the like all the computers
fault coins earned 1 well you know well
thank you for that please come on
someone's got to someone's got to know
me please one person ah she's coming
back what are you doing now what you
doing Willy where's well just say is the
busiest place cuz I'm going to go to the
busiest place and then ask people if
they know more because I want to at
least one person I can we got two others
here no mugs from YouTube surely someone
oh this is bad no one knows me I'm out
of here I'm out of this freaking ice
skating thing last chai if no one
answers this time that I'm off I'm
freakin leaving this game anyone know
morgg's from YouTube a few moments later
I'm glad called penguin shutting down it
was bad it was terrible anyway
well guys in conclusion apparently
everyone that plays Club Penguin doesn't
watch YouTube or everyone on Club
Penguin hates me so you know what I
don't even carry this getting shut down
guys if you've enjoyed the video
remember to leave a like down below also
subscribe to my channel if you are new
and
so frequently in the mail and I don't
know if you've noticed I really really
hope you enjoyed the content and also
check my other social media Twitter
Instagram and snapchat all links in the
description below and turn on my
notifications guys that's it as always
I've been mold you guys been awesome and
I'll see you in my next video peace out
if you enjoyed the video then remember
to subscribe to mug this channel and
don't forget to leave a like if you have
a big penis thanks for watching peace
out output
