hi guys so today we're going to be doing
something really special
I've got famous youtuber mork's mobile
number somebody friend of his passed it
on to me pile of logs is my favorite
youtuber ever is so funny and so happy
and gay I'm going to give him a call and
I'm gonna see if I can get through and
asking a few questions
fingers crossed it's ringing its ringing
its ringing at my god hello is that is
that logs is that more to the youtuber
oh oh hold oh my gosh I'm so excited to
have got through to you
is it really you logs ma more logs oh
gosh I hope you don't mind me calling
I'm your number one fan
oh no I just wanted to ring and sow much
I like your videos
mom have you been drinking again
seriously also weird what's doing up
speed smokes go away go away sorry about
that
MOOCs are you still there MA oh it's
gone oh so there's been a new trend at
the moment that's been going round it's
been going around for a little while but
yes basically these videos you've
probably seen them in you recommended
calling and then a youtuber oh my god he
actually understood they've been all
over my recommended essentially what
these videos are is where people call up
a youtuber call or a youtuber and yet
basically they answer they are they
answer and yeah I've been seeing loads
of these being done on me and I've
watched a few of them and they are
really really funny I definitely wanted
to do a video on it so yeah basically
what I'm gonna be doing today is
watching a ton of videos from people out
there they've called up morgues and
seeing if they've actually called up
morgues quick spoiler they haven't but
yeah guys I do just want to quickly say
a lot of these guys are supporters of me
and what I do videos and both them said
that they did a lot my content so please
don't go send hey over to anyone in this
video because at the end of the day
that's not helping anymore I'm a live
action to them because I think they're
gonna be really really funny that you
guys should find them funny but yeah
basically what I'm gonna do I'm gonna go
onto my computer and I'm gonna find some
of these videos where people call me
let's see if they they actually call me
by the way guys if we smash seven likes
I'll call spider-man and also subscribe
if you want me to call the Easter Bunny
okay then calling mugs let's see there
you go : mugs : bonds the youtuber let's
see what we got 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
yeah we got we got a lot of them and I
can see these
my joke some of these guys again
freaking big amounts of use like this is
pretty freakin serious this is a big
trend okay this one's got gone wrong in
the title so is clearly a taking some
tips from the pro yo so how you feel the
other day okay stop
I didn't quite Rhydian I rushed him
actually like this guy or any it was the
day I be trying to rig in some marks
just to clarify
it's just morgues now let's know it so
it can't get con get confused as no it's
don't wanna hear it smalls ever again
well she's easy YouTube with around
700,000 subscribe I'm only seven hundred
thousand to me I think this is my cue to
walk off cam right now yeah this season
for you Tuesday night and I'm spending
my time scrolling down a youtubers
comment section to find fucking phone
numbers well mate is decided I for me
right now and I'm spending my time
reacting to a youtuber scrolling through
Twitter and Instagram to bind comments
on a Tuesday night that was way too
confusing muttski watching this ah that
just is me looks like this is a legit
one guys he found my number that is the
big boys we did well one video down zero
ancestral morgues did recently had 1
billion subscribers it is an absolutely
huge milestone to Morgan
if you ever seen this for the huge
congratulations you do I did acting like
the forgive are you marking mortgage do
not pet on the deciding ticket don't you
fine yeah I don't get paid that much for
YouTube simorgh
you better pick up room hazel is leaning
like Morris what are you what okay this
not to take a lot of my own reward
you better I see on seer you know I
would be sorry baby but I think you made
it back off the video so you know I
think you're all right moves gives me
nothing more like eat is a good way okay
they are be as no machala absolutely
ages
Monica you're somebody's I expect that
Morris it is that you young guys look
we're top Morgan's more guys more into
all night oh my god you I was just
called to say your son's an absolute
legend I was actually hoping to speak to
Morgan himself but I guess you're really
awesome to consider you actually put
Morgan and mousse office oh my god what
if it is working too late and I want to
be gradually and really music I just
winded you do he pulls up oh my god you
can hear the background music when you
play my mom spawns that's funny
I'm I realize pretty fast pretty funny
know what that physics it smokes
nah nah
this is my home again just to clarify
but I wasn't my dad doesn't really sound
anything like my dad either that's the
speed video zero calls to morgues but
the quest continues will any of the
titles actually match the video the
quest continues will anyone actually
call morgues saying it like I don't
already know the answer no they won't
no one's called me har mods you just bit
not Allah so I cannot become YouTube
hell up
what you just said
yes I mean when you when you talk about
you know top quality at it can you
actually hear me as I'm about to say
guys like for God's sake he only helps
you in order to do this if you look
through his Instagram through photos and
people comment numbers say like this
even won't know that guy's if you honor
if you want to see more number go on to
my Instagram more whitey and close to
200 K followers on their mold whitey
Instagram in the description click the
link or just do it with on your phone
without clicking the link molds why do
you guys if you go there look at the
comments on this guy says you can see my
phone number so go there and then follow
me while you're after ya smile actually
all any of these videos are is just
people just sad like this just like
calling random people for like like 5
minutes like I don't even know what I'm
supposed to react to here phone sounds
Wow interesting cut is he gonna answer
this time good answer I like it I like
the freaking infuse out I like the
belief is you smoke you smoke - no I
think about other wrong number I think
my up to 5 videos down I've lost count
basically yeah I think you guys get what
this is kind of becoming isn't it's
basically just bunch of people calling
random people and then saying it's me I
guess but I will make a deal with you
guys if this video gets 10,000 lights
which this video will literally have to
go viral to get 10,000 likes I will
actually leak morons number and tell you
guys what horns number actually Jesus
but it don't about my knowing but I
don't want the hook yo Morgan Morgan
fuck bro
what's up yo dude I'm actually such it
you just want me to and I was drinking
so excited for oh I'm scared but hey oh
you know I thought boy I was pretty good
at it and I did some car real he didn't
answer he didn't answer
he pretty hung up and that is usually a
nice edited yo at the end Blamire
got them two views in it so I mean
they're not they're not complaining
literally any fairly large youtuber will
have like so many video either people
call in them what should I say calling
them I imagine some of you guys already
seen some of the videos about calling
mugs because that will happens is
because it's got like mold in the tile
or whatever or the YouTube in the tile
he'll gain all the suggested on my minor
on the youtubers freaking natural videos
and then like all my subscribers will
see the video and ice that's kind of the
way it works but yeah well I'm not
running about them right and at the end
of the day it's just a bit of fun this
video is just a bit of fun but yeah guys
what I want to know is should I call
Bruno and see for UCP answers you know I
will not be happy until I see a calling
proven over deal oh my god II actually
answer come on
is she going to end sure oh it's mom
Oh
GRE answer that and put on the title to
get those views oh yeah guys what want
to do real quick is told you about
something this is fairly important now a
lot of you may have heard recently about
how YouTube hasn't been sending some
youtubers videos out to the subscription
box which is where a lot of you guys
watch my videos from now at the moment
this for me has been going absolutely
terrible out of my last six videos free
of them has gone out successfully
now there's one way that you can stop
this that's like turning on my
notifications basically what that will
do is I'll give you a notification
through when I upload so y'all make sure
you they rise this year because I know
what you guys will be sub to loads of
people so it's really easy to miss and
not learn from me in your subscription
box that's fine and as well as like my
video don't even go into your
subscription box and unless you check my
tag channel like all the time you're
gonna see if my videos are you so be
sure to turn on my notifications I'm
gonna be walking you through right now
how you can do it
so if you're on the phone go to my
channel and click the little bell now
the little bell your clicker he'll say
like do you want a channel notification
click yes and then what I'll do is when
it load it'll give you a notification
straight to your phone if you're like a
PC or laptop it's a fairly similar
procedure you just click the tiny little
bell they'll be buy a subscription box
on computer you basically click that
till no notifications then you ain't
gonna miss any Malu so you can be like
in the top 1,000 viewers so yeah
tournament notifications guys that's
really all the one to say but yeah this
is where I'm gonna end the video so if
you've enjoyed remember to leave a like
if we could shoot for 7 likes that'd be
amazing it's a freaking massive goal I
don't know if we can do it but yes seven
whole lives would be amazing also add my
other social medias as always the links
that will take you to the other social
medias Twitter snapchat and Instagram
are in the description below remember to
subscribe if you are new as always I've
been bored you guys
awesome and I'll see you in my next
video peace out if you enjoyed the video
then remember to subscribe to Margie's
channel and don't forget to leave a like
if you have a 15 haha thanks for
watching please a happy
