look like a chance mr. Lopez
what are you doing this my Mako are you
doing what do you do what you gym with
my mate oh I was just pushing my nails
okay okay so this video is a reupload as
I'm sure some of you may have already
realized the reason I'm reloading it is
because the first time I rode it it
didn't go out to basically any of my
subscribers sub boxes and because I feel
like this is one of my best videos ever
I wanted to make sure all you guys are
seeing it also remember to turn on my
notifications down below by clicking the
little bell now I mean that y'all get a
notification when they upload to stop
things like this happening again well
that's about all I wanted to say so I
hope you guys are all excited for the
video because trust me it's a good one I
am about to make probably the worst
decision of my life from your movie the
one the hell she's gonna support you I'm
gonna make you look beautiful so about
an hour ago I tweeted out asked if you
guys want to see her do my makeup no mom
do my makeup the response I got
basically all you guys said yes so here
we are and she is gonna do mom is gonna
do my makeup
but you better make it was so basically
guys she didn't know was gonna say this
but yeah if this video reaches 50,000
likes then I I'm gonna do her makeup oh
my god probably the bed in my hands with
somebody comments I see about your
makeup yeah I'm not looking forward to
this you got the you do it required just
to clarify this seems like an
appropriate type is that I don't wear
makeup guys what time is that here with
you mom you were dyed my hair pink this
time we doing my makeup do we do it
should we do it should we stop what
we're doing anything natural mom
honestly get the makeup put it on my
face I don't even care guys
why don't I do I'm gonna get the screen
on the camera that I'm looking at right
now and I'm gonna flip it around the
back I've got no way you've seen what
this looks like no single mirror in the
kitchen nothing guys I'm gonna let her
do it for me so if she does it well or
not I will not know until after the
video mommy you ready ready 50,000 likes
I'll do her freakin make up as a bear
avenge guys you better smash the light
bulb because that would be absolutely
hilarious but yeah let me move round the
back I now officially have absolutely no
freaking way of seeing what's about to
go down this isn't you I don't never
used this so I'm just gonna put a nice
oh thank you no girl would have to do
this every single day the one I'm gonna
do it step blends in let's get some
cobble and over that but I'm just gonna
dip it we're gonna do it quite quick so
I'm gonna do it Roberta record so if
it's a nice color
let me look again it blends in with your
skin tone it's looking natural yeah so
you want it to be natural we're going
after the larva yeah
Wow let's just blend with it now because
we're going anywhere gonna blend and go
sleep cause if she doesn't go to me
maybe I look better than usual maybe
I'll turn into one of the one of the
makeup channel and just you know take it
from there
hey I could get a makeup channel B now
let's just apply this what is your
makeup gel form a double what we've done
now is we've put a nice foundation on
with blended smoothly even just skin
tone looks real nice
no it blends in so if you've even my
skin tones does that mean you've gone to
my red cheese yeah you drank brown now
sweetie
give me some of those I'm just gonna go
bit more Brown on your cheeks there
looks I think you concur I think your
skin can take care
we've got nice and evenly spreaded
looking beautiful
I'm getting on a close-up they probably
can't even tell Morgan that you've got
makeup on all the girls are there the
the 22% now yeah how are you doing looks
so natural so much power girl
and this'll just blend it all in
well when you see the results Morgan
you're probably gonna want me to do this
for you every day
I can't believe that nice she likes it
believe it that now poisoning so we're
gonna put a tiny bit on and you'll not
even know this is also we're doing
natural yeah it's only the bit that
people do this they put a bit there and
they put a bit there on the nose
yeah there you go
oh sorry jabbing me this is a natural
when you go out at night so love this is
the love that I favor when I go out are
you feeling about the sea feeling happy
and okay realize it's a bit me
powerfully opinion evidence well that's
it that's it as if we couldn't get
across to you maybe let's look a bit
bigger oh yeah I want to look like you
Kylie Kylie Jenner if you want that
color all that one will do it
oh my god seriously what why do my
makeup Morgan you just never satisfied
everything I do is for you too much on
the lid a bit too
the call is enough little natural you
feel like you've blended mom what but
seriously what why yo Missy I reckon a
smaller stories God we just tell Imams
do you make up I really don't like
Marvel if your mom needs glasses make
put glasses on before she doesn't main
cook this is genuinely gonna take like
five showers again you please make wives
I'm just British speech tops on your
lips yeah but you know even moving your
legs what look at these smudge in on the
I put my glasses on when I can speed
better my you still see my red cheeks
out through all of this guy I've done
guys if you've enjoyed leave a like
50,000 likes and mom's face it's gonna
get make up by the hands of more guys
please help 50,000 likes that face is I
mean he's already got some on it right
now but that face is gonna get destroyed
by her own makeup guys fifty thousand
wives and if you want to see more a
mom's makeup channel leave a like yeah
Thomas Chapman the social media
subscribe to the channel if you're new
and as always I've been balls
she's been wrong you guys been awesome
and I'll see you in the next video if
you haven't already left my channel
because this is just outrageous guys
peace out if you enjoyed the video then
remember to subscribe to mug this
channel and don't forget to leave a like
if you have a big penis
thanks for watching peace out
