Kyra's idea no I think it is oh I love
you so much baby now in case you can't
tell already I'm not exactly the
romantic type my idea of being romantic
is like remembering to push the toiler I
probably say I'm one of the least
romantic people in the world there's a
first for everything so today I'm going
to be traveling across the entire UK to
surprise my girlfriend Kara Bridget in
case you guys don't know Kara was just
in LA and I couldn't go with her I've
been really missing her guys and I think
she's been missing me hopefully and she
kept asking me Morgan could you please
come and see me as soon as I'm back and
today I'm gonna be doing exactly that I
told her last night just before she flew
on the plane that I'm not gonna be able
to see her for about a week because I've
got a lot of work to do well does she
know as soon as she gets out from the
airport is gonna be there I'm not sure
if that's a good thing or not today I'm
going on a romantic trip to go and
surprise Karen and what's the surprise
well me I'm going to surprise you at the
airport of course you're the surprise Oh
God I'm gonna be footie Morgan but Keira
might not want to see you I know if it
was me and you've turned up I feel like
really disappointed I like try to get
away from you all the time should I
maybe buy a present then just in case
buy some chocolates and flowers at Teddy
and you aren't back some shoes a coat a
hat a pop P and this should probably be
at least to see you so Martin I'm going
to surprise Keira at the airport
mom didn't like the idea but obviously
you're quite a romantic person so what
do you think but this is my destiny I
was born to do this
I will
I'm sure five da I embarked on my quest
to become romantic
and macabre thank you the first obstacle
I was met with was a two-hour journey
into London which as you can tell I
enjoy I decided to use the train journey
to further prepare myself for the quest
ahead by performing one of the most
intense sports and known to mankind
bottle flipping and as you can tell it
didn't really go to to plan well did I
know my bottle foot bail is foreshadowed
what was coming off my plan going into
this quest was to message Cara's best
friend who was with her on the trip and
get all the information I needed to know
from her however while on the train I
realized that she was not reliable and
she told me the wrong time the flight
was arriving so I was now when I finally
arrived with nothing but energy surging
through my veins I decided to take my
mom's advice and buy Kira again and
coming in at the 120 pound price tag I
knew for certain there was no way she
wouldn't be excited at that and then let
talk with manager Jack who was going to
be the cameraman aka third wheel and
here is when it all went a little bit
past shape seeing as Kira's present
totals the wrong time we had to run from
train to train getting to the airport a
while me and Jack sprinted through the
Apple all my worst nightmares came to
life both of my credit cards fell out my
pockets like the noble warrior he is
Jack decided to stay behind in search
for the cards but no amount of money was
going to distract me from the true quest
I had a head iMessage Cara's friend and
asked her to stall Cara for as long as
possible as I was sprinting through the
searching and finally this was it I
spotted them in the distance and it was
time to surprise
Kira hi
hi hey baby
you go my whole beer
hey you came here yeah are you happy
yeah yeah
are you okay
guys I think she's happening you're
happy
you have a I did I was texting you and
everything saying you know I can't make
it but I could she gonna compromise me
and then and I was like no he's too lazy
just in case you were not happy to see
me
I've been present and I bought the hotel
are you more happy now presence
she's definitely got more happy when I
said presence curious is that you know I
think is hey hey I think is oh I know
you so much baby
was this a success yes and you haven't
even seen the present yeah I got your
boo no I didn't do that I don't want you
guys I think this worked we got there in
the end did early actually stall here we
see oh my god imagine that portrait if
we bought that out surprise care with a
gift and I'll make up so far on my quest
to become romantic I've sweated all over
my girlfriend lost both of my car
sponsor before I lost my cards I did
make a little purchase just in case you
weren't happy to see me I knew one thing
you would be happy to see would be a
gift so yeah I told the guy yeah the bag
dollar of it cush is exciting it was
supposed to be give props book it's
inside of all smelly your good boy your
good boy day too
oh hi guys the next day right now
don't I always do no important no as you
guys can see me Kara left the room in
absolutely prime condition however guys
my quest to become a romantic is not
over yet because Kara is coming back to
the crib right now and it's gonna be a
double surprise because we are gonna
surprise mom and I haven't told her
and will she be proud of me will she be
happy I finally got romantic let's find
out a few moments later okay so we're
back home right now and honestly I've
said such a good talk more than I carry
at home how was the surprise oh yeah no
it was really great was really happy to
see him I didn't expect him to Compson
yep really
why oh that makes sense
oh no yeah but I like you first
personality too I guess it's nice the
present was Kiptyn I'm talking about
gifts seeing us that's all care seems to
be interested in I've got a gift for you
care for you
I'm super Kara I can't breathe
no mold and I'm taking it off they've
gotta be honest I yeah yeah there you go
no but there's no perfect it's just the
hood guys I've been asking you over the
past few videos which is your favor of
these hoodies I literally like 75% of
you said the gold embroidered shiny
signature hoodie and and obviously the
next step is to launch them and I have
the official launch day I'm going to
announce it right now Saturday the 14th
of July where's the sin about two weeks
baby
New Moon is our Saturday the 14th of
July market in the calendars save up
your money held your parents they have
to copy this mug it's out in two weeks
you've all got time to prepare get ready
guys
I've been boat you guys been awesome and
I'll see you in the next minute minute
video peace out
