mom also with you
you've been drinking again
chokeslam
Baker
oh don't look yeah
okay down
oh hello guys and welcome back to
another video and today as you can tell
I'm joined by my mom and what we're
going to be doing is playing a little
bit of WWE 2k 17 moments have you ever
played this game no never I don't know
what it is basically this game is a
wrestling game I played it once before
my channel and you guys all said you
wanted me to do one with my mum so
that's what we're gonna be doing today
w/e versus my mum basically guys not
long ago I went down to London to film
some gifts with Playstation now mom do
you know what differs let me show you
guys a few gifts
you know the I use them in my faithful
messenger installed so yeah why actually
different that went down to London to
film my own gifts with Playstation it
was so cool in like a green screen room
and everything I show you guys a little
bit of footage right now and also guys
are fucked up if you check the
description down below there'll be a
competition involved in a giveaway if
you want more details they'll be the end
of the video oh yeah guys I'm going to
be using my gifts throughout the video
and it was really really fun creating
them fuck
but now what we're gonna be doing is
playing a little bit of we2 k72 let's
get started you know like as well
no that's Brock Lesnar is it is big and
just before we start guys mom how many
likes should they smash on this video oh
my god I think oh let's say hot target
let's do it let's do it a million a
million million million yeah let's go
for it okay so I'm on the first stage
you're gonna go one on one
what much should we do how does how does
Hell in a Cell say yeah yeah yeah yeah
Hell in a Cell 3 I was gonna pick that
one that's so weird guys she's player 1
and player 2 should we do a woman's
match first yeah okay Camela got a real
name carmella
nothing really woman yeah we'd all be a
one with one dimana more than just not
in a while I'm gonna be a I'm gonna be
Sasha banks that's you oh here we go
first ever double rematch here we go
oh you reverse that nice warm I'm just
pressing anything up in one we win we're
also doing well I'm just pressing
anything Morgan there's no locking our
universe together
oh did you spin off the top row what's
your step okay
oh how you doing well oh yeah it's yes
yeah sure Oh give me all that hello Joe
give the pin give the pin one tip yeah
yeah
that's your I know idea
oh that's right you don't many
submission you go into submission
you got to join oh you did - one - yeah
how about this I'd be the worst person
in the game you be the best in the game
so you're Brock Lesnar right I'm gonna
be Curtis axle your 95 rated and I'm 68
raised - okay
I'm the worst in the game you're the
best in the game so you're gonna get a
thrashing yeah we'll see about that
a few moments later yeah every moment
we're gonna get caught out get in the
ring go get Oh throw you back into the
ring
no coming to the ring that's it I'm just
one I'm just one I'm just one I think it
is away and Heath I like that oh I just
beat you
let's do a six-man match I'm gonna be my
mother now I'm John Cena you can be
earthquake I've never used this guy
before oh my god is massive your fight
shaming you fat shaming there's you oh
god oh my god my god my Sigma Kappa km
oh oh oh yes see that
Oh anymore first person to do a pin like
gap in wins the match
really oh if you get pinned I'll lose
basically so I got in a way I want to
beat you but I don't want you to lose at
the same time
oh I'm on you I'm on you oh you just got
through announcer are you ready for this
I've got my signature move I'm gonna
sing for you oh oh oh I don't know what
that was that Sousa don't know that move
walls I've never seen that before but
whatever it was still good oh yeah yeah
yeah yeah hey I don't know
don't go in the ring sit on him sit on
him
Oh Finn Balor male star go oh is that it
my guys down Oh got the hang of it now
concerning Phangan baingan Magnum Magnum
oh Jesus
Oh Oh No what's your Marines doing oh no
oh no oh oh I'm gonna be my main pin my
wings come on come on come on Oh kiddo
hey hey hey hey you get delivered
delivered a big pin pin pin
what then good one Joe Oh Kevin I poke
your Kevin oh oh look at me look at me
look at me all right
Johnny's going to rub elbows Sean Penn
this is it this is gonna be eight one
don't move making cinema guys spin it
again one two
he's gone and done it boys it's all
freakin over you got less okay I know a
lot of you guys are probably really
confused right now mugs why does your
hair turn pink basically I'm recording
this back at the time when my hair was
pink you may have seen all the videos
about me turning my hair pink but yeah
what I want to do is taught you guys
about a competition that I'm doing it's
gonna be a PlayStation related giveaway
now basically you may be asking what's
on the line what can I win now basically
you can win the chance to have your own
game play turned in to a gift and also
you can win a Playstation Pro and 35
pounds of credit to use on the
PlayStation Store now I've taught you
guys about the way you can enter this
giveaway now why you have to do is use
the share button on your Playstation
controller and share some gameplay that
you think is cool enough to be turned
into again and then you do this by
tagging Playstations twitter and my
Twitter then also use the hashtag
PlayStation gifts and guys that is
literally about it if you want the
chance to win a Playstation pro 35
pounds and your own gift you literally
just have to share a bit a gameplay you
think is cool enough
hug me tight PlayStation and use - time
anyway guys that is the end of our video
if you enjoyed remember to leave a like
and a comment down below tell me what
you thought of this video leave a like
on a million a million lines oh yeah
guys that's why it's the most so as
always I get more Cuban mom you guys
been awesome and we'll see you in the
next video peace
Oh yo yo
