this is the most orange is been by an
absolute freaking mile he's going down
filming let's burn hello guys welcome
back to another video and today what
we're gonna be doing is putting in today
today objects with a red hot flaming
wicked knife we're going to Bruno dies a
horrible thought you excited not really
I just thought I was getting paid to do
hey guys the other day when I was
scrolling through Amazon I still thought
across a ton of stress toys I ordered
them however they didn't come in time
for this video so if you want me to do
another video run into stress toys with
a red-hot knives and little like on the
video Ryan how many should they freaking
smash seven 4612 I'm feeling it you're
nine I may have killed it I freaking I
go the guy's a helmet freaking legends
but like those are freaking that's a
monstrous here we go oh yeah what is
that monstrosity so early today my mama
took a trip to power and she bring me
back a massive bag filled with pond of
stuff day-to-day stuff like crayons
footballs hats all that stuff guys
random stuff and yeah baseball gonna be
cutting into that but as well as that we
need to take a trip to the shop because
we're gonna get food and drink to also
cut into her wait wait we're cutting
into the food yeah for Justine
oh no well I'll save you some but I'll
save yourself most probably worth I
mentioned that over on his channel we
filmed a video is a deeper orbit
challenge after watch this video click
the link in description and go watch
that it's gonna be down there guys we're
going to the shop right now it's just
down the road yay let's go to the
frickin shop guys we're literally
walking to the shop right freaking now
it's really late at night but yeah I'm
gonna jog it I'm absolutely freezing
let's jog jog and vlog jog walk jog vlog
guys you're seriously not gonna freakin
believe what just happened right
so we leave the house start the blog we
get all the way to the shop
neither of us burn any money we're gonna
get wrapped up again get the fucking
money this time and then go back out so
we can get you these supplies but guys
I'm freezing shop if the cashier starts
playing up I give her a twat boys we
frickin arrived oh yeah got a Fanta a
normal coke by the way I'm open Chuck's
your lathe before it Walker's bro Hayden
yeah Wow have a good night hey that's
good well guys for the second freaking
time back home now let's brick and sell
and get this video to all so here we are
in the kitchen the famous kitchen that
you've seen in all the videos we're here
for one thing we're gonna be quite open
items why did you make us let me show
you so firstly we've got all the food
look oh my god I don't know if we're
gonna be cutting off all of this because
let's face it there's a lot of breaking
stuff here but yeah and then as well as
that we've got all of this so the mom
got guys this is absolutely freaking
ridiculous look at this more thing you a
little overboard on the stove you didn't
give me any direction you just sent
islands still fucking cool so basically
let me talk you through how this is
gonna go down and over there as you can
see from the Ola camera we have the
whole and basic I'm gonna turn it on
burn the knife so it gets steaming
red-hot then we're gonna cook through
these objects see how easy is and this
is gonna be fun it's gonna be fun Ryan
you excited no not really
what were you excited yeah mixed
reactions let's we can do it guys
I got one blob so let's hope that's okay
now I want to say guys before we
continue don't try this at home don't
play with knives
don't play with fire we're professionals
that's why we're doing this fucking
laugh what a laconic below what are you
doing I'm just doing a close-up shot
without freaking burning the knife what
Oh gah right freakin red it's going down
guys the first thing we're going to call
is right in what we go first up in there
look ha
are you ready right it was gonna happen
what I know
oh my freaking Oh guys look at the end
of the frickin time oh my god
we're gonna have to burn it again so we
can do that thing which one oh look at
that
this smell was so bad smell all Tim
literally look it's burned all of it
literally cut straight through I didn't
put like barely any pressure on it just
cut straight through it banana just just
freakin destroy guys let's do and
bringing kyndra guys we're now burning
the night for the second time generally
I don't know what you can physically
feel how much pressure up for our
general package but just read through a
mortgage or a hasty retreat part of the
flame is the hottest part all right
here's what I found the blue part of
blame is the hottest part and the red
part is the coolest part Ryan at least
jelly's to tried no no no no no no no no
no no no no some young vampire
hi guys the ID look at our freakin red
plane
oh my god the smoke the smoke ball your
fire
we are fire smell like freaking bonfire
9 it's got plastic in the middle oh man
how long guys that is mental bodies this
is crazy oh my god what should we do
next guys my fellas
mom no I'm not feeling about when I lose
do a crayon let's do a trail not crazy
oh oh this all melted everything smooth
y'all come back in school guys look at
that
yes yo that is do we just take them to
the frickin cleaners I thank you menthol
what next to this one this one is going
to be amazing I've no clue what this
one's gonna do I buy the wifey probably
no we need the bowl of water they're
ready for the Yolo this genuinely could
sell fire no floors going down guys this
is literally and don't get to film me
this is the most orange it bin by an
absolute freaking mile he's going on
filming
that one is a freaking 10 I don't even
yeah Oh God
smell smell oh my word what next very
milk chocolate dairy freakin milk guys
ten nine eight seven seven five a 2-1
dairy Mills
literal fire Jesus I'm gonna give that a
6 ready do it yeah enough already
yeah we're going to get real Michael I
swear
Oh Morgan wash your face money squirts
motor that's the first and only time
you're ever gonna make anything squirt
he's gonna watch rice
my dress has got squirt on it ha ha
that's what she said this couples guest
or have a frickin look at that oh man
this guy's is oh that's what's what
Isaac toy boy but between my fame
Oh mister smells like it comes
what's on my dress alright we classify
smell I'm starving they're always
burning time freakin work
just a note sculpture it's not being on
a boat father we're in an indoor bonfire
toasting marshmallows so now I know what
would you in onion see on the second
count of the knife is almost ready we're
doing a card a freaking coat I don't
know what's gonna go down but honest I'm
code guys it could be pretty friggin
crazy we're going to do it in literally
like 10 seconds guys let's do it yeah
you're literally boiling the coke inside
the car not crazy it's fizzy money
coming out I was horrible Oh
Oh so guys we've got time for one more
thing guys it's going to be a good one a
big one this one is going to be freaking
crazy guys we're going to be
annihilating a freaking teddy bear no
that's for a Christmas present for
Salman for Bruno too bad Oh guys the
teddy bears out have some extreme
surgery it's going down we could cook
Bruno's hard consider tender as you can
see I'm burning the knife we've got a
fin one I think this one is the best
time you enjoyed it Bruno Bruno
Christmas gift I know I'm just really
stuck - no that's the greatest man I've
ever seen Ryan are you ready
let's freakin do it Ryan get ready Paul
Fricke journeys you know what guys I'm
not freaking dog there let's continue to
bathe yourself boy oh man
look at this I've enjoyed it Ronny ready
get ready game position here we freakin
I know it's mine gold is gonna need some
serious stitching after this smells so
bad it is no match for me to be brutal
notice nothing I thought you'll play
with us Oh some guys eyes it out of
everything let me show you the damage
look so the fricking tourney now we move
on to the dairy milk bar like after
disintegrate the frickin banana in half
the kinder egg the crayons look at the
candle and of course the next thing
which works we've got destroyed look at
the aftermath now mama how do you how
did you recommend we clean this off we
don't believe that you two just go
stairs and do what you've got to do and
I'll clean it up this tenancy count as
burning calories because yeah yeah I
didn't need to do that Oh guys guys
again of this videos been absolutely
crazy I've had a lot of fun it's been
interesting the kitchen will literally
smell like the night minimum fight is
set ready
no for real guys if you've enjoyed
remember to leave a big fat like Ryan
forms off on the mirror one light on the
video equals a calories for I've to burn
seventy thousand likes
let seventy thousand lies boys let's
freakin do it remember to subscribe if
you
and check out the video me rhyming on
his channel link in the description
below
poor Louis eyeballs Ryan Ryan mama's
been more joking fantastic really
you guys been freaking awesome on I'll
see you in the next video peace house
hours it was ready to do then remember
to subscribe
the mugsy's channel don't forget to give
it life thanks for watching
yah
