guys look at this freakin thing
hello guys and welcome back to another
video and today I've got a freaking
exciting one in this video I'm going to
be showing you an incredible party trick
involving two big juicy watermelons and
no that's not a sexual reference okay
okay make maybe it is maybe a little no
we're seriously guys in this video I'm
gonna be showing you a party trick or
just a really fun trick in general that
you can do with two watermelons now
totally in my room as you can freakin
tell and basically what I'm doing right
now is going off to Tesco to pick up the
watermelons so this video is going to be
a vlog we have obviously the big pie
trick in the video as well it's gonna be
amazing guys watch the whole video cuz
or it's gonna go down in this video so
just before we start the vlog if you
could leave a like on this video down
below that I need a lot to me if we
could shoot for forty three thousand
seven hundred eighty two lights that I'd
be amazing but also don't forget to
subscribe to the channel if you are new
because that make you boy over there
pretty damn happy now the time right now
is 7:34 a.m. I've literally just woke up
on looking a little bit of a mess book
or whatever I think I think I look okay
guys I think I look okay
and before the hate comments saying I do
not in fact look okay but yeah guys it's
really really early in the morning but
me and my mama headed off to Tesco Extra
which obviously open for 24 hours so
we're gonna be on Curley rocking the
pink hoodie blue frickin jeans I think
we're ready to go more me ready to go
yeah bye sweet sweet so a few things
that we need we'll need my phone Mazal
grub then earphones for the car I should
probably get my watch to this room were
probably done I think we are sorted mum
only one question to ask are you ready
to head off to Tesco and
these big old watermelons yes that's
what I like to fricking here let's go
and get this done
go welcome at night is a well-trained
dog right there so guys I'm feeling
quite awake today I don't know why I
don't know what's going through me but
I'm just awake I'm ready I want to smash
today get these watermelons and frickin
just smash it boys
wear it
let's go oh oh oh stop the rubbish Mona
here outside that's not work to shopton
the wall man not all at your rubbish
rendered the dustbin Ben but okay guys
we're in the car can you see me no you
cannot see me BAM
there we go but mom I raised a head up
there hey there we go we've got some
light in here okay guys were on the tail
look well not since dustbin fans at
Lawry's blocking the road in the class
pocket the dustbin lorry is blocking the
road okay well looks like the Tesco
chicken in the leg guys if you want
someone to blame blame the freaking
dustbin man okay guys we're away it's
seriously early right now so the lights
haven't even come out with there's only
a Lobel light going from the
streetlights that's why I look so dark
line now but will she have to go early
start for the boot on us today but I'm
gonna be walking all day today it's
gonna be really really fun guys check
this out we're literally in the car to
Tesco as you know just hit 100k
followers on Twitter I've said we're
guys this is ins together and it's gonna
leave that in guys wit 100k on Instagram
not Twitter Instagram guys thankful well
thank you so much guys that's absolutely
amazing the group about on Instagram
it's been amazing guys thank you my
camera will not focus well guys that is
freaking Tesco Extra look at the size of
that frickin thing that's what she said
no it's not she did not say that ooh you
guys Tesco has been spotted in the
distance we are here we've made it
watermelons here we come the Godstone oh
yeah we ever knew if I've got some ice
on me I hope they do you have things at
it she went on yesterday to try and get
these warm air supplies in them man
yeah what I was doing a pretty masculine
summer oh boy guys do you see that do
you freaking see it Tesco in the
distance
look at that that frickin is the size of
that shotgun massive guys we're now
pulled in in Tesco carpark and I just
want to quickly say mum man here is
seriously debating opening her own
channel
I've just been discussing it with her
and she's really really debating a guy
so what I want you to do is leave a like
on this video if your forum to make a go
channel tell me in the conversation
below if you want to see that more just
make fun of it funny of the band of
yours it's a very quality channel with
all my math my friends you know how many
friends I don't you guys we're just go
guys let's go pick up these
watermelons it's pretty freakin empty
this early in the morning here we are
the woman's self I'm your boy
we're walking into Tesco guys this place
is freakin huge imma show you round it
it's like my home I come back
quite a lot here we see a wild more with
her chewy
Tesco with Maugham Tesco with more Tesco
with Maugham
Tesco with more entering the Tesco so
mum is there anything you want to buy
toilet rolls toilet rolls yeah are you
having a mud pie when we all that toilet
I hold on I want to get a plan seriously
for my room and get a pun I want to get
that let's actually get that boys its
Frederick the prime all my days guys
what it's like in the distance no travel
or she'll ever walk what's up boy
oh my just friends you could buy that
and share it but if you haven't see only
lead one so I don't like you sometimes I
don't and may have found a new outfit
for me look at I think I think I put
into it guys I've walked away from mom
I've spotted in the distance and nerve
gone I'm gonna give you guys five
seconds to guess why I'm buying it I'm
pranking him guys it's going down
it's her video I'm doing on that yeah
it's proving I'm doing on that battle
thank you
so what now want what else you know she
pays how interest in the vol you're
going to love looking at a stricken to
face look at that lights or sprout oh
man oh man they've been spotted to Pearl
54 some freaking watermelons guys now
these things aren't massive but I think
I think they're pretty good I think I'll
get the earth darker one I'm gonna get
two guys but yeah we want to get some
big one for you guys the big juicy ones
that's quite a big in there get on
that's a pretty big one right there look
at that what does that look like guys
I'll give you a 10 seconds to comment
what that looks like a few moments later
yeah I'm pretty sure we're all thinking
the same thing right now and this is
what I like to call my aisle dramatic
scene of mom walking down the aisle
she's got a jolly
guys the highlight of the trip has
definitely been the plan yeah so guys
when I leaving
Tesco it's been a very successful trip
got the watermelons got my new best
friend Frederick what a guy look at the
slides dude freakin lights up I didn't
even realize but it was so my eyes
believe in tests it's been a pretty
decent trip brother job done now we're
heading back home alright so we're back
inside the car right now with Richard
has been taking some photos but
Instagram no don't say 100k I don't want
to get a photo op with his mom took the
frickin photos so props to her she's got
alright I've just looked back at it but
yeah you did pretty good I was pretty
good but now you're all the way back
home and yeah we're gonna we're gonna do
the watermelon trick later the thing is
she's working now until about 4:00 so
we're gonna film at about 5:00 but
there's some pretty cool things lined up
for today all the things we can do in
the vlog oh my god smoothly now hey guys
we're going to Costa right now literally
just because there you probably can see
it's a little bit far away but yeah
oh yes movie she's gonna get coffees all
gone pulled up a coastal boy mom are you
ready to take my order small mango and
passion fruit smoothie yeah come on yeah
you've got for me
voice it's no more my girl passion brew
small thanks Bob
yeah we're just been chilling outside
coaster right now just waiting for the
freakin mango smoothie I'm gonna turn my
life hey in destiny of a court look at
the freaking thing oh boy
she's bike and she's got the goods small
my own passionfruit mom I'm eternally
grateful she's oh look oh no no you
haven't
no you freaking have it no you haven't
we got this movie now we head off
oh we made it home as you can freakin
see mommy's getting to shopping too i'ma
take my tree tree and chillin polishing
shoes off I would take my shoe upstairs
here Ilias look at this bed look at this
guy dude dude dude dude dude hit the
litter the editor did it it did to the
flitter to litter no guys the question
is why do we put it put aside why you
guys but for now I need the toilet
one where's me gone he's going down he's
frickin going down here it is oh my get
this thing out of the box guys give me a
minute guys we're ready
get Prague bro mask over headshot ha ha
we raise your voice yeah Oh miss no boys
who knows you start barking the doorbell
just gone off I think you guys know
where this is going everything parcels
here let's go down and see what we got
we're holding I should probably be sure
mortgage a parcel yeah she sewed you up
guys it's a bigger parcel very dark in
it let me get your light on
I'm a good parcel let's frickin do this
excuse my bad it hasn't been made but
we're gonna open the parcel on here guys
three two one
fine we got a box inside a box how
wonderful
okay okay what is this I don't have a
clue what these are seriously I've been
arguing the hell lots of recently so I'm
saying trying to think if I'm just like
it out I genuinely I don't have a
freaking clue what these are not
frigging clue well that was quite empty
climactic I'm pretty sure they'll be
another parcel coming later today than
guys there's no man seriously don't have
a freaking clue what they were weird
Swedish guys it's literally been about
five minutes since I went down and got
that package put another one is here
I've just heard Bruno going mental again
so let's go downstairs and let's break
and see what's in this package more is
it another package it's another package
is another package here oh for God's
sake oh Jesus
no it was for next door Oh John mom
killing me out here right there boys
it's been about two hours since I last
vlog and basically I've just been
finishing up editing a video which is
odd or a while ago I've just
star for NASA video that's going on
today it's gonna be the wide parks video
you may have already seen it and I'll
leave a link in the description below if
I can remember but yeah I'm just
uploading that right now as you like
actually publishing it to YouTube and
stuff then that's going up at 6 p.m.
today but it's just about hit 12 is a mo
p.m. it'll be 12 p.m. I think yeah
basically it's just gonna go yeah
basically it's just hit 12 whatever guys
you know what I mean it's midday time my
friend guys is freaking killing me
genuinely really really hurt I love this
cool for like all week basically it's
just not blowing over it seriously my
throat really hurts well guys I don't
know if you can tell but I may or may
not have just fell asleep
guys I fell asleep I'm just gonna tell
you I going to bed and I fell asleep
I've been asleep for four hours it's
currently 6:05 I've just bought today's
why fights video live if you haven't
seen already I put a link in the
description but yeah but one view right
now and I'm getting in the shower
because I have six in 25 minutes I'm
going out for tea with my dad it's going
to be pretty cool then when we get back
we can do the watermelon trick but yeah
I'm excited I'm absolutely starving so I
need to get in the shower and then we
can head off at some tea yeah sorta
that's it
also a few boxes of just arrived so
we'll look at them when we get back from
tea okay guys just got out of the shower
and now it is 20 past 6:00 my dad will
be here in nine minutes and we're going
to an Indian we have an Indian maybe
pile of a Pokemon go because believe it
or not we're still playing the game
anyways I've changed my top change my
jeans and I've got on keeping ajahn
brahm because why I'm not but yeah I'm
excited guys I'm still feeling hungry
I've had that smoothie and then I fell
asleep and then I had some mango ice all
over today so I'm pretty freakin hungry
I'm gonna go have it in you basically
these two boxes this one is a Christmas
tree which I ordered ages ago from my
room we bought that one so basically
we're gonna have two and then that is a
monitor which coincidentally needs to go
to Dad's so I'm going to give that to in
one of your eyes because why the hell
not just close some place at my room but
yeah I'm pretty excited guys as I said
I'm starving so I want to get there
have some pretty foolish go let me get
the freaking watch on I think today i'ma
go I think today ever when were using
without any socks because I don't know I
really I'm just I'm not feeling the
socks guys I'm really not I don't know
is that like a normal thing to do I'm
you know I'm really not sure I'm really
not sure to go if that's like a normal
thing to do or not I've seen quite a few
people wearing these shoes without socks
so yeah I mean I'm enjoying the cool so
yeah I got the copper Yeezys some black
ripped jeans pink jumper watch hair
looking quite average it's still pretty
wet my moat I would just leave it guys
we ready to freakin go right guys excuse
the lighting we're now in the car on the
way to the Indian fort
I've had a bit of a nightmare as you
guys know it's fastly approaching 8:00
p.m. and as you guys know at the moment
we give them away an iTunes / Google
Play one I'm giving away a bunch of them
25 pound cards at 8:00 p.m. on one of my
social medias at random basically guys
have come out and I forgot to bring the
frigging code with me so what I do now
is go to a shop buy another code just so
we can actually get one out today
because I'm not leaving you guys hanging
yeah
that's what we're doing now we're gonna
have to stop and get one before the
Indian but whatever guys it is one of
these guys we've arrived
either co-op let's see if they do some
freaking 25 pound gift cards sources oh
guys all freaking sorta remember to go
and follow all three my social medias a
little bit in the description below
because I'm giving away way more of
these gift cards and you don't want to
miss out so guys it's literally just hit
seven o'clock as you know I loaded six I
told you guys about that I thought I'd
check my real-time you see more videos
on 101 K in the first hour for the first
freaking time ever that's a new record
for me you guys literally never fail to
surprise me it's madness and there we go
guys food has been eaten it is No 7:59 I
have the iTunes code right here today's
toad is going up on snapchat
let me get this all that I've told you
guys in a minute 3 2 1 8 p.m. the code
is now up on my snapchat guys there we
go guys a little bit of prove that's on
my public story
the code is public now as you guys
oh bike when pilgrim anger was first
like a thing I was really really into
our plate it like everyday and then the
hype died down a little bit
yeah I still do plate guys but some of
you guys don't know basically I'd still
do plate me my dad we're still going
strong guys we're going strong basically
heads up now to a Charmander Ness which
if you don't know is a pretty rare
pokemon and yeah we're gonna go there
catch a few of them and then we can head
back and i'ma show you this watermelon
trickable guys that it was really nice
how did you how do you think the Indian
water there was movement right guys
we're just walking now basically getting
some charmander's it's literally pitch
black and I've used a light from a pole
to get any type of lighting if I just
show you guys kind of what we're dealing
with round here you looked I don't know
if you can even see but it's absolutely
freezing I don't know why you to this
guys we're just gonna be here for about
20 minutes scared future Landers so
there we go guys we found the first one
this is a 99 CP let's see if we can
freakin get it we should be able to get
it it's really easy
hey there we go it's genuinely
pitch-black look this looks like
somebody said look like slender look at
this guy's we're back in the car no I'm
sorry about the lion it's like genuinely
without my phone torches there's no way
whatsoever so this will have to do guys
we've got one shot and after all that my
hands are literally further guys I'm not
sure that was a good idea anyway now
heading back to moms and we can do this
 trick guys I'm excited right
guys as you can tell we are now back
home it's been a really nice meal had a
good time seeing dad now we're back here
and yeah I say we get started with this
trick I'm a little bit tired though but
it's gonna be good done it's gonna be
freaking cool check this out guys while
I was gone I had some packages first one
was some clothes got a nice pink body
you got some black jeans and also some
blue jeans and as well as that we got
some more Phillips you again this is for
my dad's house again I'm doing all my
tire room I mentioned it quite a bit but
yeah it's gonna look amazing
and yeah we've got some more packages
guys I'm not going to change into this
hoodie now actually because this one I'm
wearing right now kind of needs a walk
mom do you want to wash more tea for me
wanna watch believe me Oh
what do we freaking think I'm thinking
it looked pretty pretty done nice guys
what do you think I think it's good I
think it's pretty good Brad this is
developed which you probably all been
waiting for we've got the entire central
Wharton what but that can't speak more
than one what a little bit - and then
all of these nice guys and basically I'm
going to show you a pretty cool party
trick or if the trick in new in general
this is so freakin easy you can do this
you look - like two minutes
now unfortunately I'm not creative
genius I call this idea while you love
about it link in the description to the
guide I saw through this I'm going to be
doing a similar thing however for what
balance on five biggest things were over
yet this is still going to be pretty
pretty cool so the first step you want
to do get too worn out
try making similar size obviously the
bigger the better for that kind of up to
you and then what you want to do is get
one of them and basically you want to
skin it now basically what I do firstly
if you want to remove all the green out
of the wall now so it so if I kind of
demonstrate here so basically guys you
just want to slowly skin off all the
green so that you get into the center of
all the good stop guys you want to get
to the rest we've got different guys
guys I think this one is going to be
better I wore melon expert but I'm
pretty sure I could do this don't we
just get some plasters out mortgage why
cuz last time you did that you put your
finger when you were oh dude I remember
guys I'm pretty freaking scared right
now I'm not gonna lie
we're gonna do this off camera now we're
going to come back to one of those
things adorable basically skin all the
edges of it so you just have the actual
red inside of the watermelon and for
this one you want to cut it in half and
then scoop out the inside so you just
have the outer shell of the watermelon
so the inner core the outer shell
welcome back
so hope nothing goes wrong
so check that out shell number one it's
freakin done carving watermelons
watermelons all day basically what you
do right now god she's using a freaking
sponge the hard side of the foot to
smooth this all out you're not really
good doing it straight Morgan no you
pink rooms in it stop it
no no don't play with knives God what
you doing with now we chillin with her
go away
look how good outdoor man and she's just
let his room in the team look at that
lads how cold is up chicken hot guys
what do you think it looks like a water
comment in the comments section below
guys look at this freaking thing it's
been done look at that if your hold on
let me get my camera let me show you
this so guys as you can see here we are
they're freaking water now live the
sense now we didn't do it mentally as
good as we could of the warnings we had
to choose from work that big as you saw
earlier on when we were in Tesco but it
looks pretty freakin cool look at that
she really cool pie trick you can do
when you just like with friends or if
you just want to face up your
watermelons you can just feel this guy's
looks pretty damn sweet I don't see the
really big yellow market eyes which kind
of ruin it a little bit if we kind of
like match up perfectly
look at that guy's very pretty go oh boy
sooner yes
so guys if you decide to go ahead and do
this follow my social medias and tweet
me the picture of your watermelon my
Twitter snapchat Instagram will all be
in the description below I think that is
a pretty freaking big success guys look
at that that's pretty awesome guys I
think that's a pretty big freaking
success whoa sweet okay guys know what
we're gonna do let me take control of
the camera guys so basically as you may
have seen we've got a huge pot leftover
melon so mum what we're gonna do with it
we're gonna make a smoothie we're making
smoothies
go down so mom why don't you talk them
through how you make the famous Jill
smoothie I've made it fun before there
so so we don't waste all the watermelon
I'm going to just pick out a man's I'll
clean out to set that I wash my hands so
I'm just picking out the pips
I can see what my Killeen who cares
about the pigs get the watermelon in how
about you use the juice from the actual
water nothing amazing yeah do that I
mean really this actually isn't a bad
melon you're taking too long guys I'm
going those four strawberries yeah we
got some mint here too yeah
so mom has build up the blender with all
the water Melanie goodness you got a
handful of mint
what do the men do mom it makes it taste
really fresh it really makes your
friends Oh John little bit quick ring
who cares about Vincent's was getting in
the dumps movie mine oh haha guys not
the minion now it's time I say we don't
need any orange juice we've got the
watermelon juice we're going to get a
little bit women do Sandra and the
Solomon watermelon means that's always
this so yeah I guess we've got a gut -
women in just a few spots wide open air
and then another freaking spoonful of
yoga that's all these boys what I yeah
oh you've got the straw with in about
four strawberries before yoga that's
perfect we need the ice once a good
amount of ice let's get one hump on
there another handful of ice in a
massive freaking ice block in a oh okay
Bruno has an ice cube there we go guys
get it frickin blending mom show us how
it's done
lice-free can do it
a few moments later alright mom says
it's breaking dawn got two glasses below
it's all frost date Oh
God was up dropping I find your mom got
a sample first no let's go it again for
it yeah try that yeah go they're going
oh yeah yeah yeah right
cheers guys so we're good to go we're
ready to try them they like it that's
horrible
yeah mm-hmm the horrible look I'm
expecting better just watering so you
can go we'll get out of it
get out she's gone terrible guys Africa
so guys as you can tell I are now back
upstairs in my room this vlog is been
really really chilled but just before we
sign off there's one more thing I want
to do and I is open up the Christmas
tree which got delivered earlier in the
video I don't know if you guys remember
but yeah let's go this thing settled
just like I think we just peel it feel
it out I'm not sure yeah this is what
can go this is looking freaking good hey
guys it's freaky dude looks pretty
freaking come to me and go just like
that
the tree is freakin done guys ignore all
this mess I'm gonna clean it in just a
moment but yeah I mean it doesn't
multi-colored I'm a tad disappointed
thought it looks pretty frickin cool
anyway look at that thing yeah there we
freakin go and also guys I've just set
up the Tesco Christmas tree as you can
tell over here it's looking pretty damn
cool that one over there is also looking
pretty damn cool the room is looking
pretty Christmasy I'm getting into the
Christmas spirit
well guys guys why I'm gonna end this
vlog it's getting really really late now
and to be honest I'm absolutely
shattered guys I've been up for a while
editing videos it's been a really really
fun day though we went to Tesco got the
watermelon went out for a nice meal came
back did that frickin watermelon trick
and yeah it's been a really really fun
day
I've had a really good time and I wanted
to do right now getting to bed maybe
watch like a Christmas film home alone
something like that get into the
Christmas spirit but guys if you've
enjoyed remember to leave a big thumbs
up on this video that would be
absolutely amazing and also subscribe to
the channel if you're new for more
content just like this and yeah I hope
you guys have enjoyed the video well as
always I'll be more you guys been
awesome and I'll see you in my next
video peace out if you enjoyed the video
then remember to subscribe to mugsy's
channel and don't forget to leave a like
if you
thanks for watching is a ha
