tell guys and welcome back to another
video and firstly just before we start
guys how's your day going
mine's going pretty okay but I meant on
you guys are so despite my day going
okay guys I do have a little bit of a
cold so if I sound a little bit off in
this video that's why why not obviously
guys I don't think you really care about
my cold right now I think you care about
the huge freaking giveaway I'm gonna be
doing by the new year it's gonna be
mental and I'm gonna be telling you all
about it right here in this video the
hype build now a few things to point out
just before we get into this video
no more number one is that this is a new
camera
now this isn't my main camera this is
actually gonna be my brand new vlogging
camera this is your Canon EOS m3 I
bought this one a hit a million
subscribers and as well as buy it is I
also bought this massive cameras it out
on my bed right now this is my new main
camera to go with the new Borgen camera
this is the canon a TD now guys if you
could leave a light on this video
honestly that would mean the absolute
world I'm gonna set a pretty crazy light
goal on this video the light goal is
going to be twenty eight thousand seven
hundred and fifty eight
I literally just made that number up
right now but yeah guys that is the
frickin light goal for this video and
it's a pretty crazy water no I think
I've wasted enough of your guys's time
so what we're gonna do right now is
start with the giveaway now if you don't
already you can tell by the title I'm
gonna be doing a huge giveaway to
celebrate 1 million subscribers and the
new year and this giveaway is gonna be
freaking huge guys this is going to be
the biggest giveaway I've ever done on
my channel I'm gonna be announcing it
and let you guys know all the details in
today's video it's going to be mental
guys let me switch to the ATD then I'll
talk you through all the details no guys
the question is probably going
most of your minds right now is morgues
you say they've got this massive us
giveaway what the hell are you gonna be
giving away and guys i'ma tell you
exactly that right now so there's going
to be kind of like two giveaways the
first giveaway is going to be the
slightly smaller giveaway and then
there's gonna be the slightly bigger
giveaway let me talk you through the
slightly smaller one first I mean I'm
saying slightly smaller I mean it's
still pretty big so the prizes up for
grabs in the smaller giveaway oh dang
awesome whooping I began this line of a
moving gallon I don't know if you could
tell what they were but guys it's gonna
be a load of gift cards let me collect
these all up they're scattered all over
my spore let me try
freaking organize these bad boys out
okay I think we're doing it I think
they're almost there yeah yeah we know
is freaking Carol I get so many people
complaining I only ever give away iTunes
cards so would you know what I did I
went up to the store and I bought some
Google Play won this giveaway there's
gonna be of 825 pound Google Play and
iTunes gift card another one another one
another one another one
another one and another one let me talk
you through how this giveaway is gonna
go down so the day you guys will be
watching this is Monday the 19th of
December and starting today I'm gonna be
giving away one of these cards every
single day but obviously eight days
because that's how many cards we've got
so it's going to be the 19th of December
to the 26th of December and the way I'm
gonna be giving away these cards is
really really simple
by now I'm sure you guys know I have
three social medias alongside youtube I
have snapchat Instagram and of course
Twitter now starting today at 8 p.m.
every single day on one of my social
medias I'm gonna be either tweeting out
the code or just point up on my
instagram / snapchat stories but here's
the twist but whichever day it is I'm
gonna pick a random with social media I
put the code on so you guys are not
gonna know it's gonna be absolutely
crazy it's gonna be random guys so let's
say one of the days I do on Twitter I'm
gonna randomly just tweet out one of
these codes a bang on 8 p.m. and then
it's going to be a race but who can
claim it the fastest same thing with
Instagram I put on my Instagram story
one of these random codes so it's
literally who can get it and who can
claim it the fastest and then of course
same with snapchat so Instagram story
snapchat story and Twitter tweet what
you should definitely do if you want to
be ready for these codes is go and
follow my Twitter my snapchat my
Instagram all the links will be in the
description below and they'll also be on
the screen right now and you want to get
prepared you do not want to miss a p.m.
when these codes are gonna be going out
now see if you can get yourself warned
someone's got to get it so why shouldn't
it be you but now the second part of the
giveaway the biggest freaking part of
the giveaway guys this is massive now
for the second giveaway what am I going
to be giving away you asked an Xbox 1s a
ps4 Pro and an iPad pro this is not a
joke guys in Xbox or ps4 and an iPad for
you guys this just got pretty damn real
I'm alright so let me explain to guys
how you can walk out of December with an
iPad an Xbox or a ps4
Pro and it's going to be an iPad pro and
Xbox 1s is this freaking crazy guy I
also want to say really really quickly
this is not sponsored giveaway I'm
paying for every bit of this giveaway
everything I bought in this giveaway for
you guys yeah let me tell you how three
of you guys are gonna be walking out
with some new consoles and or an iPad
now basically in the description below I
have provided a link and that link will
take you to a website called Gleave and
the page will look something like this
now once you go to the website it'll
show you some ways that you can enter
this giveaway now it'll be asking you to
do things like subscribe to my channel
follow me on snapchat follow me on
Instagram you know stuff that you've
probably already done if you're a loyal
subscriber now basically once you
complete one of these things like eg add
me on snapchat you get entries and for
every one you get five entries so the
more entries you have the more likely
you are at walking out of this giveaway
with a brand new console or an iPad so
in essence if you complete everything
that's asking you to do you'll have a
better chance of winning the giveaway
than someone who let's say just does one
of the things you just subscribe to the
channel or something like that however
I'm not forcing you to do everything you
could literally just subscribe to the
channel and that would enter you into
the giveaway however you do need to go
on to the link and actually confirm that
you subscribe to the channel so as you
guys should know by now there's going to
be free winners and the giveaway ends on
New Year's Day the giveaway ends on the
1st of January 2017 and that's when the
winners will be contacted now the free
winners will be contacted through email
and get this right whoever responds to
the email the fastest will have first
pick at their prize and then whoever
responds second will have second pick
whoever responds third pull up obviously
the third pick I'm saying third pick
like it's fine you'll still be getting
something just like all the cards are
gonna be announced at 8 p.m. this
giveaway will also end 8 p.m. so as well
as being active throughout the weekdays
at 8 p.m. on the first of January you're
gonna want to be active at 8 p.m. to see
if you've worn this because of you're a
winner get to your email reply and
you're gonna get yourself first pick a
ps4 Xbox or an iPad and I've been told
sometimes the winners don't reply so
what you want to do is you want to
format Twitter too because if someone
doesn't reply that's what I'll be
updating you guys on the giveaway and
that rather than actually having to do
it in videos because that can take a lot
of time just go follow the Twitter for
updates just in case one of the three
people doesn't reply but I'm hoping they
will I mean if you've won a freaking
console or an iPod you shouldn't be
replying to your emails to claim your
prize now I was sat down a few days ago
about to buy all the consoles and the
iPads through Amazon but Thor rather
than me buying them or in them to me and
then having to package them on myself
and order them to the winners that would
take a lot of time so what I'm gonna do
I'm just going to get the winners
details the free winners details and
just order the iPads and the Xbox's on
the ps4 directly to them through Amazon
guys now there's gonna be further
details on both giveaways in the
comments at the comment section what am
I on about in the description below guys
that's what I was trying to say so check
that out if you're not sure about
anything but yeah long story short I'm
gonna be giving away 8 25 pound pouches
on my social medias at random 8 p.m.
everyday Instagram snapchat and Twitter
guys all on the screen add them all down
below links are in the description down
below you'll want to be ready because
it's going to be happening literally
today if you're watching this the first
day this videos come out or get ready
for a p.m. because one of these toads is
going up on one of the social medias and
then also don't forget to visit League
leave link down below and get yourself
entered in the big grand prize giveaway
because there's an Xbox one and ps4 pro
and a frickin iPad pro on the line guys
it's gonna be insane but yeah let me
switch back over to the vlogging camera
and finish off this video yeah guys I
think that is a freaking wrap on this
video now that seriously guys I just
want to point out again this giveaway is
in no way sponsored I've fought all this
stuff especially for you guys to
hopefully brighten off your Christmas
time and of course new year's time to
yeah it's gonna be absolutely amazing
I'm so in the Christmas spirit I hope
you guys are too and I cannot wait to
see how half of you guys are we're
receiving your gift cuz it's gonna be
amazing
I cut all and I'm so excited for
Christmastime I'm so excited to give
this super way to you guys and I hope
you're excited and ready because it's
gonna be lit and yeah
maybe you could leave leave a like on
the video - for this for this big
giveaway uh-huh uh-huh yeah thank you
all so much for all the support of it
when it's amazing I really really do
appreciate it for ya as always I've been
moved you guys been absolutely awesome
and I will see you in the next video
peace oh my god oh my god oh you're out
if you enjoyed this video then remember
to subscribe
the mugsy's channel and don't forget to
leave in life if you have a good image
thanks for watching peace out
