I just want to say thank you all so much
for 100 subscribers
hey guys Morgan it on Thursday we have a
Q&A because we just hit 1k subs yo guys
it's more than what's up in the video we
did 5 castle yo guys it's more today we
have my 10,000 Givi got a special oh my
god we have 20,000 subscribers we hit
25,000 subscribers yeah tell you the day
we have my Oh
boys breaking out on girls I've
literally just been out a restaurant
with my mom and I looked at my phone
take my life house nine nine ninety five
hundred oh my god we literally had to
rush out to get back here
just to make the 1 million oh thank God
we made it guys my life count is freakin
poppin right now I'm going on like
hundreds of the minute you know what mom
mom Tamilian it's coming it's coming
it's coming
hey Balu brunnelle brunnelle see ya
fuckin Bhutto's here let me get the
fuckin commerce all out boys oh seven
seven six months Levi come on
we're like 1 million place already
oh my gosh twice my drinking gosh oh my
days my notifications blowing a football
I'm surfing we had to rush back just to
make the freaking count the whole squads
here Bruno mom and your boy freaking al
guys I'm so fuckin speakers right now
we've gone balloons boy I started this
year on 8,000 subscribers I don't I
never gave up guys oh I'm aware this
frickin headband we did it I can't
believe it look at this I don't even
know why it's here guys mom have you got
anything to say if you liked it leave a
like no I didn't want to say she's so
used to me asking it did say the light
she's just always thinking I'm saying
that million line cook million whoa
you've done them so well morgue and I'm
really proud of ya come on the Tresor
lips full of these you know how to say I
would say thank you to you for helping
me get all the stuff up you Muppet
started playing games and recording four
years ago you had some people not
believe it in your guess okay go away
and you've literally just made this
happen on your own by a lot of hard work
oh please this is the most warm-up
you've ever given me Malone
oh look at the start of the surprise for
you so you've got come outside to the
garden
oh my god we've just got a little
surprise
come on you're gonna prank me oh sure
would you come find me for a million
subscribe
Morgan it's just a nice surprise to
celebrate
you should go guys I saw it down if
you're freaking blinding me for a
million subs of it a million you banned
I'll be frank you guys way too far away
where are you going it's freezing cold
I don't want me kill I'm hard the cold
doesn't affect me oh Jesus I swear loud
if this is a frying joint still the
surprises that I guess look up that what
you think it is you wanted some fire
yeah come on what about the poor
neighbors they do they know I'm look at
this freaky garden it's mental they went
so you bought my work for me yeah thank
you
oh my days do it do it do it
Liza oh boy oh boy oh boy
Oh on the stop say it Wow more the
lighting is so off but like I or
whatever oh oh oh oh oh good nah for
real I go boom
I did my that's where we're gonna bring
a call a day well thanks love one phone
cuz I was interested thank for burning
me oh Jesus
Oh spell young interested guys
apparently is time for even more
surprises because my mom had just told
me to go down to the kitchen because
she's got me a frickin cake let's go
have a look at this because you guys
know I love I love cake I see it I
freaking see it oh yeah first of all
we've got a nice banana with a John Cena
wristband love that thank you mom
got a nice big spoon on there keep for
one fat milords portion for god sake mom
well guys what a freaking day has been
today literally guys we fuckin did it we
did it we did it 1 million subscribers I
am genuinely speechless like I've been
stuck here with my come on like five
minutes just thinking like what to say
I'm literally speechless like I don't
even know where to start guys I'm
freaking out right now
no first thing I want to say guys if my
voice is sounding a little bit different
it's because literally I've done it in
with all the shouting today I'm not even
exaggerating it actually murders but
yeah guys Wow
one freaking million
subscribers like it still hasn't quite
sunk in yet the amount of people because
it's orders like numbers on a screen you
don't really realize how many people is
I remember saying if my two thousand
subscribers special video thanking you
guys for that and say like how it's a
crazy number one freaking million like
what the hell burry although guys at the
star the year I had eight thousand
subscribers I've literally just watched
my 2015 recap video which is why I'm
talking about all my goals for 2016 and
I literally said my goal for 2016 by the
end of the year was fifty thousand
subscribers thank you under 16 my goal
is to get fifty thousand subs it's not
even the end of the year yet and we're
on 1 million like I have gained 1
million subscribers in a year admittedly
if it's not quite rice gun but you know
I think it I think it's pretty good guys
know what for real that is just
incredible when you think about I start
this year on eight thousand subs aim to
be on fifty thousand and I'm a million
like what the hell's and fucking guts
he's freaking crazy the amount of growth
has just happened to the channel man I'm
freaking speechless but yet for real
guys numbers are just numbers but
honestly when you consider that our
people it's like freaking absolutely
like ridiculous and like I can barely
put into words how much it means to me
guys without YouTube I just wouldn't be
anything like YouTube is literally my
life if I didn't have this I don't know
what the hell I'd be up to it's been my
passion since I was literally like 11
years old back then I was just a kid
with a dream and the fact is like now
I'm living my dream and it's so just
amazing I'm like I feel so grateful to
be in the position where I am and I've
honestly worked so hard to get to where
I am right now but without you guys that
work would have meant absolutely nothing
honestly when you support me it gives me
so much motivation which I used to make
videos and just keep improving my
content and without you guys I genuinely
would be just I don't even know like I
don't even know why I'd be doing without
you guys honestly you mean the frickin
world to me and I'm not just saying that
because of the camera like genuinely it
just means the world to me like when I
go out and about and see you guys and
the smiles on your faces when I'm
looking at the comments and see all the
people who stayed I've inspired them or
helped them out like Jays absolutely
amazing like the fact that me just like
being myself in front of a camera can
actually help people out is pretty crazy
now to get to freaking 1 million like -
oh speaking crazy like what the hell I
don't know what - young I don't want to
do I don't know guys I'm a freaking mess
I don't know what to do I'm freaking oh
my god like seeing that number go from
six digits to seven digits was genuinely
just like the freakin craziest thing
ever I am gonna be doing a giveaway in
the next few days I'm not sure I've all
the stuff I'm gonna give away yet
however I do have an absolute bunch of
these 25 pound gift cards to give away
but I'm not just gonna be giving away
that no no no this is gonna be a huge
giveaway guys as well as all these gift
cards I do want to give away some more
stuff so what we got to do is comment
down below in the conversation some
stuff that I could give away but yeah
guys I do genuinely feel like I can do
it if I can get to where I am if I can
kind of succeed then anyone can like a
few years ago I was so freaking like
unconfident I was so I don't say
depressed I was so unhappy honestly I
was just like treading water for my
entire life I didn't know what I was
doing I was just going down such a dark
path I just did everything I could to
turn it all around and now I'm sat here
with 1 for 1 million but yeah guys
honestly I just thank you all so much
like I'm just honest I just can't I'm
still like shot man I can't believe it
man thank you all
today's just been the frickin best day
of my life and I just like crazy just
I'm just so happy and I'm just so
freaking happy thank you to everyone
watching this just thank you so freakin
much just so frickin much just you mean
the absolute world to me honestly like
you mean everything to me breaking oh my
god deep guys let's end it short let's
let's not blob on for like an hour
you mean the absolute world to me
honestly I love everything 1 is so much
all the support it just motivates me so
worth fricking much and I cannot wait
for the future kind of wait to see what
the future holds for guys about it for
this video if you
remember to leave a like rating and a
comment down below thank you all so much
in the bottom of my heart you mean
everything to me and yeah as always I've
been morgues you guys have been
absolutely freaking amazing
and I'll see you in the next video peace
that was like the worst peace ever let's
try that again
peace so hey that's my get out if you're
ready to go then remember to subscribe
the mogees canner and gain forget to
legalize you have a bitch penis
thanks for watching peace out
