guys been a day since I had to color the
hair pink it still hasn't came out yet
guys it's gone into more of a purple now
but it just looks frickin ridiculous so
yeah if you're new to the channel I
didn't choose to be like this this was a
forfeit feel free to roast me in the
comment section guys get one free Rose
tell guys and today we have another
video and what I'm gonna be doing in
this video is another one of those
videos where I search into the dark side
of YouTube and find some videos of
people roasting me so ever since that is
the last video reacting to the little
kids roasting me I've been seen an
absolute on more of these videos popping
up all around YouTube about me and yeah
what I'm gonna be doing today is
watching some more of them at all god I
don't know if I'm excited or not to be
honest a little bit I'm a little bit
scared no guys you know what time it is
it's time for us to set a crazy light
goal when I say crazy this one is gonna
be massive guys forty-four thousand
likes I'm pretty sure that is the second
biggest goal I have ever set 44 thousand
lights smash the light bomb guys I'm
gonna need every one of you to smash the
light but if we want to hit that goal
and also guys down at my subscribers
right now we're either gonna be
extremely close to a million or past a
million guys now the timer recording
this run about nine hundred and
ninety-three thousand subscribers so
when I put this out we'll probably like
a couple thousand off so if you could
hit the subscribe button guys I'm gonna
need you guys hit the subscribe button
because honestly I cannot freakin wait
for a million and guys if you're
watching this before we've actually hit
a million I urge you to go and look at
my other social medias Instagram
snapchat and Twitter and I doll them
because that's where you'll be see in
the first reaction and that's why all
the height will be going down and yeah
guys as you can tell they're all on the
screen right now go follow all them and
also guys please don't go out there
searching for people in this video don't
go attacking them or anything because
this is all fun I really enjoy making
these videos they're really funny but
once you start attacking the people and
taking this seriously ruins all the fun
but let's get freaking started
to be honest guys I'm feeling kinda
nervous I've got pink frickin hair I'm
not feeling very manly right now but
yeah let's let's get let's freakin get
started okay here goes nothing filters
this week morgues let's do this guy's
what beautiful videos that were gonna
find on the Internet today move move
the war was stupid for morg morg you are
gay right then no that's enough about it
next video on Irish fuse
I freaking refuse oh there's one bye oh
god that's a female okay it's like
there's a little girl no stinger here
this is different like it was it dislike
two marks
no uh alright you want this right so
whoever this young girl is okay let's
just keep watching this guy's we hate
marks Jesus did you see that that's
gonna replay that right now she just
doesn't care - she did you see the way
she threw that she could have killed
somebody man she needs to calm it down
this girl is risking crazy how can you
wear it behind you guys just blatant
disrespect how can you have no respect
Freddie it's just disrespectful just
nice not I'm not ominous out major let's
continue watching this Jesus but anyway
merry Christmas to all of you if I do
not owe girl Bella nice man Christmas
you oh my god I've just spotted the
dislike ratio
I have never interacted with this video
I kind of feel bad for this girl then
again I should probably watch the video
is exposing a youtuber mobs I get the
feeling that this girl is related to
John from the last video the guy that
roasted me let's compare the way she
says mores with the way he says more we
have to stop the youtuber mogs is
exposing a youtuber marks mog mog mog
die seriously scary guys just freaking
identical you see literally watching
another video roasting me drawing her
video roast him I don't know Jesus this
girl's a wizard Morgan Hudson there we
go guys she's figured out my biggest
secret I mean it's not like I've said it
in multiple videos but yeah she's
figured it out like this is the end of
me 15:15 just five years older than me
Mary fully okay this girl's 10 years old
hold on hold on hold on hold on
includes providing accurate registration
info on being over the age of 13 13 so
this means that my biggest hater of it
isn't allowed on YouTube she's a
freaking Savage what can I say she
doesn't care about the rules she needs
to be calm down
I don't feel safe being on the same
platform if this girl oh no no no what
would I like this video and subscribe to
my show
oh no I mean I'm sorry here with purple
ass so it's hard for me to kind of laugh
at anyone but still freaking hell guys
can get 100 likes 100 likes let's let's
see how that one oh you got 100 dislikes
this is a 12-minute video and I'm at 2
minutes 25 min seriously this entire
video is it's gonna be me reacting for
this longer hold on let me skip forward
I can't call me bothered are we meeting
yeah my party girl oh oh
calm down lad you got a Britney notebook
again now we're talking
hey just yes we did this has got to be a
joke can't believe this this is just
this is my baby for you to smile blatant
disrespect for everything how can you
prove the innocent breaking notebook
across the room you've done school this
video I'm finished I'm frickin done okay
here we go we got another video here
roasting made with viva video yep scrap
that next video next video see Phuket
oh we stabbing Ono was not what I think
it well yep it definitely was my boys
are lethal
your boys are shit my none is better in
it hello Drake yeah I've got got
something I've got some phenomenal book
coming rappers have just found them on
on YouTube literally their lyrics are
just insane yeah I'll send you the
channel yep okay okay sweet by the shop
YouTube evolved there was rat cougar
fucking little George short oh just when
I thought I could get it worse he's just
made up of freaking words
yes we do
Oh God oh geez guys when the Rose the
too harsh I smashed mom look at me with
a boom mom I've just been watching this
little kids video he says it's going to
smash you and then lick your bum if you
guys them say about that yeah she's good
to have goals but oh my god oh ha ha ha
Jesus coming down the world
hashtag savage Mormon my frickin gosh
okay I think we've got time for one more
video okay I found a video guys roasting
morgg's 4555 views better play this this
guy pulling quite preview 17 likes 518
dislikes
oh god this video must be absolutely jet
full hey guys Yemen and today I have
something very important to tell you
guys we're roasting more Walter is that
a constipated donkey fuck constipated
don't get half oh my god merciful you're
brilliant like we like their flame a
that's actually funny he'll get that one
thank you oh god no I'm not a big fan of
the sound effects though there's like
six of them speaking at once this is too
much for my head look lady maybe pray
hey next time again oh no oh no we just
showed a match attack to the camera hey
so ugly
there's anybody I've reacted to in this
video I've been old enough for the
actual platform I don't think so guys
how could he be old enough to be on
YouTube I've absolutely no words for
this he can't play pokemon go so mad
Pokemon girl I'm not taking this you can
insult me all you want but you can't
insult my freakin Pokemon I don't want
to be horrible to this this main kid but
look at that freaking chin I mean you
can say all you want about weak chins
but freaking out that looks like an
ice-cream cone like keep my eyes away
from this guy because you could poke one
of them out like I'm genuinely scared
for the other kids is weird because
they're freaking ice could be poked out
to get too close to him geez we hate
Morgan be under yeah that's that's it
Lance
oh Jesus crikey well that was more
roasting videos I'm actually really
enjoying all these like reacting to be
grossed in me and all honestly guys
these are all really really funny like I
do this because it's funny none of this
stuff really offended me so don't go
over to these people's channels and hate
on them that's taking a joke seriously
and by doing that you're not really
helping me it's this kind of like
ruining the fun in a way for you guys if
you want me to react to more videos
roasting me then leave a like on the
video and also leave a comment down
below but yeah guys because about it
hopefully by the next video my pink hair
will have worn off and hopefully by the
next video we have hit a million
subscribers guys I encourage you to go
and add me on snapchat Twitter and
Instagram so you can see all the live
reactions and all the live stuff when a
million subscribers obviously we are
extremely close by the time some of you
are watching this I imagine we'll avoid
a hit well guys thank you all so much
for all the crowd for the moment all the
support I have an actual full video
about hearing a million subscribers out
for ya guys honestly I can't wait and
I'm just so thankful guys are really out
but yeah that's about it for me so as
always I've been warned you guys been
awesome and I'll see you in the next
video peace
Oh your dread is bigger then remember to
subscribe to lovelies
and don't forget to live a life do you
have a big penis thanks for watching
inside
