oh hello guys and welcome back to
another video and today what I'm gonna
be doing is I'm gonna be pranking my mom
what I have right here is a bottle of
liquid ass you may have heard of this
stuff basically it's supposed to
literally just smell like rotten inside
supposed to be horrible now I have never
smelled this thing and I thought rather
than trying out on myself and seeing
about it is let's just victimize my mom
instead because I'm such a nice person
like now just before I've run you
through the plan I want to say a crazy
like off this video if we could hit a
thousand likes on this video
honestly that I'd just be amazed and I'm
not sure if we can do it guys it's a
freaking crazy goal honestly if we hit
that you just make me so if we can
happen but yeah if couldn't that goal
that I'd be amazing let me run you
through the plan for what's about to go
down so basically guys what's happening
in about five minutes is I'm recording a
video with my mom in that video I
believe will have already gone out
basically the video recording is like a
sour drink challenge I'm gonna basically
be getting a bunch of sour candy
blending it and then trying to drink it
guys that's the video I'm recording with
my mom now what I've been doing
throughout the day is telling my mom
that I've been having really bad stomach
ache and what I'm gonna do as soon as we
finished recording basically I'm gonna
pretend like I've turned off all the
cameras in now actually I won't have
turned them off and then what I'm gonna
do is say I'm going up to the toilet to
go for you know for you you know what
I'm gonna do is spray the absolute
living hell out of the kitchen with the
liquid ass and then go outside in the
kitchen hold the door short and then at
first my mom will think of fard and
she's gonna think I've got something
really wrong with me
my g7x right now my mom is still
downstairs when pretty sure I can speak
quite loudly guys so basically guys if
you look down here my desk I've got a
GoPro Kara for as well as I've got a
Sony camera right here and then I've got
my big 700d now this one will obviously
still be recording because I'm gonna
become I'm gonna turn it off after we
film the video and I'm actually not
gonna but one way to do is wire
recording gonna slip these two cameras
into place in the kitchen so that means
we should get a few different
of the kitchen and that should capture
what's gonna go down
I don't know this prank could go
terribly wrong she could like my war
forever honestly I have no clue guys but
I'm gonna try my best guys I'm gonna
keep this camera because this is another
one will be doing the video if this is a
g7x I'm recording this right now but
yeah guys it's gonna be freakin crazy
I've got the liquid ass I'm all ready
guys it's gonna be amazing I hope you're
excited leave a like if you're excited
guys and mum I know for a fact you're
gonna be watching this um I'm so sorry
I'm really sorry mum
I'm actually Who am I kidding I'm not
sorry so mum this is what you get I kind
of feel bad I'm not gonna lie but mom's
we've got to deal with the consequences
have enough youtubers or so but yeah
guys I'm gonna get this whole thing on
the way leave like it's very excited to
comment down below and yeah basically
let's get this thing started
come on ready to start doing the video
no just this is just a little bit this
is just for the bloopers - I don't love
you Lions for real my stomach is killing
me
probably more honestly my stomach is
just murdered I don't know how I'm
supposed to do I think I need to go
toilet bowl again in patients sake right
unbelievable
the drains that broke somewhere oh I'm
sorry mom oh it's all my hands guys let
me go a little bit it's freakin on me
too a few moments later oh god guys I've
just go down to get the frickin cameras
it freakin stinks guys oh my oh my god
guys ten minutes later Mama's just
returned back I'm a walk let's go see
how she's feeling I'm gonna hold my
breath as much business as I can
mom how was that one it was we do now
just ring bass think why is it what will
say that is liquid us is it my smell
that Suey chow basically yes ah he's not
like it
I was just trying out the house montage
it's like a new air freshener that's not
smelling the stuff in this thing but
always have been thinking I'll just
don't eat the baby not long ago so what
is it in the bin so I looked a little
singing thinking the tax of something's
broken there's some sewage smells coming
was that the plan all along to end up
with out there yeah really yeah I'm
sorry mom I love you even though you
have smells well guys you've enjoyed
this video they remember to leave a like
I just want to say to mom again I'm very
very sorry Susie life I do not recommend
getting liquid ice or pregnant or my
face absolutely horrible I probably
won't be doing any pranks again I think
that's a little bit too far but thank
you all so much for watching this video
if you've enjoyed them to remember to
leave a like on the video and also leave
a comment down below tell me how are you
doing
tell me all you days go and just just
talk to me thank you all so much for
watching I know it's I've been mold you
guys been awesome and I will see you in
the next video peace
oh if you enjoyed the video then
remember to subscribe in mugsy's channel
and don't forget to leave a like if you
have a big team thanks for watching
