little that I put on the eye hello guys
and welcome back to another video and
today as you can tell I am joined with
my mom how are you doing I'm fine Morgan
you guys so basically guys in this video
my mom's gonna be going in the ice pack
and that is because in my last video I
said this nice video guess the bottom
line I'll make her do it so if we check
the video now guys it is on 85 thousand
likes so I think it's glad to see that
you guys wanted to see a cable in the
ice bar so that's exactly what we're
going to be doing today really scared
that's not good is it okay basically
guys if this video gets to forty
thousand likes
I'll make Bruno really nice buff guy
I'm joking guys I just need likes guys
help me out leave a like okay what if we
get forty thousand likes I've got set
challenge for Morgan and it'll be
something really really funny that it
will not want to do doing what guys
smash boy thousand likes and we'll do
something crazy how about that so if we
take them through the door and into the
bathroom we can actually give them a
look ah the actual ice bath now at the
moment there's no ice in it because we
have added a yeah of course for as you
can see it report a before of last time
and now after we are poor literally like
150 thousand more these in this bath
literally has 500,000 Orbeez in for more
the main question is worse
where's the ice out in the kitchen okay
come on let's go get the friggin ice
more value in ice time here we go
what am I supposed to work this
challenge say bye to Bruno he wants to
wish me luck
what y'all say Bruno good luck mommy
high five Monica hi babe how are ya
it's not a really bad challenge to do
now I hope I'm going to survive and I
can keep taking you for walks and look
after you comment down below
hi stag salvage Bruno here it is
likewise take upstairs take the eyes
upstairs she's carrying the ice talk to
a nice bar but I just don't even want to
do I'm probably gonna die it's all their
fault guys we're gonna get the main
camera settle and then we can get this
frickin video rolling leave a like if
you're excited one like Eagles one
prayer for mom because she freakin needs
it look at how small shoes literally why
do you guys believe I'm six foot one
look look why don't you believe me
okay guys we are all set up literally
look at this thing is so freakin full
which I think when she gets it they're
all just gonna like come on to the fore
just come out the bar and we've got the
ice they're ready to put in we're just
waiting for Mom she'll be here any
minute
okay then guys here we freakin go the
cameras set off the ice is ready the
buff is ready the woman is ready so yeah
guys this thing is literally fall to the
top like I don't think we could even fit
any more than 500-thousand all these six
bags of eye
stop watch mom are you ready we're going
to time guys eight minutes like the
previous challenge
can you do it mom do you reckon you can
do it three two one go good it's going
good I'm positive I'm pretty positive 6
600 just put your foot down ok there we
go the timer has now started mum how are
you feeling how are you feeling I feel
like I'm sitting on yelling oh oh my
gosh oh oh my god holy fire is it gold
the eyes glazed I threw my clothes now
Oh howling the Bucks go how long we got
dear you've got a long freaking time
that's how long you've got to go oh my
god good couple of bombs freezing I'm
sana
how big this will be spinning awful to
my legs and my bond the words Oh close
the helping really really cold
I like to go pins and needles now ah ba
ba ba pins a needle rubble rock on which
part here's the moose my legs look about
before I genuinely I feel like squirm
vroom oh my legs don't know but the top
obviously sobotka male the back your
life into the bottom of the bass
I'm just strong and about always having
us out here bed oh oh you feel awful in
a minute you go about together I can't
reveal the information oh no that's my
look at this big chunk of my ceviche
with that went on you on your night one
there oh why shame baby like that oh no
I'm sorry oh no mom I feel bad fear
relax it'll give me on dolly oh yeah big
friggin always it won't be who is it oh
you feeling it Oh cold don't know bro
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo okay to the table
today you are very close you're very
close you can choose to get out now
or will you fight through it you are
very close honestly my life should not
now have to go I think dented let's go
you are extremely close come in you're
horrible I'm not entrusting you again
and I'm never doing any time
and you're so close trust me you're so
close
you're so close mom fight through it go
I will say it I can't see my fingers no
listen let me say this let me say this
you are inches away from women you've
only got three minutes left
you are absolutely joking oh my god
seriously
no you're very you've got less than that
you've got a lot less than that
oh Allah movin now Oh little that eyes
look at all the eyes look at all the eye
attaboy
14 13 12 11 12 13 14 13 12 11 10 9 9 9 9
9 9 9 8 6 5 4 3 2
Oh get out how do you choose won't get
me out there you go
come on move along he's out he's freakin
done at once give her a round of
applause give her a round of applause I
cheat on it
here is your champion yeah Oh dear me
what a nice I want if we gonna clean
this up well how am I gonna clean this
up how you feeling mom that's the main
question about milking ensure you're a
shot in the mirror there
well mom would you ever do that again no
explain how it felt
I explained how much it hurt a lot how
much do the high altar my legs were the
worst y'all about yeah some of the eyes
thinking is my ultimate both are Cushing
their beds oh we should do with all the
Orbeez then guys guys freaking it don't
fall
thank you well done you've proved always
wrong what do they hate to say nothing
yeah you're as a mess that's a shame for
you in it
well guys guys the end of this video if
you've enjoyed then our Libyan our what
what should I do if they've enjoyed and
leave a like leave a like and subscribe
and if you don't just subscribe
subscribe and leave a like yeah leave a
like and comment if you want to see more
of this on all that nothing a little get
more name tell me in the comment section
if you want to see more more lettering
challenges or me doing Jonathan's
laughter I like well guys that's the end
of this video I she said please leave a
like if you enjoyed if we good guess
who's the like all of sir
as a 4th I was 14 victory I was away
like 5,000 lights would be incredible
thank you to Mom for joining me
congratulate her in the conversation
below anyway guys leave like enjoyed
subscribe if you're new and as always
I've involved you've involved you guys
been awesome we will see you in the next
video peace out if you enjoyed this
video then remember to subscribe to
mugsy's channel and don't forget to
leave a like if you have a big penis
thanks for watching peace out
