oh hello it's been like two months since
you lost gaming video why don't you do
all for God's sake look I've just been
uploading different content I've been
having a really fun title can upload a
freaking gaming video okay okay a load
of freaking gaming video you're happy
now also you are twelve-year-old why you
cheek so red I don't know why my genes
are so and just stop forget asking me so
as you guys probably know by now I'm not
very good at many games see most gamers
have like a specific game that they're
good at me I'm terrible at Call of Duty
terrible fever I was literally just
terrible every game I played on till now
he freakin reading over you w a 2k in
fact what it either one 2k15 2k16 2k 17
I'm the best to any of them ladies and
gentlemen in this video I'm gonna be
showing to you why I am the king of BB
2k 16 or 17 just whatever what either
one either one I'll play 17 in the video
today just get ready guys just get ready
so guys I've got an offer for you if you
want me to play wb2k 17 against my momma
for a separate video then leave a like
on video if this video gets a 15,000
likes and I will do another video on
dildo be 2k 17 against my mob love you
freaking hilarious guys just move out
the corner oh yeah guys are you ready to
witness utter domination at this game
you better get ready like you better get
ready the headset is going on everything
getting real right now
okay guys I'm going online we're gonna
see who's playing this games you know
what what much are we gonna do let's do
to start a one-on-one let's do Hell in a
Cell yeah definitely Hell in a Cell what
character do we choose basically you
know what lads there's only one man only
one person we can be boys you should
already know who we're gonna be there's
only one man hustle loyalty respect it's
frickin John Cena it's freaking John
Cena boys never give up never give up
there's some sort of roadworks going on
outside lights what the hell okay I can
still hear them and I've got my window
shot why's this life okay come on answer
oh we found a game we found freaking
game bound up oh no didn't know we
didn't know we didn't know didn't we
mono just car oh my god
I literally just can't find an opponent
I just can't his lies I just don't know
we even got to find a game day to day
sleep they thought oh come on
we couldn't find all my day just bought
this game alright guys quick change
apply literally nobody plays this game
online so let's just do a freaking
30-man Royal Rumble instead who are we
gonna be though who are we gonna be you
already know we're gonna be like we're
gonna be freaking Johnson we're gonna be
entry number one let's just freakin do
this oh boy oh boy
areas never give up never give up never
give up never give up why does he look
like he's 80
he's so terrible in the game our
pressure now look at this look at this
all could him slide into the ring sign
into the DMS John Cena hi there boys
who's going to be entry number freakin
to come on who was it oh my god it's
Goldberg oh Jesus he's like 92 rated on
Oh God oh no oh Jesus okay this is good
oh no okay Oh Oh what's that what's that
Goldberg may yeah that's true I DDT I
know where that's right sit down
Oh big elbow drop bully I may be off the
ropes
Oh shoulder tackle sit down mate eight
seven six
oh god it's our to get out get out okay
okay okay
how do we get in okay beat beat Oh
Goldberg helping me go myself with me
Goldberg helping me oh she always almost
gone he's almost gone he's almost gone
oh no oh my holy survivor always Kevin
Kevin Owens no one likes you do what
they ask you how you are you just have
to say that you're fine when you're not
really fine but you just can't get into
it because they would never understand
how I like it
oh that's it that's it push him up John
Oh No
Oh Oh in it oh god let's go go let's go
Goldberg's go oh my god Oh sick
who is Murphy who's this guy
it looks like a freaking crossdresser
hey Charlie believe me what the hell
yeah sure
sit down oh now he's actually got me
again okay big Oh No
okay I'm pressing all the wrong buttons
okay nah Murphy honestly Hey oh yeah oh
oh why is ever going for me why am I
getting double-teamed this is not fair
Daniel Bryan is coming in Oh No hey yeah
that's right that's right that's right
that's right that's right that's right
Oh another one see you me see a Fandango
Oh ready for this are you ready for this
oh my gosh we hit the AAA we hit the AAA
a few moments later
ladies and gentlemen I have found my
game boys I found my game I've mastered
this game nope nope
why don't love you lying why are you
always right I don't want to win anyway
guys I just I don't know like it's
rigged I tell you now it's tricking big
I'm still a challenger in the church one
on one Hell in a Cell like I tell you
now it was freaking John Cena I'm being
100% serious Chris Jericho may fall the
way Chris Jericho I'll be against
breaking John Cena I want to be at
fricking WrestleMania I'll match no
always poor freakin title on the line
boys Chris Jericho John Cena let's
frickin do it I'm freaking killing and
shuttle touch fire shots fire
come on Jericho our seniors go oh oh sit
down Cena technician sit down you can I
don't get that song man get myself sit
down I get option the girl Tina sit down
sit down
I've gotta see you together see oh oh
okay oh okay enough about that in the
microphone oh I got a sledgehammer
oh yes seen it what's that me
what's that Cena would that what you're
too slow oh yeah sledgehammer me what's
that I'll another one I don't know the
one having oh there you go
he just removes the signature are you
kidding me you know oh no Cena put down
the arm I can see you man I'm pretty
sure I can freakin see you right now
he's goofy a a he's going to frickin AAA
let's go for a
okay okay okay said it says anything
with his fingers laughter I see you mate
what was that oh no oh no oh no guys but
this is good this is good this is good
trust me like this is this is anything
but good oh okay
what what this time it's time oh the
wall the wall a little bit over yours
not quite oh and then twist with him
twist with him he's fighting against it
the walls of Jericho come on
he's got him he's got him oh wow all
those anticlimactic wasn't it see enjoy
people what why would you pin him I
tried to I press be a press B oh gotta
be kidding me
what's that what's he doing here then oh
oh oh god call of God oh no mate no mate
take that yeah for you to OD dodged it
how is he dodged Allah
oh my god
pa pa happen almost twice nice absolute
oh my god just found this random nail on
the floor
and this dude wasn't there before anyone
well if you want me to play this game
again against my mama maybe I can
actually be her then yeah leave a like
on the video if you want to see me play
my mum 15,000 likes and I'll do a video
against my mum playing this game yeah
baby you guys please subscribe to the
channel as always I've been born with
you guys been awesome I'm after you in
the next video peace if you enjoyed the
video then remember to subscribe to
mugsy's channel and don't forget to
leave a like if you have a big penis
thanks for watching please are happy
