hey guys and welcome back to another
video and today what I'm gonna be doing
is answering the most frequently asked
question that I get asked on YouTube how
did you lose weight now if you've
watched any of my other videos you
probably know that they're basically
just me messing about for 10 minutes and
having a laugh however this video is
gonna be a lot more serious you're gonna
be seeing a different type of side to me
today that's because this is a serious
topic I'm gonna be talking about and
yeah guys I'm just gonna be talking you
through with my weight loss and giving
you some tips on how you can lose weight
this is my most frequently asked
question behind are you 12 so yeah guys
we saw the video if we could get 15,000
lights on this video that would be
absolutely amazing honestly that's an
absolutely incredible goal that's the
freaking crazy god I don't know if you
could do it honestly if we're gonna hit
that goal you just made me like the
happiest person ever literally and also
it could subscribe to the channel if you
are new I be amazing because if you look
at my sub car we're now past 900 K we
are literally so close to the million
guys it's amazing so let's take you back
to my childhood guys I mean I'm still
kind of I'm still kind of a child but
let's take your fights like when I was
young so when I was really young in
primary school I wasn't really fat at
all I was actually really skinny to be
honest it was about year six I kind of
started eating badly and a funny story
about how my kind of weight gaining
picked off it was basically in like year
4 year 5 at school there was a train
going round you know how there's like
pokemon cards and that they got fun so
as a star new trend and the trend was
who is that you get inside kinder eggs
just laugh it up guys I have no clue so
basically you've got little dogs after
school every day find like 4 kinder eggs
eaten them all just to try and get these
toys was I was like four that were
really rad everyone one people had like
a bag of toys used to like ten in there
mine was like a freakin drug stock and
no but seriously guys that was kind of
what I'd say kind of kicked off and then
from there I just start eating badly and
when you see a teenager that's lost a
lot of weight a lot of people just jump
to the conclusion this is all to do with
puberty just growing up and obviously
like the high growing a lot of people
just assume that that's why I lost the
weight now that was partially the reason
for me like I'm not gonna say they had
no effect whatsoever but it wasn't all
like a as I went through puberty and got
a lot taller all just disappeared no it
wasn't because it up obviously I'm 6
foot 1 I grew a lot and people obviously
helped me a lot just growing up so yeah
that's worth the mention guys but it
wasn't
the only reason why I lost weight I want
to say it was the main reason at all now
one of my biggest regrets is that when I
started losing weight I didn't take a
single photo of me like in the mirror
basically I've got photos and that so
there'll be photos throughout the video
the problem was I never actually took
any like topless photos and that which
is really annoying
it could be worse guys it could be worse
so skipping forward to when I was really
up my worst in terms of my way it was
last year and it was around the start of
last year last year be in 2015 because a
lot of you guys may be watching this in
2017 because obviously we're really
close to that now and yeah I actually
weighed about 14.5 stone it was around
that and I was I was um I was 14 or that
was I 14 no I was I was I was 13 at the
time guys my god so yeah I was 13 years
old and I weighed about 14.5 40.6 stone
ish now the way I was going I was going
down a really dark path guys trust me if
I understand living weight I do not know
what would happen I mean it hadn't got
to the point yet where it was like
serious in terms of I couldn't walk or
anything I was alright I could walk I
could I could bike that was I played a
lot a sport bike don't believe or not
I'll get more into that later but it
wasn't like fatal it was alright I could
still do normal day-to-day stuff bye it
was a struggle guys I got so much
illness I got so much sadness and yeah
obviously you guys know I've been doing
youtube since I was really really young
I've been doing YouTube since I was
about 11 like on and off with different
channels in terms of this channel that
you're watching right now I started this
around the time when I was like really
really fun most of the stuff you
obviously most of the images now I'll be
playing will be from this channel from
my old videos because here's the thing I
didn't take many pictures and when I was
fat but I have all this stuff on my
channel right now all the old videos
which I can look back on it I'll show
you guys some of them obviously as we go
through the video but yeah now here's a
picture of like me at my worst as you
can see I'm not I'm not looking too good
at my guys and yeah basically guys on
the photo I'm stole it like this holiday
place and that holiday I was vlogging on
this channel but yeah when I actually
decided I'm gonna start losing weight it
was I'm getting so confused - it was
2016 now it was last year so it was 2015
yeah okay it was 2015 guys so the time I
decided to start losing weight
early 2015 it was actually a bullish
actually remember because April I had a
break of school and then I went on
holiday they were fuzzy saw so I decided
to start losing weight around April of
2015 now I feel like a lot of the reason
why I started losing weight a lot of
reason why I wanted to start losing
weight was actually because of YouTube
now I'm thinking of doing a complete
separate video on this where I actually
talk about how I personally feel YouTube
actually helped me to basically save my
life and I'm not even allowed guys if
you want to see me do a full video on
that again leave a like term in the
comment section but yeah as you guys
know I've always wanted to do YouTube
since I was young but as I was getting
fatter I was getting more like depressed
I was getting more sad I kind of
realized that the content I wanted to do
it would have been significantly harder
to do it if I was overweight I kind of
think YouTube helped me to lose weight
and then losing weight helped me to do
YouTube because I feel like the stuff I
do now if I was still fat I couldn't
have done it because I is it's harder
everything's harder when you're kind of
bigger and I just feel like without
YouTube and maybe wouldn't have gotten
the motivation to start losing weight a
lot of people wake up one day and just
think today I'm gonna lose weight it
wasn't really like that for me and
actually previously tried to lose weight
gone on many other diets before which
hadn't been successful but this time I
just felt like you know what I need to
sort my game out because my direction I
was going nowhere doing terrible in
school I was doing terrible on the
youtube front I wasn't growing up in my
videos were just trash I mean I'm not
gonna lie after my holiday around April
time 2015 I just I started losing weight
I'm gonna talk through a little bit a
few of my tips obviously I'm no expert
losing weight guys I mean look at me I'm
not like a personal trainer or anything
like yeah I'm just gonna stand help you
guys out because obviously a lot of you
guys been asking me but to be perfectly
honest guys in my opinion I think losing
weight is more about mindset than
anything basically I think once you get
in your head that you want to lose
weight once you get in your head do you
want to lose weight and that will help
you and you just know that you won't
stop enough and if you know you want to
lose weight then you can freakin lose
weight all the times before when I tried
I was just kind of doing it but this
time I just knew if I want to be more
happy I need to lose weight if I want to
just be able to truly feel happy in
myself I want to lose weight and in it
claim something quick and I just thought
I'm ready please I'm gonna
I'm gonna give it my everything so what
did I do you may be asking basically
first thing that in a book to gym
membership now one thing that help was
exercised was never really my problem
dieting was my problem and when I was
younger I was playing football like
every freakin day but the problem was I
wasn't playing football and then going
home I was playing football and
afterwards just getting a freakin
Chinese takeaway every single day after
we played football it became like a
routine for me so exercise was never
really my problem I only did a lot of
exercise the problem was dieting so that
was the main thing I need to work on
however but I did go ahead and book a
gym membership just because as I got a
little bit older I kind of started
playing a little bit less football it
was tricky for me in the gym because not
only was I young I wasn't strong
obviously I wasn't even close to being
fully developed I'm still not I mean
look at these I get with the gym quite a
lot and there's just there's no building
it's no building I can't do it
no it seriously guys Lee I started slow
basically just like just like everyone
when you when you're big I started slow
now what I was doing mainly was the
treadmill because it's just the best way
to lose weight treadmill in my opinion
running just in general running and I
thinks it's the best way to lose weight
so I did a lot of that I also do love
cycling or doing rowing but yeah I talk
mainly about the treadmill because
that's in my opinion the main things
that kind of helped me in terms of
exercise now I started off doing
one-mile runs now the first time I did
it I remember the one-mile run took me
about 17 minutes and basically guys what
I was doing was I started on like 5.8
miles per hour speed and every time I
went I just talked a little bit to like
five point nine six six point one I kind
of left on 6.1 a-come go much faster
than that what I would do was
outstanding to longer sessions like
you're doing for my ten minutes to 11
minutes 12 minutes 15 minutes and then
as I lost more and more weight I was
just getting a lot Barre of it because
obviously I was running three times a
week and I was also doing football on
top of that you know exercise with
school so I was doing a lot of running
and it helped me a lot I got it down
like I could run a mile in like 13
minutes ish after after like a month or
two and I was losing weight quite
rapidly now unfortunately I don't have
all the details about how much I lost my
dog pictures so you can kind of tell and
now in terms of diet this this was
tricky I can't remember too much of this
but yeah most nice to be honest I was
having chicken so I used to do is have
chicken on breadcrumbs now what I do
just our fresh chicken with like mashed
potato and that and I was having like
chicken fish is well corner don't
necessarily think it's the nicest thing
ever but I was having that quite a bit
because that's just really good and then
salmon to salmon is literally one of my
favorite food and then one of the main
reasons I got fat was the takeaways
literally I would have takeaways every
single week I'd have like two or three
at least KFC McDonald's you name it I
genuinely just stopped having them 100%
I just stopped having takeaways what
surprised me was I didn't have takeaways
for about four months tray and then I
had one genuinely just didn't taste nice
whatsoever and honestly guys it was so
hard at first but you've probably heard
this a million times but genuinely it
did get so much easier now it wasn't all
like easy for me I didn't just keep
doing that and then I lost weight
what happened was it got to August time
when I finished school and I went on
holiday with my dad
no van in mind all the way up to this
point I had been doing YouTube I've been
growing a little bit faster than usual
Bob I was uploading like once a week
just because I was putting most of my
focus in to weight losing and you can
tell by these pictures how much Ashley
lost from the earth from the April to
the August roughly May June tonight
August about four to five months of
straight weight losses and you can
really see just me huge in videos how
much better I got looking in terms of
like a lard gone off my face I didn't
have much on my face at the time but I
was still quite chilly I dropped a few
sizes I'd gone from like a large size
extra-large to like a medium slice
large-ish I went on holiday in August
time for that holiday I was like to my
dad hey I'm gonna have a good time this
holiday you're gonna give myself a week
which was the holiday length what I just
just have a treat week and then
basically I got back home off the
holiday it didn't end the treat week
didn't end I mean I'm not gonna say like
sardian bad again because I was nowhere
near as bad it was like when I was fired
just completely gone from them I start
having more takeaways again started
having a lot more sweets and yeah the
reason this laws was because number one
I couldn't get back into the routine
obviously having the seven days was
completely screwed up the routine and -
this was actually the time where I
decided to absolutely just go for
YouTube and smashy I felt like it was my
time to kind of pursue YouTube and
actually go Bert
basically got to 10k subs by Christmas
time so it was like alga September
October November December so four months
again basically from August ish to
December a nice to accumulate 10k
subscribers but the problem was I
started gaining weight again because
over Christmas time my only was I going
to the gym a lot less frequently but
it's snowing no one plays football at
winter at least I wasn't playing
football or winter I'll do minimal
exercise my diet got a little bit worse
no significantly worse but to the point
where I was gaining weight and yeah and
yeah this is what I look like in August
time obviously you've already seen and
this is kind of what like around
December time and yeah by December time
I just thought like what the hell of a
dog I ain't even said in terms of how
much I lost from August this is confused
and turns the pounds are lost from April
to August I managed to lose about two
stone Asian and by Christmas I can't
speak and then by Christmas I'd put on
about seven pounds of it back just just
kind of roughly and it's kind of a good
time to have this realization because I
was a time that the weather was getting
good again I started playing football a
lot more yeah and as well as that I've
got my gym membership back I was going
to the gym again and then this was the
same time that I was growing my channel
videos on 10k subs I started growing
really really fast picking up really
quick
and obviously that YouTube growth helped
motivate me to start losing more weight
and just keep losing weight now this
picture I'm about to show you was about
March time and then it would say that it
wasn't really fat anymore but I still
kind of felt like I wanted to lose more
I like I knew how to lose weight because
obviously I'd already done it
once it was like I'll do it again but it
was just easier because like I'd already
done it once once you do like the first
month of losing weight honestly you get
into the rhythm as the year progressed
they got better and better and better
and then yeah here we are right now now
before I tell you how much I weigh now
was started doing at about September
time but I actually changed on my plan
at the gym now I was still
ruining our still keeping in shape the
wild Jim was I was also trying to build
muslin taking a kind of different
approach to the gym in terms of life why
I went I was going more till I do
weightlifting and that now the problem
is with my age you know I'm a village
just gone 15 kind of I went 15 in August
and 15 in August there isn't so much I
can actually do in terms of like bulking
because I'm still too young but yeah
that's about September time I weighed
about 10 stone and now I weigh about
10.5 stone for the 5 pounds is obviously
the muscle that I've gained but yeah I
went from 14.7 ish stone 14.6 stone to
10 stone from losing the weight then
yeah now comparing to bike when I
started at the gym obviously when I
started I could run a mile in about 18
minutes now I can run one in like 5 and
1/2 minutes ish that's not a treadmill
to like there's only so far you can go
on a treadmill without literally being
like inches from falling off me obvious
I don't do much running out and about I
just prefer on the treadmill while I'm
at the gym now when you compare that to
when I starred like honestly it's
freaking amazing and I'm so happy with
myself and being able to do that iPod
compiles on the screen right now in
terms of how I look then how I look now
and you can see it's pretty freakin
crazy now again I'm just so like
disappointed that I didn't take a photo
in the mirror and it did when I was all
obviously a lot bigger but was it
amazing to do like a comparison of then
and now boy well guys I mean please at
least I lost away why I always say when
people ask me how did you lose weight
well I always say is if you truly want
to lose weight then you can lose weight
anyone can lose weight if they want to
lose weight it's gonna be hard it's
gonna be freaking are there's no easy
way to lose weight there's just no easy
way there's no cheats for losing weight
I mean things will help you out but
there's no you can't just lose weight
overnight it's a long process but you're
going to more specifics obviously recap
in here in terms of why I recommend in
terms of exercise I'd say run in
preferably outside if you can in terms
of food it's okay to like have a tree
every now and again just try and eat
healthy people yeah in terms of light
the whole YouTube linking in with
losting I'll do another I think I'm
gonna do another video on this
altogether
I do personally feel the YouTube saved
my life like you've a nerd on YouTube I
don't think that have been any reason
for me to lose weight I don't think
anything what a kick started me losing
weight and I feel like without YouTube I
want the lost way without losing weight
I wouldn't have liked gotten to where I
am now on YouTube so those two I think
just like helped each other but yet
honestly guys I really really hope you
took some form of motivation or
inspiration from this obviously I get
these questions all the time about how
did actually lose weight so I hope this
did help you unfortunately there isn't
like a step-by-step guide on how to lose
weight there's no like hack to losing
weight there's no cheat really it's hard
but you know honestly guys if you're
happy with yourself you don't you don't
have to you like as long as you're happy
with yourself
who cares what other people think
there's no point booking a gym
membership and then not go in if you
booked a gym membership go to the gym
there's no point buying fresh chicken
and freshest whitefish if you're not
gonna be in you gotta eat it you gotta
just get stuff and you got to do it my
dad helped me a lot with losing weight
because he's good at this stuff
and he helped me in terms of like the
food and that so yeah guys I just say if
you want it just go for it and if you go
for it you can do it you can freakin do
it you can do it guys I believe in you
watching this if you want to change if
you feel unhappy with yourself just just
you can do it man I believe in you
probably really really cringey but
whatever I feel like I've sold this hope
as well as I can guys if you want a more
in-depth video as I've said just leave a
like on the video and tell me in the
comment section below if you leave a
comment down below or a question I'll
try my best to reply as many as I can
helping you guys out obviously I'm no
expert I never claimed to be an expert I
know there'll be a lot of people are
there that can relate with me in terms
of being young and like wanting to do it
I feel that person why leave a comment
down below and I'll try my best to reply
I'm sorry for everyone but yeah I hope
this video helped you guys out I hope
you found some sort of motivation from
this video that's why I did it and yeah
if you've watched this till the end I
really really appreciate you thank you
so much for watching please subscribe to
the channel if you are new all my other
social media all the links will be in
the description below and as always ugly
mugs you guys been awesome and I'll see
you in the next video peace out if you
enjoyed this video then remember to
subscribe to mug this channel
I don't forget to leave a like if you
have a big penis like the word is a
happy
