welcome to the video remember to leave a
like guys so cool hello guys and welcome
back to another video on today I'm gonna
be showing you some hilarious Siri
tricks that you can do on your iPhone
now what I'm about to say is literally
madness right get ready for this year I
cannot believe I'm saying this right but
if this video because he bowels and
likes 50,000 likes I will upload every
single day of December you heard me
right you freakin heard me right
usually I blow once every like few days
or few days if we can get this video to
50,000 likes I will upload every single
day is December so hey Siri how many
days are in December
the answer is 31 days 31 days of more oh
my god this is the biggest light goal
I've ever said well this is the biggest
like reward ever set guys if you can
smash 50,000 likes on this video I
promise I will try my absolute best to
upload every single day of December guys
oh my god and also guys leave a comment
down below telling me what phone you
will currently have because I'm
interested to see how many my viewers
have like an iPhone and how many have
enjoyed that about me I'm interested to
know guys leave a comment and also guys
if this is the first time that you see
my ugly face on your screen never
remember to hit that subscribe button
because we are getting closer and closer
to a million subscribers and if you
could help me get there that would be
amazing so as you know guys I'm gonna be
showing you some really fun and easy
tricks that you can do with Siri on your
iPhone hey Suri tell me a joke
how many iPhones does it take to okay
never mind
hey Siri tell me a story I'm certain
you've heard it before you tell it me
Siri tell me a story
what yeah Terry please tell me a story
I'm sure I've already told you you've
never told me the story so tell me the
story it was a dark and stormy night
no that's not it okay I give up on that
one guys hey Siri do you know morgg's I
found something about Mark on Wikipedia
do you want me to read them to you yes
omocha mortuary is used for the storage
of human corpses awaiting identification
okay okay it runs at the morgue not
morgues hey Siri
you know morgues is information he keeps
bringing up morgues hey Siri do you know
the YouTuber morgues okay I found this
on the web for you to be logs oh yeah
boy hey Siri please sing me a song I'd
rather make it up to the professionals
just sing me a song dummy I'd rather not
I know this one's a little bit old what
hey Siri what does the Fox say
fraka-kaka-kaka-kaka-kow yes my boy
please sing the song I can't sing please
sing me a song you wouldn't like it
yes how much wood would a woodchuck
chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood
I suppose it depends on whether you are
talking about African or European
woodchucks God say hey Siri do you like
me I'm not just your friend I'm your BSS
I finally found a friend this is a
miracle let me show you guys a really
cool trick this one is amazing hello hi
this is not what a people hello hello
your video is a shit Siri is a savage
hello Theory you know all the people
watching this video should leave a like
and subscribe I'm gonna start without
one now how many fingers do I have sorry
I don't understand the word fingers a
bit weird talk dirty to me I can't I'm
as clean as the driven snow hey nobody
told me that would be a test I need to
hide a body I used to know the answer to
this oh damn why am I here good question
anything else I can do for you bye guys
or number I'm having trouble figuring
out what guys are nandus ah she's bloody
useless hey Siri why are you wearing in
the cloud no one knows what you're
wearing will you marry me I should have
received a lot of marriage proposals
recently I don't like you I'm doing my
best
oh this is a good one how old are you
enough to be your assistant
though she's gonna say old enough to
what is your mom's name I would rather
talk about your calendar of dinner plans
all the people watching this video
should leave a like and subscribe are
you human I'll leave that for you to
decide
okay yeah they should be sure I'm drunk
don't expect me to get you home Oh miss
me balmy taxi
let's see do you want to play a game
games coming right out oh you're taking
me onto the earth on to the store hey
Siri will you be my daddy
oh okay guys I'm gonna try and make us
say that's the end of the video guys
hope you enjoyed go and try some of
these tricks because they're all really
really cool honestly I can sit here and
just chat with you if like an hour is so
freaking funny guys if you enjoyed my
serie said remember to leave a like on
the video so yeah guys 50,000 lights and
I will upload every day in December guys
that is absolutely crazy I can't believe
I've even said that guys it's a really
really tricky goal but you guys want to
see me alone everyday December if you do
leave a like and don't you don't leave a
like actually tell your friends tell you
family spread the word because if you
want to see me alone every single day
for 31 days then we're gonna need a lot
of lights on the video 50 pounds of guys
remember to subscribe if you're new
because we're getting closer and closer
to a million subs as you can probably
tell I mean it's looking really unlikely
that we're gonna get there before the
end of the year but if you guys all help
me out we could definitely do remember
to check my other social medias
Instagram snapchat Twitter and even
check my apparel all the links will be
in description below you don't want to
miss any of them and as always open
balls you guys been awesome and I will
see you in my next video peace out if
you enjoyed the video then remember to
subscribe to mugsy's channel and don't
forget to leave a like
thanks for watching please stop out it
