so this may look like a really fun and
enjoyable always bar however it's pretty
not because this bus is filled with
freezing cold water and as well sir
we've got a bucket of ice
oh no I think you guys may know where
this is going
hello guys I'm walking back to another
video and today we have the Orbeez ice
bath challenge now a god-awful cold
water and always which are literally is
like jelly ball I just think with a bit
of twist a challenge I'm going to be
doing today is I'm gonna have to try to
stay in this back for eight minutes now
basically if I don't stay famous and
there's gonna be a forfeit this is
literally a forfeit well it's gonna be a
forfeit but don't you please inform the
guys it's madness or whatever managed to
stay in eight minutes I'm not to send
tweets out front of Twitter basically
saying like I'm getting coming out again
nothing what would be in gay but it's
like I'm not gay it's not free I want to
be sending guys nothing is nothing
eight minutes in about this cuz we are
just here 800 K on the channel and you
know what we're getting really close now
to a million we're getting closer closer
as the day goes by so if you could help
me get to a million subscribers by just
reading my thumbing the world to me you
may know about my goal 1 million by the
end of the year it's looking so hard
again I believe in you guys if we all
work together subscribe good wicking at
the Nullah moon according this say hi hi
choose know about to say this guy she
generally doesn't write a nice video
gets the birdie polite I'll make her do
this way I'll 7 realized much very vows
and she's gonna do the all behind I've
challenged and shall not take your
girlfriend and I smashed the life
roster I can't believe that you've just
done that to me so yeah we're gonna try
and stake in his eyes but for eight
minutes guys
and I'll tell you what it is not going
to be easy so what we're doing now guys
is add the ice into the button and we
mix around I'm going to get in and then
want to make the timer will stop oh oh
ok you going to mix this all in turn it
melt into the up my hands on
oh my god this is so cold telling young
guys as you can see it's all mixed up
and basically now what we're going to do
is get in the back I have a service kind
of guys won't like equals one grand for
me son either
I scared Morgan I'm absolutely doing
myself a collar so freezing your
briefing already does the eight minutes
begins right no oh oh my god up any
games the time is gonna just kinda like
a cheating more than you are right but I
I'm coaching feel they always talking on
any bottom hold the bike come on you can
do it
Morgan you don't look very good oh my
god Jonica out Morgan oh I am filling in
for the boys you're going to the boys oh
okay
what happens if an ice cube is more than
you really purple in your lipstick line
you know years ago goofy laugh II
autoshop oh honey
ah you're gonna well always in your
mouth is always always
which baby feels the cold eh oh let me
just laughing all these balls are cut
these balls are cold that's what she
said
pick him up to get out you know Morgan
if you if you get you gang Nam on it
it'll matter Balkan would you like an
ice cube on your head
when you try geez
URI oh my god did you say that I was
going to do that like a thousand likes
give me three eleven lines I am not
getting in there although otherwise and
you have to do is it cut it thing
this is no coming moving on self
brightly Oh God
oh dear I don't think you meant to do
that Oh give me around Apulia Oh Morgan
you're making really baby noises oh
that's not very nice to say towels and
I've got one yellow it matches your
color of your body and it's kind of nice
for when you make your announcement on
mute we you've got your nice pink towel
oh my I forgot my got two trio in turn
you're gay
is this your official telling me by the
way no the show a great deal today I'm
good I mean I'm not
couldn't get any grandchildren then no
I'm not dead it's a Morgan are you glad
that you did that look on the lip code
this is seriously my stuff
what look look cut out the therm here
what has happened to my face don't like
some are like horror movie do you think
they'll get very fun likes no guys you
know what to do jail watson AKA moses
mum in the eye fat of do if we can get
34 yards seriously eyes like this is the
first time I just genuinely need you
guys to like this guys don't just like
the video share the video don't dislike
don't just tell one friend tell five
friend guys Morgan are you okay
you are I'm all good Morgan say
something say something
well I think the word part no thanks I
think the most heartbreaking part of the
video is that I haven't even done
thought yeah so I'm gonna treat no guys
I have my finger over the mic at this
point of the video but if you can't see
already the tweet said guys I've been
holding this in for a while I can't go
on without showing it it doesn't change
me as a person but I'm gay it just
sounded so real guys I'm not gay
three two one please it was at this
moment that he knew he fucked up because
I tweeted this I think it deserves I've
ever plugged guys my Twitter up Mort
Woodson Oh
everybody's believed in it it got twenty
ways it'll actually like twenty-second
believe I'm thinking about it what are
the people who want to see the tween and
don't see the video I knew it I respect
that
really I'm glad you're really happy
takes a lot to say that respect well
guys if you want to see the rest of
these replies then obviously go and look
at my Twitter these are like the first
20 I assume this we will just blow up
tomorrow
they Spurs the knife a shiny morning now
and I think I'm punished video live on
Saturday so that means is literally
you're going to be over 24 hours almost
48 hours before someone sees this
guys if you want to see all the rest of
the replies go follow them without more
Hudson leave a life only believer
because I'm not doing this am omitting
guys 30 bar lies not bringing me into it
34 lies mom does it
unlike mom does it they're like share
telling friends now see family no more I
love the guys it because subscribe to
the channel on the journey 4 million
subscribers I'll be amazing how again
kind of clothes how to be amazing your
facility guys on saving the world for me
I'm your little media's Instagram
snapchat and obviously Twitter they'll
all be in the description and I'll put
them all on the screen right now I hope
you enjoyed the video support again
smash generate a father-like smash it
especially smash it ohoho can accompany
you just don't know oh well this is the
aftermath guys oh don't want you got no
idea others always I've been Moors you
guys been awesome and I'll see you in
the next video peace out
if you judge a video then remember to
subscribe to mugsy's channel i don't
forget to leave a like if you have a 15
thanks for watching
shout out to the best
