would you guys just walk at that hello
guys and welcome back to another video
on today what we're doing is something a
little bit different guys today I'm
going to Amy hi why video look at what
we have in here we got a lot supplies
for this video guys it's gonna be a good
one mum's just told me
unless this video gets to 20,000 likes
poona's go to the RSPCA we don't want
that to happen so just just leave a like
guys sister just do it now in
this bag we have to reach 1 million
subscribers by the end of the game this
is literally the biggest goal I've ever
set myself in the hardest goal of ups
and stuff so if you guys can help me out
and subscribe to Chunkin you honestly
you do not know how to I mean to me
that'd be amazing so I'm just going to
youtube the other day and I saw a few
videos on like jelly balls and cones
when you get Co you mix it with gelatin
and basically makes a jelly - it just
looks really really cool so what we're
gonna be doing today is trying out this
massive 2 liter coke bottle and if you
want to see more DIY videos and leave a
like on the video and tell me in the
comment section below you see my
cameraman for today so coconut and put
the gelatine in stirring on a low E and
stir until phone's disappears easy as
that
so to start guys what we need is a pan
but I'm to basically mix the coke with
the gelatine oil it and then it'll make
the substance which we can then put in
the fridge and we show them make
Jellicoe so let's grab a pan this one VR
I get that next one came out of the pot
and then it feel free to like all over
this by the way
yeah option yeah she's taking a while
whoa okay there we go guys
count on it keep the balls you're gonna
need this later all gelatin people want
20 ounce coke and you got stir into long
foam goes Oh guys this is this is
literally horrible and we talk anyway
Morgan it's nice to see in the kitchen
doing some cupcake go closer literally
get my people getting right in it oh
yeah
it's been about ten minutes and you can
see it's slowly coming together if you
want to see me do another video on both
of these the small holes maybe we could
even add a funder in there or just just
just do like five small balls in one
video guys if you want to see that leave
a like on video tell me in the comments
but for now just waiting on this and
then yeah it's gonna be done like like
any minute now really a few moments
later they're not taking ages how long
you been stood stir in that for roughly
five seconds because you will do now
that is just just coke now it's just
about thumbs a ton of effort off but
this is just not really that's fine guys
this talk was about 20 minutes you're
supposed to take about ten but we put on
quite low me so if I don't like make it
quickly gets put on high heat but yeah
so guys now sorted so we want to take
off the we need to leave this to cool or
was about 15-20 minutes in minutes 15 20
minutes guys but while we do that we've
got something we'll need to work on nice
the actual bottle the first thing you're
gonna want to do really simple just take
off the earth take off what would you
call this label
take up the label guys oh yeah yeah we
can play so basically you need to keep
stuck to me to put some we're gonna lose
we need to make a small cut in the
bottle so just make us Marco you need a
sharp knife by the way the small
okay something a little bit bigger
alright guys can see we've made the
court so basically the reason you made
that cut is because obviously you put
the code back in and you're gonna cool
it in the fridge
well how'd you expect to get the coke
out and you have to call the bottle and
remove the bottle but if you make the
cut obviously it's gonna be easier to
move the bottle so that's all 200 she's
reminding me yet you maybe say it's all
gonna come out thank you mom
basically guys why we have this stuff
this is tape oh is it really Morgan yeah
I just can't figure out what I already
need real strong tape sellotape probably
isn't gonna do it so why don't we get
ferociously strong tape find the core
agenda no generally can't find it found
it oh so then cover it guys you might
know better get this table make sure it
stays on there strong you're gonna want
more than one just to make sure
solid lights there we go tape on the
ball let's give this our best shot if
this goes wrong and I'm sorry man okay
okay god they say call this you
you can feel it through the ball let's
get home alright George going on 7 yeah
you're nuts get nuts going on it's all
about precision confessions John Cena
would be proud of you now Morgan sure
why push you've spilt some what's
happened is number one one point of tape
on and number two we spill it so we
didn't have enough cocoa we've added a
bit of water it's gonna be alright but
just when you do it make sure you do it
better than me because I'm an idiot I
want to do about your mom probably fail
everything remove me down to the fridge
now it's dripping but I think it should
be alright guys it should be fine it's
in the fridge it's ready and it is
saying guys so I'm gonna come at you
tomorrow well it's already and then we
can have a walk and jelly bottle of coke
right then guys so it is now the next
day technically and the reason I say
that is because I haven't slept yet
because it's actually about three in the
morning now obviously I'm a youtuber so
if you don't know already most youtubers
sleeping patterns are the best and I'm
no different guys I haven't slept but
now it is time to go downstairs and get
this gummies coke ball guys I am so
excited I left it for about six hours
guys you don't need to do as much as
that I just want to make sure they was
gonna be right and I've got a nice
little space set up here so that we can
have a look at it and also try it so
what I'm gonna do right now is go
downstairs and we can get this gummy
coke bottle and see how it turned out
the big reveal oh my god there it is
okay let me poke it oh okay yeah nice
one hundred percent gummy guys nice
wrapper lid and then the coke guys we've
got everything already I am so excited
right so this is the part that you guys
have most definitely been looking
forward to where we take the tape off
remove it from the bottle carefully and
then we have our gummy coke now I'd want
to say be careful when you remove it
from the bottle that's the reason you
make this way try and peel it and not
break it with it is tricky guys so take
your time I'm gonna take my time because
I don't want to rip
but yeah let me let me give this my best
go there we go guys that's the sweat oh
what'd I am okay I'm buying there we go
it is all off so now we've got the tape
off that's the split right there and we
need to basically try our best to just
pull this back maybe and make a rip all
this is working this is working there we
go looking like we made a massive rip
doesn't when and grab some scissors
because so I just wanted to make sure
that you're perfect but you look I think
that progress we've made here wow we're
almost done
we've just got to finish off this last
little bit I'm three two one fail and
there we go okay so now we've made a
full bridge so if we can just try and
carefully remove some of these pieces
but you don't want to pull them too hard
because you'll end up the grip in the
jelly oh there we go come to Mark's stop
fighting it you jelly pieces there we go
boys and girls we made our very own
jelly coke bottle oh my god let me clean
up this mess oh my god guys that looks
incredible so now we've got you lost
steps to do first we can add our lid
with the literatures place it on there
like that if we get I can't graph it
which we obviously kept from earlier we
can just place that back on - as if it's
abnormal Bhalla cool would you guys just
walk at that you can literally show that
to anyone and they would think that is a
real bottle of coke look at it and
obviously guys the gelatine is edible so
this makes a really good dessert this
makes a really cool just party item and
yeah so now comes the fun part I'm gonna
cut this up I'm gonna try it and this
I'm just so excited guys it's not
amazing okay guys are you ready for this
here we go oh yeah so basically if you
just cook through this you can make your
own little slices guys oh my god would
you look at that oh man that looks
awesome
well guys I think we can all agree
that looks pretty crazy but I think the
main thing you guys might want to know
is how does it taste well guys let's cut
me off the slice and let's find out
there we go guys you've got slice look
at this guys just so freakin cool this
is something I never really thought I'd
be saying but guys let's see how this
slice of coke tastes that actually
tastes like a coke Perabo guys trust me
it's not just the watch it tastes really
good now I got ya talk to it with a
little bit of water because we didn't
have enough and we spilled a bit but it
still tastes nice with a little bit of
water honestly I'm really eager to find
out what it would taste like with the
full amount of coke and the correct
ingredients so if you want me to do any
other one of these videos where we make
some different fizzy drinks gummy number
one leave a like on the video and
comment down below what fizzy drinks I
should do next you want to see Fanta
once he's right you want to see freakin
lucozade I'll do anything guys just tell
me what you want to see in the comment
section below and if we get a lot of
likes on the video and a lot of comments
I'll bring it too but honestly I'm
pleasantly surprised guys the coke is
really really good honestly guys I don't
know about you but that just looks just
so cool I just think that looks so cool
and look at this guy's it's so squidgy
and cool oh my god oh we broke it we
broke it in half I'm gonna I'm gonna eat
this piece right now well guys that is
well before I'm gonna end this video
this really spun and silly video guys
got a real blast doing this and I hope
you guys are forward along and it's out
followed along tweet me your pictures of
you doing this challenge tweet your
pictures of your curveballs or send them
in Instagram and snapchat all the links
will be in the description below and I
want to see how you kid if you did
better than me
if y'all turned up good send me the
pictures to all the social medias below
and also guys remember to subscribe to
the channel
Skype interrupting me oh also subscribe
to the channel if you are new because
I'm really really close to a million
well I mean I'm kind again now once I'm
really close I want to hit it by the end
of the year so if you could help me out
I'd be amazing guys I mean the world to
me and finally leave a like on this
video if you've enjoyed share the word
tell your friends about this trick and
thank you all social watching as always
I've been Moore's you guys been awesome
and I will see you in
next video please out if you enjoyed
this video then remember to subscribe to
mug this channel and don't forget to
leave a like
