oh shoot
we have these start over my vlog well
this is gonna be a massive vlog over the
weekend it's currently Saturday morning
was it 8 a.m. guys and I am off to the
train station that's because where I go
in mom foster home she's always like
this is why I support work so basically
guys I am going to London and I'm gonna
be doing to upload event I was invited
out and I'm gonna be killing with it
your friends you may know who they are
I'm gonna bought the entire weekend in
this one blow now if you're excited for
this video and if you want me to do more
more go out to places like London while
you're all and show you guys and leave a
like on the video that I've shown me
that you guys want to see more of these
vlogs and also leave a comment and maybe
some good blog give some ideas guys
writing boys I just want to quickly
interrupt here trust me it won't be long
but I just want to say that I've just
got done editing this video that you're
about to watch and 100% guys this is my
favorite video I have ever made so
except we work what until the end of the
video guys it's a long one but so much
happens guys anyone I'll let you get
back to the vlog and hope you enjoy my
train leaves from Chesterfield
but like 8:45 arrived at London st.
Pancras about half turn I'm gonna meet
up with the guys go talk blown event
hopefully become one of you guys it's
kind of short notice about planned this
whole thing
a few days ago so I don't know how many
people gonna like know I'm going there a
tweet a few times but how much time to
shout out in a video I think it's time
we get this vlog underway let's do this
right so to our train journeys unreal
out in st. Pancras I got a saying in
station is imagine it's really nice
anyway like my mom now that we've got to
do is get uber to use the London Euston
we're meeting the guys
I've whipped up Ogando
literally the only person in the world
still playing this right work now listen
wait hold on this all these folks stops
and there's not one washer for different
no one plays it anymore tell me about
your experience these guys play this
game can't soil tell you buy yourself a
double down trend
everyone's gonna start doing there soon
site is he changed I'm really doing well
my father's a blogger thank lights we're
going to work to London hey guys it's
alpha K so today we're in London
we've arrived tobacco's are now look at
this it genuinely looks like a like a
prison we think this is the VIP entrance
we've just arrived just arrived
right guys so as you can probably tell
we are no longer alone now the vlog
isn't over but I wanted to add a little
bit to the vlog and this is really
really important right because basically
I'm gonna explain a little bit about the
event line and just explain a little bit
more in detail about what happened and
it kind of did miss a lot key events
obviously I'm new to vlog in and I
wasn't able to capture everything that
happened right so there's lots of costs
and lots of things were miss and that
any different from your perspective I
don't know if I gave you guys a clear
picture of what was actually happening
so first of all I just want to start by
saying the event was literally just
brilliant honestly bad plate to the side
my big they absolutely killed it and I'm
really appreciative of the enviros
League been yeah they did it very very
well I mean I've ever been to one of
their event and I reckon was insomnia
and I reckon this about smashed honestly
it was really good but the event was
kind of just like the actual tobacco
talk there's some stuns in there and
then there was a VIP room which was
where kind of all of the youtubers with
chili just think of a YouTube with a
wine rack that was the room where they
were chillin at 9:00 I just want to
quickly say one thing I noticed a lot
because I didn't meet a lot of youtubers
because obviously I'm 15 through school
it is hard for me to actually go out and
meet them yep everybody was just so
sound like everybody I spoke to was just
amazing like youtubers they're just
really really silent people and it's
kind of like you you have the same hobby
same interests so when you meet them
it's like really really cool and it's
calm and I was kind of like I just walk
your mother bathroom and everyone would
just like chatting the move was so high
I can't always a thunder and shine about
stop and it was amazing and I was
actually vlogging too much if I go
around me and anyone like some of the
people that are watching on YouTube I've
never had to the masses garrymon knows
me and it was really really good I was
late to everybody with that you know all
the sidemen Maria and Joyce for a little
yeah it was just
I was so bummed I had such a good time I
moved on to like you guys happy time I
left like the VIP room yeah
all my days you guys were crazy to be
honest this was the thing that blew my
mind the most yeah I didn't announce on
YouTube I was going I didn't actually
get like announced by the old
motivengine just because I started out
going to the event literally days before
mine two days before I actually got my
tickets or not I'm more surprised me was
the amount of you guys but I'm getting
chuckling Joe I mean me my phone was
surprised it was the amount of you guys
but I'm a it was amazing you guys are
all so sound and one thing I want to
pick out particularly was like the
second day of the event your syllabus
was the second day later on but one
thing I missed because I was off guard I
was walking into the event on the second
day just literally walking in and I was
planning on going to like the VIP room
and dropping off my bag then obviously I
don't have to meet people yet I was
walking into the event i Matthew lives
like a few photos not developed into
another group was a few more photos
before I knew it yeah security were over
and Timor a massive line it just in the
middle of the event no I'm the schedule
me angry 90 thing like it was some
amazing guys honestly I think it to
record any footage of it cause like they
called me oh god I was walking in with a
few friends I were walking you to the
event
and then I know we're secure having to
move our lives we were force we removed
women honestly just been scrolling
through my Twitter feed scrolling
through like back to yesterday and you
are my god I've just found the first
photo where you can actually see the
queue let the queue there was of people
to meet me you can actually see it like
the thing was it was like bending around
like a squall ifalcon me I like didn't
get to see the full queue cuz then
record it but you can see like spending
around my blocking the entrances and
honestly it's amazing and there's a
tweet there's someone waiting in the
queue and my oh my god I'm especially
gas Drive just because I don't know I
didn't see one tweet of anyone who
actually got got to manage they actually
see the queue but you can see her and
honestly that's so amazing guys I
the marks I like on the train but on the
train back home again you'll see later
on but on the train back home I'm just a
5-10 minutes just like thinking and I
swear damn I know why I was in fear that
I've I almost in tears thinking about my
life and all of you guys and honestly
like it's in it's incredible
I'm just achieved everything that was a
dream and it just kind of shows that if
you just put your mind to something you
can just honestly you can achieve
anything guys and you know I hope some
of you out there can take motivation
from this an inspiration if you're
someone watching this aspire to be a
youtuber if you're someone watching this
is like thinking I can't do it you can
do it you can you can pray can do it man
I believe in you right there that's
thinking can we do I believe in your
mind go for it
never give up man you can do it trust me
the best time you know I just want to
say again isent thank you you guys but
I'm gonna get back to the vlog now play
you guys see up honestly it was amazing
I just wanna I just wanna thank you guys
mind you just know also I love you all
so much
right guys so we're in the VIP room now
and basically 30 minutes ago yeah when
our side has met like must have been
hundred fifty people hundreds I'm alive
I it's been amazing but yeah we're just
in the VIP room now it's empty am
Ultimo's long I think it was out Diet
Coke and always on the grind yeah it's
been really really good
it was like sure no it's me actually
coming here you got only like two made
one tweet I saw it out literally two
days ago yeah i'ma show you cheers mama
okay
comment down below do you prefer okay my
shiny little Gary Glitter shoes they're
pretty soon they will just say bye oh
man this thing's gone you know gonna
touch his laptop
oh my doo dee doo dee doo dee doo dee
yeah
oh shit
why so with web upload literally it's
been crazy every time you walk are those
just tons of people young shanghaied
into McDonald's I'm hungry
yeah here we go McDonald's trip complete
guys the web is terrible but got free
chicken select go away Ryan as well
I was chillin
probably soon
you only the vogue nachos yeah
I just wanted a few
long ago you are now in the world for
you guys
right so basically it's about four
o'clock now we're gonna go check into
our apartment yeah for their for the
week and I'm going to come back for the
final two hours yeah yeah they don't get
the water yes my way through blogging
there we go weed sweetie okay that's the
more people say hello to the blog oh
yeah thanks a lot guys thanks for
support cheers to that
yeah join this one there you go three
yeah cool man we lot facing spot great
so we've managed to get out of tobacco
dock we're just off to the apartment are
basically right we need to check in and
then we're going to come back to the
event and you know maybe more people
taking my photos but we literally mad
we're late now
we'll check in because I've been taking
photos been good we need to go home
we've arrived at the apartment goes to
the little bitch
I totally understand all right so we've
now arrived in the room
we're going back to upload now there's
literally like an hour left so we're
gonna go catch the last hour I'm quite
tired you know we've got UFC 5:00 a.m.
we're not staying up for that oh yeah I
am definitely I don't care
I'll just get few energy drink I'm the
one who chose a not for that I'm not
missing Conor McGregor right so we're
outside the apartments now just heading
back to upload
literally oh my god get your head out of
the wall but yeah after that we're gonna
go up central London forever I don't
know what good I think we're gonna what
I think we're gonna get te eats on my
nice and maybe do a bit of shopping so
yeah back up load now meet some more
subscribers gonna be literally
you know I believe in the event now in a
muscle group I know what we're doing we
think we are central London I'm starving
on the way to I'm literally the only
person on a still play in this game I'm
holding it I'm just I'm just by myself
having a good time I like you know the
Lions Thames food
the choices are wider moments bad guys
high mortises
hey 13 quid for that 13 pounds baby nice
well absolutely demolished that I tell
you what a lot of money but it's it's
nice
he right there I apologize about the
noise it's probably going to be really
bad but yeah we've just eaten in five
guys and now what we're doing it goes to
Westfield to do a little bit of shopping
bye guys it's a guy coming back I swear
we're trying to find out uber and like
we don't know where it is we found him
we found him guys we found the uber it
took us 12 days but we found the uber
all right then boys ease and girls ease
we've arrived well look at this this
place with my right only the second time
I've been here yeah but basically at the
situation is you've got one hour and 15
minutes due to shopping and this place
is like three stories tall so we're not
gonna be able to get around everything
we get our best shot we've got in walked
in literally like two shots and now I've
been shooting so we're going to try and
see if any stay over layer I need to
drink my fairies genuinely
Oh boys look very much sharp yes Lance
is grab the cinema and a few angerly
can't forget the girls four-person the
four percent of ganaches it's nineteen
to be fair I'm proud of the nine finger
we're a viewer watching a film the girl
on the train is like a drama or mystery
film us and I don't know neighs it's
none of all there is to see so we're
going to see that the film which they
ends at twelve so if I could twelve
we're going to go back to the apartment
so we're just going into the film right
now how a site was it like half mine
Louis about ten you know it's like it's
about ten ten to ten or something yeah
we go leave the film obviously I can't
blog on the trip as you can see I'm just
wanting to go inside so we'll take all
day you guys after and yeah it should be
a really good night
by then boys we just left the Simba
opinions on the film kind of liked it it
was different
believe in Westfield now and basically
what we're doing is meeting up with this
is yes Claire but it's not moving it's
just a mask about this yeah I know the
same thing and we're going to meet up
with Ben and then what we're doing is
going back to the hotel the apartment
it's not home and then basically we've
got five hours to wait until it's us
three so we're running right over
apparently Ben's ordered it yeah and
it's been waiting
yes I'm getting a feeling you pass your
way
amazing
for a year you would have made it into
the apartment building my head is an
absolute mess I think more yeah I get
this guys get this yeah ten quid to our
order what apartment so we could get a
guaranteed balcony and they gave was the
room on the first floor
why would anyone buy a guaranteed
balcony it's just there we go boys wait
don't try this at home
guys this is strength professionalism Oh
WWE ice - another we knew we were yours
you know and then twist with him twist
with him on the phone he's fighting
against
we've made it into the room rather boys
were in the room now in what times I
felt very it's almost free a USC's on a
five boy obviously say no class rather
than boys is quickly about my family to
each other so mate it's just hit 5 a.m.
on the side and I well actually it's
Sunday morning Simon I you know I'm
talking about yeah basically Conor
McGregor is on in literally I don't know
two guys he's on soon basically he's on
soon I do not want to miss him you know
so I'm gonna get us stream up and then
after that I think we gonna head to bed
because I'm knuckle know if you can see
these bags and my eyes I don't never
have bags but I'm just I'm I'm dead boys
I'm dead basically I am just deadlines
honestly I'm I'm I'm knockin I'm gonna
fuck the entire weekend yeah so this
more girls like fallen for you Bobby so
be like it'll be like a day for me bury
guys we're just waiting for Conor
McGregor it's going to be lit Bowie but
basically that's six nine quarter past
six yeah we stayed up literally since
all day I'm just honestly I'm I think
I'm gonna pass out basically yeah it's
finally time for Gregor's coming out
hold on hold on look at this bill goes
Lewis it's literally now yeah we've been
waiting all night
finally monkeys we've been waiting for
ages yeah I tell you guys rapid you
probably already know by the time you
see this Oh
but yet honestly I could just close to
you right now I'm so tired
yeah and when Ben sting by the way if
you're watching this band which you
probably are sorry I like it I feel like
it's just not Ben's closing this turtle
boat is really just dying I died I have
a clue ours they know oh my
a days boys McGregor is just one
obviously I'm happy I said I wanted
we're going to win yeah for me hold on
hold on hold on I the feelings no I
don't feel it out folks was gonna take
Alvarez just just it terrible I mean I
don't want to like him from for UFC
champion of like honestly look at heart
there we go anyway half six right now in
the event is it 10 and I'm just so tired
I don't know one I'll date guys later on
guys I suit I think I don't know right
then guy basically it's the next day and
I don't if you can tell literally I just
I forgot to vlog in the morning I don't
hear there's any practical point but
yeah basically we're waiting now for the
over to upload event itself is Warnock
large here we were supposed to be up at
like 10 and then this one yeah so we'll
upload mass the second day I'm really
high even though I sound I don't know
what sound I've had like no sleep
actually I've had like a few hours sleep
I feel like kinda ready but just like
what kind of rundown I assume look at
these anyway lies anyway like it's gonna
be a good day hopefully me a ton more
drivers sure you should be patient
I do it don't load event
well if you see yourself right you're an
absolute legend look at all these guys
hey cheers guys thanks a lot Jesus
Christ
basically it's a little bit I don't know
which way we're going oh you mean for
you mean um one there you okay yeah
we're leaving right now with a group of
other youtubers random event been really
really going to talk to you more about
in a little bit yo it's kind of this big
carrot right now hey one join me one
thing okay that was meant alright
basically for the past like 20 minutes
we've just been discussing going to none
knows we don't know which one we're
going to yeah it's a challenge right
we're just walking and hopefully we'll
bump into a Nando's I soon
Oh boys that looks delicious
oh my days oh my days well I want them
Instagram as much I know you goin goin
goin goin goin goin goin goin goin
basically lads I've got 20 minutes to
get to Kings Cross and it's three miles
away I think we're gonna get the two but
honestly I may have a bit of a liver
problem oh no I think I'm gonna miss my
train basically the original train would
have lasted two hours I want to go on it
now I've missed the Train mr. Cheney and
again another train three-hour journey
instead of two and I've got to wait 40
minutes on top of that the actual train
just to get on it so looks like instead
of charge
it's gonna be right for
I'm just gonna
to trade with us much fuckin Sheffield
three hours guys three long hours but we
are not
and everything you know Paul my daughter
Mendel I walked in yeah I just wanted
something light through this was the
back entrance I drove is that the
mystical it VIP entrance here I was
walking like the VIP room to put like my
bike down that's why bid I'm there and
you got stopped by a few people would
you photos and then few more and then I
know where I'm literally stood in the
middle of this light just the middle of
nowhere like just a minute it's just a
random place in the whole venue yeah
massive just queue forms and like
security I can just call me just because
I would take up too much space and
there's like they just like a massive
wine just like curving round this like
like banister but yeah it was fair
players good that they all made a line
in that boys just been Manning the
office lights caught me away though I
was not remembering a time unit cell
so they all going super cute to see
emojis rates the Mesa although just
getting like photos that we're doing
basic people's vlog I'm sending my video
messages I must have signed two hundred
things mummy's thing was just terrible
boys oh my god we made it we made it we
made it home we made it home we made it
oh my days my geez walk what a weekend
my oh my god okay I'm gonna talk to you
for a little while the guys like
seriously now yeah because um why I got
some awesome stuff to say a little bit
mature right I figured that if you watch
into this part of the blog then you
probably you probably like support like
a real true suppose I say that yeah so
like I'm supposed to quickly say hi this
weekend is just like gotta giving me
like it's mental like that he's given me
it's just like made me realize like how
amazing this is yet you see my tweets
over the past few days you probably like
already know like this but like the fact
that like a year ago or nobody like a
year and a half ago let's say I was like
I wasn't happy with myself as a person
what's happening with my body I wasn't
happy with the direction I was going in
terms of my future I wasn't happy with
my friends I wasn't happy with like
anything really I was just like I was
just a bit like depressed in a way and
like I had not been going for me I
wasn't good anything really but I had a
dream I had a dream that no one day I'd
be I'd be a youtuber and I'd be like
well no and I'd be like the part of IBM
I'd be a big blow job
Jonah and once I say like I had to dream
obviously I have a community of people
that like support me in that and the
fact that I went but all these numbers
on a screen they can get a little bit
crazy lifestyle digital it's all on the
screen but when you see in real life
when you go to an event and you have a
queue of people queuing up here when you
go an event and you take in my pictures
and signatures for an hour for a full
straight hour and this is like wow well
I buy a lot of youtubers over there a
lot of the big guys you know they they
kind of used to it but I don't like I
don't do this a lot the last event I
went to was when I was all my very case
subs in that so it's crazy just like how
how much like I just it's just all like
crazy like honestly I don't even know
what to say right now guys like well I
mean honestly I know a lot you tubers
say this year but like honestly I'm I'm
just so so so grateful you know I
honestly I could just could never see
myself doing anything that wasn't
YouTube related I just love YouTube to
bits I just love creating content I look
like just me and you guys I love just
making videos a lot of expressing me as
a person because that's why I couldn't
do before I never could do before
express me as a person because no one
cared but now you guys can see what I
have to offer and you appreciate me and
I appreciate you and it's just this bond
we have I want to see you guys and you
shake him on taking photos and I'm
shaking while like beating the phone I'm
like that's what a lot of people don't
realize it's like you guys are all
nervous meeting me but in a way I might
nervous me you guys would be this crazy
for me is just as crazy for me meeting
yours is to you meeting me because a
year ago
I was like a final how would like what
you would call a fire I did like some of
the people that was like chillin with
today like a few years ago eyes being
either been like I'd have been Jesus
might not have been what my dying to me
face ready to say that now and the fact
that like this is all genuinely happenin
this is real life and like I've done
this myself and worked hard of work my
ass off but literally but like this
since I was 11 I trying with channels
always thinking like one day will ever
happen and I and I had a dream I'm a
just thought if I just put everything I
have into it if I just nice in night out
just where my friends around say no one
just working like just mind just
grinding how basically and it's
absolutely incredible that like now this
is genuinely real life and I'm meeting
it like oh my god man seriously this is
must have been one of the best week this
has been the best weekend of my life my
oh my god the crazy thing like I just
have had just the best time on a shaky
but honestly it's fucking crazy honestly
guys thank you all so much thank you all
so much thank you so much you mean the
you mean the fucking world to me guys
honestly honestly I could not live
without you guys you're the best people
either just just seeing the look on some
of your faces when you steam this like
fucking incredible but I don't get it
like why it's just me it's just me and
you got ha ha like God man oh gee this
it means the fucking world to me God
want to say I'm sorry for lying and I'm
really so just but just thank you all
you know just thank you all from the
bottom and just thank you everything is
going pair for right now I love
everything I just
life of me I just love you I just it's
just crazy I'm just so just so happy and
also happy that you guys happy I'm happy
we're just all happy it's just oh my god
man thank you all so much honestly I'm
truly do mean it anyway there we go guys
this is why I'm gonna end the video if
you've enjoyed them please smash a like
rate on the video they'll be absolutely
amazing guys I want to say a massive
thank you to Josh flying by me out to
the event and also just a massive
congrats to the sidemen because to say
like you like this tell this entire
thing without that some other people are
musical like they've done this event and
it was man like I had the best time and
honestly I'd the best time so
congratulations to the Simon you smash
today guys thanks to Josh came by and
made everything and just thank you guys
the whole line like I must am at like
500 of you guys like literally today
I'll just walked into the event undoped
I was gonna put my bag down in the VIP
area yeah I just got I got like two
people come up to me again fellow then
there were two more then it's been group
start to form and then I know where we
got security guards everywhere
we got massive lion in the middle of the
arena just like curving around like the
ballast isn't haha people just waiting
to meet me I was signing everything I
was taking photos honestly I've never
had anything like in my life my name is
so much fun now I am planning on getting
some more events in the future just tell
me what about you'd like to see me go to
you because honestly I've had a blast
man it's been incredible and again thank
you all so much and as always
Ivan Borges you guys been awesome I'm I
love you guys
see ya and I'll see you in the next
video peace out
oh I love you guys honestly if you
enjoyed the video then remember to
subscribe to mugs is Jana
and don't forget to leave a like if you
have a big penis thanks for watching
peace out
