I imagine you have a parcel coming today
not copy what I think it is he's here
mom Wednesday five minutes thank you
ladies and gentlemen it finally arrived
hello guys and welcome back to another
video on today what happy you is hoping
a little bit different kind of a chilled
out video but it's going to be a good
walk now basically if you don't know
already when you hit 100,000 YouTube
subscribers you get a silver play ball
or silver plaque sent out to you by
YouTube now it's the same only a million
you get a gold one Hemme million you get
diamond one now as you can tell I've
also passed 100,000 subscribers on my
channel I surpassed it like five months
ago and to this day I haven't had my
plaque and dies because leave oh no guys
my plaque got delayed
that's just my luck isn't Louie I
ordered my plaque about five months ago
or four months ago something like that
usually they take 10 to 12 weeks mine's
taken just just way more than that I
mean I'm on about 750,000 subscribers
and we're getting my 100,000 subscriber
plaque
I'm closer to a million than a hundred K
and I've only just get my hundred Cape
like anyway I'm still high trust me you
do not know how long I've been waiting
for this how long have been excited all
the hey when we finally finally get the
plot could you know what we're gonna
bring up a special guest to help me open
this this is my this is my camera the
video you guys say I'm small yeah I'm
six foot one and what you five foot six
you massive yeah long that's what she
said
I can't believe you've done this
Lashley's at all every year okay that
was seriously not part of the plan Oh
mom get this close up shop come and get
this close up its time boys when did Kay
time yes is the plan
here it is my package from YouTube the
black box this is why I've worked on
since I was 11 years old all the
channels for this button even though I
should have seven of them who cares
let's get open buy them I've wasted your
time for long enough it's time for the
big reveal boys oh look at that okay let
me put the Box on the side for the Box
to the side and now let's read this
letter and I'm gonna pretend like having
already heard this fifty times for the
video but you've just done something
very few YouTube craters accomplished
you've had an astonishing 100,000 people
subscribe to your channel we no numbers
on YouTube can get really big but we
hope you don't lose sight of the reality
behind that six digit milestone each and
every person who are subscribed to your
channel was touched by what you did
they're inspired or challenged or they
just sub for a giveaway they don't
actually say that what you've
accomplished can't be taken away from
you and we'd like to recognize you and
all your hard work with this silver play
button believers when we say that we
can't wait to see what you do next a
million subscribers may seem a long way
off right now you're closer than you
think we're rooting for you sign by
Susan would Jesus look at that name the
CEOs hit you Susan watch a jig screw the
man Thank You Susan
Maji if you're watching this probably
not okay guys are you ready
that's quite Vickie no the new you to
play but they did that they remade the
play buttons of silver play buttons and
they made it bigger and I've got one of
the new ones not boys mods
congratulations for surpassing 100,000
subscribers now so this is silver place
hood I'm pretty sure let me let me get
this out of the box let me be careful
too because I probably drop it again
that nice cooler I like that there does
you affliction in the place blue well
look at that large I mean it's pretty
pretty cool and so in terms of where I'm
going to put this and I feel like I
maybe should put this like I don't know
like maybe like on the wall there how's
that look
well uh oh that's nice drogon oh yeah
yeah so I just want to say a few words
to say I want to say thank you for all
the support you've given Morgan
it's been amazing thank you to Bruno and
I just want to say thank you Morgan for
letting me take photos of you and come
in your room and tidy it and thank you
for sharing this experience with me I've
got another okay Dyson get up get up on
Joakim all of you right guys I just want
to quickly say a few words I'm not gonna
go on for ages because lice is kind of
the same stuff I've said before I just
want to say again a massive thank you
like this is the first actual reward
I've got yet like silly mad organ that
when you're a kid boy like genuine
rewards this is really all I've got you
know I want to say I'm good at much of
an interview too bad literally just be a
failure in life but thank you all so
much for all the support
honestly means the world to me I will do
in YouTube I said this many times before
biz the only thing I see myself doing
for the rest of my life I just a little
bit so much and like without YouTube I
don't know why I don't I don't really
know why I bring to the table no
seriously guys I've been doing YouTube
now since I was about 11 years old you
guys have seen the old videos I'm sure
you know already but you know I've been
I've been always trying to be successful
I always dream
being like a big youtuber and not just
like being a big YouTube like I always
dreamed of just having an audience of
people who support me I entertain like a
community building a community of people
and now it's kind of crazy that we have
that and game reward like this kinda
reminds you like how cool and serious
this whole thing is and it really
doesn't mean a lot can go seriously to
every single warrior that's ever just
like clicked on a video left alike
honestly you mean the absolute world to
me I could not ask for a better
community of people like I can go on
Twitter and see all you guys supporting
me I can go on snapchat all you guys
like reply sending me messages and just
deploy me Instagram all the light
organize comments at YouTube - some of
the age you get in the comment section
it's nice you know I mean like I really
do appreciate it you guys are honestly
the best like I know every youtuber says
this book I feel like we have just such
a strong community and it means the
absolute world when I get rewards like
this because it just you know it reminds
me of you guys it shows me the program
honestly I cannot wait for the future
guys's sort safety needs to come on the
channel and I hope you guys are all
gonna stick around and then stick with
me boom because it's going to be amazing
I feel like me and the channels a whole
we're just getting started with building
up I'm seeing the improvements in my
content over the past few weeks and
months and I'm just I'm happy I'm
excited for the future to see what it
bring and you know I'm honestly I'm I'm
I'm really excited and I'm happy that
you guys are here to like come with me
and experience all with me well that's
why everything I've got to say guys I
really hope you've enjoyed this video a
little bit more calm a little bit more
chilled kind of - the enjoy a lot of fun
doing enjoy by the way guys tell me what
you thought of the intro and the closure
section below I personally thought it
was quite funny but then again my sense
of humor is very very mature thank you
so much for watching if you leave a like
that'd be amazing you guys are all the
best I appreciate you all so much thank
y'all so much for watching and as always
I've been more you guys been awesome and
I'll see you in the next
peace out if you enjoyed the video then
remember to subscribe to mug this
channel and don't forget to leave a like
if you have a big penis thanks for
watching this a habit
