good morning guys probably over morning
when you watch this but yeah I'll
actually take my dog along it's a
perfect day probably then why aren't you
at school got the week off I haven't
flipped a tile it's 8 a.m. right now
subscribe to mugsy's channel don't
forget to leave a like if you have a big
penis right in the room now as you can
tell and while you're going down in this
vlog then Morgan I hear some of you guys
asking no no you probably asked but
anyway i'ma tell you what's gonna go
down so to start we have a box a
delivery coming today from Amazon now in
that box is some new Philip you light
and boys I set them up in today's video
games on added to this room why am I so
overexposed I've just noticed so you're
also in the Amazon box we've got this
like standing for my Batman you guys
roasting if having mama by the way also
guys I don't know if you can tell but my
room is an absolute stain right now so I
think this calls for a cheeky little
time lapse
yeah yeah it's nice to leave a like on
the video about the amazing do you wanna
see my logs on the channel I say this
every vlog I'm still not hundred percent
sure how you guys feel about these vlogs
so if you enjoy them leave a like tell
me the conversation rights ERISA can
tell guys we're in the car and I'm on
the way to get my haircut one doing the
inside shave gonna leave the top logs
I'm gonna try and go out of it but this
where the for backup and this is there
after the haircut guys he probably can't
even knows how much of difference I'm in
the side very little but now shave down
to basically Shores they can go I like
it guys right just like that we are back
home now I need to do is get in the
shower let's do this again right quick
change applying guys I've just got a
bitch down hard on my hair that's
because I'm actually going to the gym
and I'm in a rush so before all this
half-term I was like I want to go to the
gym like four-four time am i sleeping
part on this whole it's literally bit
sleep 7 a.m. while 3 p.m. so I just
missed the entire morning so gym guys
wear this t-shirt nice night shorts and
then all my shoes I'm going to go with
the black prime in it mmm indeed enemies
and of these guys put them on in a
second a monster this gym now is back in
about two hours and yeah you guys a bit
well for you it'll be instant but for me
it'll be two hours in the trees why I'm
still talking and go to the gym see you
guys in a bit
ah but from the gym guys is a good loss
session good loss session to feel awake
and quite lively which is God say a few
hours ago I felt like I just wanted to
go a bed but anyway don't even tell her
is an absolute sweaty mess love later
that means I've got to now go get
another shower I'm quite annoyed to be
honest two showers in one day in the
space of like three hours what's that
what's the point of that oh one thing
that's quite cool though what the
packages came 1 2 3 4 we're gonna open
all them in just a moment but before we
do that let me go grab a shower all them
guys as you can see second shower of the
day complete I feel really really
but maybe a little bit too clean on my
why I buy I slip ring Tama no joking
guys but I think the main thing you guys
want to see is these boxes so I'm gonna
move on to them right now yeah so
basically guys there are some boxes to
open here as you can tell just the start
the first one this little ones actually
came loose it's just some batteries just
some AAA batteries so you know what one
down three more to get up let's start
with this this one right here there we
go okay so this right essentially is a
stand for my iMac which will like add
some USBs and some space there we'll go
into that later let's get the next two
boxes open now I kind of already know
what they say they obviously speed on
the other Amazon box so this has to be
the Philips hue eyes oh there's some
other bits here too
oh that's cool is this morbid series
well not just not just not just my
lights so first we look like eventually
let me get this all out and I'll show
you up close first one here it's just an
Ikea yesterday oh my god this is a ball
holder which which fits that bill cue
ball that's everything let me get you
guys a closer look rather than one as
you can see this is everything that I
ordered so first we're gonna start with
this which is like the IKEA thing this
is literally just a bulb holder and the
plot is that's gonna go there and I'll
just omit a lie and that lie will be
this Philips you bulb right here which I
also ordered we'll get that sell in a
little bit we also ordered this which I
forgot about it's a a rode videomic
let's just call my big DSLR camera which
is of the to put on top of it when I'm
doing like videos with that because the
mic quality on that isn't the best and
then also we've got another one of these
a Philips hue they're like actually let
me let me show you the one that
currently got is here that's that's them
in the blue light that's do it all oh
jesus okay that wasn't part of the plan
this right here is this it's actually
called a space bar and basically as you
can see adds a bit
now what I was thinking now that's a
little bit small so it's thinking get
enough we'll just make that touch the
top of that like they'd be a little bit
more level which it just pleased me a
bit more as the first thing has been
settled this nice little thing right
here this is a lot cooler than I was
thinking guys it's got for us bees which
is absolutely sick because I find myself
having to swap out us bees from the back
I knew at cables the cables everywhere
man myself isn't very good but it does
the job for me okay does the job for me
anyway this helps a lot unfortunately
they're not quite the same but now I'm
not too fussed about it that looks cool
I'm happy with it this road thing I mean
there's no point really sad no hopes
it's just a microphone so I'll leave
that for another time it won't find the
new light so a tweeted out saying bought
this billet cube bulb when I go on the
app isn't showing up and then Joey comes
in with Manuel search for it and the
serial number is on the bulb near the
bottom enter in your phone should do it
he's only he's only gone and he's only
gone and done it froze one at one a
legend so there we go guys it sets off
and I think we should have a little bit
of blue looks incredible lively go to
green nice nice a turquoise y'all look
I'll give you guys a better look later
but like I'm just giving you guys a bit
of a demo now just look at this a little
bit circle like actual lump just really
simple I really like that fair play to
my kid okay guys another thing I should
probably update you guys currently right
now it is 4 o'clock well a little bit
later 4 o'clock about half 4 and at 6:00
a quad well I'm actually doing is going
out to see a film with one my friend you
can see him in a few my videos already
we're gonna go and see who we need you
that we jump we do something named by
our own honestly guys let me go check
the Rieger origin of evil II read your
we we just we G tell me the conversation
guy that I've absolutely no clue but yes
he's two minutes six we're going to see
that and then probably gonna get like
some food afterwards eat food wash your
film nice absolutely awesome book but
now we still haven't got that that self
yeah so let's do that right now I'm
talking literally right now think what
I'm gonna do with this one which was
just open is go back to the original
place I was gonna put it right at the
start where I got one just just on here
and then that way it actually shines
into that corner and there we go guys
just like that we've got it set up
whatever another is looking pretty damn
good to say the lights are on in my room
so anyway guys that is the light setup
now we've got both the light set though
we also got the stand for the iMac setup
and what was the other thing yeah we got
the other room mic ready for when we
actually needs uses so all packages open
that's sick
I'll show you guys the room later but
not right now because it's lie I'm a
meanie you you've already seen it kind
of but when it's all dark layer is when
I'll show you guys the LEDs so we've got
a bit of time right now so I'm gonna sit
down here and answer one of the most
frequently asked questions that I gas on
a daily basis on my channel now ever
since I started YouTube I've been
getting people asking me
everyone Instagram do you have Instagram
when are you gonna make an Instagram
never addressed it never answered any of
them questions and basically guys I did
it I went out and made a brand new
social media a brand new was saying yeah
I did go out and get an Instagram at the
moment I've only got a couple photos I'm
gonna be posting a lot on there I'm not
gonna talk about this for ages but I'm
there I'm also going to do a few like
exclusive Instagram giveaways I seen
quite a lot of you guys are going to be
on hopefully you guys will go and follow
me on that time recorders there's
someone about 1,000 followers so if we
could get to about 3,000 followers by
the time this video gets up like a
couple days after that be absolutely
incredible my Instagram will be in the
description or it's just molds YT or
word mo rgz YT
but that was quite a good name managed
to get that one right then guys just
midway through edit in the video I've
just posted
mr. government to celebrate opening my
Instagram account remember I said we're
gonna do some giveaways there's one
going literally right now still this
giveaway it's not the biggest one but
it's quite a cool one it's for 15 pounds
iTunes card just something small and
yeah I will be doing Google Play card
giveaways on there too and all that good
stuff but for now they say say say I
choose card giveaway to one person and
how you enter is literally just go
follow me on Instagram and like the
actual picture and I announce the
giveaway on that's it follow me on
Instagram unlike one picture that's all
you have to do tend to anyway guys let
me put you back into the vlog anyway why
actually I'm doing now is going to the
film is 551 guys my friends come in at
6:00 now I know guys I'm literally
leaving right now so let's see let's see
if this films any good scratch that guys
it's absolutely freezing outside so I
got high guard over jacket anyway now
we're off to the cinema and not joking
this time rice which was finished in the
cinema built upon basic basically it
started off with a girl she gets
possessed then everyone died
yeah nice about it anyway now after
nando gonna get some tea
well that was a very nice really nice as
you can tell this absolutely most night
one for tonight I don't know - no it's
just chilling that I want to just show
you guys on the lights again
and Bailey spotted a nice picture which
done just I'm going to show you guys gah
I mean he told my attractive face I'm
gonna go for a real bad one
oh right so we just played a bit please
birth and I'm gonna show you guys my
team which I'm done yeah cheese monah
thanks for that thank you cheers lads
look at that bad boy yo Ronaldo Suarez
Nima Lippmann own mesti my car Marcelo
what dying Wallace karvall farming and
then I got that incredible bench let's
show that by showing them the names on
here so we've got Piotrowski Palacio
Charles got old good old Charlie got
bitter and then a time T strong sick
teen flying it's so wood I'm hungry
don't I feel about that mezzo cheese
there lies why October
oh then so Appl have just released a new
MacBook madam and I was thinking of
getting a new one and share this our
eyes got this touchpad thing
the cheapest one the cheapest one is 1.7
for 1.7 phone oh my god that Jesus Apple
what what what are you doing so I was
messing about a bit sitting like the
entire lights the one caller decided to
go a green and this just literally looks
so sick I do love a good bit of pink
bang oh yes my crikey look at that that
looks think bolt pack pack pack savanna
sunset I mean it's pretty neat in there
look at that okay okay okay okay
Arctic aura oh looks like something
outta finding dory look at this this is
apparently yellow guys to be honest very
very disappointed that looks fairly our
group going downstairs to get some food
go downstairs to get some food going
downstairs get some food all right then
it's currently 326 I genuinely have no
idea how I'm still awake literally I
haven't slept I'm still awake I die
generally I have a clue anyway check
this out as a one you call it nostalgic
check check this out deeper 14 World Cup
blood seriously right look at this I've
just gone small on the team this was my
squad oh my god we've got team of the
year Noah this record-breaker closer 99
head and Roy's oh my oh my God look at
that almost as good my team on paper 17
cheese I'm gonna bring shall we play a
game
yeah if I get in fact no I'm not guys
because we can't find the opponent no
one plays this game so yes subscribe
that idea
Jesus guys the lighting right now is not
very good I'm literally bright that cost
me from I'm Brad blue but guys it's now
about five o'clock and we're finally
heading to bed I'll get
and yeah guys thank you all so much for
watching the video if you enjoyed them
please leave a like if you want more
vlogs on the channel and leave a like
the way of George if you guys enjoy
these blogs is by the amount of life in
the video so if you want to show me that
you guys are enjoying them if you want I
encourage me make more of them then you
leave a like on the video guys oh it
takes you a second remember to go follow
my Instagram right late will be in the
description it's just more YT I'm really
personal loss to fungi as well as
giveaways and that's so it's worth
following me on that but they've been a
really good day we've got washed up
don't improve the sets help improve the
room and I really really hope you guys
enjoyed the video and as always I've
been more you guys been awesome and I'll
see you in the next video peace out if
you enjoyed the video then remember to
subscribe to mug this channel and don't
forget to leave a like if you have a big
penis thanks for watching
peace out
