oh is puggy Oh knees in my face good
does not care about anything right now
hello guys I'm welcome back to another
video and today we are back with the
YouTube sensation bruno known for many
famous videos like my dog cut to legend
line and also this horrible clip yep
this is the guy it kind of came upon me
that I've done all these videos with
Bruno and all you guys seem to know him
but you don't really know much about him
oh you're not quite cute
Oh God he went for the run away there
it's not gonna be like boring shit like
Way was born and that like a lot of
these involve his anus and dick and me
know knowing that way it's not been
sexual about that you wear now I know
what you were thinking dye is not
appropriate this is a PG chambo oh yeah
seriously guys he has caused me a lot of
trouble in the past if you want to see
more videos with the big man himself
Bruno and leave a like on the video
maybe for me to do a fee for pack
opening with Bruno another one R then
see if you can get me someone good leave
a like on the video guys and also
subscribe if you're new don't like me
improv stinks oh so yeah we're going to
start it off with the classic time the
bruno shit on me
though he was a puppy I'd say probably
about 15 weeks old or something like
that and I was like I wanna I wanna
cuddle him while I'm in bed and I was
like is he ready
but for coming on the bed yet can we
trust him my mom was like yeah morning
he can teach us anything and my response
was I don't care I got him I picked him
up I put him on the bed and I never laid
down why only my covers he was above my
covers luckily right and we were just
like watching a TV show us on finding
out I know where he squats he shits
I freaking scream I jump on my bed and
I'm like mom mommy food and she comes in
on the bed and I'm like well you didn't
tell me clear enough I probably made up
an excuse or something I'm not gonna lie
yeah long story he's escaping he's
escaping this is not animal cruelty guys
just me he wants to be a you does he do
yeah basically this guy right here food
on me oh I didn't tell you most of it
went on the colors some of it seeped
through and all I'm saying is I went for
her for a long shower after that
happened store number two he pissed on
me and this happened a multiple
occasions walking me am i right
the famous Bruno Hudson has pissed on me
I'm making you famous just accept it if
angry I will see I think he's kind of
making me famous he's literally on
reason you guys are watching this Jesus
Christ
duh be good right then so he pissed on
me so number two and this happened very
very similar this was when he was a bit
older so like who's on the bed again I
didn't I didn't worry from the first oh
my god oh okay then okay then what what
is happened here look at this this is
the internet sensation Bruno he was on
the bed just chilling again I was under
the covers look away long story short he
pisses goes all over the bed similar
thing happens mommy's weed on the bed
he's covered in his own piss I'm
showered everywhere probably covered in
his peers mom's coming down saying again
I know I should probably listen to you
but when is they ever gonna happen
I know these stories are all kind of
following the same pattern yeah but I've
got another story involving we and Pugh
basically when this guy was a puppy yeah
we had his own little likes closed-off
area in the kitchen and what happened
was every single night we come down and
he pissing and poo all the wall all on
the floor we were seriously thinking
about just just getting rid of him and
selling him yeah selling the internet
sensation Bruno yeah so basically I said
to mom how about we try removing the
baby gate so he has access to the full
kitchen and she was like God made her
end up tasting on the a on the night and
then I eventually got to give a go and
it stately stopped you bully stop it was
my mastermind plan these stories have
all been so horrible let me think of a
nice story my mom told me that while she
was out walking
this guy here some of you guys
recognized her and him as like my Mormon
and dogs so that's pretty cool oh my God
look at this this is a three-year-old
pug you guys know my birthday's are sick
for vulgus this guy's birthday Bruins
birthday is the 5th of August it wasn't
planned yeah we didn't know anything
about this also look at this
cheeky shout-out to the hound dog
quickly rocking my desktop photo no no
no kiss me no no no you don't following
Ollie's oh god he's not fun of those
afterward another one right you almost
died it was quite young and it wasn't
like properly trained the mom was at the
door I think it was like my dad or
someone oh it was some lights mommy knew
basically uno came down ran outside of
the door into the road yeah when you
could run after him he just sees ones
away he and then when you run away he
went after you right wouldn't have to
him at first and he kept running away
was like I'm ok ok ok I run away over
and after me so I stopped running back
to the house and ride interest doesn't
come this one time he just thinks haha
now I'll keep running into the road into
fucking traffic there's a car coming
here the car has to stop the car has to
stop so literally it's small in Lee so
if the car hadn't been paying attention
Oh Bruno would have been a goner
that's bruno fear that's some
interesting stories about him maybe a
lot something you buy if you've enjoyed
this video with young Brune slice then
remember it that like button if we can
smash 15,000 wise guys that'd be amazing
more videos with bruno leave a like
thank y'all so much for watching and as
always I've been more Funes been Bruno
you've been awesome hold a hold hold on
I'll see you guys in the next video
peace
