moment let's turn it down fook-la yeah
tea morphs the clown is back
today's video is not going to be like
any other video here on this channel
because we're we're we're in danger
serious danger
please watch all the way to the end of
this video because I don't know what's
gonna happen yet and I'm seriously
scared but it's gonna be one to remember
if we can even get this video up now if
you guys forgot what's happened in the
past this all started a few months ago
right here in this house I came back
home and this and then we thought it was
done there but a few weeks later this
happened okay guys we're gonna be we're
gonna be careful
a few weeks after that I got an email to
my personal email with this video
attached and that brings us to now and
has literally been a month since the
cloud emailed that video I thought
everything was over
thoughts apparently not because today I
had another email from the cloud it's
been a while that you miss me a bob this
year too cause you told pants son he
thought it was over but tonight we're
stepping it up a level this is about to
be very very creepy attempt to them to
that I'm confused
watch your box now this job there's no
messing around son laughter - ha ha ha
oh my god so guys you've just seen the
video I don't think there's any good way
to say this but I think at 10 p.m.
tonight the clown is gonna be attacking
our house again for the third time and
like he certainly this time he means
business he's not joking around
whatever that means games I've been
saving the start
I think it's mine but I lost my board
right now we have two option to do it
high or do we stand up for ourselves and
try and or mask the clown I think I know
the answer
why is it we hide I was thinking more or
master Kong we need to get to the bottom
of these boys Oh guys we're playing
games if the player wants to play games
oh boy we're gonna play the one more but
if we're gonna try and unlock the clown
we're probably gonna need to prepare
maybe get something just to protect
ourselves and to help capture the client
what'd you say can you think about it
then useful the tea towel we could just
whack it with it I was thinking more
along the lines of like something else
yeah you know my son's birthday but
Morgan you sure you want to do this
can't we just go out or something you
know so we could take it to
okay guys now I don't know about mom but
I've just been looking around in the
carriage in my room everywhere and I
found some stuff that we can definitely
use that will 100% give us a better
chance of defeating the cloud now I
don't know how serious this is gonna be
but it's better to be prepared than not
prepared baby metal baseball bats and
you know what mom I wasn't planning on
playing baseball with the clown if he
comes near me and then as well as the
bad guys
these could be the game changer when
trying to capture the clown handcuffs if
we can get him handcuffed to a chair or
hang up to anything we will have an easy
opportunity to unmask killing from two
mugs okay Morgan I've got my stove your
items were good but mine are off the
scale it's a foam but why the hell have
you got a foam but if the clown comes
near me I'm just gonna hit him with a
food you do realize we genuinely could
be about to get attacked by a killer
oh you use your eggs on your foam bar
and protect yourself I'm gonna be you
I'm gonna be doing it no way you got
something else no all right I'm gonna
bubble wrap them like that because near
me and bubble wrap in my bubble wrap is
literally designed to like keep things
safe what is that gonna view them you're
just gonna
so he's warm till borders make him
warmer okay team moss looks like the
time is now as you can see outside it's
dark it's 15 minutes until 10:00 right
now we are all prepared we've got our
traps in place we have our strategy
perfection eyes is our word or perfect
as you can see we've got some super
strong tape we've got the handcuffs and
we've got a chair right here if the
clown gets in obviously you guys know
I'm gonna be trying to this chair so we
can unmask him but as well as that guys
we have got other traps in order we
don't even want the clown get in the
house and we're gonna try and make sure
he stays outside we've got a bubble wrap
on every single door so that if he does
get in we know about it every door is
locked and also we put furniture in
front of all of them it takes them those
extra seconds longer because those extra
seconds can be vital as you can see here
on the front door we have loads of
bubble around hopefully you won't get in
but again we're just making sure but
guys while we wait for the clown to come
I want you guys to comment down below on
the video right now who you think the
clown is going to be hopefully by the
end of this video we will unmask him and
reveal it so don't cheat comment down
below right now who you think the clown
is going to be and also subscribe to the
channel and leave a like right now or a
clown will come to your house at 10 p.m.
tonight and you don't want that
do we open them don't peep peep
it's locked it's locked
we'll see how is he gone what the hell
do one my house you know coming in the
hallway don't open the door
is he gone oh honey he was running he
was running you run that way
did you hold the game be careful keep
he's not going out you're not going home
just calm down Kenny go now nothing
breaks the window that's awkward right
Babel is done man
we'll just donate because this is
somebody playing Morgan listen mole if
he gets in the house and stick to the
pod we stick to the pond ever he gets in
no he's crazy
who is it would Martin do this what God
to do this
calm down
he'll know you're nervous if you just
calm down no stop Kim talk to Beth
Kara's my goomah he's just messing with
bulls smoking stick to the plan
calm calm be calm game it would have
gone by now okay
oh he's baptized in the foot darling no
I think maybe you should have the other
bat yeah I think you may need it is it
gone
I think he's gone it's cool wait wait
wait mom mom
maybe if I said it is mine it has to be
who else can it be
mom I think it's okay I think we're okay
I pretty sure he's not coming back he
can't get and he's already tried several
times he tried with every door he pulled
the handles if he gets in if yeah yeah
it won't we stick to the plans but I
think we're okay everybody leave a like
right now we need book and we've scared
him off we were brave alike for our
braveness he knows that we've got items
to protect ourselves with I think we're
gonna be okay I think he's gone oh my
god that was so scary oh my gosh Morgan
I've never been so scared in my life
oh my god yeah
wait it's up sighs some stairs
you watch the window of the roof window
right you're joking
not yet oh oh you're joking
close it close it close it
I got what I got
take off keep that back
Wow
guys we just called you know I shake
head as much as one class robot to
expose you to everyone Martin literally
a moose and being terrorized by this
fella right here bald Martin and no one
ever believed me
I said time off this time clouded Martin
he's never worth the climb
I mean we just take away a few any fans
it's bad okay
not since I stayed one seriously is it
food I've been all over almost it might
be dark just the cat form you took your
time
yeah forgot me here this morning I'm
going to work so you see what I seen a
ghost
ah so oh my god alright it's only money
what's coming is that oh my what we're
done
who's in there if that's mine Oh God
we were wrong we were wrong I'm not
scared now we were wrong about the car
we've caught killer oh my God look let's
go look
should we do it we've got to do it now
so but smarter who the hell is that do
it should we do it guys do it doing it
three two one right
have to do it I've so many people on
Twitter you gotta get a fire going 85 so
there is 3 books too much with it
reasons of messing with their heads but
if you do a poem I remember as well on
your Twitter channel and I can't fall
before at least likely to be
ly days later there might be another
prom coming up here the key step where
do you put them in this switch show me
where they go to be honest you do see oh
that's what you deserve but breaking
into my house burns down believer show
me some proof show me some proof throw I
know you're gonna hired someone to do
that do what be a clown plot something
that's actually small you're not very
smart person
I was scared but we thought we did
oh my god I would be perfect knows if
I'd had some merch may just for me that
said team you know what the Preakness
however I'm going to be coming back for
you oh yeah
I know this you talking like that no I
don't do is okay even this is the king
man full of it guys if you enjoyed the
video remember to subscribe and leave a
like down below and also you guys have
spas this new merge design and all the
different colors I've been rapping in
the video I've been rapping the pink one
the black and gold the gray and red the
black on black pens and finally the
yellow and black and that's the
collection guys but here's the twist I'm
only gonna be dropping one of those
color combinations so I want you guys to
comment down below which is your
favorite out of all the ones I just
mentioned and that's the one I will drop
for you guys as always I've told you Ben
Olsen and I'll see you in my next video
peace out
