hello guys I'm welcome back to another
video and today as you can see we are
joined by my mom hi guys good bye
featuring a nice comment from max Dobson
who says I would smash your mum to
pieces what does that mean hit me no
well technically yeah how you respond to
make stops turn out there I think it is
his bottom smacking I told my mum yet
today what would you and I said core
pair we're gonna react to a video
recently at the moment in America and
kind of everywhere I've been people
dressing up as clowns and going around
at night scaring people or chasing their
than that okay the base is what we're
gonna be doing today is reacting to an
absolute ton of videos than people who
have got these like clowns cycling
videos I feel about that okay yeah so if
you want to see more videos with my mom
then leave a like on the video obviously
I'm fine to bring you them because she
is my number one source for views and
also alright if you don't leave a like
on this video there will be a clown
stored in your bedroom why are you doing
that listen I'll see you in what
hopefully do happen actually they are
never like why is he doing that unusual
the country why would you do telling by
in thing is yeah like you're walking
towards him what'd you do in that
situation because what you eat it do
your own erode that's a chainsaw buzzing
actual chain
revenge why would you run the running
over reverse a chain saw an actual chain
saw why why why why would you do that
this is most is it going into the game
that's bad
you gonna sham please I was seriously
run it over oh sorry
so I'm sorry why if you ran up me is a
person oh oh
even the balloon what it over no run him
over
no mercy if they're gonna come here
Transkei July we chained souls in my
night not oh god oh god no seriously
it's just freaky the Morgan Lee isn't it
if I was walking the dog at night and
one of them can walk towards me nah he's
got a bike well everywhere thing is like
you are they like you only quite small
and light be clouds combined outfit I'm
a clone guys I'm a clone X
oh no dad the freaky ones the one thing
dog yes
oh he's catching them off its target of
all its dungeon of all it can involve
all right is she crazy
no it's a pumpkin it's a pumpkin it's
not doing very well
although
Oh get inside watch have the clowns guys
they will destroy your pumpkins save the
pumpkins one light equals one pumpkin
justice for the pumpkins we stand
together for the pumpkins the pumpkins
deserve alive oh oh no a friend
definitely scary that God so that is the
end of that I'm seriously like I'm I'm
like it's kind of like weird all of them
are like joking but like the ones if
there is seriously people are they were
willing to kill you never know like
crazy it's genuinely like a big thing at
the moment and us this gets more and
more there's just more and more clowns
like think about this right probably
like 10 people have watched this have
now turned into clowns yeah you promote
I've promoted clothes clowning around
anyway if you guys have enjoyed the
video then please leave a like that mean
a lot to me I've also got more videos
we've month and leave like in the video
tell me your opinion on this whole clown
situation in the conversation below
honestly I'm not sure it's kind of
creepy Ville I don't know anyway tell me
your opinion as always I've been morgues
who have you been happy mom you guys
have been Olsen Lucy we're sitting in
the next video know what actually well
because you might not be enough peace
out
already
