all right so I sent out this tweet
that's on your screen right now asking
people to send me the weirdest videos on
the internet I know it and get me likes
it's free o'clock when I'm recording
this yeah most of my subscribers are in
bed anyway it's pretty cool right now
and I'm basically gonna react to some of
the weirdest videos on the Internet now
I'm sure you all remember my mom yep the
one you all attacked in the comment
section of my Q&A with her right number
one she now has crippling depression I'm
number two if we can smash 15,000 likes
on this video then I will force her to
be in another video with me I'm sure
she'll be really excited for it no
seriously though mom I know you're
watching this how much money do you want
how much will it take I need you for
views so I'm willing to pay anyway guys
let's jump into the videos I don't know
what to expect and also write I know my
voice sounds like a 40 year old smoker
but if I sound extra win in this video
is because I'm really ill throughout the
video you hear me doing this is because
I'm ill guys so give me a break Oh No oh
dear God since I remember I was watching
was that P P ap pen PUD this is trending
I've heard about this
PAP f1 always goes on about this I
haven't seen it I have a Apple
Oh
Oh
61 million views 61 million I've heard
so much about this all week you know I'm
gonna do it
I have our pan hot no God no I'm not
that's not a good-looking idea how can
that be a trend next video next video hi
guys I'm taking a break from my regular
petition videos this week No okay I'm
doing I'm doing ID okay not you know
styler doctress thought what I'm gonna
read the comments oh no why they all in
the different language was on me oh my
god okay
oh no okay I'm actually getting scared
gotta be one person who's English in
here what this no okay I'm sorry guys
I'm not I'm genuinely scared what
what the are those horrible oh my god no
that's horrible
Oh God oh my god that's horrible those
scary
Oh Oh God
what Oh God I know it all seems like
that looks so old that I kick could it
could have been a string but like what
that was hard that's scary that all my
girls I was like Taylor Swift shots
fired shots fired
cam getting bored oh now she's upside
down
that's quite boring oh my god what the
what what was up in there then if he's
doing that it might be a good idea to
stop refreshing it stop refreshing it's
getting worse what the stop refreshing
it oh my god that is actually vile
oh it may be a good idea just to turn
off your computer go and watch MattyB
orbit of them Jacob sighs why'd you wait
nope okay I'm out I like to start the
base - that can't be real well the
reaction that's obviously fake
Oh Mike oh my god oh my god are you that
can't be faked how can that how can that
be faked
oh my god her skull look at a skull it's
open some may say that's a bloody good
makeup tutorial maybe a bit too edgy for
the video what's going on in there is
that a real person or that is that mask
or real oh it's a mask going on here
okay seriously guys one more video I
can't take any more I'm getting bit oh
no no oh no oh God
I wanted to sleep tonight over go
no no I can't I can't I'm John Khan I'm
no no no no no no no no no no no well
guys that is that and they'll cry Kim
I'd I'm not gonna sleep tonight but I
don't know you guys if you've enjoyed
this video and you want me to do another
video with my mum
then leave like other video and
obviously fifteen thousand lights on
this video and I will do a video with my
mum and that should be funny not there
though because you guys just seemed too
roaster in the conversation but oh well
ah my throat kills anyway guys thank you
so much for watching remember to go and
follow my Twitter and also add me on
snapchat if you enjoy the content that
it's definitely worth follow me on
Twitter and snapchat cuz you get tons of
updates about me my life and all that
stuff you know if you don't really see
enough of me gets even more of me so you
know lucky you I'm alright anyway all
them links in the description thank you
all so much for watching and as always
I've been more you guys have been
awesome I'll see you in the next video
peace
