hello everybody or should I say yo guys
it's morg
I haven't said that ages but anyway
today why I'm for you is a bit of P 417
the journey and today what we're gonna
be doing there's something you may have
not seen before this is something I'm
actually really excited for what I'm
gonna be doing is going on the journey
but I'm actually gonna be having a
little bit of fun and how I'm gonna be
doing this I'm gonna be picking kind of
the wrong options so like for example
when you're a little kid I'm gonna be
missing the penalty I'm gonna be playing
terrible in my trials I'm gonna be
picking all the fiery options basically
guys I'm just gonna be experimented and
see what happens if you basically just
mess up everything I am really excited
guys now if you want me to do an actual
series of the journey with Parts I bring
one out let's say every week if you want
to see that and leave a like on the
video that show me that you guys want to
see that if we get a low lights on this
video obviously that I'll show me that
you guys want my series and I'll bring
it to you anyway guys I didn't work
let's try that again but anyway guys
let's get started feel a little bit
wonky oh here we go here we go Clapham
Common London UK under 11 regional Cup
final look at them with Barisan and
that's my mom
if you want to talk like that fat boy
you should leave leave I wanted to be a
proper boy but that's just walk because
like I got fouled and I fell over Little
John oh come on Little John what you
doing me yes oh here he comes
Alexander and I think it's about time we
we have our first little bit fun all
this to make music all this suspense
let's see what happens guys Oh
I've let the entire team out again what
happens now then stealing this so what's
this guy gonna do we're gonna win anyway
so he's miss to boyscouts now yes guys
guys have done it so we would anyway I
don't think anything really changes so
who is this guy
my granddad fair enough fair enough I'll
make sense seven years later dumb seven
years just gone like that why are you
listing names I would already know who
bleep Barker voices ah there we go okay
so we've got advanced settings and then
social exit trials okay here we go so
basically what I'm gonna do now is try
and fail the exit trials basically play
terrible score no goals just gonna screw
up and then we'll see what happens after
that
okay advance to the exit trials guys
let's do this
oh geez what right personality okay so
this is another thing we're gonna be
doing today
cool fiery Obama's we're gonna give in
fiery like an and oh it's gonna go as
far as economy who knows what happened
which one's your diffic stress buying
his mates who knows what George Barris
is tough enough but he knows a good
player when he sees one and you guys are
just that smoker mate
what'd he say nice Mel torm√© obviously
gonna be coy and say that why don't you
come over here and say that Williams
think I've got time to deal with you or
no I'm on my way to the Prem Lane oh
sorry
solo sorry what absolute often
hallelujah she's soft Williams he's all
talk
what's this what's this problem there we
go what you think is put oh look at that
boy listen I know you fancy yourself as
a bit of a multi-dimensional player that
can play anywhere but today you get to
choose which positions best for you so
put your best foot forward impress these
Scouts all right so what's it gonna be
Oh so I actually pick this I'm gonna go
I'm gonna go striker cuz then we can
just miss it falling grunt that's
footsteps a go doing proud okay so here
we go
slowed you know okay so we're doing an
11 a side game here and basically it's
time for us to just mess everything up
so it's past this - hunter oh is it Oh
goal for my legs under oh no oh he shone
goal number two pointer and he's down to
a 1.8 rating skill way on its own goal
number 4 I can't even get it lower than
a 1-point narrating so what do I do now
oh god they've scored him I didn't even
have to score don't go I was willing Xan
doll it was bloody Williams hot
may I've scored 5 goals they need to put
me in the England just go away
there were own goals just finding my
finger just finding my feet girls walked
up and take it to the minute drills it's
we this is our dream on the line
remember
oh no I'm 24th I'm last in the order
swings into the box oh oh oh oh god that
was running better pull in some extra
practice Hunter no steam if you see like
that I am embarrassed for you shut your
mouth shut it that's right ain't no no
Danny Williams mate
just gotta let it flow don't like I oh
great bollock time for no goal oh how
about done that I was just going down
gold I just woke in an absolute banger
okay so this is the final chance here
the final one we're gonna play terrible
on this and then we're gonna see what
the cutscenes are expecting more from
you today unto you all right lad you
feelin all right
been a bad day feelin off saving my best
Balaji watching the 11 assignments whoa
will be unter like a hawk you just saved
my own goal are you kidding me you tryin
to save this one then keep it yeah
trying to save that one okay
first and goal ballpoint narrating we
are definitely not gonna succeed in
these trials 1.9 rates and let's get it
to a 1.0 1.1 rating now oh it's a
penalty if we save this and no oh yes
actually saves a penalty what the hell
that was actually sick he dinked into
the left corner
I just saved it how sick Oh God oh yay
have removed the H from this year's game
yeah I don't think so okay guys are you
ready we ranked 29th only Gareth Walker
underneath us
let's see what happens oh there is this
cow
you know this game lot is a tough
business you gotta know how to deal with
pressure out there today
you just didn't perform oh I'm sorry son
we gotta let you go what
they're gonna look Oh what
what that's it that's actually it oh my
god so after that bus it literally if
you don't do well in your exit trials
then you just gone
you literally go well it's us crazy no
second chances I didn't realize this
game-mode was gonna be like genuinely
like if you fail then use your buddy
you're done this is not okay
no one we're gonna do redo the exit
trials actually do well in the exit
trials and then keep our fiery
personality going and see what the
reactions are like after we obviously
get into the big leagues okay guys so we
are now back and I have just finished
playing the entire trials again and with
some other guys we've just finished the
final match and as you can tell we
finished the trials in eighth place okay
so we finished in the top ten and now we
have to choose it we plays team or plays
hunter I'm gonna play his team just uh
feel like that'll be easier oh well done
lads lots of artwork and display work on
display out there working trading is the
first step to making is a pro and I saw
plenty of that on display today don't
give up
keep playing hard kick it working hard
keeping friend dies motivational iced
inspirational I love that I've had so
much rubbish in all my life can I say
strive for excellence in everything I do
yeah I can see me it's how you perfected
being a complete and not a joke oh oh oh
oh so now he's my maid as I've just made
friends the Williams oh there we go
exit trial performance excellent rank 8
there he is my number one clients so
it's I bet which is the fiery one say
nothing or good to see you so I'm gonna
get I bet how they're gonna react to the
players on your books well then young
man is where you'd be wrong come on
Tinian tell me water as soon as you sign
with me outside couldn't have a fearless
seems like you've been making quite the
impression who you got me an offer one
or two three we've got on first
oh damn so they're all the offers we
golfers from tons of every league clubs
as I said I'm gonna go Crystal Palace
there we go proudest day of my life
who's signing me my old club remind the
funds what's a hunter can do the fiery
option we're gonna do this one again and
then we'll see what we actually may get
up to remind us suppose what a hunter
can do oh there we go the fiery bar is
always filling up the entire thing so
we're gonna advance again now to London
and Weavin we've have we've all walked
upon the wall damn alone play apart
that's cool so you get four awards
within the journey that's awesome okay
here we go oh don't look at this I won
Ford you did he just not
you better get used to dealing with me
you're in the big league now please easy
let's get started give everything we've
got it's easy we can do that easy right
gasps oh no problem no problem oh okay
here we go
right as you're all away we got a couple
of new boys starting with us today now
it's on certain Gareth Walker Hulka
benteke in the background eyes god boy
is a lady for school Oh maybe you'll
learn something the fiery option again I
tell you what I didn't look at that
fiery bar maybe you boys innocent
yourselves so you do the drills and then
your actual rating increases I like that
the guys that's gonna be really cool and
now we're doing a little bit of
dribbling
I hate dribbling on this game like the
dribbling training things I'm just so
bad at them it's unreal
look at this okay I'm actually doing
quite well I've got 3.1 million million
transfer value guys 3.1 million from
getting eighth in an exit trial Mike
good well oh okay there we go
off to America somewhere over the
Atlantic with a private jet now I assume
with the team let's see what we can do
here maybe you're not pushing hard
enough I am pushing like a bed take a
heat just chilling what you do with all
your frequent flyer miles doesn't matter
gosh fiery option we're gonna do this
and let's see what response we get guys
yes don't make our marks on this tour
they'll be buying us our own planes yeah
we live in the dream eh
in the dream a yes your private jets for
big stars
mr. miss you take the bus don't do that
you're a piece of pen take a why you
don't want to do that I absolutely
destroy your youngsters Alex hunter and
gas Walker to be given opportunity to
impress on sea palaces us talk is it too
soon for them no it's not we've got a
match today we got PSG vs crystal palace
today oh no do you know what I'm gonna
play this one too for this match and I'm
gonna play this much and then I think
that's all we'll be able to do today
well let's see if we can get a goal in
our first preseason match against PSG
I'm a substitute so I'm not sure if
we're gonna be able to do it guys if I
don't give him of a shot here we go look
at that we warned oh look guys a PSG
look at Pardew that's actually sick I'm
liking this journey game mode guys it's
good both warming up - come on guys this
is it our time is now you can't see me
my time is now let's do this go back
then oh oh that's so unlucky man now say
that say I'll take that I'll take that
I'll take that his hunter come on finish
oh it's Bell - I play them Oh
just wide Oh No yellow card guys that
wasn't a good decision
guys we literally can't get on the ball
for the past like ten minutes in game
time is this Ben PSD person around us I
don't pass it to me I'm not good in the
air maybe take that back actually
wouldn't cut it then cheeks your move Oh
going on to shoot oh why couldn't I just
Donny not have been so good I don't
think I can do it guys I haven't seem to
get taught and there we go guys that's
the end of the match I didn't manage to
score unfortunately but we literally gon
get on the ball there's no other in my
fault anyway I'm gonna do a few more
cutscenes
here we go cutscene after the matchup
step
oh here we go go so we've got another
one we've got we've arrived start
something great can't believe either
obviously it's gonna be star something
great get our fiery up and then we'll
see what happens go and get ready for
this ah careers bang there we go the
fiery part is almost filling it okay
there we go guys we're back in our
apartment now or whatever is that is
where we're gonna have to end the video
though guys because I've been recording
for an hour and a half Dericks this is
gonna run out any minute so I really
really hope you have enjoyed the video
if you have them please leave a like
obviously if you wanna see an actual
full walkthrough and an actual series
out of this game-mode and leave a like
of a little off on them experiment and I
feel like the fiery or cool options glad
a little bit of like something different
to the game it's gonna be fun to
experiment with further I hope you guys
have enjoyed and as always I've been
morgues you guys been awesome and I'll
see you in the next video peace
you
