high voice is him after they cancel me
they understand they talk to me hello
guys and welcome back to another video
and today we finally have another pure
box opening now I have been doing these
regularly now for I think four months
now or something I haven't posted one
these for absolutely ages and as you can
tell we've got a heck of a lot of mail
guys what could all this is buddy
everywhere can open all the boxes move
on to some of the packages and see what
we've got guys I'm really excited if you
could leave a like on the video that I'd
be absolutely awesome guys that mean a
lot to me and also if you want to send
something for the next period box video
then I'll leave the bureau box address
on the bottom of the screen right now
and it's also all in the description all
the details you'll need to find in
description let's get started with this
box quite big
definitely something inside here let's
get this open boom excited man it's been
a while what have we got in here ding
guys headphones I see you guys got a
nice bubble wrap package here let's cut
into this there we go yep it is guys got
some headphones so dude eyes on aux cord
that's an actual aux cord like I've
actually been needing one of these I
seriously we need an alt code for awhile
now guys I'm not even joking oh and also
some earphones guys thanks all for that
that's awesome
oh man this is $22 it took to send this
$22 there's a lot of light tissue in
here is that a jar I think that's a jar
that is a jar of Skittles this is light
as a feather I don't see what could be
in here no ways it's literally a letter
I think there's just a letter in here
you are the best youtube ever and
inspired me to make my own channel dude
guys awesome this right this says on it
fragile with care so like this could be
cool by what's on the back open me on
camera senpai
dry erase board Oh Oh No pay as you go
data sim cool ok this shoe box right
here is bugging Meeks it's been digging
into my back so this is an other dis
shoebox under yeah let's open it
oh yes boys yes boys I know this guy
this guy there with me well he sent me
sweets sunglasses sweet more sweets
that's my Saturday night sorta just
eating these two bags thank you buddy
you can take off the glasses now these
these three buttons I don't know if
they're real or not I'm not sure if
they're real guys anyway let's move on
what we got what we got what we got get
the size of this huge that's what she
said yeah guys there is literally just
mail everywhere this is from Sacramento
California by the way right if you send
me Jolly Ranchers I will love you
forever
just just point out there what the
bloody hell is this for real
what is it with money knighted funds I
get money knighted programs I get money
knighted bleep why do I support few ways
you guys have to rub it in my face that
you support money night oh oh oh and a
Paul Pogba card as well Oh extra plastic
bubble fair enough like icing like that
a lot is in date rule of pure box
openings when you get stuff checking day
18 from August 2016 dies why you check
the day finally and that I could have
died straws 50 flexible straws I'll take
it guys I don't you guys can see that
but like guys actually sick like the
Ryan on the other thing that's it now
that's actually awesome again not sure
if it'll like focus like very well well
that's really good get up on the wall
after the video oh no way
Tim Boggs happy birthday hope you
enjoyed your holiday labor free card
guys 50 car thank you this one right
here
absolutely full of stuff and I get stuck
in right God feeling there's gonna be a
lot of stuff in here like a lot of stuff
oh yes I was right we got to keep the
mom for the rest of this package what
else we got in here more sweets yes the
10th of 2017 they're in day Haribo
golbez please be in day the 9th of 2017
they're in date boys we're a lot dim or
do you have an amazing channel you're
growing so fast I've been watching you
for a long time now and every video you
make is amazing
I put please open on camera that will
mean the world to me that is love for
all your gifts the glasses and the
sweets which I will definitely be eating
mine thanks a lot
that is good like that is really good
yeah my car team logo but you don't use
that much anymore
but still that is awesome nice really
good Joran more skittles you guys
without a jar skittles two bags of
Skittles and now a mini bag of skittles
you guys you spoiling me today you
spoiling me this is from Aubree Walker
thanks a lot
nah this is an interesting feeling one
there's definitely something like hard
in here tell you what it's really not
easy sometimes getting into these I got
a scooter except this is quite small so
I don't think I can film that might be a
little bit too small I hear voices in my
head they cancel me they understand they
talk to me oh now we're talking rock we
got some rock a live rock oh no they
don't have dates I've got enough to try
it oh my god guys this could be our day
I'm just joking guys it was fine Oh Kara
Mark Kermode yeah
terabyte guys is one of my favorite
chocolate bars
please be indeed I have no clue if my
microphone is gonna pick up on our car
alarms just gone off outside and by the
way yeah is indeed look at this guy's
arrow more rock whisper and food parcels
guys this is rock-hard like I'm being
serious it's a pokemon its a pokemon he
actually sent a Pogue mug like it's a
mold put Liverpool on it it's a pug mug
dice it from Jack thanks a lot jack for
sending this pug more read more parts of
Skittles whoa whoa whoa whoa grips grips
grips I had no idea about this Thank You
fatal grips for sending me all this my
god do not bend open on camera okay
that's exactly what we're gonna do look
at that guy's from Harry who is age 10
this one literally ways this one is so
heavy
by this is really heavy what is that a
framed picture oh wow
two logs and cloud gaming a framed
thumbnail collage picture sweet I find
so much fuller so now we can go right
there and then he also sent a massive
bag of Haribo's KitKat chunkies my god
nice and bold Australian they have been
crushed to bits I'm just gonna place
them back in there
that's an awesome Joran look it up sweet
Oh guys guess what sweets we've got more
skittles that drawing of a gengar
someone ordered me some premium evaced
eliquid
Purple Haze dodge ops it okay seriously
what guys can you please stop ordering
vape oh my god yes
finally magic stars these are probably
my favorite chocolate guys I'll say it
now are they in a four-team of the 8th
2016 January February me
June July they're out a date that's
annoying
more skittles guys we're gonna have to
leave it there
I uh that is a lot of mail like a lot
let's do it before and now then after we
have reduced the mail from like five
bags to one so we've done well so I
really hope you guys enjoy this pure box
opener infinite as I said then please
leave a like on the video that'll be
awesome
just like the start of put my appeal box
address on the screen right now so if
you want to send anything right address
on your parcel or your package or
whatever you want to send and it will
get to me remember to put the stamp on
there too and actually pay for it
because if you don't then we won't like
pay for it for you we'll leave it in the
in the post office so like please like
put the stamp on next I'd hate for you
to work on something and then it just
gets life to the post office not be bad
fight me on you so just remember to do
that and also thank you all so much for
watching the video as always I've been
more you guys have been awesome and I'll
see you in the next video guys peace Oh
