second time Ultra Ball raspberry yes
hello guys and welcome back to another
Pokemon go episode and as you can
probably tell
we started this episode on the move I'm
in my dad's car and we're on the way to
these shove your Wednesday March and I
just thought I'm in the middle of
Sheffield City why not sign up said why
not do an excerpt just a quick
disclaimer guys if we can get twenty
five thousand likes on this video
celebrate get a dragon eye what I'll do
is that will give away not one but two
fifteen pounds iTunes slash google play
cards anyway back to the video look at
that guy's in sense just brought me and
Evie oh look at that
thanks Spiro is it oh no we got another
egg Weedle yep we got third egg zoom out
Spirit Weedle and Zuba when he told me I
could start the video got six five kegs
on the go if you don't know already next
dish everyone's is grounded Hillsborough
Park now Hills the park is a well-known
Pikachu nest and if I take a quick look
at my Pikachu's I have 41 Pikachu candy
and obviously I don't have a right you
yeah
if we catch free Pikachu's wiring Hills
the part that means right you a brand
new Pokemon for this episode no wonder
you now go over watch the match I know
the Wonder wins we really really need it
come on guys
although spat the ground in fact I can
see the ground in the distance and we've
got ourselves a magic cart means I can
power up my Gyarados there we go there
is let's give him a cheeky power of 1801
she's Pokemon and driving Pokemon a
drive-in looking like guys another
update just before the much we found a
10k egg on my polka stop so do I have an
incubator
yeah incubator there we go 10k egg is on
the girl side Morrison's now enjoying a
nice ham sandwich got lured on so
hopefully we can get something good the
incense was alright we've got like a
copying a few machop's
now we're off to Hills we park and then
the March so hopefully a few Pikachu's
serve the other right you were heading
to the ground now we might get warm
Pikachu the match starts in 10 minutes
so we can't stay any longer but on the
way back the walk back through the park
so hopefully we gotta hope that we get
two more then one last time for much
I don't know if you can tell but right
now we're in hills with pot again and we
need two more Pikachu's so we can get a
ride too so let's try and do this okay
guys we found the first one we literally
need catch this and then we need one
more first time please I need this one -
oh I hate Pikachu's mine yep oh my god
I'm so done there's another one
literally around the corner guys we are
getting these - Pikachu's - seven -
everything on it excellent excellent
motion wall shot that stopping it two
three one more guys one more until we
can get a ride - you found another one
this is the last picture we need it's 57
so we're just walking back to the car
and I may as well just go ahead and do
this evolution right now it's a CP 505
Pikachu I'm also gonna pop a look here I
could because subs are about to
revolution and up up in sense while I'm
at it
okay guys 505 Pikachu brand new Pokemon
rider obviously and we're going to do a
solution right now there we go brand new
on guys okay CP 1155 caught one to seven
scene one to seven guys we go in places
guys we're going places and know that
guys I think this is a 2k knit around
female voice I got the Nidoqueen not
what I'm looking for I think we have a
few to do here there we go another one
straight away I think in fact no one
where about - guys these are all 5 paise
oh boy Maydays the best thing I could
possibly got blip song here and I'm sort
of Ekans
I found out right you can get lick
students in five kegs now still don't
have one so that is now the ultimate
goal if we get a little time here I'll
be over the moon literally tentacle not
quite like song is it really five in a
row five in a in a row come on Balto
body electrode but like can we get six
don't know okay five in a row well a
lucky egg pop didn't wait so much XP all
I got from that guys what a result I do
the Magneton evolution in a minute
another one guys
oh man look up don't need it anymore
nope okay so now I can tell we're back
in the car and as I said we have got an
evolution to do another new pokémon
evolution to do this is Magnemite -
Magneton my highest Magnemite is 502 and
I don't think magnetons necessarily
gonna be like a mad Pokemon foot you
know I still need it I need to fill out
the Pokedex obviously I'm Magneton is
poking which I don't have yet
so 1064 you guys understand never gonna
be like a mad Pokemon but that's another
brand new Pokemon guys this is a Pokemon
they don't find very often then a Grimer
in the wild now obviously I have a mark
but it's a low one so I still want to do
a grammar evolution so I can actually
get a high more the more of these we
catch the better they'd help if I could
actually hit it oh great with a great
ball I feel like that should be it
there we go like I said we got ourselves
a Grimer it's another good Pokemon for
our news guys we found a 10k egg from a
pokey stop guys brilliant so let's get
that in an incubator
another tank egg this is like the fifth
Aerodactyl I've seen ever and I've
caught them all but I still catch them
to this day because they're just quite
cool no that's all one two three there
we go calling paradox alright that was
at I'm gonna be really excited about
getting them but now but it's just just
an annex or quite common to be honest
can you pull in please join done boys I
am never so me my dad on the way back
from the March as you know and hopefully
he what we've done found so I think I
add my own sense running you guys know
how many sends on him right on the way
back we found an insane tagging I went
you ever get anything Goodwin in sense I
just had one run in a yard like
oh I do not believe this Mikey's dog I'm
just in the car I was even paying
attention - pokémon - here phones in I
just had it open because of the incense
powered over this a truck and I a jack
know you're all I need to catch this
right I need to catch this I need to
Holmes
if this Dragonite runs I will quit
though out I'll quit Pokemon I'm saying
out if this dragon eye runs right quote
this record this do whatever you want if
this dragon I runs from me I will quit
Pokemon see I know it's still on
oh I need to focus on each focus
Oh Missy peas but it could have been
better guys honestly right incense
dragon hi guys
in a sense dragon a dragon a dragon I
like shame it wasn't a high CP but I
think that's because of the incense
honestly but that's another one from the
Pokedex guys it's just mental more
importantly can I start driving it yeah
the goal to fill out the perks as much
as you can one of the hardest ones to
get a dragon are you because I know what
candy in that dragon I I'm speechless
guys I'm lost for words if not jagged I
don't deserve a light then what the hell
does guys oh my god so dragon I ride to
Magneton Wow dice of every shame it
wasn't like a really good CP but it was
from an incense you know I was starting
to think like all these incense is
really worth me do I ever get it they're
massive from an incense and moral story
guys use an insolent use a body insect
right guys so as you know we are now
back home and what I'm gonna do is just
take you guys through the day my mind is
just blown guys I'm not
the only one thing that's going on in me
mine right now and of course the dragon
eyes it's just crazy really anyway let
me get up my phone and let me show you
guys everything we got for today right
so the first thing we got today was the
right shoe or not the first thing we got
today before the first new pokemon we
got today and this was the 1155 right
shoe and it's one I've been waiting for
for a while guys I've been going to
hills were Park all after the games and
catching Pikachu's and today was the day
where we got ourselves the right shoe
and I'm happy about that seconds big
thing we got today was a magnet on and
we actually got a Magnemite from an egg
which meant we could evolve into this
time we've been following some of the
last episode you know I've been waiting
for that final Magnemite for ages to
tell y'all guys Magnum eyes are quite
rare where I come from it anyway 1063 CP
Magneton and northern you Pokemon and
again I'm glad we're filling out the
Pokedex very very quickly and then the
big one we got in this video is a dragon
eye and this is obviously a 519 dragon
eye honks but you guys I caught another
dratini from getting that dragon eye and
also coming home which I transferred now
we offered to companies so that got me
thinking right you know I said I don't
have the dragon air we're about to have
the dragon air guys because my eyes too
teeny is 566 I'm gonna evolve that so we
can get ourselves but dragon air so this
evolution basically means that we've
completed the detainee line and that's
something I didn't think I'd be saying
for a while but we now have a dragon air
brand new dragon air obviously as new
Dragon high and the energy tinea of
course it's funny how we got the dragon
art before the dragon air but this is a
1017 drying in the hair which means that
attracted air is better than a dragon I
guys at some irritated but anyway guys
I'm so choked with this episode it's
been an absolutely crazy one born you
Pokemon dragon air Dragonite Magneton
and right you honestly what a spin and
of course theme Wednesday went to that
sort of his offense bug guys thank you
all so much for watching this video if
you enjoy their like would mean the
world to me but as always I've involved
you guys been awesome and I'll see you
in the next video peace out
just notice I'm very very red
