Oh lovely beautiful come on I'm feeling
it
hello guys and welcome back to another
video and today we have a little bit of
FIFA 17 so today what we're going to be
doing is playing a little bit of the
FIFA 17 demo now a few videos back I
asked what you guys want to see on the
channel and so many of you guys said
FIFA 17 so what are we gonna do gonna
bring you a beer FIFA 17 we have kick
off the intro of the journey we're gonna
give everything a little bit of a go
yeah the new games looking know if you
guys are excited for Peter 17 and if you
want to see more people 17 content when
the game comes out and maybe even
another video on the demo then remember
to leave a like on the video obviously I
joined if you've enjoyed the video and I
the amount of like so if you want to see
more FIFA 17 best things to do is just
leave a like on the video you know what
before we crack into the journey I think
what I'm gonna do is I've just a quick
normal game of kick off just to see how
the new games actually feeling I think
what I'm gonna do is just start with
Real Madrid guys I want to try Ronaldo
guys not go high I want to try out
Ronaldo I'm not gonna give myself
completely terrible opponent I'm gonna
go for Real Madrid vs Manchester United
Eber they're looking quite scary very
scary I have absolutely no experience
with playing this game I haven't played
the demo yet there's a reason why I
never really uploaded much FIFA 16
gameplay I'm not very good at the game
but I'm gonna give it my best kill you
never know maybe FIFA 17 is gonna be the
game for me they all bending over and
Aldo Cruz Rodriguez Modric Pepe Pepe's
87 I don't watch it like any BBVA but
why is that just me is Pepe deserved of
lady 7 Reagan tell me the conversation
guys that baffles Mei 87 he's gonna be a
tank anyway I think that is about it so
without further ado let's get started
with my first ever game on FIFA 17 oh
damn the graphics already look quite
good I've noticed a little bit of a
difference though in the graphics nice
little intersection there drop that back
oh oh
Oh Oh God think I need a Danny - Diet
Coke guys what's going on today
interesting start guys we're getting
dominated there we go there we go out
wide to bail
cheeky oh there we go I'll take that oh
oh oh free kick boys free kick
first-ever free kick of fever 70 people
could bang this in that would be a
moment to remember tell you what guys
I'm feeling confident tell you what guys
I'm feeling confident well not what I
was aiming for tell you what if we lose
our first game of FIFA 17 that'll be
embarrassing Oh
diam why is this new corner thing
Pepe for the long-range shot maybe oh oh
happy place on a mad one second
free-kick of P 417 Coronado bang this
one in ah
Oh half time five shots - on target
they've I do shots non on target he's
enough oh no oh no no no no don't push
me Oh
hmm
now officially losing my first game of
FIFA 17
Benzema kawaii bro noe Brenau Jesus here
we go here then how much Rodriguez swap
that fruit mod rich oh I go home again
so excited it's not even to win it is to
equalize that was a good goal pass there
we got hammers cheeky ball through mod
rich nice little finish one more good
way Rooney you like 18 is it this here
we go here go fail it's not that a
lovely beautiful I'm feeling it watch
what shuttle na na I'm feeling it I'm
feeling it
oh my god what a goal I'll easily get my
life look at that how is that gone in
how has it gone in I don't know oh my
god guys Jesus I am sweating guys whoa
any minute now soon we've done it we've
done it we've worn our first game of 17
Real Madrid vs Man United more series
talk now about the actual gameplay
itself I actually really enjoyed that
you know I like the pass inside of it it
felt like the passes were more smooth
bet the game felt good anyway now what
we're gonna do guys is move on to the
journey now I believe you can only play
your first match in this spot let's
let's do it guys let's go ahead and do
it
here we go
all right we're actually playing as I
said I'm really excited for this game
mode I'm not a big fan I like watching
all the like the cutscenes and not
really but I'd probably be more
interested in it when the full thing
gets released I love it
Oh terrible boy give me a bit of help
I'm not why would you pass that to me
I'd even call for him anyone huh was no
one here are you idiot I'll tell you
that there we go there we go he's on his
way he's on his way he's got a bit of
pace on him
cheeky finesse I thought I was going in
then Oh what ball for Mooney oh oh oh
that would have been spectacular oh god
no me cameras are charged new batteries
alert we need new batteries ok we're
back guys we've got some new batteries
I'm already one minute is it's 88th
minute
a few moments later well were
interesting and didn't likely play too
well but positives we had a lot of shots
set for like every single one of them
was really bad
oh my kidding I was it was just too bad
oh so bad look at our sweat so realistic
now we've just got the trailer I've seen
this about 150 times I'm really not too
bothered to know what guys I'm nasty
about that we played terrible as Alex
hunter and I'm not gonna leave it like
that guys we're gonna do another game of
the journey okay it's time guys for the
second match of today well technically
the third if you count the kickoff one
but the second one on the journey and
hopefully it can go a little bit better
than the first one gonna try and play
less selfishly like actually do a few
passes this games see how that goes I
mean anything I probably better than the
last game maybe slot left through yep oh
man oh man oh man
not bad stuff on Wayne do a better
running I don't know you're 80 but you
sure you got a bit left in yeah it's not
the ball trying to cut down thus where
is that I need my revenue guys I need
more revenue that a man United who that
man unites okay
don't mind if I do we only make make a
run Rooney for God see the scenes the
scenes you know I'm terribly game when I
literally scream what about sellouts
gonna go Morgan Hudson who's just
cording all on FIFA 17 absolute madness
finally guys the super sub Alex hunter
scores a goal for Manchester United
although you mush over guys we did it we
scored a goal I mean we did what we
wanted to do and I won't just get a goal
for me he's gonna goals a big thing
because I'm not very good so oh well
guys that is about it for this video and
why am I still wearing these they're
really uncomfortably honest on each
order new pair oh yeah guys that is it
for this video and I really really hope
you guys I've enjoyed obviously likes at
the start of the video if you could
leave a like that'd be absolutely
amazing I've let me know that you've
enjoyed this video and if you want more
FIFA 17 demo gameplay then again leave a
like on the video
tell me your opinion of this video in
the comment section below and also if
you want to ask a question or anything
you can do it down there and also
remember to follow my Twitter and add me
on snapchat all the information is down
there in the description I really really
hope you enjoyed the video guys the
steve 17 video a lot you guys asked for
this so hopefully you're all a bit more
pleased now hopefully you won't all stab
me like who's the Peter 17
anymore thank you all so much for
watching the video
I've been logs you guys been awesome and
I'll see you in the next video peace out
