come let's get 1,500 plus if it can I'll
be happy all right we've got war we go
what we got oh if there's a Pokemon that
you desire but cannot seem to catch then
click the link in the description to any
Pokemon calm they will log straight into
your account and catch the Pokemon for
you and remember to use code morgs I'd
check out for a discount hello everyone
and welcome back to another Pokemon Gale
episode and I've got to admit been a
while since I've said that I haven't
uploaded Pokemon going absolutely ages
and a lot of you guys have been asking
me where herds of Pokemon go gone to
today what we're gonna be doing is
pretty exciting I actually have a day
out in brother Valley planned with my
mom and of course Bruno now what rather
Bali is is a fairly large lake with a
big walkway around and I recently found
out that it's actually the home of quite
a few rare Pokemon and I believe a
squirtle nests so if there's a squirtle
that's like everyone's saying is then
I'm gonna aim for a Blastoise today and
if I look at my squirtle Candi we
actually have 40 squirtle candy and I
can confirm that we do already have a
Wartortle so if you've missed these so
pongo videos and if you're excited for
today's then please leave a like on the
video if we could get to 15,000 likes
I'll be absolutely insane now before we
set off I do have one exciting evolution
to do and this one could be potentially
very very big now if I go to my high so
bro will cease 1200 not the high CP so
what I'm gonna do right now is evolve a
slowpoke into a slow bro and this one
should be really really high my high
slowpoke is actually 682 and I believe
the multiplier for slow pokes is very
very good I'm going to power this up an
absolute ton and then we're going to
evolve this into eight slow bro okay
power up what we got 802 guys died
oh god no we've only got 49 candy oh god
no please have no slowpoke someone oh no
I went too far I went too far wasn't
paying attention to the cobol
100 a slow go saves the day transfer
love 802 slowpoke this could be one the
highest slope Rose I've ever seen
because I've never seen an 800 plus slow
poke this is getting confusing but here
we go guys slow grow evolution I've
already done this once but this one is
going to be well higher than 1200 guy
can this get 1,500 plus if it can't I'll
be happy
I won't we've got war we go what we got
Oh
1 7 18 guys 17 18 how is that that's not
food best poke come on guys guys
incredible just one CP higher than the
nidoqueen but honestly guy stays awesome
1 7 18 slowpoke with a fairly good move
set water and ice I'll take that now
what we're gonna do is get go into
rather ballet hope you guys are all
excited a one way to start the video so
in the car now on the way to brother
family and something quite frustrating
happened in this car yesterday so I was
on the way back from my cameras with my
mom and we saw Lysol and mr. mime on
polka radar obviously mr. round being a
reason exclusive I haven't got it yet
somehow land in England yes are we going
so it had six minutes left and we're
about 8 minutes away we went through it
and now we we didn't get it we were
closed but we didn't get it so I'll
straighten still haven't got a reason
exclusive I should have won by now I
feel like I should have gone by now but
the hunt continues still in the car guys
has the Polka stopped so I go and see
what government we've got those another
10k eggs so that's our third team cake
you can see now we've got 8.5 out of 10
which will pass you today and we've got
a 4.3 out of 10 not sure about that I'm
not sure if we'll get out today and then
we got done for the 5k eggs now I'm
going to stick that 10k in an incubator
in just a second but that's good guys
that's pre 10k eggs right so we've
arrived now in rather Valene the first
thing we've got is an egg I think this
is a 5k Stefan or 10k because we've only
walked like two minutes it's at Rattata
we've got actually start recording for
that it's a boiling day guys the
weather's turn around a lot Bruno
brewing it he's run off is making his
great escape ok guys we've got an egg
Oh slowpoke literally we're just on the
slope revolution it's only six six
serious we don't really matter
I've got another one got another one no
we haven't oh yeah we have mother
ghastly already got a gengar so again
not the best well yeah but
this is funny guys Bruno keeps walking
right near the water boy just how they
got the ball to go in or swans swans
come on Swansea and we don't want too
many more oh oh oh oh oh my gosh we've
got another egg and I think this is the
10 K egg I'm not 100% sure but I just
think it is some hope it's very chancy
which I haven't got yet my smart I've
already got one it was a 10 K egg it's a
1 2 5 6 there's ICP it's that good
I can turn well I'm not like Mike was a
good poke walnuts but I got like 5 of
them not the best guy we found out first
squirtle of the day this is a 564 I
think yeah 564 so this is a good one one
two oh there we go guys there we go got
squirrel first one of today we're on our
way to the blastocyst guys we've got
another evolution ready we can do oddish
to gloom now I don't actually have a
gloom so this is a brand new Pokemon
need way more candies to get it to the
bathroom I literally just rarely ever
find these are dishes brand new Pokemon
I don't even have one of these yet
somehow I haven't got one but I guess
now I have there we go so cannot we've
got another new milk on the Pokedex is
getting filled out 73 that's not too bad
port 120 seam 124 score through guys the
gaps are becoming less and less it's
getting really hard to find new Pokemon
there's a big gap there and then there's
a quite a big gap obviously down here
but they're really rare one good filled
all up out guys especially this section
here so we have just finished eating
we've got a bite to eat as you guys saw
we evolved a oddish into a gloom brand
new Pokemon as well as that we actually
caught some squirrels not one not two we
caught three squirrels guys pants always
sat down so yeah we've caught four score
so far since be there we need 125 as you
guys know to get a squirtle all the way
to a black boys we can't have about 66 I
believe so will we do today it's gonna
be close it's gonna be close
passed about five groups of people all
playing Pokemon all talking about
squirrels and blast oysters honestly
this is one the most well known spot
for squirtle squirtle nests another
thing that I've been doing today is
catching magic cards now that's
something I'm really been talking about
by actually have about three hundred and
twenty five companies obviously when he
forwarded for the Gyarados so that's
another thing that are common around
here obviously we've been a big lake
we're getting close and I've just been
kind of getting all Pokemon sport was
this thenn and I don't need that do it
obviously go this is one of the best
vocal in the game I really really need
one selves in finding them quite a bit
too damn fun about 3:00 today same as
the squirtles really wind by the way
from the Sun guys is absolutely boiling
well we've got another egg the egg look
so fast and quite bad hope this turns up
crappy growlin Oregon afternoon actually
if this is ICV not worn this jacket guys
it is boiling up climbing look at the
camera right boy yeah guess what we
found guys another bloody squirrel on us
the fifth one off today edging closer
and closer to the Blastoise we need to
catch this one though we get with a
raspberry I'm the great fall I think I
should be enough to make the catch if we
got it there we go great hit great ball
raspberry curve if this doesn't get it I
don't know what will to breathe there we
go guys we caught the squirrel that's
the fifth one of today we're getting
closer to the Blastoise another egg here
ready to heart Charlie the screen
recorder I don't think it's going to be
anything good my expectations are really
low okay go you're mad new Pokemon oh my
god away from recording I'm the biggest
idiot ever I've gone and got on you the
new Pokemon 9 6 8 tangle as my
expectations are really low we have just
got a tangler that is a brand new
Pokemon I'll literally dive and have
that so that's two new Pokemon so far in
this video guys I can't believe the one
egg I don't scream of course I get
tangles just we've now done 121 on the
Pokedex
so we're getting there guys we're
getting there we're getting there we're
getting there
look away look away look away
it's melting no more than okay why don't
you just suck and see you in it hi yo
guys it's marks mom so most is walking
Bruno for the first time in three years
he's enjoying the experience
Morgan is it recording yeah nothing you
just recorded me Paulo yeah I'm trying
to get if I do it that way you useless
your business right guys so I've just
double checked on my eggs and we've only
got two left in incubators and the both
happened to be 10k eggs now the first
one which will definitely hatch in this
episode is on eight point four out of
ten so that I'll probably be one of the
next clip not much left on that one then
the second egg is another tank egg and
that's all about four point four a 10 so
I'm not sure if we'll manage that one in
this video but we've guaranteed to do
one more obviously avoided Dom warning
got a magmar but there's not too much
less than 10k the chauncey to get
obviously Kabuto is always good because
we're close to the cabin tops but yeah
get a bit tired of thing with a 66
squirtle just ran from me very annoyed
right now
not gonna lie I waving a good 166 s imma
lowest one today and it runs from me
like what the hell
we found a 5-10 squirrel this is one the
highest ones that we found today this is
gonna be a hard catch Jesus just 510 Oh
excellent
yeah excellent live on camera guys
that's a brilliant wanna show me Oh what
how could it break out first time after
an excellent broke why they excellent
why the excellent if it's just broke out
first time to free there we go guys
we've got another squirtle straight
after that one guys we found another one
this is 534 so I'm gonna go off camera
and just try and catch this Alain oh if
we get it on off with it with two great
shots in it when it round it's still run
yeah so nice so just after that one went
and ran on was we found another squirtle
a 304 CP one with it with a curved great
ball first time we got it thank God for
that
guys I decided ently opened its tanker
I give up unlucky kill myself a jinx oh
my god that was the 10k guy I sent Leo
pijn dit and I wasn't recording then it
was a jinx oh my god I'm so annoyed I
can't believe that the worst thing
possible that is literally the worst
thing possible I'm so done okay so we're
on the way now back to the cars been a
long day guys we've done one and a half
laps round I think we found about twelve
squirtles and about six magikarps so in
terms of the Gyarados and the Blastoise
we've made a lot of progress we'll take
a closer look when we're back here on
but for now we're just heading back to
the car literally about five minutes
away from the car and we've found a
squirtle guys to end off the day 142 CP
she'll be an easy car I'll go with a
great ball I don't think it's worthy of
an ultra Oh on this was a good start
there we go we hit it with his it guys
final squirtle to end off the day get
selves one step closer to are you
kidding me watch it run can't believe
that really can't believe that three
squirrels of RAM for us today well ah
that's that let's care about Carol okay
so we are back now from the Pokemon go
journey adventure for today
and it's been a pretty eventful day
there's been an absolute ton of awesome
moments and then there's been a fair few
slightly disappointing moments but
anyway guys we arrive there at about one
o'clock and left at about 4:00 so that's
a solid day out today playing Pokemon go
I used 100 percent of my phone battery
nice I returned home buying on 1% when I
walked through the door and it died as I
was about to plug in just I tell you
that but anyway guys we set up today
with two specific goals continue our
progress to the Gyarados and the
Blastoise and to be fair we've made a
lot of progress with both of those
pokemon I'm going to show you the exact
candies I've got for both magical I'm
squirtle in just a moment but I believe
today we caught about 11 squirtles give
them of course ran away from us so it
could have been a lot more and we also
caught about 6 to 7 Magikarp and then as
well as that we've actually got two
brand new PO corn which is always a good
feeling I mean you just
of getting a brand-new Pokemon basically
when it's so hard to get brand-new
Pokemon I mean I've completed 121 of the
Pokedex so get a new pokemon is quite a
tricky challenge anyway I'm going to
boot on my phone and show you guys all
the progress we've made today so if I
start by going on to recent I'm just
going to show you guys everything that
we've got today so starting off the most
recent thing we caught was a nine five
board jinx and I said caught did not
know it in catches we hashed it from a
10k egg yes guys basically what happened
they all have been one of the last clips
you actually saw I actually hatched the
egg when I wasn't recording accidentally
so I just whipped out my camera I
managed to catch this hatch live and
jinx nine five four drinks honestly I
think that's where this stage the worst
thing you can get from an egg and then
today two Pokemon that we got a lot of
that in really mention I haven't
mentioned yet is Bellsprout and oddish
if I scroll through here we got a few
V's got some bail sprouts at the top
there I've got weepinbell and we've got
birthday Bellsprout candy so we're
getting close to the victory bell which
of course I haven't got yet got an
oddish obviously we evolved into a gloom
which I'll show you in a minute but this
is the first new Pokemon of today's
episode and this was tangler now I don't
know how I go tangler yeah the quite
common Pokemon I believe 496 ACP is
never really gonna be a Pokemon that
you're gonna like using your top six
it's just kind of want to fill out the
Pokedex until obviously tango gets
introduced I believe that's like Gen 4
so that'll be a while and we've got
seven four four growl if this was out on
an egg now I believe the growl if I
evolved to get my two thousand plus our
k9 was about a nine hundred and fifty
so either we spend a ton of Stardust and
candy and how this guy up or we wait to
try and get a higher cp1 because i don't
know if you guys remember that the
actual episode where I got my arcanine
but I believe the actual growl of when I
start this parrot up was about 750 and
then I powered it up a ton to get it to
like a nine fifty then I evolved it and
got the two thousand plus so we could go
ahead and power this up I won't do that
this episode I'll do that another
episode we actually got my brand new
high squirtle which is a five six four
and as you can see down there we have 74
squirtle candy so what I started today
we had under 50 I believe we had about
42 so we've made a lot of progress
anyway 74 squirrel candy we are
definitely on our way to the Blastoise
we go oh yeah we've got a twelve hundred
and fifty-six Magma this was the first
10k egg we did two 10k eggs magma and
jinx I still need an Electra boys still
need am Chauncey so when you get stuff
like magma and jinx it can really be
happy about that but I believe this is
my new heist magma pretty decent Pokemon
I mean I don't mind magma it's quite
cool Pokemon but I need an electric bus
however not gone electra boys yet for
God's sake you probably noticed quite a
few magic arts as I've been scrolling
through if I go in this one we have 341
candy - all the ones we can transfer
will call it 350 candy when we started
today we had about 320 cells a lot of
progress with the magikarps as I said a
minute ago so that is really good
anything else to point out to think oh
of course we got the gloom this was the
second new Pokemon of today and again
it's a really really common program
which I just didn't I've got ten oddish
candy
I need hundred for the VAR plume so that
is gonna be a tricky one to get but
anyway we finally Garcelle x' the gloom
and I'm happy about that guys
and then one thing which I haven't
mentioned right at the start of the
episode we did an evolution and we
actually evolved a slowpoke into a slow
bro which happens to be a brand new food
highest CB Pokemon is a massive massive
evolution the move sir is a fairly good
one six water gun and then 65 ice beam I
believe that's quite a move sir I'm not
hundred percent sure that I'm not the
best person with movesets
I just know that my arcanine has one of
the worst move sets in the world guys
look at that
anyway brand new third highest CP
Pokemon slow bro quite cool Pokemon I do
like slow bros so it's cool to have one
of them in my top six and also guys rip
my old slow bro he is getting
transferred because we only need one
just thinking do we have any other
revolutions to do I mean we'll always
have like Caterpie x' and meta pods and
stuff like that but I mean like
evolutions worth doing I'll have a look
there's something to note guys 42
coughing candy and we need 50 we are
very close to a wheezing and also 44 out
of 50 kobato candy so we're really close
to the cover top this is really tempting
guys I have 132 poly white candy I mind
go ahead and May
a brand-new Poliwrath highest poly one
is four four seven by power they saw a
lot we're gonna do this guys we're
making a new polygraph guys let's get
this door time to transfer more graph
you've been a good polygraph man caught
in wild but it's time for him to be
replaced with a superior Poliwrath okay
we have ourselves a four nine - poliwag
I have absolutely no clue what the
multiplied rate is for a poly well I
just piled him up I meant to evolve oh
my god wha they're done oh my god what
have I done
I meant to click evolve and I click
powerup rate that means I can't evolve
it to a poly such an idiot anyway that
was a bad mistake for me we've gone 852
Poliwhirl this thing should be a mad
Poliwrath obviously now cuz I have an
absolute melt we're gonna have to wait
what why did I do that man Oh God
okay guys so that is the end of this
Pokemon go video and I'm sorry for that
messed up at the end but I'll try and
make sure that by the next episode we
can do that evolution to get the
absolute beast
of a poly Ralph now get poly wives and
poly worlds all the time round where I
live so if I don't have the evolution
ready by the next episode I will be very
very surprised anyway I hope you guys
have enjoyed this episode it's been a
really really cool one I've had a lot of
fun going out into a different place
schedule some cool Pokemon get a lot
closer to the Blastoise and the Gyarados
which we should have very soon are you
guys still enjoying these focal growth
suits do you want to see more if so then
leave a like on the video and also a
comment down below any feedback or just
anything you want to say leave them in
the conversation below thank you all so
much for watching if you watch all the
enjoined absolute legend so as always
I've been more do you guys have been
awesome and I'll see you in the next
video peace
Oh
