okay guys so I have just got back cry
and while I was out I may have pulled
off one of the funniest lyric prank
videos I've ever seen yo guys mugs and
today we have another lyric prank video
and this one is gonna be on my mom I
actually did all the text in while I was
hour and honestly guys we got one of the
funniest reactions I've ever seen well
it kind of went wrong in a way because
my mom actually got really really
worried but you guys are gonna love this
one
so the song I used for this video is
cold water by Major Lazer but if this is
the first video of you've ever seen of
me then remember to subscribe to the
channel and also leave a like on the
video if we could get twelve thousand
five hundred likes on this video that
I'd be really really good guys I mean a
lot to me it'd only take you guys a
second there the light bomb would it but
it would mean a lot you guys absolutely
love to the last alert part video and
obviously I said 15,000 likes and I do
one on my mum we got a lot more than
15,000 likes guys you loved that video
honestly guys this one is really really
funny
I kind of feel bad for my mom though
cats and you'll see why now just like
the last episode feel free to leave your
song suggestions in the comment section
below for the next one I'm not sure how
frequently I'm gonna do these lower
crime videos when you guys seem to be
enjoying them so I'll see what I can do
guys leave a song in there in the
comments section and the reason I chose
cold water by Major Lazer is because so
I'll love you guys suggested this song
it was one of the top suggested songs if
you look at the conversation of the last
layer playing video so that's why I
decided to go with this video so I think
it's time that we get started with this
video and I show you guys these song
lyric text prank so let's do this and
mom if you're watching this which you
probably are
I'm really sorry everybody
sometimes you know they start off kind
of standard with the what do you mean hi
question mark kiss I wasn't sure if she
kind of would catch on to the hide drugs
thing but this part surprised me what
else can we do
wait Morgan are you on drugs like what I
call me now I didn't call it guys I
wanted to keep the video going I was
almost gonna call so take a deep breath
and then this next line of this song
worked really well with the whole drugs
thing she take a deep breath now and let
it go seems like ya did this can you let
it go so it'll it really works so she
goes tell me where you are right now I'm
furious I think she genuinely thought I
was on that line didn't really work but
she goes what Megan where are you
yep she literally put Megan please ring
me I'm getting worried and there should
have been a possible between the I in
the M I'm just saying mum you should
begin this grandma right and then she
goes what question mark question mark
question mark question mark question
mark and another another question mark
I don't know what she was thinking at
this point because the lyrics kind of
didn't really work what literally I
don't know what's gonna fry it she said
ring me in full capitals guys I think
she was getting really really worried
and then she goes please where are you
I'm worried so at this point I was like
old um this is getting kind of serious
maybe I should break the news to assume
that it's a prank and then I thought now
let's keep it going a little bit more
then she says you're not making sense
why are you saying these things just to
point out again there should have been
an apostrophe between the you and the r
mom you got to work on your grandma I
thought grammar
and then she just goes straight in there
with the classic what what and then now
is where this got really really serious
she goes okay I'm coming looking for you
please ring me when she says these stuff
she's been serious guys so I was like
the way I see it cuz this was late on
I've ever just got back this was a like
a late hour so like she would have been
in bed and if I get her out of bed and
she goes in the car looking for me and
then I say it's just a prank
she would have been literally furious so
I don't wait don't go I'm sorry I was
texting you the lyrics of cold water
Major Lazer
it was a prank sorry and then she goes
for God's sake Morgan you had me so
worried again there should have been a
cup to light on Morgan I'm just pointing
out the grammar again it's kind of an
ongoing thing now she could have been
like seconds away from driving away and
looking for me so like if she'd have set
off then I would have been in deep shit
so be hey guys that was the prank and
that one was real I don't know it was
funny with anyone it was also like it
went wrong like type of thing fly I
don't know if I'm like her that was so
good alright cuz I genuinely like
worried I genuinely scared her and this
is like serious but funny at the same
time so I mean you guys have probably
found it quite entertaining but guys
guys the end of this song limit pranking
I'm sorry this was quite a short video
but honestly such a funny one guys I
mean I love doing these I hope you guys
have enjoyed this video if you have them
please leave a like as I said 12,500
lies would be absolutely awesome guys
that mean the world to me and as well as
commented us on for the next one what do
you guys - tell me what you think was
the best song we're playing the first
one on my dad or the second one on my
mom but once again thank you all so much
for watching this video it really really
means a lot to me I hope you guys are
enjoying the content at the moment I'm
trying really really hard stayin awake
get it all done for you guys well that's
why it's so remember to subscribe if
you're new leave a like on the video
comment and something for the next one
and thank you all so much for watching
as always I've been more
you guys been awesome and I'll see you
in the next video peace
