hello can I come in
so you guys I said they're buzzing like
some room table we got about 25 other
things something like that together
so here's guys this is the main hallway
we're going to start with the left room
and this is the second bedroom
this isn't mine the second one this is
my dad's I mean sighs decent size bed TV
it does joke it's good I mean why do I
make a second bedroom into video tell
air conditioning very useful because
it's absolutely boiling let's visualize
this room we're gonna move on to making
all I then wrote down that you've got
Beauty lamp
Beauty right I love you Mia but we're
gonna get tonight a second and then
because that's the most amazing but we
got mirror and now here is the bathroom
I mean put it out okay look this is the
this is a bathroom this is a bat
bathroom no shower
I mean I get this almost I'll show you
this I don't know one more just on from
shower bathrooms and I come weather okay
so let's continue this ago buddy see
gotten the soap toothbrush glasses
mirror oh and over here is the toilet
very nice roller very very confident I
rate it good toilet you can rev up a
little bit a little bit hot oh okay
let's continue this shut it up moving on
down we have got a wardrobe good good
space was Mesa Mesa toward you're not
watching real estate here's the lounge
now yeah
the hotel actually has a lot I think is
bigger than my lounge and this is a
hotel so fairly big as you can see
couple tables so steel guess I'm second
here we have the minibar discord floor
space cousin kelwick at nasa carol last
coffee machine I believe probably going
to get wrecked in the construction for
said anything wrong but ya got mugs your
mug we've got no really show you either
forgive me we've got glasses more
glasses no way we're going to be
screwing no chef and then here we got
the mini-fridge few little bits of juice
in there we got some Pepsi match
okay this was given to me I didn't buy
this this I didn't that in dico PA was
given to me against my own consent what
are they
it was the thing I am anyway moving on
it we've got this TV ie bigger than me I
mean that's quite hot it's not too
bigger than me TV but very good very
good very good very good so long I'd say
not sin at age 55 or 60 years I don't
know I mean my TV's pretty big for that
looks similar size I test probably 50
inch or 55 nice little desk for the
ultimate game itself 2017 coming soon
coming simple to do and then we've got
the main area space set a light window
view bar sherry like more detail outside
nature does it know long wheels but it
does spin so what no I can't roll it
let's move on to my bed you and this is
the big one guys let's go say it's a
little bit smaller than the lounge but I
mean eyes kind of to be expected but a
lot of you around here say that's about
a 8 people probably all 99 people very
big bird I mean
just about fixed me on here me after
doing a little bit more room but just
about fix mega sized tables a lot for my
headphones and then we've just got all
the recording equipment now we got a TV
how could I forget how much they use
this much cooler in a laptop and any
videos and just having fun but yeah TV
tell anatomies are cracking again and
then we've got a wardrobe and another
place to sit
literally I mean you spoil up a choice
to argue I mean consider so I'm you're
looking clothes and then the Wardrobe
clothes in their bag more clothes boxers
socks boring stuff
and now I'm going to show you guys the
outside the balcony of you
so let's go not bad you know like Nisha
is very nice this hotel is good for
solar panels panel is like most of its
power which is pretty cool you can see
them all in room then we got some beds
another table another place to sit this
is nice nice alright now let's get this
way on the mix up of it coming up a
notch go back okay guys get ready for
this go into the stairs this your boy
walk long come on come on God the main
boom this is a I don't if this is really
a room but it's an outside closed-off
area with a little Sybilla some feelings
I'm here with you guys may find called a
particle you probably will find it cool
so
I mean it's a nobody on top every also
you know yeah you find everywhere oh
yeah oh yeah we have our own to deal
with this is the bottle ah oh oh oh no
let me stop top oh yeah
okay no boy
oh oh oh we're talking about it happen
you know this is a nice place even a
life I found out on so I'm such a good
time we'd be there for three days now so
we're at Halloween all day don't wait to
give it all I really hope people enjoyed
the tour a lot we like to meet everyone
like I'd always if I never see 15,000
wiseguy fifty thousand drives you insane
dicey highest white dog I've ever set I
really been able to get that book
I'll always anymore you guys been
awesome I'll see you in the next video
peace out
