if there's a Pokemon that you desire but
cannot seem to catch then click the link
in the description to any Pokemon calm
they will log straight into your account
and catch the Pokemon for you and
remember to use code mods I check out
for a discount hello one today we have
another video and today it's another
vlog style Pokemon go video so it is the
second day of Bennet it is Saturday and
a few things happening today number one
is the is the first game of the new
Premier League season we've got tons of
games today including set for Wednesday
game obviously my team which we're going
to be going down and watching but what
actually doing right now is going down
to the sea now if I just show you off of
my balcony you can see the sea down
there in the distance so it's a fairly
long walk it's about a ten minute walk I
believe but I'm gonna take my GoPro can
you see me I've gone really dark can you
see me there you go okay so I'm gonna
take my GoPro try and get some insane
footage down there I'm also going to
take my phone Stephen any Pokemon
anybody if we could smash 10,000 likes
again on this video that I've been
saying and I really really hope you're
enjoying the content I'm doing while I'm
on holiday I'm loving producing if you
guys but anyway really quickly just in
case you came I'm going to put a
screenshot of my Pokemon team on the
screen right now as you can see climate
change since the start of last episode
we've got that brand new lap price and
then obviously we got the rapper - if
you haven't seen the last episode go
watch it because it was insane but
anyway we're going to do now is set off
on the way through the beach I really
really hope y'all excited and hopefully
we get some really really cool shots in
the ocean tell you what guys is
absolutely boiling I really can't wait
to get to the sea guys I got some good
news my 10k egg my second 10k egg is on
9 out of 10 literally I'll be hatching
in a few moments maybe not few moments
but in a few minutes so I mean sick I'm
excited
guys we found a wild Charmander
obviously a starter Pokemon we really
really want to catch this I only ever
have got one of the Charmander and that
was from an egg 1 - oh my god is broke
out here we've hit it again come on
surely second time with actually being
in the ball one - are you kidding oK
we've hit it third time look it guys
third time within the ball okay what
we've got one
- brie there we go we've got the wild
charm and oh go got sixteen can the
officer because we hatched the first one
from an egg 312 CP by the way so it's
not the worst CP either so we made it
guys onto the beach was walking to the
shore now with Jesus
the Sun is absolutely boiling it's like
walking on lava not literally but yeah
we made on the beach
you
I was really nervous that were just on
our way back to the hotel now we've just
been playing some local girl on the
beach and also going into sea I hope you
enjoyed the GoPro footage on the in the
sea obviously I assume I'll be doing
what more GoPro footage throughout the
whole day but yeah so we're just going
back to the hotel now and then we're
going to go up once again to get some
tea and also watch the football it's
about 10:00 to 3:00 and then all the
games obviously kick off a Korean and
Wednesdays at 5:30 is it 5:30 so yeah
obviously looking for to that so we're
back in the hotel now guys and she gave
a quick dip in the pool obvious reasons
I'm absolutely boil injured before we go
out football started we're gonna miss a
start but the main one we care about is
obviously Wednesday the Premier League
one I want to see them but I'm not
massively bothered I think we'll catch
the second half so yeah guys the 10k egg
actually hatched while it was in my bag
for some reason it came on and then the
screen actually am pressed somehow
something pressed it and basically we've
got a cavity so I'm not sure if you can
see very well but there you guys are 598
CP Kabuto so it's okay because obviously
want the Cavitt ops is a brand new
pokemon but still not necessarily what
we wanted from a 10k egg the moveset is
all I got 19 candy so we're getting
there but it's just not that good as it
really right so we've just finished
watching the Wednesday night's game nil
nil it's a good result for us but now
we're going 40 in the hotel restaurant
but before we do that we're going to go
back to the room because I have some
insane evolutions to make right now I've
got two new Pokemon okay so in vacuum
now guys now is a little bit incorrect
we actually only have one evolution to
do but the second one we are very very
close to the second one will come later
tonight so the one we can do right now
is monkey two primaries obviously
primate being a brand new program what's
the one we're going to be able to do
later is growl it's organized by growl
up is 923 CP which I believe is very
very high but we'll get into that later
we obviously need to cut one more and
growling cuz we've got 47 candy but the
one we're gonna do right now
is mine Kim got 56 monkey can do amazing
ones go ahead and make the primate I
don't think the monkeys very high so I'm
not expecting like a huge CP primate boy
if it could get like 750 I guess that'd
be quite prime it's a pretty cool
Pokemon but the main reason we're
getting this is just for the XP and me
outs has crashed
it's just literally crash it's just
literally crash something it crashed
midway through an evolution what does
that mean sweat and if I doubt this
primary if I'm gonna be absolutely
fuming let's let's see what happens - no
way what weight was it it's not it's not
there
oh there Oh where's dinner peril reason
gosh oh because it's an evolution I'm
such an idiot
anyway we have a 1040 primate the moon
set is fairly Bardem he's all right I
guess but a 1040 primeape obviously
we've got all the XP we've got a long
way to go till we are level 24 but still
I think we'll get to us okay my bad guys
we actually have another Pokemon area to
evolve we've got 633 cause very
obviously to get that clefable so we're
going to go straight ahead in your
fables can be pretty high but I've got a
feeling this isn't gonna be the highest
one I'm expecting about a 1,300 I guess
would be quite good 1332 guys just kind
of why expected now that's not too bad
if I actually write this to my CP is in
the top nine actually my butt is eight
in the top nine there we go that's
pretty cool anyway as I said why I'm off
to do right now is go and have tea while
I mean that will be catching some
Pokemon but I can't record it but yeah
I'm gonna go for to you right now and I
hope you guys enjoyed the video okay so
as you can tell we're now outside we're
going to go to a few bars have a few
drinks then we're gonna go to one which
is like a one with live band on go try
and catch some Pokemon on the way but my
phone is actually just updating the new
iOS so taking a while but hopefully not
missing out on anything too good dad you
wanna show them all you're absolutely
incredible team incredible one eight
four goal but why else could you ask for
guys look it up we got a wild slow row
now I have one problem I only have
pokeballs so this is going to be a
really really hard touch the only way
we're going to get this I assume is if
we hit it with like a great prayer
an excellent throw or like just
something really really good already
have a slow worker I don't really need
this obviously you know we want a slow
guys want to catch this for the video
but yeah okay come on back one two come
on no way we've got it we actually got
our first time first time within the
ball we just got a slow go that is
absolutely sick
look at that guys 1014 Pokemon caught in
a pokeball lies absolutely awesome I'm
so happy Bella okay guys what's actually
happen with the screen recorder that I
use which is a shoe is that it's
actually offline because they're
updating it for the new iOS so that
means that we're in a bit of trouble but
for the rest experience you have to hold
this camera up to my phone I'm sorry
about that but there's literally nothing
I can do about it guys look at that we
found a growler obviously if we can
catch this then that means we can evolve
and we did will do the arcanine evolve
later when I've got my screen recorder
but we need to just focus on actually
catching this first and then use the
great ball because obviously it's just
such an important catch we know what we
hit it with it with it come on come on
come on one two come on we've done it
we've done guys
Arkan I'm so excited we're going to do
that like honestly that's amazing though
just caught a cheeky 111 squirtle guys
didn't record it because it's only a
squirtle for that means Ralph's at 28
Candy's case I think it's time we take
over our first gym this is a gym with
just a 1000 electricals and we need to
beat this once so this should be
incredibly easy obviously my screen
recorder isn't working at the moment and
neither is the app apparently because I
can't really fight this gym okay here we
are we're in the guys okay so we'll
literally just need to beat this once
okay we're all wrong well here we go
as you can see wait are we to perfective
or is it super effective I think we're
superfecta vote oh no I think it I'm not
actually sure to be honest I'm gonna
keep it in it though because it seems to
be doing a lot of damage obviously this
is such as 2,000 versus 1000 so we
should absolutely destroy this guy but
anyways as soon as we take this gym over
I mean we can take one of the five box
this is obviously one of the challenges
is take over five gyms so what we're
going to do right now is take this gym
it's on claims or some claims gonna put
in our best Pokemon we're gonna go CP
you're going to put in a lot for us
actually because it's not just all
injured but there we go we took over our
first gym so let's kick that first box
obviously we've got four more until we
complete that challenge but yeah good
start guys it's a good start
look what time is guys time for another
egg again I'm so sorry I can't record
the actual screen but hopefully this is
good enough for you guys oh no a bitchy
African Pidgey are you kidding me he
does the worst thing possible we got
another one I believe this is another 2k
let me try and actually get my phone in
the body shop oh that's a challenge
completed I can't believe that's my
first bubble saw
oh my god versed's boys new Pokemon
Bulbasaur that's a challenge completed
it's a 5 9 2 CP oh my god I wish I
divide that what he captured on my
screen recordable honestly was bloody
polka my can't leave it please guys one
of these challenges so that's another
challenge completed guys you're on our
way to completing all 9 but still new
pokemon another new pokémon we finally
got balls I mean it took us long and
North you know what time is guys time
for another egg Oh magical Oh this
billion Magikarp 2k egg but that works
really
well now we have 277 candy obviously we
really want the Gerudo so I'm quite
happy about that guys we found a 736
magmar but I've got one Ultra Ball I
have one shot of this this this this
could be very stressful I'm going to
make sure I hit this whoo oh my god wait
hold on kind of buy more pokeballs he's
gone no no oh my god I mean I've already
got magma but it was my magma is like
200 CPI are those a piss-take I have to
buy more pokeballs guys look what we've
just stumbled across a buddy Ken K egg
is about time we've got another one of
these but yeah we're gonna get that in
an incubator and we should be seeing a
hatch in the next episode we got some
eggs boys these are all 5 k eggs and I
believe they might be like 1 2 K egg but
what we're gonna get come on oh hey I
thought I could be quite good that come
and get it coming I do go oh no way we
can of all that is another revolution to
do later on boys oh my god that's
incredible I cannot believe that we've
absolute just got something good for my
first egg if we can get something Jesus
Christ what the buddy out what we're
gonna get from this second one oh no way
until we can involve these two I think
we could have all this - oh look a la
we're gonna volve that - that's two new
evolutions and then we got another we've
got another come on come on come on come
on candle look continued candle will
continue mmm I don't think so guys we've
had we've already got like two gold dogs
we don't really need that we got another
one boys four eggs in a rope another
slowpoke can we get another Slowbro yet
we've got that I've got four seven kinda
losing you pokémon to evolve when we get
home also k so we're heading back to the
hotel now but as I said the video is far
from over
thank you cars as I say in the video is
far from over guys I believe we have
about seven pokémon to evolve it's going
to be crazy honestly okay so the first
Pokemon we have to evolve is an Ekans
now we can evolve this obviously into an
r bach we already have an R Bar it's
about a nine hundred and fifty seven I
believe this is about a four hundred I
think it was 78 or twenty-eight ekans so
we should be looking at one thousand
plus R Bar which is obviously one
we get so many of these Ekans that we
may as well just evolve them just for
the experience I'm going to pop a look
after this one because I forgot to put
one on but yeah oh no that was really
pointless
we didn't even over take the old our
ball oh not necessarily the best stop
anyway we're going to pop a looking
right now so obviously when you get all
the X Peaks we're about to do a lot more
evolutions right now so the next post
one we have is a Sandshrew and obviously
sandslash
is a new pokemon and statue is a really
really common pokemon over lands want
you but this is a brand new pokemon sign
flash and one I don't have and I'm
excited honestly I'm excited at this
stage getting new Pokemon is just
awesome like even if it's not my high CP
you just want the new Pokemon experience
obviously filling out the Pokedex boy be
good if this was over a thousand CP
sandslash is never going to be like a
massively high Pokemon
but yeah 1080 that's basically what I
expect that's not too bad so what we're
going to do right now is evolve this
knit around we can actually this is a
female and we're just going to evolve
this into a Nidorino and then we've got
a few more candies to get before we can
get a Nidoqueen obviously we already
have an idio cream which we call wild
basal OCP so we're gonna make one we're
going to start from the bottom make one
boom a knitter run to a knit up Queen so
that the CP will be higher but we're
going to check the CP of this Nidorino
hopefully it's around 900 that make a
really awesome Nidoqueen and there we go
789 not amazing but still the actual
Nidoqueen we have is 643 so it's already
not good I mean I wasn't fully evolved
but yeah there's another one guys it's
actually a better net now I already have
a venomoth but it's a really low CP this
will definitely be an upgrade on the CP
of the venom off it's a pretty decent
Pokemon I mean venomoth it's not like if
you found in the street you won't be
going mad would easily believe LM off by
anyway the main program we're going to
evolve is Rio then we're gonna wait and
going to save the best of laughs anyway
hoping a 1012 on this venomoth that'd be
pretty awesome yeah they would give 1000
on 49 I will take that obviously down
with the old venom off 735 CPS there is
a massive upgrade on that and then we're
gonna see what else we've got on our
case what I'm gonna do now is make a do
Gong now do Gong is a brand new Pokemon
another batch of Pokemon the seal we
have is 690 and obviously as you can
tell so again another new pokémon that's
absolutely awesome
do you Gong I don't know much about a
song
once on pokévision but that was
obviously ages ago ages ago I mean
pokévision we had that that bridge and
penny we do wrong for the interest in
Pokemon I guess I could see a lot of
fish mixed together and everything for
about 1,000 CT I don't know how good you
guns actually are so maybe I'll get
surprised yeah there we go that's really
good 1223 this episode's honestly been
mad we've got so many so many new
Pokemon and we're not even done yet
which is not even done yet we've got so
many more and another brand new program
we're gonna make it it's a Mario white
now the cue boat is 537 my what another
bunny Pokemon Cubans are everywhere in
London or John six is quite a barren
place you get things like Geodude q
bones and stuff like that which you
don't usually find where I come from
Sheffield area but yeah my what a brand
new pokémon at once again we must be
getting so much experience from this and
we're also filling out the Pokedex
honestly to even get like five new
pokemon in an episode is crazy we must
have got like 10 because obviously we
vault earlier on and got the core fable
and the primate so that's two oh and the
Marek 898 so basically 900 I wasn't
expecting much from the my wife because
it's a pretty terrible Pokemon I'm not
gonna lie to you guys
oh and one thing Wesley did catch today
which I did manage to record was a
Hitmonlee now it's a new Pokemon but the
CP was terrible
yeah just I'll show you guys we've got
Hitmonlee she's a really rapid one
obviously 10k egg Pokemon so that's a
really cool thing to get yeah that's it
guys we're gonna move on to the big one
now I assume a lot of you guys know I'm
talking about obviously it's the
arcanine now this is a Pokemon which
I've been waiting for absolutely ages
you aren't going wave this ranges and
yeah I can't wait guys we've got nine
hundred and twenty three growl of which
I've been told is extremely high
now I'm gonna hope this is above 1500
because then it'll be an upgrade to our
flareon but anything above 1500 I'll be
chopped I expect realistically about a
1400 so we're gonna see if I get
surprised here but I'm not sure guys
anyway we're gonna bolt this growling
obviously making the arcanine can please
one of the challenges for the holiday
which is absolutely awesome but yeah
Arcanine I mean
crowler's has been everywhere in London
really really surprised me but there is
the arcanine okay come on CB hit me with
something good please hit me with
something good
he's gonna register it we're going away
we're gonna wave honestly ma'am 1,400
plus I'll be happy do poses we got you
bit loose mom are you kidding me
2070 games oh my god I mean actual shock
we got you my Pokemon oh my god you guys
we've got brand new Betsy Bebo come on I
don't believe it I stop best Pokemon I'm
speechless guys 2072 I was expecting a
1400 and we got 2072 that is incredible
oh my days
honestly man I mean I knew I knew our
canines were good but I did not think
2000 could oh my god honestly guys if
that doesn't deserve a like then
literally what does I'm still in actual
shock like nice bloody amazing I cannot
believe we've just got self and our
cannon I thought I just plain mad I know
I'm gonna do now is well everything
we're going this episode and it's been
an insane one this just easily been the
best episode of the series like I'm
talking by far so we got 2072 arc and I
not you guys obviously know we got one
free free to cook fable which is a brand
new Pokemon we got a 1200 on 23 dugong
by 1080 Sun slash got a 1040 primate
right at the star the video we've
actually already got 14 candies so we
should be getting another primate by the
end of the holiday but then we also got
a 1000 done 49 venema we got a brand new
947 arbok even though the 957 one is
actually better than it
we are 898 marowak another brand new
Pokemon got 789 it Arena on the way to
the nidoqueen oh and then another thing
we completely forgot about it's the
bloody Bulbasaur and another challenge
completed guys 592 Bulbasaur it's about
time we go for basalt because literally
I've been looking for one of them for
absolutely ages and we finally got one
but guys guys the end of today's Pokemon
go video and I really really hope you
guys have all enjoyed August they've got
my segment in the sea
we got a ton of new Pokemon
new evolutions honestly I just I can't
believe it guys
I still can't baby we've got a new best
Pokemon eyes incredible honestly please
leave like some video guys I don't know
why you wouldn't
I mean if all that stuff done deserve a
like then look I don't know what just
dies by far the most insane episode yes
so I mean 10 files lines would be great
really gonna hope you've all enjoyed if
you knew then please subscribe and that
is about it for this video so as always
I've been more you guys been awesome
I'll see you in the next video peace
