if there's a Pokemon that you desire but
cannot seem to catch then click the link
in the description they will log
straight into your account and catch the
Pokemon for you and remember to use code
morgs at checkout for a discount welcome
everyone to another episode of Pokemon
go on today we have episode 9 now I
can't believe how fast this series has
gone most of you guys pull this area so
I can honestly say that I'm happy to
bring you guys episode 9 and another
thing that makes it so unique is the
last episode before we go on holiday now
if you don't already
you probably dukes it's like all I've
been talking about for the past few days
by anyway I've gone holiday on Friday
now you'll be watching this on 3rd then
which means this is the last video
before we gone hold on while on holiday
I'm gonna be doing it a bunch of all
superb McGurk's own vlog star pokemon
gopis Oh anyway I have a few things to
talk to you guys behind this video I
also have a few things to show you like
Simon save oh c'mon countries and when I
say insane I honestly mean the same some
of the best catches we've made in the
entire series like we caught a brand new
wild pogrom which is available in 10k
eggs we call a wild first stage
evolution vocal which takes 100 candies
to evolve we also have a 10k egg in this
video and finally we call it another
wild boom which is available in take a
eggs boys the catches in this video are
insane now as I'm sure you guys know
there is currently a giveaway running
over on my Twitter for 15 pounds iTunes
Google Play voucher but if you leave a
like on this video and if this video
gets the 10 pounds arrives then as soon
as our giveaway ends I will do another
one straight away back to my giveaways
if you get to 10,000 lies on this video
and another thing I'm gonna talk to you
guys about in this video is Pokemon go
challenges now while in a way what
actually done is I've created a list and
this list is filled with a bunch of
awesome challenges now the idea is we're
going to get our own holiday having
completed none of these challenges and
then by the end of the holiday we're
going to see how many of these
challenges we've complete now what I'll
do right now for the challenge screen on
the screen right now as you can see
we've got a bunch of awesome ones get a
Bulbasaur this can be hatching it this
can be catching it I still don't have a
Bulbasaur yet so I thought I'd put that
down because we really do need a
Bulbasaur
then also reach level 25 I'm currently
about half white level 23 so I thought
25 is a realistic goal they have got get
to pick one to 2,000 plus CP now I
currently have a snow onto about 1900 so
if I can get to a 2000 fee then
we'll have to see
and then also
get more can get wheezing now look I'm
wheezing are two of my favorite Pokemon
and another challenge I've set myself is
get an arc now now organize a program
which I absolutely love obviously if you
guys saw the last episode we missed out
on an arc nine so I honestly really want
one of these and hopefully we can get
one right on holiday
and then we also have fully evolved a
star phone call now this can be both
assault in Vienna so this can be
Charmander to Charizard all this
probably most likely since I have the
most candies squirtle to Blastoise and
the final challenge I've set myself is
take over five gyms now this one could
be tricky because this is a whole new
place I do not know what hopefully gonna
be down there we could have some insane
vote one down there in these gyms so
it's gonna be reasonably tricky but
still I'm gonna try my best to take over
five gyms and complete that challenge so
there you go guys there'll be nine
challenges I've set myself for my whole
day now basically every time a complete
one isn't gonna be taking the box then
we're going to proceed and fold I'm
gonna try and complete them all it's
fairly unlikely because some of them
like falling all the star pokemon are
pretty hard challenges but it's also
something easy once it does range I'd
say a gap all the saw is quite an easy
one but still you never know this is a
complete living country so who knows
what the Pokemon are gonna be like but
now I'm gonna do is show you guys some
of the catches that I got today and
trust me you're not gonna be
disappointed now the first poke one day
I would class as the best and as you can
see was a wild cypher this was the only
brand new book or muscle reason why plus
as the bet I do not have a cypher I miss
out on one not only in an episode if you
have since Bank but here we have one and
finally found a cypher and yes we did
catch in asking see I missed a few ultra
balls but I believe there we go nicely
hit and I believe I actually caught it
first time I mean first time I'm
actually going into the ball obviously
it wasn't the first row but there we go
what cybercorps and I was really really
happy about that just because it was 600
XP as you guys know a new pokemon their
main goal is to fill out the coconut so
every time you get a new Pokemon it's
quite a big deal but there you go the CP
was an incredible fair enough boy he
says the fact there was a new program
which kind of made this such an awesome
catch now the second one here was quite
a weird one I'm not gonna lie wasn't the
best it was a 10k egg we could have got
some insane Pokemon just just look here
we got guys in jinxed I mean
ah jinx honestly I wasn't very happy it
was in nine five seven so it was my best
jinx but who wants a nine five seven
jinx Harvard Albert nka well the
disappointment did not last for long
with the clip I'm about to show you is
me
catching a gengar now a gang guys such a
rapper but I've never seen a gang go in
the wild nicely to serve all the game
dogs Mahone's in my last episode and
then as soon as we do that we go are we
finally won
some of there you go guys as you saw
wildgame gone not too bad I mean the CP
wasn't amazing but actually had a better
move set than my Lola Ganga which was
quite interesting angle until the
wholesome country no the super rare cat
but honestly I was over the moon to
catch that Ganga and leave final clip
there this is an arid Anjali wild very
ductile I've never seen a wild oh
adapter when we had one today I actually
have an air adapter with your hatch from
a 10k egg but seeing the foam on your
hatch from eggs actually in the wild is
kind of a completely different feelings
I'm gonna show you the clip now old
Aerodactyl I know you'll enjoy
now what I'm gonna do right now is plug
in my phone and show you guys my team
for the final time before of course we
go and hold it because as soon as we got
holidays it's gonna be fun go videos now
I'm not gonna say daily but it will
probably be all Pokemon go videos at
least good see both moon videos which I
have planned for my holiday will be more
vlog star because obviously I'm with my
dad on holiday so I'm gonna be moving
around doing different things I'm just
gonna be playing with one of a colorful
one as we do that so these videos are
just going to be like Pokemon go Pokemon
this Pokemon that there will be more
kind of blog style videos and I really
really hope you guys will check them out
oh yeah this is my quarantine as you see
we've got a 1978 Snorlax 1687 what +15
pi3 Vaporeon one five three five
executor then we've got one three seven
six tens of cool we've got a 1 3 to 6 kg
hop then we've got another snowless
ghost army
we got Poliwrath we've got slow boo
Aerodactyl hit no gengar cking ride on
gold my gold cloister pincer polygon
jinx arbok Gengar then here you see my
coughing I believe this is quite a high
coffin and we have 39 candy out of 50 so
we're actually really really close to
thee wheezing and then our best growl
laugh is currently 663 and we're 26 out
of 50 candy so we're about halfway there
now we're currently at 259 Maj got candy
our 400 so what we actually get in there
not the way I see we're going to send in
a lot of time around the beach so I
assume we'll begin a lot magical don't
blue and go Gyarados by the end of the
holiday now I'm going to do with
something fairly exciting I'm gonna pop
a looking on the game right now and then
I'm gonna do a few evolutions how best
to go is 240 we are bundled 50 candy hit
the tree row is never gonna be a problem
which is like in my top six so I'm not
massively
bothered about the CP obviously I'd like
it to be like 700 plus there we go brand
new phones one registered to the Pokedex
and we've got ourselves 644 CP again
it's not very good is it but still do
cheer we got brand new Pokemon I'm happy
about that
now here we are at my Evie's eyes can
see we have a 473 Evie and we also have
46 Evie candy now why I've decided to do
is make a Clarion I'm gonna use all of
my Styles to get the heist Evie that
icon and then we've just got to pray the
week
make a good flag on it it can get in the
top six and now the final powerup I
believe will take it to a 562 Evy anyway
guys here it is our 562 pyro we're going
to help we're just gonna literally hope
this turns into a of flareon this turns
into a Vaporeon then this was a whole
pointless we like do it on need another
water pokemon please thank God okay
we've got the Flareon why is the CP
gonna be out I need something I hit
something I please Oh 100 not 101 good
1,400 i-90 guys nice incredible I
actually face it as our fifth best owed
money brand-new fire-type it did not go
picture unfortunately but I would much
rather have a fire-type than a flying
normal time I'm honestly over the moon
about that guys that have been such a
successful evolution so the evolutions
in this video I've been very successful
but guess what we're not done yet we
have another pokemon ready to evolve and
this is a sign or none this is a
freakishly high sea beasts Idol I've
already got a gold of what this will
surpass the CP of the corn golden by a
mile this thing could be around 1400
there should be a bookworm bounce and
beyond remembering for about 1400 1310
actually this thing doesn't make into
the top six but it does make into the
top nine the gold aware before that was
1049 and we've just gone for a massive
upgrade got 1310 so there we go guys
that is the end of this episode I'm
walking back it's been a pretty bad one
we caught four and you also put Noemi
coffee foam come on hash the fall phone
which was a James Bailey average for
yeah we also build more caches and then
of course you can't forget that we
finally got a fire-type into our top six
Pokemon Flareon really really high CV
fire and I'm really really happy to have
that in our top six and then also what
I'll do is I'll put the holiday goals on
the screen right now as you can see nine
different goals some of them harder some
of them easier but hopefully we can
complete at least five of them both eyes
before this video so as I said 10,000
lights and I'll do another giveaway soon
as the coin giveaway ends so this time
tomorrow I will either be in Spain or
towards the end of my flight to Spain
because I'm leaving my
house that's about 10:00 a.m. I believe
and then we're going to Manchester
Airport at Manchester Airport we're
going to catch the fly to one Zarate I
believe the flight is I about I think
it's about 2 p.m. I'm just going up like
one cameraman I'm not 100% sure but
tomorrow is when all this stuff will be
happening and then the day after dies
when you will see the vlog but I really
hope you're all excited for the content
I'm going to producing when I'm on all
day I'm gonna try really really hard to
be do some insane content for you guys
and I really really hope you're all
excited but otherwise I've been formed
you guys been awesome and I'll see you
in the next video peace
