if you're looking for some cheap
unreliable Pokemon go accounts coins
Stardust and more then click the link in
the description and use code mods at
checkout welcome everyone to another
episode of Pokemon go and today's
episode is gonna be a strange one I
recorded part a a Pokemon go yesterday I
was talking about a topic and I also did
a few evolution to those evolutions
being haunted to Gengar and also star
you to star me or wisely happen is my
hard drive actually corrupted and now
it's just about broken like you can't
really access it but yeah we've got
ourselves a gengar
on you Pokemon and we also guy brand new
upgraded star me but basically what
we'll do right now is put a screenshot
of my team on the screen right now as
you can see looking fairly good if I may
see myself also guys I just bought a
brand new charge pack this one is a lot
better than the old one because this one
can charge twice as many times and we
also got a brand-new backpack both of
these I'll be using when I'm on holiday
two new things which should help with
Pokemon go but what I'm gonna do right
now is finish game ready then we're
gonna head out in the car hopefully
catch something I mean we've already got
a gang going this episode but we
definitely don't want leaving that we
want to catch them cool Pokemon so see
you guys in a minute
better car for a while and I'm not gonna
lie we haven't found much okay so we
found a CP 100 Magnum I obviously wanna
go to a magnet on so we're going to
catch this thing we're in the car so
we've probably only got one choice drink
actually so we're going to use a
raspberry and a great bowl if it escapes
and it's probably is going to run one oh
it escaped and oh it hasn't run okay
that's good
okay we got it we got it come on one two
three there we go first catch up today's
episode obviously we've got the Gengar
which I told you guys about right to
start now we've got Magda my it's only a
CP 100 but we've now got 24 Sandi and we
need 50 so we can speed number closer
the magnet on about halfway there right
let me just update you guys on what
we're actually doing today because I
haven't actually told you about wiring
the car don't worry we're not literally
just driving around to catch pokemon
what i'm doing today is going to the
wednesday game the first game of season
razzle here now kickoff is in exactly
one hour I thought I'd try and catch
some Pokemon on the way boys been barely
bad guys we haven't found anything but
after the game I'll be doing is I'll be
driving through Sheffield city centre
and I'll also be going somewhere for tea
so we should catch some awesome Pokemon
there we're going to try and go
somewhere where there's a pokey stops I
can pull or down so hopeful get
something like that oh yeah what you to
do now they're gonna get watch the games
I make a song punch of it if we win I
probably include some clips if we lose
we'll will speak Wyatt will pretend that
we didn't anyway guys gonna go watch the
game hasn't been the best Pokemon but I
hope you guys enjoy the video
just got back from the match guys
Saqqara is absolutely boiling oh my god
so in the car back now and I don't want
to turn this into a pot boil video but
we did win one Nilla was such a good
game I'm gonna show you guys the poker
we got fares because as I was walking to
one from the game we got some decent
Pokemon the first thing that we got was
a Pikachu I'll show you the clip right
now
so as you saw we got few - not too bad
validates before we got before the game
then we watch the game and then after
the game this happened I had the Pikachu
on my screen and then my phone died we
got one beat you missed out on the
second by the way now what we are doing
is we are going to Sheffield city centre
and we're gonna get some food we're
gonna try and go somewhere which has a
focus top in the rain so we can put a
law down and hopefully get some good
program while having tea and also on the
way I'm just charging my phone with my
charger and it's just come back on told
that you guys do forget anything else
so with hardtop winshuttle now we're
just walking to the city centre then
obviously we're gonna find a restaurant
also saw loss subscribes to the whens
again I saw about five I think so it was
a really cool day about a really good
time hopefully we find somewhere now
empty I think we're going in Italian
which shall be quite good but yeah I'll
keep you guys updated just notice this
right look at all them laws all of them
in a massive line that looks insane if
we can get anywhere near that then that
should be pretty awesome twelve wars
guys all in the radius ties incredible
ok so we've got a guys I think this is a
5k I could be at UK I don't think it's
10 K this is my K we got side oak oh we
gonna form oh yeah another five Gabriel
heavy
we found somewhere to go and walk all
the walls down here
I'll way back for much the restaurant
and then you just do see the goalscorer
the match went over much we've just seen
like I would have gone open got some
pictures boys just Naga laughing
especially not when they're at lighting
a restaurant they lolly was celebrating
something like they were still clapping
and stuff I won't go that's just love it
too rude but yeah so Rubens voice
Thierry and then we saw updating you
Simon cave and halfway through and then
knew you it was pretty crazy
just mad like I've just been to the game
boys Gerry scored the winner to get the
three points then we go a restaurant and
just walked in just walks in and the
funny thing was though is to vilify and
set house and then income supposed to
Harry the guys have just scored and beat
the team Persian billion anyway I've
really been focusing on post one too
much I was kind of focusing on that
abort I didn't catch two around in that
modern light wasn't amazing anyway we're
headed back in the car now I'm reading a
few egg hatches which obviously you guys
saw was nothing amazing this episode
except the Pikachu earlier on which was
pretty good I'll take the picture and
the wind crazy
well not gonna lie that was probably one
of the worst car journeys ever got
nothing anyway back home now let's go
inside and take a look at everything we
got today
right so I've just arrived home and I
look on the nearby and there's an arc
and I'm now in that field there the
grass just rustled so there's a there if
there's a 50-50 chance faced in that
field guys dark outside eleven o'clock
when I'm going to get it guys look at
this guy's nothing Arcanine I believe
that slightly third best Pokemon in the
game
so where were these two day yoke of a
flashlight do you guys subscribe to tell
me that's awesome I please go catch this
cheers guys oh my god electric I can see
I'm just running out I was running
around the field oh and I've got to get
this how do they can find yeah it's gone
hahahaha
no oh I'm have to go on guys I just
can't believe man we missed out on that
and I was like certain when you wrote
one because there was two pokemon nearby
one of them was arcanine and the other
one was spawned on my room and then
behind my road there was a grass like
pile and i thought that moving indicated
it was gonna be the Arcanine apparently
not guys anyway let's go back that close
to getting it and we've got food anyway
we're gonna go
now I'm going to take a look at
everything we got today and then taught
you guys about the main thing this video
is the main thing that's in the title
I'm going to talk to you about
evolutions from generation to generation
- right so I am finally back home today
has been a long one
and it's been a pretty stressful one -
obviously we just missed out on the
arcanine I don't want to talk about that
I just want to forget that ever happened
but yeah basically what I'm gonna do
right now is talk to you about what
happened today walked on today I'm going
to show you all the program we've got
today and then I'm gonna talk to you
about Pokemon with cross-generational
evolutions but we'll get into that a
little bit later so originally the plan
today was to get in the car go visiting
my relatives and then watch the
Wednesday game then come back home but
what we ended up doing was getting the
car going visiting go into the Wednesday
game and then go into a restaurant where
we would then bump into some Wednesday
plays as you guys saw earlier on I
didn't want to go and bother them
because they were eating and they just
didn't feel right but yeah that's what
I've done today and it's been a pretty
weird day it's been a pretty mad Dave
you think about oh yeah as well as doing
all of that we have also caught and
hatched some pretty awesome pokken which
I will show you now so if I switch it
from CP to recent basically I'm gonna
scroll down to where the day started and
I'm gonna show you everything we did
today starting from when we left the
house so we started today with Eevee as
our most recent Pokemon and then - also
today that means we've caught four
hundred and three horsey we've caused
622 Poliwhirl a couple of Magnum ice one
being a three hundred and seventy eight
also got three oh seven polyworld 178
Monkey God jinx 211 401 Geodude we've
also got few drowsies we've got two
seals and a Magikarp if I now go to my
highest CP / corn we have added a few
including this gang gone I did this
off-camera I even wasn't supposed to be
off cavalry I filmed me getting this but
my hard drive actually broke so I don't
if I'll have the footage but yeah we got
ourselves a one one five one gang guard
and we also got ourselves a one two
seven eight star me yeah don't if you
guys remember but we did actually catch
yourself at 379 Pikachu and one Pikachu
actually ran away I can't believe that
but yeah we got Pikachu which again
wasn't too bad but yeah that's about
everything we got today the main thing I
want to talk to you about in this video
is oh c'mon in generation 1 which got an
evolved form added in generation 2 now
generation 2 will be added to the game 9
to have said that generation 2 will be
added and now obviously be the next
generation which is added because it's
currently just generation 1 in the game
and this could come literally whenever
no one really knows when they are going
to introduce generation to you by
thought
tell you about this now to the you guys
can be prepared and so that you guys can
start saving up your candy ready for the
next evolved forms of program which will
be added in generation 2 so the first
pokemon which gets two new evolved forms
added in generation 2 is Evie now I'm
sure you're aware for Vaporeon Jolteon
and of course am Larry on Yap in
generation 2 they added Umbreon on SB on
now I assume the way you'll choose
whether you get on brown or SB on is if
you evolve but now you're getting beyond
or in the day you'll get SB on now these
will most likely be 25 candies to
evolved so I'm just gonna say if you've
already got a Vaporeon a flareon and a
Jolteon it may be a good idea to start
saving up your candies actually get
prepared for these of old phones
now the next pokemon which gets in a
volt form added in generation 2 is Zubat
/ goal by now obviously zoo bubbles into
goal but currently but in generation 2
the added crobat which isn't absolutely
insane pokemon now most likely crow buck
will take 100 candies to be evolved from
a goal bar and do bats are fairly common
though instead of making tons of gold
that's trying to get really high 1 it
may be good idea to keep 100 candies to
the side so that you guys can't be
prepared for the crow but once it is
added another Pokemon is bellossom I'm
not sure how they'll actually introduce
the loss or maybe if you evolve during a
certain time you'll get blossom by a
different time you'll get valve room I'm
not really sure to save on your oddish
candies guys because it will most likely
take 100 candies to get this Bell
awesome and it's gonna be a very very
hard Pokemon to get another Pokemon is
Kingdra which evolves from a Sidra now
CJ evolves from Abe I'm such an idiot
I forgot seiga evolved from a horsey now
horsies again a fairly common where I
come from obviously it's not the same
for everyone but currently is just Sidra
and horsing the game once generation 2
it's there will be king - introduced and
I'm not saying don't evolve your horse
if you don't have a seizure then you get
that seizure cuz it's a new pokemon or
in this case it may be good idea just to
save up your candies and basically just
get prepared for these new Pokemon
now another Pokemon is politoed which
comes from a poly world now currently
got Poliwhirl which turns into Poliwrath
so how they'll introduce politoed again
i'm not really sure but again it will
most likely be 100 candies so I'm just
saying save what we poly white candies
now what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna leave
it cuz I've obviously got poliwag
Poliwhirl and polygraph now what I'll do
is I'll just save my candies so when
generation 2 is introduced I'll be ready
for this politoed then another one added
is slow king now you may think it goes
slow pokes low groan and slow king that
would make sense but actually doesn't it
go slow poke and then your just choose
in the game
you evolve into Slowbro or Slowking so
the way they'll do this I assume will be
the same candy mouse logo so 50 candies
how are you - slow king to sell slow bro
again I'm not sure it will most likely
be 50 candies so get saving up your
slowpoke candies J near to the end now
this is one of my favourite Pokemon and
it is steelix now I'm sure you guys all
know steelix I'm sure you can probably
guess just by the name positive awesome
it does evolved from an honest now onyx
is a fairly rare I think they're quite
rare only ever caught - and evolving an
onyx - a steelix will either be 25
candies or 50 candies but again honest
candies are gonna be very very hard so
I'd advise you guys not to pareo tree
onix's and then you have sizzle which a
vulture on my cypher now I do not even
have a cypher bull stuff so I need to
get my cypher before we can even focus
on preparing for this is all for anyway
if you have a scythe if you have a LOF
Cypress and it may be good idea to just
not power them or keep the candies
building so that you can be ready for
the sizzle when it hit again it's either
gonna be 25 candy or 50 candy another
one is porygon - which i've also made
porygon now porygon is considered one of
the rare pokemon in the game I've heard
from people I don't admit like
statistically I've heard from a lot of
people the pogon is very hard to find I
found - and yeah porygon gets porygon
- oddity generation - so yeah again 25
candies or 50 candy so just get ready
for that ISIL made a big mistake and
powered up my polygon as soon as the
game came out coz actually hatched it
from an egg that was a bad move by me
but learned from my mistakes of won't be
doing that anymore because I'm ready for
the polygon - which will be added soon
and the final Pokemon is Blissey now
Blissey evolved from a chancy now
chancy's currently a pretty rare pokemon
in my opinion I don't have a chance yet
so again I should probably focus on
getting the chance e4 for focus on
preparing for the police see but anyway
again probably gonna be 25 or 50 candy I
believe when this thing is added it will
have the highest HP in the entire game
even more than Snorlax well I just
thought I'd let you all know obviously
I'm not saying don't evolve these
Pokemon I say for example is poliwag
Poliwhirl and poly round if you don't
have a poly rough it's probably best as
getting that Poliwrath before you
prepare for the politoed but if you
already have Olly rally weren't poliwag
like me what I'm going to do is instead
of power in any of these off instead of
evolving in mom it's gonna keep the
candy and get ready for the politoed and
that's what advise you guys to do and
that's what advise you to do so it can
be a step ahead of everyone as soon as
generation 2 hits because it could be
any time but I really hope you've
enjoyed this pokemon game stone honestly
it's been a mud one I am so on I'm very
sweaty guys Naga like cuz my room is
absolutely boiling outside his boilers
been a very hot day it has been
very good day if you've enjoyed this
episode then please leave a like on the
video that I mean the world to me if we
could get 10,000 likes I'd be insane
sorry the daily streak ended guys as I
said my portable hard drive broke so it
wasn't really my fault but I hope you
guys are all excited for the Pokemon
girl holiday videos which will be coming
soon and as always I've been logged you
guys been awesome and I'll see you in
the next video peace out
