so today we have something that I've
never really done on my channel before
few days ago I was sat in this chair and
I wanted to record a video
I really couldn't think of anything to
upload and then had an idea what if I
uploaded a skip video about not knowing
what to upload yeah that's basically
what today's video is I tried to make it
funny but at the same time relatable to
youtubers to be honest I was really
really happy with how it came out this
is the first time I've ever done
anything like this on my channel so if
you could leave a light that would
honestly mean a lot to me but I think
it's time that we start the video and I
really really hope you all enjoy my
daily streak is actually on point no I'm
not gonna lose this we need to upload
hmm glued and oh I've got it I could I'm
I'm out of ideas
how's the day finally come do it do it
do it should I just she'll just NAB
someone wait why don't I just tweet out
I don't know what to sort of skip beef
with my mum nips lift it Scott I need
some real ideas Pokemon go oh you know
what why don't I upload Pokemon Oh what
oh to be fair I've uploaded about 25
Pocoyo videos in the space of one week
so I should probably not do another
Pocoyo video do a skit of you acting
like butta how would I even do that as a
video do a video of your parents hmm mom
real-life 40 yeah but I'm like the worst
football player in the world I can't
upload that
oh that's new you need to ask people
what they think or maybe I could do and
eyebrow tutorial oh my god that'd be so
cool I don't I don't have any eyebrows
okay let's ask Ryan hey man I need video
ideas you got any sound you know what
let's ask Ben - to be fair wizard could
probably help there were girls another
one oh yeah we should probably ask Adele
now we wait
Oh Ryan Ryan replied come on Ryan come
on Ryan please give me an idea
fuck off you fat bastard what have I
told you about messaging me I'm never
gonna think of an idea
Oh vampire strip fever with your boy
boyfriend you're supposed to keep our
secret my mother fuck oh god okay Wiz's
replied hopefully this is a better idea
no one likes you we want Bruno back
hashtag buy marks hash tag team Bruno
look at these ideas my gosh what a video
idea
oh how about my old private videos and
then maybe we can get some inspiration
from them okay my channel videos oh how
about we do a minecraft GTA video yeah
way that I would yeah oh good the cloud
you want the first time oh how about we
go to a waterpark and film a vlog
hello games HD today yeah of case
scrubber ideas scrapped the idea why
can't I think of anything I don't think
of any video ideas oh yes
finally Adil message me back it's
someone forcing you to say this blink
twice if you're in danger and then snip
your shoulder enjoy cut on your forehead
oh I think you might have meant to send
up to marina oh god we have to get the
idea I can't think of anything to be
fair we could always your reaction video
yeah I fucking joke ah what the fuck has
happened yeah fuck too bad we're
recording them on that I made such a
funny clip for a video well
is that but that's on Oh but as always
I've been morgue you guys been awesome
and I'll see you in the next video peace
out just dip the stick both Oh guys that
fucking joke was 100% that was no part
of the plan
see ya
