be first try I got it first try no way
damn I'm so happy I've got this thing
man so the support has dropped a lot on
these powerful no video since I started
making them and I would really really
like to continue making them but I'm not
sure if you guys actually want to see
them am really really unsure if you guys
are actually enjoying the videos or not
so if you are enjoying them remember to
leave a like down below and I really
really hope you enjoy this video so
today we have another episode of Pokemon
go and today we have episode 4 now this
episode is going to contain a lot on the
main thing this episode will contain is
progress now since episode 3 a lot has
happened and I mean a lot honestly guys
our team has improved an incredible
amount we have done so much off-camera
now when I say off-camera originally it
wasn't actually supposed to be
off-camera but I have been doing for the
past week is going out to different
places playing Pokemon and obviously
getting better at it but I was doing was
using an app on my phone to capture some
of the best moments asically when
something important was going to happen
I would then record it record my iphone
screen from I was planning to do was a
big episode where I would basically say
here and commentate over everything
that's happened and taught you guys
through it but why actually found out
happened today these the app is not
working long story short I can't get on
the app I can't look at the videos I
can't get the videos so what I'm
actually gonna have to do is show you
guys what we have done off-camera show
you guys my team show you guys the
Pokemon with core and basically just
talk you through how we got them and
what happened okay so what I'm gonna do
right now is show you guys my team but
what I'm gonna do is start it slow and
then build it up guys get ready for this
we have a free free a joke duo which is
quite cool a free five free clefable
which is not too bad then as you guys
saw at the end of last episode we did
catch this a man you tie I think I saw
you say I still haven't learned I say
that name yeah that's a free six a again
that's not too bad and we look at these
guys we've got a ball six six onyx this
thing is amazing four six six onyx and
onyx is one of my favorite Pokemon sorry
really happy to have this then here we
have a 482 Poliwhirl we've got a 670
Paris x7 3/8 hip Mancha a 7-5 free Sidra
which I actually got today earlier on
today we also have a 7:35 venomoth which
is a pretty decent pokemon then we got
an 8 to 2 Machoke then there we go
that's the flareon which was our second
best pokemon at the end of last episode
and get ready for this guys you are
gonna see a lot of brand new pokemon
we've got a 9 5 7 of rock which is an
absolute beast
again this is one I actually evolved
today we've got a 9 7 6 seeking you've
got a 1012 Tingler a 1037 Pidgeot a 1043
Cloyster then we've got 104 nine gold
oak one one one free ride on oh my god
honestly I'm so chuffed to have this is
again one of my favourite Pokemon and
then a 1 1 a 3 star me a 1 1 9 7 hypno
this isn't even the same hypno as the
last episode I evolved another one and
it was highest so I just transferred the
last one boy here one more 97 hip now I
find so many drowsies where I live guys
it's so easy to get these Hypno's and
then here we have a Vaporeon now this is
1 4 5 7 and let me tell you the story of
how I got this thing so you guys may
remember in the last episode I said we
had a 10 K egg and it was on about 4 out
of 10 and basically I hatched that 10k
egg and got another Eevee right and I
was thinking again at the time I can't
believe I'm going Eevee but why I
actually did was I looked at the candy
and we had way more than we needed to
evolve so when strange of the evolution
got this Vaporeon and honestly it turned
out to not be too bad in the end because
a 1 4 5 7 Vaporeon that is crazy and
then here we have a 1 6 8 7 lock press
now again this was from a 10k egg this
is from my fourth 10k egg what I got
from my third 10k egg is my best Pokemon
now this was a fourth one I got this not
too long ago and I really really do like
it
but now it is time for the big one and
when I say big one I literally mean the
big one this is my favorite Pokemon
ever I am being serious my favorite
Pokemon and I managed to get it in my
third tank a egg a lot of you guys will
know what's coming a lot of you won't
and I am so shocked I finally got one
guys bang there we go
it is my 1934 Snorlax so this thing is
currently owning a gym obviously very
easy to take other gyms with it almost
2,000 Pokemon but yeah I have so much
fun with this thing in battle it's an
absolute tank it could just run through
gems and honestly this is so so awesome
I love having this thing so there you go
guys my six high spec one currently is a
snore like slap press Vaporeon Hypnose
star me and ride on but once again guys
I am very very sorry that I didn't have
the actual footage of me catching and
hatching all those Pokemon but you guys
have seen the team you guys know what
we've got now and basically right now
what we're going to do is head into
Sheffield town yep Sheffield town once
again and hopefully get some new Pokemon
obviously it's getting very very hard to
get new Pokemon now that we've completed
a lot of the Pokedex book today we're
gonna go on a big adventure gonna travel
around Sheffield and hopefully we can
catch some epic new Pokemon so one thing
that I haven't mentioned is my level now
my level is actually 21 and hopefully by
the end of this episode we can get to 22
but it's very unlikely but I think it's
time that we left my room and went out
into Sheffield town so I hope you guys
are all excited if we smash 10k likes
once again that'll be crazy that I'll be
amazing but I think it's time that we go
so I'll see you guys soon and I hope you
enjoy the video
we found a world shoe someone grab it we
can sell it
come on jinx oh no two three we got it
I got jinx I got jeans guys guys I got
my jeans my first cheeks look at that
third try guys first time it ran away
second time it ran away there we go
I finally got one so we've arrived in
Sheffield town we've already caught a
jinx so it's been a good start to the
video guys we've got an absolute ton of
eggs in incubators we should be able to
hatch a lot of these today
so we've already found a 314 jinx a
brand new Pokemon so that's a good start
to the video boys we found an eleven
squirt of ice brilliant it should be an
easy catch and that means we can
transfer it I think I can actually
evolve if we touch this thing one two
three there we go easy as you like so
now yeah there we go we got 26 squirtle
candy and we only need 25 so now I'll
get my hi squirtle and will evolve that
into a Wartortle so hi squirtle is 490
so we're going to go ahead and evolve
that one into the second evolution the
first time I've ever got a water turtle
cuz actually miss one not long ago they
ran away bang that looks really really
cool come on what is gonna be the CP I'm
hoping for about 700 that'd be awesome
registered to the Pokedex brand new
Pokemon once again double XP and the CP
is 779 eyes not too bad
so yeah Sheffield town once again is
quite busy we're just saying Starbucks
right now I'm having a cool lime
refresher and waiting for Pokemon to
load because it literally went well is
everyone on okay well on and as you can
see there's literally poke stops
everywhere
a lost Sheffield town because just just
look at all them guys look at all them
stop but we've been in Sheffield for
about thirty minutes and already I've
got a brand new jinx and evolved a
brand-new water total well unfortunately
guys we need 100 candies to get this to
a Blastoise and we only have two so
we've got a long way to go okay guys
look at what we found we found a
freaking Poliwrath I have not got this
thing this could be massive come on
oh my god 1232 this is one of my best
Pokemon we need this thing I've got one
altar ball I've only got one oh my god I
need to hit this it's still red come on
oh no I made some soup bad okay come on
come on come on come on one two
what oh it's broke freeze gonna put any
minute okay what I'm not gonna get it
okay nice come on one
oh it just will not be will not going I
don't know why else I can do it
okay pick up it again again again we
actually 1200 polygons oh my god thank
God for that
look at that boys I have just found 1200
hologram dad man that was hard we have
74 candy so when we're going to evolve
one of these anyway but 1232 Poliwrath
brand new fine I'm so high for that
looking like guys brand new Fall Fest
Pokemon that looks absolutely mad okay
now what we're doing his head into
MacDonnell's to get some food but
honestly I was so happy we just got a
brand new poll around the piggies are
overrun in Sheffield there's absolutely
night now we need to get rid of them so
you're we sign the middle of McDonald's
now guys if I show you my phone work
right on top of a law so to say and
hopefully something good comes towards a
few moments later
look what's country's guys just as I
said hope something good comes to as a
1121 hip now I'm gonna try and catch
this thing come on guys 1000 hitting
their one so it's out straight away
that's not very good
one two all right
broke out on to
okay there we go there we go there we go
third time lucky one
Australia way guys this is gonna run any
minute bet you okay there we go we hit
it for the fourth time surely fourth
times sure this is it oh my god it's
broke out again fifth time guys big time
with pizza one two three there we go
guys 1121 hypno so the hypno did make
into the starting six that one is still
better than red but it's an awesome cut
and really have to have that thing
okay I've just heard it's a message from
a reliable source there is a small
actually not far away a frickin slow
light so we are now walking to where my
soldiers told me it is so hopefully we
can find it 1294 no lights guys
looks like my source was right it's
actually here ok we need to catch this
thing I'm not joking we need this thing
come on come on come on bang oh we
missed what terrible start okay nice
nice Oh she'll be it come on please one
two just like in the wild
first freakin try guys oh my God look at
that we've got to breaking snow like
this guys oh my god look at guys we've
got another snow ice guys first try
caught in the wild ain't fooling guys
are so chilled we just caught while snow
we've had a Poliwrath we've got a water
top we've got a jinx to this videos been
mad though my friends with CB 42 guys of
 CP 42 snow likes how'd you feel
amazed you're all jealous of me
chef your town is lit geysers laws
everywhere this is just mud boys 466
squirtle this TV just keep getting
better and better guys 1 2 3 there we go
right squirrel 466 a step closer to a
Blastoise admittedly we've got a long
way to go but everything helps okay guys
so we're leaving Sheffield town now and
we're gonna catch a train to Meadowhall
we're gonna watch some Pokemon thanks
look some folk oh we're going to go in
some shops I'm never gonna see a film
but yeah let's go cheeky little egg boys
I'm not sure which one this is it could
be five K could be - okay well we got
all back the mine that's not too bad can
we evolve though I think we can close
maybe not we've got 13 and we need 50
guys there's no other eggs guys I've
been seen with our four point four or
five which could be hatching soon and
another four point five five so we've
almost got few more already we just
arrived in metal guys gonna hopefully
catch them the Pokemon
hey hey hey okay gay gay gay gay oh
that's that's not too bad
opera it can evolve oh sure can evolve
318 abre guys we may as well just go
straight ahead and evolve this I believe
it goes into a Cadabra
there we go boys Cadabra let's quickly
check the CP of this thing 613 okay so
as you guys can tell we are finally back
home it is currently 20 to 10 and I have
been out since 11 days mad that is
literally mad so basically to run you
through what I've done today I went into
Sheffield town with my friends and then
when I was there we looked in some shops
they got some new shoes and of course
caught some Pokemon and then what we did
was went to meadow Hall and when we were
in there we looked in some shops again
got some food and then we went to see a
film which lasted really really late but
then we missed the train so we had to
get a later train which caused us to be
back late so that's basically one of
them today it's been a really really fun
day out but the main thing you guys are
interested in is the Pokemon so I'm
gonna talk you through what we got today
honestly we have caught unhatched some
insane things in this video let me show
you okay so if I go to Risa and I'll
take you through what we've got today so
we've got a ghastly a Cadabra which is
quite cool which we evolved and then of
the main thing we caught today was a
1294 freaking Snorlax basically we saw
this thing and everybody was there
there's a massive crowd of people all
catching this thing and honestly it was
crazy I cannot believe we got another
Snorlax and then as well as that we got
a freaking pulley wrap a 1232 Poliwrath
again another insane insane fine guys
that is such an awesome pokemon and then
we cried 1121 hypno as well another
awesome fine and then we got a brand new
314 jinx which is a Pokemon that I have
found twice now it three times and only
managed to catch it once so I'm really
really happy to have finally have this
thing and then as well as that we
evolved a squirtle into a Wartortle our
first Wartortle listing is 7 7 9 s DP so
when we finally he can't have candy to
evolve this into a Blastoise the CPS
be very very hard and then as I said we
evolved a Kadabra which is also pretty
cool another brand new Pokemon and I
cannot wait to evolve this thing again
into its final form before we need a
hundred candy and we've currently got
free so we've got a long way to go but
guys that is about it for this video I
honestly how crazy has it been we've had
so many good Pokemon we had free in this
video over 1000 that we actually went
out and caught that is insane not to
mention guys all the program which I've
dated you guys that I got off camera in
this video there's been two snow lux's
how amazing is that but I really really
hope you enjoyed this Pokemon
Guidestones honestly the progress in
this episode from the last episode is
incredible but be really really awesome
if we could get 10 likes on this video
that showed me that you guys are still
enjoying these pokemon go episodes I
really really hope you are and as I said
at the end of last episode if you guys
are enjoying watching these videos there
now happy to continue producing them for
you guys both eyes right so I really
enjoyed the video if you got any
questions or feedback and leave them in
the conversation below and remember to
smash like on the video but as always
I've been bored you guys awesome and
I'll see you in the next video peace
