okay guys I am being 100% serious this
is literally the biggest amount of mail
I have ever seen in one place at one
time I think so I think it's the biggest
amount anyway this is by far the biggest
pure box opening I have ever filmed let
me just show you the amount of mail
we've got guys oh my god got my states -
oh my god I way too heavy look at this
this box is literally full to the top of
mail look at the size of this thing
I'm going to put this thing down guys I
do not know if I'm gonna get all this
done in this video but I'll try my best
cheese
yo guys its marked and today we have
another peel box opening and if I'm
right I believe this is the sixth
episode let me just check I'm not gonna
lie I can't really remember yeah okay
it was the sixth episode and today what
we're gonna be doing is opening up a ton
of your mail that you guys have sent to
me that you guys have sent to my PO Box
so the first thing I'll do is tell you
guys if you want to send me any mail for
the next video then the address is on
the screen right now go get yourself a
stamp and then write that address on the
front of your package and it will get to
me and also if your essential from a
website like Amazon or Ebay then that
will work - boy if you're on any more
details on how you send stuff on wise
the best things to send and there's a
paragraph in the description below which
says basically all of that Oh young guys
you remember how I said I was gonna put
more stuff on the fan mail wall
yeah eyes can see I went ahead and did
that and upgraded it a lot but I'm not
gonna waste your time anymore let's get
into the first package for this video
but let's get started oh and also I
bought a knife for these videos so yeah
that's quite cool first package here we
go as you can see pretty standard stuff
let's get this open oh this looks pretty
interesting okay so we got a letter I
think this is I made you a phone case
that sticks to global surfaces try
sticking on your mirror or window if you
don't mind please give frog case a shout
out so there we go
damn I want to look at this case
actually what is this oh there we go
well that's pretty cool as you can see
that team mugs on that but yeah we've
got team orgs on the front oh let me
take that off I hope she's got my phone
right how bad was that B if mine doesn't
fit oh yeah so she did get the six plus
one there we go t mores on
that actually feels really really good
let me actually go ahead and try putting
this on a glass surface yeah guys here
we are at the window what I'm gonna do
is I'm going to put my phone on there
and see if it sticks
oh my god there we go as you can see the
food is literally stuck to the window
let me turn it on ha ha
look that's awesome ok then look at this
why's this where is this from now this
is from Australia I've seen these
packages before so I'm really excited to
open this is all the way from Australia
man that's much no yeah we've got it
open what we going here there's
something wrapped up in here oh god it's
like a birthday present where is this a
birthday present because my birthday
stick for August so it's only like a few
weeks away anyway I've already half
opened it now I guess it's too late so
first thing with guys a bean boozled
board game Oh God and I guess I'll keep
that for another time but I may I may
actually have to try and play that
sometime man our God well so we got in
here we've got a pinky cadburys pinky I
guess that's Australian Kanaks I've
never seen that before
SiC and then we've got Rolo's which oh
my god I love Rolo's man I'm after eat
them after the video check there and
date though first and then Wales we go
in here we've got Alan's red skins again
probably Australian candy again that
seems pretty awesome oh there's a note
to and in fact there's a lot of
different things here dear mugs you are
my favorite youtuber I only just started
watching you and your content is
unbelievable look at that guy's it's
even John my car to load your face on
there that's awesome
I've only been watching you for 3 weeks
and your content is so good
oh that means a lot man let me just read
the rest of this now this guy says
please do another bean boozled video so
if you want me to do another bean
boozled video then again go and hit the
like button guys and tell me in the
comment section this is for Lucas Judd
thank you so much man oh my God look ha
ha this guy's legend ro in pencil every
single one of my uploads from the past
two months it's filling an entire page
another jarring guy so wow thank you so
much for that Lucas jeez man my desk is
already getting filled with stuff I here
we go I'm really not sure this is this
feels very hard so I'm I'm kind of
excited oh my god I think it's a phone
they say you're broken 4s I think I'll
guess I'll leave that oh Jesus
is that the forest screen is going
everywhere dude that's not good
accomplish so just sent me an iPhone
okay look at this this is a massive box
and I like boxes guys I can't wait for
this where is this from this is from I'm
not sure actually I'm not sure where
this is from I guess I just have to cut
into it okay okay okay
get this cut open here let's see what is
inside all right there we go we're in
we've gotta know got some chocolates
here what are these chocolate smashes
think I'll just smash they look quite
nice actually I have to try them and
then jeez man we've got absolute ton of
match attax in here what the hell can
you please say my name in the video I
love you very much no homo I hope we
meet sometime thank you so much Jonathan
there's something which has been shipped
directly from Amazon so yeah I think
this is the first thing we've actually
had shipped from Amazon so this is quite
exciting so this is from jnz
gaming and ER I won't I'm just gonna
open this let's see what's inside here
it feels like a gay match so thank you
much then again oh is it's a ps4 game
UFC - oh my god wait is this a new one
is this a new one my friends are always
on about a UFC game and I think it's UFC
- and I always said I was gonna buy it
but never got around to it
okay hold on let me see what this game
is ps4 UFC okay let's see what comes up
oh my god UFC - this is the brand new
one
well maybe not brand new UFC - oh my god
do you guys want to see me play this
game and do some videos on this game
tell me in the comment section below
and obviously smash alike if you do but
man that is crazy okay another box this
is from New Zealand as well so this is
from ages away um more games in here
things is Xbox 360 games hold on let me
let me check I look like guys Xbox 360
game
and he also sent these little bracelet
things let me wear go for them on both
wrists hello my name is Nelson I'm from
New Zealand I'm nine years old I've been
watching your channel for seven months
now every day after school I go on the
computer to watch your videos you are an
amazing YouTube but keep on doing videos
thanks so much for that month oh that's
really really awesome okay I do not know
what this is but this feels like there's
something fake inside here maybe like a
book or something oh there's a book
inside there I think it might be a
football book actually um Oh a
Manchester United programme Manchus now
vs. Aston Villa I mean I know it's about
money night but thanks I guess we got a
lot of packages in this video this is
from New Zealand again a thing oh my god
these packages are so well stuck
together man I could open this oh damn
another small part of food parcels I
rememba gained some of these in the last
player box video and I saucer and then
also oh and then also Lego figures
that's pretty awesome under new in here
let me read this oh this is from Connor
let me read the note oh it says I've
been his favorite youtuber since 50k
subs thanks so much Connor that really
really means a lot man alright then
let's open this oh my god we have got oh
what is in here
more candy skittles orchards orchids
what hell are these so we got skittles
which I absolutely love by the way we've
also got snow cups snow cups no cups
yeah never heard of snow caps before but
they sound quite nice that's from coal
thanks so much man another big one now
guys what's in here first thing we've
got is a this I think it's a flag nice
little flag cool then we've got
Hershey's bar which has been a little
bit in the post but you know it's I
assume it's still edible oh my god good
ah that's quite honest I don't think
this will may literally be wrapped in a
bin bag barely unique way to package it
but still I'll take a look at what's in
this haha it's a play button
congratulations mister passing
200,000 subscribers do you know I'll
actually put up on the wall and then
once you get me 100k born which I still
haven't had yet I can put that next to
it that should look quite cool very
unique as well give you that yeah this
guy's in - controller grips pretty
awesome and then
good night guys that's really cool guys
we're gonna have to stop for a drink
where geez I'm getting tired also guys
if you've you've been asking me if you
can mail me stuff and then I can sign it
and mail it back to you now I'm
perfectly happy to do that but you will
have to like provide maybe a letter in
there or a package in there which says
your address because if you just mail me
something and then just say mail it back
I'll need your address obviously and
then also another cool thing I thought
of is if you guys go ahead and buy some
of the brand new apparel and then you
could mail that to me I could sign the
apparel and then mail it back to you
guys again I'll be perfectly happy with
doing that as long as you guys provide
the package with your address on it so
that I can sign it and then send it
straight back to you guys but yeah just
like play that up we've got another
bracelet I'll put that on now we've got
three bracelets and then we've got
Domino's quite cool and then we've
gotten this thing which goes on your
finger
okay this one is quite big as you can
probably tell let's get this open and
see what we've gone here I think they
maybe could be a drawing or just a big
letter or maybe something like a poster
I don't know let's have a look we've got
two pretty impressive drawings they're a
little both really really good man look
at that those Challenger from Harvey oh
it's harves thanks so much man that
really means long they're definitely
gonna get on the wall they should help
all the gaps on there oh my god her evo
happy Cola I've never seen these things
before right these are halal they're
just like Cola balls pretty much I want
to check they're in date then if they
are I'm gonna have one of these I
couldn't find the date on them I'm after
risk it I really want one of these Cola
balls but I can't find the day 2017
right these are in date they're safe
let's try one of these oh my God all of
cola bottle so much anyway what else did
that guy send there's some more stuff in
here
Oh huh I mean doesn't fit me but it does
fit my phone oh that is awesome look at
that us a full nail collage then in the
middle it says 200,000 he's epic man
that's definitely going on the wall so
that's from Tom more crazy gesture
gaming thanks so much mama I said thank
you so much in this video but I was
really really awesome man thank you Oh
what the hell look at that nice so I
think oh my god that's such a good
drawing guys nice really really good man
I cannot draw like that oh my god that's
definitely going
wall and then look at that - a heart
with a diet coke in the middle and I so
cool we've got another bracelet okay so
that's now for bracelets we've got that
we've got a really cool Florida keyring
I mean I've never been Florida but
that's still something cool to have
that's from Hugo thank you so much you
go guys look at that guy's epic okay
here we got another package let's get
this open it feels like there's
definitely something pretty cool inside
here so there's just stuff all over my
desk get the knife straight through
there we go
what we go in here more sweet boys yes
oh we got some adrenaline official
trading cards
let's get these open why the hell not oh
damn we got Ronaldo Magee D we got Ramos
Sissoko that's pretty cool we literally
just got Ronaldo in one of these pipes
which was closed that's awesome okay
we're gonna finish off with this last
life - now end the video with this what
have we going here oh look at that
and then here we've got diet coke there
and then a mug speaker cart up there
okay den morgues please excuse my
drawing it is a privilege to be in one
of your fan mail videos I only started
watching you a few weeks ago and I enjoy
your video so much I decided to take the
day off school and watch a ton of your
videos oh my god in my eyes and all of
your fans eyes you are an utter legend
that brings joy and happiness to
everyone so don't let those eight
comments bring you down hope you keep
making awesome videos from Nathan thank
you so much man honestly what an awesome
way to end the video man that really
really means a lot for guys as we
usually do to end these videos I'm gonna
show you around my desk and show you all
the stuff that we've got and all the
mess we've made cuz there is a lot of
stuff around here as you can see there
is literally stuff everywhere we did get
through all the mail but we did quite
good oh here is all of the packages and
then here we've got tons of drawings
we've got sweets we've got Matchett
artists we've got so much stuff on it as
you can see both eyes the end of the
video guys so if you have enjoyed them
please hit like and also tell me in the
comment section if you want to see some
UFC videos with UFC - which I got sent
and also hit like if you want to see
some UFC 2 videos but yeah as we usually
do I'll put the pill box address on the
bottom of the screen
right now if you understand anything for
the next beer box video then the address
is down there on the screen and also in
the description but guys that is about
it so thank you all so much for watching
and as always I've been morgues you guys
been awesome and I'll see you in the
next video peace out
