yo guys it's molds and today we have
another 16 video with my Bruno
reppin that white team on top as you can
see guys I think this is my first video
wearing a white apparel top so that's
quite cool I'll be link to that in the
description as always so today what
we're going to be doing is a FIFA 16
video and we're gonna start with some
parts on FIFA 16 then we're gonna move
on to a foot draft and hopefully get
something good and then to conclude the
video we're going to move over to be for
UT store and do that part with Bruno
similar to my last video with Bruno you
guys absolutely love the videos with
Bruno that video got tons of likes at
we're down said do you guys want to see
another video with Bruno oh I got tons
of likes honestly you guys love with the
videos with Bruno so I thought I would
do another feature 16 video and since
FIFA 16 is a little bit dad I thought
it'd be good to mix it open just get
Bruno involved because why the hell not
anyway guys if we can smash 10,000 likes
on this video that I'd be insane and if
you guys want to see more videos with my
dog Bruno then smash 10,000 likes guys
and not show me that you guys want to
see more with him anyway in the store
what we do have is 45 K pipes as you can
see 45 K prime goal players packs are me
and I don't know if there's much
available at the moment but we are just
gonna open some of these and hopefully
get something good so we're gonna start
with the first one and you know what we
may as well do some superstitions do
what let's start off with a nose pipe
very very simple there we go come on I'm
feel something on this pike guys I'm not
gonna lie uh darmian
oh god man decide hey I'm feeling some
wing on this pipe guys Mogan why
I have never I'm talking never had a
good 45 k pack I haven't done too many
of them but is this second part gonna be
the one to change it guys honestly I've
never had a good 45k pack are you
kidding me
a non rare is my best player see what I
mean I can't get looking these four five
K packs guys do you know what hold on
I'm gonna go find something we can use
as a superstition for the next pack what
we're gonna do is a sunglasses pack okay
so let's get this open sunglasses pack
here we go third part and I've done
these quick but come on Jones oh not
what we're looking for if I'm honest all
right straight up let's just discard
that Phil Jones in a 45 K Park it's not
it's not good as it okay well these have
gone very very quick probably because
we're getting absolutely nothing but the
final Boy 5k bike guys already and oh my
god
see this is why I don't open putts on
FIFA guys my look is atrocious that's
for discard packs like no even an
informed oh geez man anyway I think we
are gonna move on to the draft in this
video and hopefully we can get a good
draft because as you guys saw that we
got absolutely terrible pipes guys I'm
not gonna lie
all right then here we go let's just get
stuck into this draft guys not gonna
waste any time cuz I need to get
something good here I'm gonna set myself
a goal of a 190 Plus at least at least a
190 guy that's what we want oh damn we
got 99 messy though the best player in
the game probably I just pissed off
every Ronaldo fan out there know hey
guys Ronaldo is also the best player in
the game both 9 I'm rated two best
players in the game I don't know I'm
getting out here anyway striker position
number one can we get Man United Eva
cheese man okay I mean I can't really go
with him because he doesn't fit but I
mean I'm probably gonna have to go with
Bale
oh damn 90 Benzema why star guys 90
Benzema 93 Bale and 99 Messi
now moving on to the come on with
ourselves 84 is go I don't mind this guy
I mean this he's not the best player
he's not really what we're looking for I
will take in this go under
russia-us is probably the best option
there just for the chemistry of course
couldn't be bunch of these Center facts
now and we could do with a G's man 95
Godin you guys for much more than that
guy's not gonna lie second centre back
yeah that one is definitely lacking in
everything
82 and Kalu I mean gonna have to be him
can't see anyone else
87 MUX well again you're probably for
the bench so amazing what's going rating
right back we could do with someone good
now we got our BBVA player George and
dude you are Marino and for some reason
his name's coke that makes no sense
anyway we'll go with coke 80 record
guess the chemistry and now the left mid
to complete the squad is going to be
very very poor we're gonna go with guy
tankers of the rating is 90 rated to be
fair boys only 73 chemistry so we really
really do need to get something in the
reserves start with a bang Rodriguez I
mean our mum reasonably happy with that
he gets way more chemistry than Gaytan
so there's a decent start I'll take that
oh no what's going on here Laporte a
because we need a centre-back which is
the video we've got 90 rating and 91
chemistry guys we need a good player and
oh we aren't even got Ronaldo or Neymar
we're gonna need a miracle on the bench
guys America
dammit man a carving a good-looking full
draft Seattle own bloody packs oh my oh
okay Team of the Year Neymar in my
opinion one of the rarest cards in photo
I rarely ever get team of your name off
anyway if we stick him at left-back I
don't know just just put nothing out oh
my god come on oh wow 89 krause
95 Hulk 92 Kaakha Kaakha Kaakha Kaakha
this is a tricky choice man I don't need
to go up here I think it's probably the
best option to go with crus yeah I'm
gonna go a crew stand a comportment CDM
get him in the squad get the chemistry
reasonably high but get that massive
rate increase I think that was the right
choice guys I think hey guys looks like
it's time for the final pick of the
draft
can we get BBVA keeper yes we can we can
get as Aiden Joe can't pronounce our
name guys anyway there we go we've got a
1 8 9 but can we get this to at least a
190 sure
get it for 190 guys I mean bloody hell
jaimé jaimé jaimé turner timmy timmy
timmy turner timmy oh my god yeah tara
tara timmy turner
oh yes guys there we go 190 and we
haven't even all the bench ad do not
think we can get this to a 191
unfortunately but we said we wanted at
least a 190 and to be fair we did get
the 190 anyway why I'm gonna do now is
go and grab Bruno similar to the last
video bring him up here sit him on the
lap and we are gonna open some packs
over on FIFA ut store which if you guys
are unaware it is a website where you
can open packs wave at FIFA money you
can transfer your FIFA money over or buy
it directly from the shop use code molds
for a discount for a 10% discount if you
are going to go over the side and buy
some coins and then you can open packs
on the website but here's the twist you
notice a boy 5k 30k 50k 25k you have
million coin parts 500k coin packs
you've got so much variety on there so
we're gonna go grab Bruno open some of
them and hopefully get better look than
what we've been getting on FIFA okay
guys as you can see now we're on FIFA UT
store and we are gonna get started now
in this video I'm gonna be doing it a
little bit different I'm gonna build up
the pack I'm gonna start with 10k packs
then some 25 then 50 then hundreds then
250 s then 500 then 1 millions we're
gonna build it hope as you guys can
probably tell anyway we're gonna start
with a 10k pack I'm no expecting much
from this oh that's not the best start
of the video is it oh okay there we go
that's some profit 11850 there we go
another 11,800 oh my god
22 K 22 K boys from a 10 K pack we're
already up we're already making profit
that's a good start
okay 25 k silver pipes more we go oh my
god 56 K honestly man I love this sign
do any of you guys that may be confused
this is real FIFA money that I'm playing
with it you get the coins and then you
can put them over on FIFA so I've
literally just doubled my money there
I've done more than double my money I've
turned 25 K into 56 K geez man I'm gonna
move away from the 25 k bucks and get
straight into a 50k Park there we go
eyes can see with
they're obviously you can't win them all
guys let's just get into another 50k
pack and there you go guys we're back in
front in the profit 73k for my 50 k5o
78k return another good pack hairs all
over my top from freakin Bruno okay boys
100k fights identity first one of these
82 and not too bad we got we got four
informs and there we can't really
complain with that come on boys another
hundred capable they would get 100 11
inform 87 Karim Benzema Bruno's freaking
falling off my lap sit okay we're gonna
start with a hero pack here we go come
on there we go we got three heroes 315 K
about 68k profit there boys we're
getting very very lucky today we've
already made profit and we're neither on
to the big pipes yet
oh my god 95 codeine 349 K we've only
gotten ourselves 100 K proper guys if
Bruno is popping all over the place yes
guys hundred K profit from a team of the
season 250 K pack Buddha right you are
being a bloody nuisance sit still oh no
way 651 K oh I'm benzema unveil a
Lewandowski and that's hard no way guys
what a pad okay do you know what time is
is time for the legend pack God 750 K
legend Pike come on
oK we've made profit there 816 K there
we go 800 K return from a 750 K let's do
another legend pack o the way no way 1.3
million for legends ball legends all
rottens I can't believe it guys
incredible 750 K and we got ourselves
1.3 million for MMA
sheera and when mr. G's man one pack the
culture and deco and Benzema 1 million
and forward and 50k we're absolutely
smashing these legend pace guys come on
Bruno was next wise next I don't even
care guys that's Emily Andra k lost but
still we got sharing him another new
legend come on now come on come on come
on come on come on Bruno come on Bruno
come on Bruno Owen unveil I mean I think
what Regas team of the year 1 million
coin now guys oh look look oh my god yes
Marcelo future poor lesser
Neymar honestly man Bruno's insane that
doesn't even shock me I'm not even
shocked oh no oh my god whoa Mike what
Pike 1 million coins even the season
pack we've got those 1.6 returned 9je
bruh all my life 98 ibrahimovic Bruno
has just caused one of the biggest
profit pipes I have ever gotten on Fifi
UT store oh my god oh my god hi Joe
oh my god I don't believe it lift her oh
my god Bruno what he says haha literally
I was standing off this video I was
literally done with it right
I thought let's do from one more pack a
team of the season 1 million pack Joe
just to the putter just while L not
Messi and Ronaldo in the same pack thank
God I'm still recording guys Bruno who's
Estados two of the best players in the
world the two best players in the world
in the same pack I I do not believe it
has Messi Ronaldo that's incredible I
tell you all guys that could not have
been a bad way to end this video man oh
my days
poor guys the end of the video guys and
if you have enjoyed then a like would be
much appreciated if you want
more videos with Bruno then let's try
and smash 10,000 likes on this video
guys I think we can do it and yeah we've
got some incredible pikes in this video
man just reflecting on those packs we've
had Ronaldo legends team the seasons
team of the years we've had literally
everything bruno brings of the most
insane amount of luck ever bruno is a
monster opening pipes bunny just sooo
awesome
as I said guys if you want to check out
B for UT store the link will be in the
description below and also use my
discount code which is morgg's but guys
that is about it for this video and as
always I've been bored you guys been
awesome and I'll see you in the next
video peace out
