right so today we have a video that you
guys have literally been asking me for
non-stop for the past two days Pokemon
go game play yep it's actually gonna
happen guys oh my god
so this all started a few days ago when
added video talking about Pokemon go and
you guys said in the comment section of
that video
mogs all you're doing is talking about
the game you know I've been playing the
game we want to see the gameplay and
literally I've been getting those
comments over on Twitter and on YouTube
for ages so today what we're gonna be
doing is playing Pokemon go right now
what I'm gonna do is go off on a long
walk with some friends of mine I'm just
gonna try and record what I can I'm not
sure what's gonna happen guys but I
thought the first thing I would do is
show you my team as you can see the
phone is on the screen right now let me
remove over here so as you can see
there's my team guys it's pretty good
you know I've been playing it quite a
bit in the car and also been going on a
few runs and taking my phone with me and
going out with some friends and that but
yeah as you can see my best Pokemon is
this free six eight gold bar I am gonna
have to record on my g7x because
unfortunately I don't have a bit of
software for my iPhone but why I'm gonna
say is if you guys want to see more of
these pokemon game episodes then he'll
like on this video if we can get to
12500 likes on this video then I'll see
I'll do a part two if we can get 12,500
likes I'll do a part two to this video
so get liking and also one more thing I
will quickly show you is my incubators
and my eggs as you can see I've got a
lot of incubators what I will do now is
head out on my journey head out on this
long walk and I'll report back to you
guys when we get some good captures I'm
not massively sure how much is I'm gonna
be able to record because I'll only be
doing on my g7x but I'll try my best
guys so yeah as I said 12,500 likes for
part 2 and let's get started
you're my best friend
hadar dude okay we found a pidgeotto
again in the car down to where we're
going to start the war and oK we've got
the raspberry then a father okay it's a
decent foe we didn't get great or
anything but no no don't you doubt like
oh no please please don't like don't
crush my dreams is actually yep I've got
to actually hate this okay guys the big
moment did I catch it oh yes the goodies
oh 315 PG Oh boys that's really
really good we're just in the car on the
way down to where we're gonna start the
long walk yeah I'm just on the way down
to the college where I'm meeting my
friends to go on the walk but we just
got 315 PG oh that's actually really
good
oh and also guys we just leveled up to
level 10 while we're in the car so I go
to my items as you can see we've got
some super potions so that I'll be
useful we got an egg I'm not sure which
one is though please with something good
oh my god boys 161 star you 1 2 3 first
time yes
easy boys easy guys it's not there the
Pidgey is literally not there that's how
bad the servers are it's not it's not
there it's literally not there what is
going on what an absolute nightmare boy
I just found a squirt all right this is
start pokemon yellow oh man please come
on high one no no no no no no please
mate it's froze I'm so pissed off I
can't believe it did I get squirtle guys
here we go we've launched back up the up
oh my god oh my god oh my god please CP
Rison I didn't get it squirt I didn't
get it no way there's no way I didn't
get it I got a 150 gasps look
oh it's fighting me it's just blocked me
shot No Oh yep it's just frozen oh my oh
this up is just brilliant clearly
working up okay let's restart this
recent pokemon no ghastly it's time to
commit I'm not even joking
talk to me the woods now guys and I
genuinely cannot believe we found a
squirtle and a ghastly and we've lost
them both love the game guys absolutely
love it
hi guys we've literally got about 5 eggs
hatch in here first one oh my god I'm
with Charmander content oh okay
wine RM smaran great start what
brilliant star sorry your Charmander
hey squirrel squirrel oh my god nothing
we got a nothing mother is literally so
hard to get shade so I can actually show
you guys but the Charmander was one five
three and not venom at we did get out of
186 so that's two decent poop on there
guys highest rated Pokemon this PG oh
all right
and I can evolve that now we do a
Pidgeot 51 PG candy evolve that okay
take so long there we go it's barely
changed does it it looks the same five
five two oh my god eyes the highest one
by far five five two Pidgeot boys nice
sick quick little egg update guys eyes
can see we've got a lot here but the
10-kilometer a gizze on seven point five
out of ten
that'll be hatching in this video
guarantees man I cannot
my boys we found a wild Pokemon it looks
so realistic man what the hell look at
them graphics
hi guys brand-new Pokemon volt or 150cc
this thing is going to be hard to catch
man
baidu 1x it's a new one and we can get
the experience obviously if we catch it
sighing that's a good hit one two three
evening dinner yep there we go easy boy
also guys just leveled up again to level
11 right that's 9 to 10 then 10 to 11 in
one video looking pretty good so far
five boys we've got about three five
cakes here ready to arch hutch hutch
hutch ohh oh my god that's one of the
best ones I'm not joking I think that's
best thing you can get for a 5k up to 73
not too bad we got another one here
another 5k egg how'd you got polygon
from first man second egg oh there's a
new one again so uncle after that but
it's it's not the best I think there's a
third 5k egg Oh hurry up
Hicks ages mine please be gone this is
the same thing
Mohsen nothing oh I've already got a
side up man for look guide the 10k egg
nine point eight so we lit up the walk
like down the road and then we'll be
ready touch boys we found a wild piggy
well feed you guys let's catch the ice
blitz it's run away by boys we've got
the chain K egg in here could be
something massive could be a Snorlax
good widget eenie it could be an Eevee
please what no
oh my god
tank M I want I want six miles for an
Eevee I don't we were I call me lots of
times what ten I've got ten comma
kron-tv look at this I just I don't
believe it I don't believe it and
goodbye guys we've just found an Eevee
but if we catch this that means we can
evolve it into one of the free
variations so I literally I need this
thing I know the Pokemon and good with
you but evolutions are really good there
we go okay we got it
that means we can evolve this thing into
I think it's Vaporeon joltin Joel tea on
under the the other variation I don't
know which one I want I think I'd like
the electric one that Yahtzee Jolteon
just cuz I haven't gone electric well I
think they're all quite good so hope
they're just get oh yeah we heard we got
Joe Chill that's really good okay we
need to look at the CP clubs and that's
what matters oh five eight two five five
two got both them in this video this has
been really really successful boys
literally just leveled up to level 12
and I know what we got but that's free
levels of progress in one video
got accustomed or we really do need this
thing we may have to try like a spin
ball but for now I think I'm going to
try and hit it nice okay that's not as
great and don't think but still that
should be it please
oh don't freeze on me you cannot freeze
on me don't you dare
it's just pose on me I do not know if
I've got it or not I think it it's just
on their way hold on what's happened
literally boys I don't know what
happened
it's just glitching have we got it or
have we not I really really hope we have
no we haven't I give up man this games
ridiculous so that is two squirrels we
missed out on today if I remember
correctly I just don't like how glitchy
it is man it's just terrible
ok I'm literally stood right on the gym
right on the landmark so now if this
doesn't work then there's clearly
something wrong because I cannot get
closer to it but look it still fails to
load this thing is ridiculous ok here we
go I think it's loading now hopefully we
can just get into this so I can actually
battle this thing
hi guys basically what just happened is
I've just hatched a 5k egg and I got
myself Rhyhorn now you may be saying
that's a really good Pokemon bought eyes
can see on my screen I already had one
of these Rhyhorn so now we've got 22
Rhyhorn candy we need 50 to evolve those
so I'm happy with that not really but I
believe that we have now is another 5k
egg right here
so then openness at a three-year
sentence to the new doing is my favorite
away oh no it's a really bad anyway guys
little update on how far we've actually
walked I've been walking now for about
15 kilometres guys I am not good for we
are about I'd say 4/5 of the way through
the route that I kind of had planned so
what I'm going to do is continue through
and hopefully get at least one more good
pokemon at least at least one more boys
another unexpected egg hatch Magikarp
got another one boys I think this is
just the level 2 so probably nothing
good here but we could get a starter oh
god man ice terrible oh god we got
another egg guys this is another
unexpected one's actually adjusting the
focus there to see if we've got the
Eevee but got another egg and this is a
oddish bright guys basically what we
have right here is a gem as you can see
this is held by Team yellow I'm not sure
than amethysts vowel or no that's red so
this must be the other one I don't know
anyway on this the the actual Pokemon
that's in this I'll show you in a second
if the game will load we've got a three
five nine Pidgeot and we've got seven
nine nine gold oh no if I go to my my
Pokemon right here as you can see I've
got a seven four five Pidgeot and a six
one one Jolteon obviously that is a in
the gym but we've got those two which
should be able to wipe out this gym so
what I'm gonna do now is fight this gym
on camera we'll actually get this one on
camera because I've got enough space on
my memory card so let's do this key
there we go win okay I'm gonna hit it
with these normal-type that seems to be
doing quite a lot okay alright we're
going to charge what we're gonna do a
big one we're gonna do a big one
discharge there we go oh my god look at
the health we can just hit another one
it's dead okay we don't have enough
stuff I'm gonna just hit it down with a
small attacks please don't do the glitch
is a glitch way it stays alive on no
he'll but there we go
first one down now we've got golden
which is again super effective we should
be able to take both of these out if you
can just get this off quickly there we
go okay that's quite a good lip health
that obviously this is seven nine nine
so it's higher rated than mine in we
come we've got a pigeon now this is high
rated again but this one isn't the best
against water but then again isn't even
battle what
do not go there you're almost there oh
this is so close I think it might have
me but then again we do have more
Pokemon but we still do want to take
this up with just one corn that's it
it's done it's done it's done
ah the glitch man the glitch take it out
take it out oh I got me okay come on
oddish oddish just do the business one
simple move just get it out game and
stop glitching man it's on literally no
help work just take it oh this game
there we go finally it's done is that it
there we go another gym victory live on
camera as you can see - 2500 gym
prestige tons of XP but Dell will give
us an unclaimed gym there we go can
claim a second gym now straight away
what should we put in this one though
Rhyhorn free 18 please work this time
there we go boys another gym claimed for
the blue team I'm buzzing that's a
really really good little gym fight
there what's actually really cool guys
is two gyms I've got so far in this
video I reasonably close to my house
they're not right next to it but the
reason will be close so you know I mean
I can visit them very often hopefully
add some more Pokemon to them as we get
up and I can also see if anyone takes
them over right there we go again boys
level up once again this time to level
13 guys this video has it all honestly
starter Pokemon 10k eggs literally I
think about 15 eggs in this video we've
leveled up I think that's the fourth
time honestly this video of us add
everything in it you guys better leave a
like on this so as you can see a 2 5 9 c
PE v just the end of the day we're going
to see if we can catch this thing
obviously the more these the better
because that means the more evolutions
we can get what's happened here why is
it going to a big on the screen oh no I
think we might have glitched again yep
another glitch guys this is literally
15,000th glitch we've seen today God you
know what screw the Eevee I'm just going
to go inside and see what we've got from
today guys I'm too tired to get it right
so as you can see we did not manage to
catch the Eevee but we are back inside
now and actually what happened cuss out
some incense left a wee dog came up to
me now you may be thinking only a Weedle
but I caught it and what that means is
actually we can evolve a Kakuna into the
final evolution here we go Beedrill I
believe it is there we go guys Beedrill
after all this time we finally got him -
awesome but why is the CP gonna be since
the CP was only 70 for the cocoon I
don't think is gonna be massive but
still it should be quite high yeah there
we go - fee-free not the best but you
know it's not too bad so guys
we are now back home as you can tell oh
my god what a day
so not only today have we walked I think
around 15 kilometers Bob's on the first
half with my friends second off by
myself honestly today's has been such a
fun day gone out we've done a lot of
exercise we've socialized had fun Scott
my friends had a good time on pokemon
and you know that's why I like the game
anyway guys we're gonna now talk about
the stuff that you guys probably all
care about the pokemon so we started
today on level 9 we are now level 30 and
as you can tell the phone is now on the
screen level 30 and halfway to level 14
so good progress there and today we've
also taken over two gyms one of them a
dinky on camera but one of them I did as
you guys saw but anyway I'm gonna show
you my team now this is improved greatly
as you can see seven four five Pidgeot
six eleven Jolteon 520 polygons three
nine four golbat 3:18 ride home which is
currently in the gym three eleven oddish
twosome for rio and honestly it's a
pretty good team guys I'm quite happy
with that but today has also been very
very frustrating we lost out on about
free starter Pokemon glitched out so
many Pokemon captures honestly they
really really do need to fix the service
but that is where I'm gonna end the
video guys as I said if you want to see
part due to this maybe not as long walk
but I will charm investigate as good
footage as I can impart - he's gonna see
part two then hit that live on 12500 as
I said for part two I really hope you've
enjoyed guys I cannot believe today I
spent catching pokémon but it is quite
funny I've got to admit I do enjoy it
but that's about it guys so as always
I've been mold you guys been awesome and
I'll see you in the next video peace out
I can't leave us sometimes what 10 I've
got 10 common phone TV look at this
