I feel absolutely dead right guys since
Friday I have had a cold and basically
my throat has been sore and Munoz has
just been blocked I haven't been able to
record because I literally just feel so
dead I thought it would be quite funny
to put together a funny montage of some
of my outtakes and bloopers because as
most youtubers will know out there we
make a lot of mistakes mid video and
some of them are really really funny
basically you don't see some of the
mistakes I make because I ended them out
but in this video I'm gonna be showing
you some of the funniest things I have
done while recording and also guys if we
can hit 10,000 likes on this video then
when I'm feeling better the next video
will be with my dog yep that'll happen
but yeah that's about it guys the
uploads will start again soon as soon as
I'm feeling better and I really really
hope you enjoy the montage yo guys yo
guys it's mold and - yo guys it's morgs
and bull god I need a drink
oh god I need another drink of water
this is gonna go oh god I need another
drink of water this is get serious ah so
ugly so you mate so you may remember a
few months ago I did video so you may
remember so you may remember so you may
remember a few months ago when I did
video so you may remember a few months
ago when I did video so you may remember
so you may remember a few months ago
when I did the video eating Australian
candy all the still on me oh and that
and not really good and that just means
so much to me guys honestly and that
just means so so much to me guys it's
always been obviously one and that just
means so so much to me guys yo guys yo
guys
now that doesn't seem that bad the
Dalida not to subscribe has nothing
wrong fucking over on my Twitter which
is in the which is Morton in description
below which is at morgue source and
they'll be linked in description below
so YouTube have been deleting so so
let's sell so I'm gonna kind of run you
through so yeah this is gonna be a
little and then your package will get to
me I'll open it and it'll all be good
and then that package will come to me
I'll open it of it and then that package
will come to me and I'll open it and
it'll be all happy happy happy and then
your package will come to me and I get
in the box and open it up but that's up
but that's up to you guys can send what
it's not any more information about what
to send or how to do it then dessert if
you want any more information about what
to send oh it may not make it may not
make it may not make much sense now but
just watch and you'll know what I mean
eventually now now hold on a minute now
hold on a minute if now hold on a minute
most people on YouTube now hold on a
minute most people now hold on a minute
so when I first fingers so when I first
Feliz recordings just started meet me
meet me
mic making sure it's all fucking dandy
except for the fact that there's no
water all over my floor except for the
fact that there's no water all over my
floor except for the fact that there's
now water all over my floor it's time to
stop
it's finest stuff okay oh I think I've
opened it oh shit
you know what still don't feel do you
know what I still don't feel do you know
what I still don't feel you know what I
still don't feel hot enough you know
what still feel too hot guys oh I think
it's about time we actually start the
video okay I think it's about time I
actually start the video okay okay think
it's about time we actually start the
video so in case you are so in case you
are unaware of what so in case you are
unaware of what have been so in case you
are unaware
and I asked and I asked you guys and I
asked you gut and I asked you guys to
roast me the cameras are charged because
last night because on the 28th the
course on the 28th because on the 28th
of June because on the 28th of June oh
really guys is weather is absolutely
diabolical thriller guys this weather is
just absolutely diabolical
Oh oh my god oh I think I go first bye
I think he's gone first panic oh my
girls over there this new towel oh god
there's no towels for that's my purse
now of course my house oh that was the
first one Oh
oh look at my face
oh oh
