you
I got roasted where's the bleach where's
the bleach
I lost the bleach so in case you are
unaware of what's been happening for the
past seven days I've been tweeting now a
few pictures over on my Twitter which is
at morgue source and they'll be linked
in the description below and I asked you
guys to roast me being as harsh as you
possibly can and yeah you guys Ted me
and you asshole also guys if this is the
first video you've ever watched of me
then be sure to hit that subscribe
button and also if we could get 6,000
lights for this Droste moulds video then
that'd be insane so I thought I would
just really quickly mention I did see
case I do this video I think it was him
that Saad do it first so quick shout out
to him you know not like he really needs
or anything but before all you guys
attacked me for being a copycat in the
conversation below
just because a youtuber does a video on
something doesn't mean no one else can
anyway let's get into the roast sky some
be serious
get ready for this bra look at this dude
Oh ladies eater oh no no no no look at
the top of his head
Who am I meant to be roasting you or her
not gonna lie that's quite good ah is
that a girl or a boy and I'm pretty sure
it's a boy we are gonna need a DNA test
though so let's get Jeremy Carl on the
scene you should put your tits in the
thumbnails for views
I would roast you but my parents taught
me to treat girls with respect
wait so you're transgender
back then I may have been I'm not 100%
sure to be honest your eyebrows are
still fucked yeah there's one problem
which never really got any better these
were the only subs you were getting back
then these are actually quite funny
living proof that Morgan can be a boy's
name a girl's name and a shemales name
look mum a rock oh wait my parish
disowned me
mess full-stop what can I say
dad blue I found dad dad where did you
go when your mum asks who your best
friend is and you show her a rock damn
you look like a poo I think I could be
one of the most pathetic roasts I've
ever heard ah my mum looks like that
creature from Lord of the Rings but with
diabetes oh boy where on earth do I
start you fat fuck you're so fat I took
a picture of you last Christmas and it's
still printing you also fight you went
out in high heels and came home in
flip-flops boy you are so fun that you
don't even need the internet you're fast
is already worldwide I mean look at you
fucking Gabrielle is Iglesias looking
ass I know who lies by the way no wonder
your dad used to hit you I think if my
son came out my bird pussy I'd be
punching him until my face was saw from
what I can see you're holding a dog
collar only question is where's the dog
did you read to me fat con or is he
still hiding under y'all got he's one of
those who are more likely than you
actually outside walking it oh well if
the YouTube thing doesn't work out I
suppose you can always model for Evans
you fat fuck
you look like fucking grimace in that
purple hoodie I think that's quite an
accurate comparison to be honest
someone linked Big John remember to you
sewed on the fucking kid from or the kid
from up hahaha would rescue but it looks
like you've eaten too much too much
roast the light blue shirt plus
wristband combo equals obese
eleven-year-old starter pack looks like
when you're depressed you cut yourself a
slice of cake bloody brilliant so fat
that if you fell downstairs you'd think
EastEnders was on
okay I'm no girl oh no horse go fully oh
my god is the fucking pig form of
Chicken Little
I don't think Bale could care verbal
round that wall did it no but right now
they've still played for real no editing
involved at all
your face is naturally squashed in aged
11 rocking the XXL Madrid shirt it was
actually in Excel thank you very much
look when you got a meal at 5:00 much at
6:00 never known a little fat fuck place
for Real Madrid Jesus Christ come out I
know five fat people you are free of
them sick you fat ugly cunt
Oh nob right well I'm not no I think
it's time we end the video oh look at
the top of his head but that is the end
of this roast morgues type of video if
you have enjoyed then please leave a
like also if you are new then hit that
subscribe button because I upload shit
content like this every three days I'm
gonna say I'm not very I'm not very
consistent guys don't get your hopes up
anyway guys this entire video was just a
joke I literally asked these guys to be
as harsh as they caught most of these
were like genuine subscribers but I you
know I asked them to be as harsh as they
could for the video to make entertaining
because that's what roasts is anyway
guys as I said six thousand likes would
be incredible that would mean the world
to me
and I actually had a lot of fun doing
this the row so you guys sent in we're
really really good and quite funny to be
fair but that is about it so thank you
so much for watching and as always I've
been morgues you guys been awesome and
I'll see you in the next video peace out
