ah-hah honey
ah-hah honey yo guys it's molds and
today what we have is my updated gaming
setup Talk for June 2016 now in this
video I'm gonna be giving you guys an
in-depth look at my gaming desk and also
going to be talking about everything in
the desk in my previous setup video I
gave you a tour of the entire room if
you want to watch that one and see the
actual room then I'll leave a link in
the description but this one will be
focused just on the actual desk and why
I use on a daily basis a few things to
cover just before we get into the setup
number one is about that Mac there and
before I get absolutely roasted in the
comments I thought I will explain about
why actually user for now that side of
the desk is not to use for gaming this
side is my gaming side that side is not
because Mac's are the best for gaming
and I'll admit it basically why I
actually use this mat for is most of my
youtube stuff so that is editing
Photoshop a final core all that stuff
and I really really like some of the
software available on the Mac so that is
why I use it so another question you may
be asking is why are you doing another
gaming setup tour that is basically just
because a lot has changes last time and
I mean a lot of change if you go back
and watch my last cell tour you will see
that a lot has changed and also this is
very highly requested so basically today
I'm gonna be taking you through it all
and we're gonna get started down here
now this is not really part of the setup
boy this is my mini-fridge and in here
it's just where I keep my drinks and it
may be a bit food every now and again
there's not too much in here it's a
coca-cola mini-fridge and in my opinion
is very very nice it really adds
something a little bit different to the
setup so it's not all kind of standard
stuff you don't usually see mini fridges
in setups and that's why I like it and
then as you can see on the top of the
mini fridge we have a few things number
one is this standard kit lens for the
Canon 700d now this is the 18 to 55
millimeter it's a pretty decent lens but
I recently upgraded and that is the one
that's causing on my camera so this one
I don't really use that much next here
we have a portable charger this thing is
brilliant it's got two USB ports I take
it with me basically wherever I go just
for an extra charge on my phone and
stuff like that and yeah I really really
like this charger and here we have my
main Xbox controller this is my Xbox one
elite controller now I got this one I
used to game a lot on the call of duty I
don't do that too much anymore but this
thing is still an absolute tank I
this controller so nice in the hand the
grips on the back are brilliant and then
just above the mini-fridge we have where
I hang my headphones and as you can see
free hangers free different sets of
headphones they all have their own
responsibilities and they're all made
for their own thing down here is my
beats by dre studios now these things
are awesome I really really like these I
use these for every time I use these for
when I'm on my computer when I'm
listening to music when I'm editing
these things are just brilliant I've had
these for ages and I love them above
that way I have my Xbox one headset this
is the Astro a40 s they are wired I've
never had any problems with them I think
they comfy I think they look nice and
they do their job very well now I don't
really like this headset this is a
turtle beach headset for the ps4 it does
its job it's not very nice-looking
though in my opinion and it isn't very
comfy so it's not the best headset but I
really just use up a talking to my
friends now just before we go on to the
actual desk we're going to talk about
this and this is my GT Omega racing
chair this is the Evo XL Edition and oh
my god
I could talk about this thing for hours
no I am sponsored by GT Omega you may
know and they sent me this thing out and
oh my god I could not be more happy it
is amazing now I did have an old gaming
chair which I thought was alright and
this thing was just such a big
improvement it's full leather if i zoom
in here you can see all the leather
under stitching it's all just so
high-quality man I love this chair I use
this thing so much I sit in this every
day for a let's say about three hours
and I just never get any back strain
never get anything wrong with me this
chair is just brilliant and I really
really recommend it if you'd be like in
this chair there'll be a link in the
description and also a discount code
which is mods which will get you 5% off
anyway guys I think it's time we move on
to the actual desk setup now and just
before we get into it one minute as you
see down here the cable management is
absolutely terrible now just hear me out
while I explain the reason the cable
management is so bad is because I have
two houses out my mom's house and my
dad's house and certain parts of the
setup like my consoles and often
sometimes my computers and stuff like
that I have to transfer between house to
house and I move from house to house
very very often so there would be like
no point of cable managing this because
I'd have to just break it to actually
get the cables that I need to take the
stuff from house to house so you know I
realize it is terrible but there really
isn't much I can do about it I've tried
to hide as much as I can by putting in
that corner and there is some stuff
underneath the desk and behind there's
hidden but that's all really I could do
anyway here we have it guys this is the
main deck
and here is my dyson cool fan now this
is a pretty decent fun it is kind of
weird-looking you know I really like it
it looks kind of futuristic and it adds
something a little bit different to the
set up the main reason why I like this
though is because of the sound like this
thing is very very quiet so it means
that while I'm recording videos I can
actually have my fun on and you won't be
able to hear the background noise which
is ideal so here the back is where I
keep most of my consoles and of course
my PC we're going to start with the two
consoles have the Xbox one and the ps4
as you can see I really really do rate
both these consoles are both good if I
had to choose which one I prefer I would
probably go with the ps4 but honestly
they're both great and I use these to
talk to my friends play my friends I've
got FIFA for both of these a few color
juries and stuff like that I really
really just do enjoy these consoles here
we have my gaming PC now this thing is a
very very good PC in my last set up
thought I said that this thing was full
of viruses and I didn't really use it
that much I cleared that but yeah this
PC runs very well and it does its job
completely I do all my gaming on this
thing most of my hardcore gaming I won't
say I'm like a hardcore gamer but when I
play stuff like csing games like that I
always do it on my PC in terms of the
actual specs I'm not too sure guys I
bought it quite a while ago so I don't
know the specs but yeah when I do feel
like gaming I always do on my PC just
because it runs very well but rarely any
lag and I really really do rate this PC
now as you can see on the top of the PC
there is my two ps4 controllers this one
is by far my favorite this is a carbon
fiber ps4 control I really like this one
and this is one I use for like a FPS
games and shooters because I've got
grips on the foam sticks and grips on
the sides now you may be wondering how
do I actually record my ps4 and Xbox one
screen now I use the standard Elgato
which is back there I don't use what the
newer ones because the standard one is
fine for me as well but there there is a
HDMI splitter so that I can connect both
of them to just one HDMI port and now
what I'm going to do is move on to my
monitor now this one here is a bank you
monitor and the reason why I like this
monitor is it is height adjustable now
what this means is that I can actually
match up the height to my Mac like that
so as you can see it matches up
the only problem of this is it does not
match up at the bottom but you know the
fact that we've got it matching up at
the top is is alright for me I looked
around to see if there's one which would
match up correctly but there wasn't this
was the closest I could get
anyway I really do like this monitor
it's a banker gaming monitor it's pretty
good it's fast responsive I think it's
one millisecond so you know those
basically as good as you can get and
then down here is my keyboard this is
the Razer BlackWidow chroma I recently
got this I'd say a couple of months ago
and I really really do like it it's
reasonably reasonably quiet its
mechanical LEDs are all changeable I'm
yet to buy a Corsair keyboard so I
should probably get one of them and see
if it's any better but for now this
keyboard is fine for me and then here we
have my mouse which I use for my PC but
there this is the Logitech MX master
I believe don't quote me on that but
yeah this mouse is very very nice it
fits around my hand very nicely very
comfortable and then here we have the
Mook debatable part of the setup you
guys probably hate me for having a Mac
already but I did explain why I have
this this is brand-new by the way if you
watch my YouTube of life video I assume
you met me saying I got a new Mac this
is it right here basically it looks the
same as my old one but the main thing
that's changed is the specs now let me
quickly read out the specs for this
thing it has 16 gigabyte of RAM it has a
2 terabyte fusion drive 3.3 gigahertz
and it also has an i7 processor so this
thing is basically one of the best Mac's
you can get now this I've only had it
for like I think three four days now and
it's honestly been insane the upload
speed on this thing is just brilliant
the editing is clean and it also has a
Retina display which means you literally
cannot see any pixels it is beautiful
and then down here we have the Apple
keyboard this thing is shocking for
gaming not very good but for typing up
and doing everything that I need for my
Matt it is brilliant it's silent it's
pretty comfortable and it's very very
small and easy to access however if you
want a game with this thing then no
don't do it is not good for gaming and
now here we have my mouse and this is by
far my favorite mouse I've ever bought
this is a my own Ickx Nyos 8200 and this
thing is an absolute beast I would
recommend this to everyone and I'm not
being paid to say that honestly this
thing is so comfortable so nice feeling
it's so nice quality and it's light it's
just brilliant I just love this mouse
guys and then back here if I just grab
it it's currently not plugged in at the
moment but here is my Mac now this is
the audio technica at2020 just with a
pop filter on this mics alright if you
go into any of my other videos filmed
other set
you'll be able to hear the mic I don't
think it's the best mic I would
personally say the blue Yeti is better
but this might get the job done and it's
very very nice sounding you cannot deny
that and now we're going to talk about
the final thing on this setup and that
is my camera now this is why I use for
all of my face comes when doing these
videos
currently record number g7x but this is
my main camera this is a canon 700d with
a brand new lens this is a sigma 18 to
35 millimeter but this has an F 1.8 and
basically what that means is it lets a
lot of light in which means for low
light situations like inside a bedroom
or outside in the dark this thing is
very very good and yet it does work very
well in low light and the build quality
on this thing is just insane but guys I
think we're basically covered everything
now so that is the end of this updated
gaming setup tour and I just want to
quickly say so VAR na um it's really
really hot today but yeah I really
really hope you have enjoyed this video
as I said it was highly requested so if
we could hit 4000 likes on this video
that would be brilliant feel free to
leave any suggestions by the way in the
conversation below if you feel like
there's anything I could add to this or
change about this I'll try and read a
lot of them and if there's something
good if you leave a good idea then I'll
try my best to actually do it and
another thing quite a few of you are
probably asking is how did I actually
get the money and how did actually get
some of this stuff now I'm not going to
speak too much about this but a lot of
the stuff in my setup is strictly just
for YouTube now for example let's say my
mic now I wouldn't have a Mac with those
specs if I didn't do YouTube for example
like I've got some of the high specs
possible on that mark and that is just
because I want to get the videos edited
for you guys I'm a youtuber and if it
means paying more money to make the
experience better for you guys then I'm
prepared to do that in a way it's like
it it happened to buy a lot of these
things but just because the new YouTube
and just because I care about you guys
and I care about the videos I wanted to
to make the quality and the overall
experience fair for you guys just like
for example this good camera and this
man but guys thank you so much for all
the support at the moment it really
really really means a lot to me I really
hope you've enjoyed this video took me
quite a while to edit so if it gets much
alike as I've said that would be amazing
got any questions or feedback then
remember to leave them in the
conversation below but as always I've
been more
you guys been awesome and I'll see you
in the next video peace out
