yo guys it's morgues and today we have
another peer box opening and this is
actually the biggest one yet and it's
not even been two weeks since the last
one so in front of me on my desk I have
a massive pile of mail as you can see
we've got small ones we've got big ones
we've got we got freaking massive
letters we've got literally everything
today and what we're going to be doing
this opening all up and let's just get
started I guess but just before we do
that if you want to send me any mail for
my next bear box opening and the address
is on the bottom of the screen right now
all you have to do is write that on the
front of your package a few people have
been asking me watching us send just for
example you can send like fanart
you can send my Jordans you've done you
can send well these people have done and
actually send like an item this could be
like a gift or something I've had to
grab received candy obviously like
random little stuff you know he's really
just up to you guys if you're more
information on why you could send then
I'll put it in the description below but
I think it's time we just crack into
this one I don't know mess about long in
the intro I'm gonna open this massive
look at envelope because this looks
really exciting
looks like the trend is gonna continue
guys cuz we've got more football cards
if you haven't seen my last pair box
opening we got four different sets of
football card tilts like this guys come
and send some well this guy says I
inspire him to do everything everyday
when he gets back from school he always
checks I've uploaded that's really
awesome and thank you so much I really
means a lot to me I then let's get into
this one now they soften in here but I
don't know what it is so there's only
one way to find out who's actually open
it there we go we're in what is in here
more football cards well guys the coming
African tradition to send me these
things also in here we've got some
cinema glasses I mean there we go look I
guess then we've also gotten no in here
let me just look at this real quick away
just like a poster oh yeah it is good
luck thanks for sending it up but I
think I'm gonna have to take new glasses
off so this is from Henry he's 10 years
old and he says I'm one of his favorite
youtubers and he seen me ever since I
hit 50k subscribers thanks all for the
support ma'am and thanks a lot for say
no really means a lot
this guy's got on the like sir he wants
me to open it on camera
so else's that so I'm gonna do right now
so this is from Adam and his friend was
telling him about me and this brand is
called a Christian so shout out to
Christian and then ever since he's been
returning my he's come over to my
channel and he said he loves the content
I post on my channel and they saying
keep up the good work so thanks so much
right man and thanks so much for coming
over to the channel and supporting me
this is very green pen oh god we've got
another football card guys there as well
as that we've got this Joran well must
have a show on these but I guess is
pretty cool thanks a lot for that Nathan
alright then look at this one the feels
like there's something kind of rally in
there so I'm gonna get this open but
it's looking a little bit of odd I'm not
to rip into it hopefully not rip
anything this inside but oh damn this
looks interesting
so yeah this guy said two bucks and
harrybo's which I absolutely love he's
got this which is like a drawing if I
know he's giving me free drawings these
are the two big ones right here and then
there's one more which is right there
that is awesome
so this is from Adam and he is 14 years
old just like me and essays I should
play GTA 5 so if you guys want to see
some GTA 5 videos and tell me in the
comment section below but thanks a lot
Adam for sending all that stuff oh this
is so awesome this is from Alistar and
he says as it sucks last week and I kept
him going if you're watching me since my
epic more about vlog which is literally
over a year ago I think or just under a
year ago but nice mud and this also
asked me how long does it take to edit a
video well it kind of depends on the
joys of the video but like a five minute
video I'd say usually takes me about an
hour and a half for five to 15 minute
video it could take up to like 3-4 hours
so it really varies but it's not easy
I'll tell you that anyway thank you so
much for sending ours there's also
before bitch on the bond so nice really
really awesome alright so here we have
another one of those small ones which
feels like this summer inside but it's
got literally black duct tape sealing it
sure so I don't really know how we're
gonna get inside this I mean got the
knife but I guess just gonna have to try
and break this without breaking what's
inside okay what's in here okay so the
first thing we have in here is 2p so you
know I'm basically freaking loaded now
so this is from Joe and he says he loves
watching my videos when it
back from school and also send me this
which I believe is a micro SD card and
it says watch me on it so I'll try my
best but I'm not really sure what I'm
gonna do with that I so now we're gonna
move on to this one which as you can
tell is absolutely massive this is the
biggest one by far and I cannot wait to
see what's in here this thing is
humongous guys this is really hard to
open then we get rid oh my god what the
hell is in here so first thing we've got
a bracelet so I'm gonna wear that now
why the hell not I'm struggling to get
it on you know we'll put that to the
side for now we've also got this which
is guys is this um I'm really not sure
I'll pull that to the side and then
we've got this frickin minion thing that
I bought them and then we got this
pretty cool-looking American football
and then we've got this really sick
looking iPhone charger like look at that
eyes really awesome I'm definitely gonna
use that then as well as that we have a
pretty awesome jar of me but I want to
find out your census cups I'm gonna read
the note guys
hey mugs I'm Finn I love your videos so
much never stop making them cuz they are
amazing you don't just inspire me about
everyone who watches you I bet that
about a year or so you'll have reached
500,000 subscribers can I just say thank
you so much the chair meal whenever I
feel down cuz all of your videos make me
laugh never stop being you bye thank you
so much that Finn honestly that means a
lot my desk is as filled with your gifts
right now but honestly thanks what the
same man thanks all for sending all that
stuff that really really does mean ah
this feels like it could be some fun or
maybe orange or in but I'm gonna get
into this and just find out cuz I'm
really excited
we're in what we got here oh I was right
look at that we ever join it by cartoon
logo that is really awesome look laughs
it's called in and everything that we've
got this really really big light which
I'm gonna read now so give me a minute
you are a great upcoming YouTube with
heaps of great videos every day I go on
your channel and watch any new videos of
yours because they make me smile and
laugh
I've been subscribed to you since twelve
thousand subs I've drawn this picture to
say thank you for making my life a bit
better I hope you enjoy the gift can you
please read this in a Piero box video
there yeah this
from V Florence thank you so much man
that means so much and that drawing
that's going on the wall look at that
guy's more freaking football cards oh my
god guys look at the size of this layer
I'm gonna have to read this off cam this
is gonna take ages all the good guys
look at that Jordan that is actually so
good so that's from Murphy and Holly you
do and they've also said this massive
lie which I've just read and thank you
so much for the haha awesome they sick
this is from afterlife please and thanks
for all right guys what we do now is
open this one and this one again is a
pretty big one like this feels like
there's a last up in here so we're just
gonna try and rip into this for this eat
a little bit hard there we go I made a
rip oh my god there is a lot of stuff in
here
first of all well this are we don't know
been a fan of Minecraft
oh my god we got angry bird bang hoodie
hell look at uh-oh
now this guy's sent me a ps4 game they
sent me this game which is called him
knock
I've heard of this game I think I played
this once or twice this is my brand-new
oh my god I can't believe that thanks a
lot I'm gonna definitely start playing
that see if it's any good like I'd
really appreciate you sending me that so
this is open me to be annoyed so I guess
I'll open it oh haha
more football cards and we got that as
well freaking turn to morgues
please read on video I am James I'm an
epic fan of your videos you've inspired
me to start my channel which is it's
turtle gaming I hope you liked the
package yeah do my eyes awesome there's
so much stuff in here thank you so much
for that and I still can't believe he's
only a freaking game as in City okay I'm
just found this in the bomb attack
addresses please say hi some rimmon he's
a massive fan so hi son Raymond I'm so
verdict a name right but yeah oh my god
what the hell is this this is a prison I
then here we go what we got this present
this feels
my freakin birthday guys right so we've
got phone case and guess what's inside
here more looking bubble ha ha ha ha
so this is from Danny and he says he
really loves my videos he thinks I'm a
great YouTube and he really observe 1
million sub soon the dancehall for that
gift and thanks a lot for that massive
lie I'm definitely gonna put it on the
wall just because I like it was freaking
massive you guys I don't even nail I
can't deny those British beautiful then
finally in here we've got no let's say
open this damn logs just once they
congrats on hundred eighteen thousand
subscribers also thanks for keeping me
entertained for around seven months now
keep doing what you're doing and hope
you enjoy the two pictures they should
have came with this letter most respect
from children skills all I know you I do
you remember you've been a much out of
ages thanks a lot for sticking around
I literally give you five seconds to
guess boys in this letter more football
cards I look at this one guys this one
looks absolutely gigantic I don't know
what's in here but there is literally
only one way to find out so let's open
this now and see what's inside right so
this guy sent a ton of different
collages we got that one first
then we've got that one we've got that
one we've got that one I'm finally we've
got that one
lovely hell that's a lot of fun death
collages oh that really means a lot
this is from Josh and he says he loves
my channel and his favorite videos is
when I did the gamma challenge and did
the noob tries to quickscope video so
thanks a lot for that Josh
so these free are from Jack and he sent
me three different drawings so thanks a
lot for that so now what we have got is
the final letter and we're going to open
this one to end the video let's see what
we're going here all looks like we have
a drawing and now I'm going to unfold
this now see what this looks like
then we get a look a lot with God you're
in and then he says turn to the back do
morgues first let me introduce
myself hi my name is Jay Jacob and I'm
11 years old soon turning 12 I have a
YouTube account called X f ax skills the
way I got inspired was by watching you
so thank you Father
I've been watching you for a while
around 2 months and I want to
congratulate you on 100k subs you
deserve it
Thanks thank you so much for sending
that man that means a lot so that's the
end of the video guys and I think you're
gonna need a bigger box to store all
this stuff this one is literally
overflowing
no but seriously now to everybody that
sent stuff everybody I just want to say
a massive thank you that really really
means a lot to me if you want to send
anything for the next beer box opening
then I'll leave the address on the
bottom of the screen once again feel
free to send whatever you like as I said
of the star in the description there'll
be a better explanation of some of the
stuff you can actually send if we can
hit two thousand five hundred likes on
this video I've been saying tell me the
conversation below if you are enjoying
these pa box opening videos and also if
you have any suggestions on how we could
improve these pair box videos and leave
in the comment section too because I
will read a lot of them but as always
I've been mode you guys been awesome and
I'll see you in the next video peace out
