so today we have another pack opening as
per usual when a new team of season
comes out today however we don't just
have wanti in the season we have two if
you want some fifa coins or you want to
open some parts then fee for UT store is
the place to be they are so cheap and
also very fast and reliable they've been
around since P 4:12 so they're one of
the best reputations go in and if you
want to save yourself ten percent off
your order then remember to use code
mobs at checkout yo guys it's mauled and
today we have another pack opening as
you know today we are going for the
Syria and the French League team of the
season players I just want to say really
really quickly just look at the Ebro
card oh my god 99 shooting 97 physical
96 dribbling I mean these teams are
seasons just look incredible you know
you've got like is there between DD
Maria David Luiz Thiago Silva the list
goes on and then as well as that we
don't just have one team the season we
have two team diseases we got hit
weigh-in we've got body $9.00 and Pogba
honestly guys there is some incredible
players up for grabs today and today we
have a brand new account loaded up with
FIFA points ready to smash into a ton of
pucks and hopefully pack one of these
blues in fact hopefully pack a few of
these blues you know I don't want to
settle for just one I want a couple
anyway guys we're gonna get a start now
with the first pipe and this is a 25k
pipe we're gonna get started five
hundred FIFA points I don't really like
these pipes I never get an Allgood in
these parks can not change today oh my
 god oh my god what the
 oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh sorry sorry
oh I'm sorry don't hurt me sorry what
what what oh my god the first bank 91
and 92 won back oh my god this is
completely real I'll prove me right now
if you freaking what look at that I
don't really like these spikes I'm never
getting on good in these parts
I need to tweet about this oh my god
that is the first part
I was literally slaved in these parks
and then we opened the first water we
get back oh my god I am I am speechless
like I am full-on speechless honestly
like I am amazed who will be God took my
fever points we may as well just carry
on but like my heart is just pounding
right now oh not the best third we got
Luiz Gustavo hit with another blue in
Snider not quite blue is it
alright guys diet coke but you know the
drill you know what some of these pucks
we get a good player in the die every
time open there we go bang didn't work
for honestly guys insane chill yes boys
getting another team of the season
unseen as we were on our phone as we
pack that team of season I'm gonna do
now is a selfie pod now I've never gone
team the seasonal anything good in a
selfie pack can today changing I mean
let's just get the puck open him first
there we go our here we go selfie time
literally looking for the selfie on the
screen right that way we'll pull this
out the office me right here today has
been insane today has been completely
freaking insane right oh my god we have
just got them I am I can't believe it
both eyes the end of this park opening
I'm if you have enjoyed that a life
would be much appreciated guys we got so
lucky we got 290 rarity of the seasons
in the first part in one part and then
we proceeded to get to long blues and
happened to be the same one twice so
this is definitely been a park opening
to remember this is probably being my
best park opening ever so you know that
definitely deserves a like in my opinion
thank you all so much to support the
moment by the way it really really means
a lot to me and if you've got any
questions or feedback then you don't
want to leave it the comment section
below
both the boys I've been Borges you guys
have been awesome and I'll see you in
the next video peace out if you want to
max out your setup with a sick game and
chair and go to GT Omega racing calm and
use code mods for a five percent
discount
