so today we have something a little bit
weird and I'm saying that because we are
literally going to be reacting to weird
videos I don't know what to expect from
this basically about a week ago on
Twitter I tweet now I'm asked for you
guys to link me some weird videos to
react to and that's what we're gonna be
doing today
so finebros i'm sorry but like please
don't copyright me honestly guys I think
that's why for the intro like I
literally don't know what else to say
we're gonna be wrapped into weird videos
I don't know what to expect and them
yeah I guess let's just get started
oh no well looks like today we're going
to be taking a trip to the dark side of
YouTube what I'm what this what is this
I'm sorry but what's going on here oh my
god this is 6.3 million views what is
this supposed to be modern theater I
don't understand I'm definitely gonna be
having nightmares today
oh no that face
by the day
water oh I feel physically and
emotionally scarred what oh no what are
you doing now don't put it in your mouth
oh yeah of course he cause he puts in
his mouth that's what she said yeah this
video made me regret every single
decision in my life that has led me to
this very moment in time I now
contemplate my very existence every
living thing is born without reason
prolongs out of weakness and dies by
chance I'm gonna go out sex with a
shampoo ball now I think this is the
funniest video I've ever seen that funny
are you mad
I have the strangest boner right now
nope that does it for this video
oh my god oh god what are you doing why
does she look so much like honey Boo
Boo's mom surely I'm not the only one
that thinks she looks a lot like honey
Boo Boo's mom please stop this oh my god
I bear in mind guys it is quite late
when I'm recording this I think I'm
gonna have nightmares and she's
terrified will Greg's on fire look at
him he's got the tambourine and
everything he is taking that he's hittin
this hard he is not messing about Oh Oh
God
what is he doing Jesus what why would
you why is he doing who is it
yeah you know that just definitely
deserve to subscribe and alike
oh dear me
I am definitely on the word side of
YouTube
oh I'm contemplating my life oh my god
yep nah no oh my god what is going on
here
stop this oh you got a lot of good best
comedy ah ah oh god why let's do this
for hundred twenty-five thousand
subscribers oh my god
That moment when you so out of ideas
that you have to literally drill
yourself for a video Oh God look at them
teeth I've honestly contemplating
suicide right now please stop just just
stop man my name is Ellen here and I'm
17 I'm just a regular severely cheap
Olimpia and I am addicted to pretending
to be furniture I'm sorry what I think I
was just love doing all my life oh my
god no yeah I've got to be kidding me
you know one sort of Christmas my Aunt
Rose very sad for me what the fuck did I
sort of recalled it remembered it I wish
she'd do it again
I have to do it's a compulsion I'll be
doing you know the washing up some sort
of breaking with you know day-to-day
activity and I'll remember that I just
love being furniture I have just turned
to do oh my god no this has got to be
porn I refuse to believe this is real I
don't think she has no idea I am very
aware of the
oh no this is guy oh my god no I saw
this as a child and it gave me
nightmares like a week and how my pores
are so oh my
Jesus I love my job I love my wife
I fuckin down with my life watching this
shit babies ice cream your wink and nod
and hug
I am never in ice you again holy shit
duster this is a special don't you dust
a commercial little baby's ice cream
dies an advert how is it always on
another tire gear shine
Bruce's France Baskin battle Jasper
gasps that's our window go to the gym to
two dumbbells I'm going in Oh sy this
guy must been his mid-forties face boys
big please I don't know when he's doing
this stop just stop man oh my god also
with the more you music you never been
on a diet
oh yeah diet this guy's clearly going my
way honestly guys I don't know how he
does it like I'm a pretty porky guy well
I don't go and eat like 25 Big Macs and
massive bowls of cheese every day oh my
god ah fighting fit
Oh No that's it oh not now no no or not
now guys we're doing boy I hope you've
enjoyed this video
reacting to some of the weirdest videos
on the Internet
that's pretty much it guys if you always
use again then I guess I will do we just
visited the web side of the Internet and
I don't think I'm gonna sleep tonight
my head is absolutely killing me Oh
killed anyway if we could smash 3,500
likes on this video that I'd be amazing
tell me what you thought in the
conversation below there hopefully the
finebros don't find this video or
there'll be a little bit of a problem
we'll probably get striped and that
obviously won't be good also guys as you
may know Sheffield Wednesday my team I
play Hull City at Wembley on Saturday to
see who gets promoted to the Premier
League and throughout the game I'm gonna
be using an app called crowd scores to
talk to some of you guys about the game
so if you're a fan of Wednesday or ho or
you just want to talk to me about the
game then get on crowd scores my name is
literally just morgs boys always got his
ugly mugs you guys been awesome and I'll
see you in the next video peace out and
Joey if you're watching this it's time
to stop see ya
