show yourself
Wow c'mon
today I'm gonna be making this
controller into a Deimos dangerous
controller of all time with the help of
all of this stuff right here we've got
the Pens the small nail the medium nail
the big nail the Sun paper Mama's gonna
be playing for night with it absolutely
not no kids we are trained professionals
danger is my middle name
you're a kid you should be trying this
at home oh now if you're new to the
channel guys and see my beautiful face
subscribe to me subscribe to me like you
crazy
my fingers will never be the same after
this video I just need your attention
everybody look this way I'm gonna put an
old switcheroo you know that I'm talking
about clickbait click beds you know that
it really ain't nothing new
I'm gonna put a dope image on the video
to raise up the views you can say that
I'm lying you can say that I'm trippin
but I just need you to click it I caught
a good business I know you wanna come
see this
I make it very intriguing when I start
my videos like you won't believe this a
oh my goodness guys just be nice to this
fucking controller scares me but while
we wait for the glue to sell the
controller I'm gonna tell you guys about
my favorite I've been playing loads
Warren boss is a free d6 v6 multiplayer
strategy game with over 90 million
people playing you can pick your own
robot with all the robots maps and game
moves been updated so frequently it
never gets boring I love using the
Griffon and attacking from the air and
if you click my link in the description
to download the app you'll receive a
huge starter pack with one Griffin robot
2-pin weapons - - lumbers weapons 100
gold and 400,000 silver
because I think it's time we go upstairs
and play some fortnight's control I
think I'm definitely gonna need to wear
the four nightmare for some good luck
and you excited mum because you're
having the first game oh I'm just so
busy a world but I've got to come clean
the goldfish tank ow yeah we don't have
a golf we jail no mum we don't have the
goldfish
okay guys it's a little sell right now
as you can see I'm in a game of
fortnight I'm on Carey's xbox they'll
tell if I actually used her controller
for this video because I want to use
mine but yet guys as you can see I've
got a controller come down here just so
you can see the sulphur and I'm gonna
have to go through for this video and
also guys when you thought this
challenge you couldn't already get hard
enough I'm gonna be chopping till two
towers because like this is already
gonna be hard like we made they'll just
make extra hard okay I found a house
guys we have company oh no jump jump
jump jump jump jump I've got a pistol
how do I collect it no I got it I got it
I got it oh we got a shotgun let's go
no come on we got this guy
this guide 7l I just like to get one
shots on him and we placed 69 guys for
goodness sake let's let's let's give
this another go but every house has been
taken every flipping house oh my gosh
this guy is gonna be faster than me
because I've got this stupid can JA we
got a weapon X X X that nobody stopped
me wait did I did I game technically
gonna kill with the date just get over
this is literally so much harder than it
looks
come on baby come on I got this oh no
all the weapons weapon get it oh we got
a weapon early kill I'm getting this guy
here early kill come on ok come on guys
this is it this is the game where we
finally got kill with the dangerous
controller thanks ah okay thanks
drink the slurp okay come on buddy come
on buddy
a few moments later oh my gosh you know
what guys I think I know what what the
problem is the problem is obviously Xbox
do you not want it I'm sorry Xbox I
shouldn't have betrayed you you're the
only one I can win on and also guys my
only did I not use my xbox I wasn't even
wearing the fortnight merch
this is the hoodie but I got my first
ever for night winning this is the
hoodie that has the good luck charm guys
so I'm gonna connect the dangerous
controller to my xbox I'm gonna get the
merch on and we're gonna play one more
game
okay here we go no more time for messing
about I'm fed up of all the games I'm
fed up I'm just gonna get my fingers I
don't care if they get caught would
maybe shed but I don't care I'm jetting
this flipping wheel Oh first enemy has
been spotted mister noob come out come
out wherever you are no your round here
he didn't even have a weapon I'm a
savage bro thanks for the bandages I'll
take them off your hands let's go bro
you weren't covered that was a bad idea
you should have stayed behind that wood
bro I had my shot all I had to do was
press down the trigger bro no problem
that's kill number 2 boys and girls
fatal fields just became more fields oh
hey all wait two guys fighting those
guys are stupid for thinking they could
fire out in the open bro I was obviously
gonna be there watching Oh next victim
next victim let's go beat up I stopped
myself come on come on come on that's
one oh wait we gave chopping so else
guys yo yo yo you've made a big mistake
bro did you not see me just melt those
are the two guys yeah you flippin better
hide you flippin better hi bro
bro it doesn't matter if I'm using a
dangerous controller Pro I'll still mail
your ass five kills guys with the
dangerous controller bro we're going for
the win I don't even care
I'm not even gonna celebrate grow I'm
not even gonna celebrate damn guys the
storms gonna get the loo but you know
what I don't even need it oh the hell do
you think you're doing bro you just made
the biggest mistake of your life Oh
close though we know don't you defend
bro stop building bro we've got this
come on oh there we go there we go I got
it I got it guys seven flippin kills
only five other people left ok Supply
Drop goon a launcher no truck joke we
got big shield
ok I'm drinking the big shield i'ma grab
that should jog y'all let's go let's go
I don't even need that other sniper
let's go wait what
Oh
as I was running up the stairs it would
have been came over only pill the people
left guys we might actually win this
like actually win this okay tomorrow
oh my goes with the danger controller
just say you say you've got way on the
dangers controller yeah I just got
another win on for tonight using the
dangers control how crazy is that
wait a minute Morgan what's on your
hands
oh this that's not the dangerous
controller you cheat sit you said you're
gonna use the dangerous one no this this
is the dangerous controller Lucas is a
creeper no it's not
Morgan everything that people say about
you is true you're just a click bait sir
yeah yeah okay it wasn't with the
dangerous controller but I did just get
a win Morgan I'm just shocked this is
shocking I'm so the shocking I'm shocked
and Shh I'm shocked by you shocking
it's just shopping
so in
absolutely stopping
what
just
shocked and shocking
well guys I'm a vlogger when using the
dangerous controller but I did get
another win wearing this merch so you
know what that means the fortnight merch
is still the best thing to wear while
playing for night if you club summers
merge it will make you 97% better at
fortnight I caught the merch and now I'm
better than mini ok maybe not better
than ninja but I'm getting there guys
the link to the merch is in the
description down below and also as you
know we just dropped these epic new
phone cases super high quality and they
fit any phone john watching this we've
got your phone so you know why not go
get one
Jake you two we've got one of these for
your phone as well and don't think I'd
forget about you Caitlin we've got a
case for you as well bro link in the
description Dory wwm orgs Co go get
yourself some merch and also I know a
lot of you will have already clicked off
the video and you won't be watching to
this point but I know there'll be a few
of you who are still watching right now
and you know what if you watch right to
the end I want to reward you guys so I'm
literally not gonna tell anyone about
this but you guys that are still
watching the video right now if you use
code merge squad at checkout when buying
something merch just for you guys I'll
give you 10% off just because you
watched till the end no one else is
gonna know about this but you guys use
code merch squad if you want to get 10%
off thank you guys so much for watching
I've been told you guys been awesome and
I'll see you in my next video peace out
