yes yes yes another draft video another
one another one another one another one
another one
and another one and another one if you
want some fifa coins or you want to open
some parts then FIFA UT store is the
place to be they are so cheap and also
very fast and reliable they've been
around since P 4:12 so they have one of
the best reputations go in and if you
want to save yourself ten percent off
your order then remember to use code
mobs at checkout yo guys it's morgs and
today we have another FIFA 16 foot draft
video and this one is a little bit
different to the other ones so in the
last video in the last draft video we
got our 190 which I thought at the time
was pretty good but then since that
video I've gone not one but two more one
90s so today we're gonna we're gonna
step it up a level so in this video
we're gonna be aiming for a 101 or a 192
now the 192 is possible the 191 is
possible is the one known free possible
let me know in the comment section below
just editing the video now guys and I
have to say this is by far the most
incredible JAF video on my channel and
one the most incredible ones I've ever
seen so guys trust me when I say you
need to watch till the end by the way
guys if we can smash 3,000 likes on this
video then I will do another updated set
up top if I know you guys love the setup
tours and a lot has changed since last
time so 3,000 lights and we'll do
another settle talk so first draft and
we have got a pretty average set of
formations we're gonna go for the 4 3 2
1 just because we got those right
forwards unlike forwards and there we go
that isn't interesting set of choices so
we've got the brand-new Tevez card but I
think what I'm gonna do there is go for
Felipe Luiz just because he looks like a
good Gordon he's 89 Brigid and that's a
good ring for a left bag
I'm predicting it right now guys 98
Suarez oh no I'm not gonna take that
normal Benzema I'm gonna go with 89
higway in and move on to the right
forward can we get a messy yes we come
boys the team of the year that's a
pretty good card well it's not a pretty
good card it's ninety nine rate it's
like the best card anyway left forward
now a Ronaldo would be nice and there we
go all pleasing guys and already both 99
rail players are in the team gonna move
on to
keeper now hopefully get BBJ keepo
Iniesta or mod rich racket each I mean
he's not bad I'll take I'll take him and
move on to the center box now and we
have got ourselves a t9 Mascherano I've
never got a card in a draft before so
I'm excited right back now we need
something good here we need a hole so
we've got Martinez who is the BBVA
player but we cannot turned out eight
six bellowing guys this is actually a
really tough decision do we go with 85
Alvers 92 Neymar or 92 Suarez I want to
go in 85 Alvers but I can't I'm just
gonna go with the 92 Suarez and just get
him in the squad come on then oh my
goodness
94 ramos is gone after me it's a
no-brainer we'll get him in the side now
we'll go to the keeper if we can get
someone good here we could be on for a
very high rated draft you know Elvis
that's not too bad that's an improvement
to kassir so there we go the team is
done the midfield is weak the defense
though and the attack are very strong so
I'm gonna do is organize the bench this
could even be a 1 9 1 maybe I'm being a
bit optimistic but why the hell not
versus all of this if we get a manager
which adds to chemistry to the team then
that means we will have a 190 in our
first draft so what we're gonna do now
is bring in a manager and hope that we
get a good one
that does not fit that does not fit that
duck is or by 1 1999 camera that just
nothing oh no don't tell me we're gonna
be missing out on this one 90 by 1 CEM
come on all we need is
Oh Oh 190 there we go guys
a 190 in our first draft
now that is a brilliant start as you can
see and to be honest guys I think that
is one of the best games I've ever had
we've got a full blue defense
we've got Ronaldo Neymar Suarez Messi
racket egde if we had any s - all Modric
in that team
I reckon that could have been a 191 who
looks like it's time for the second
draft of this video and the formation
we're gonna be using is the none of
these formations have wingers a few
moments later well there we go guys
second draft complete 179 squad rayon as
you can tell bloody fantastic now joking
absolutely terrible anyway next draft no
no no how can you give me no wing goes
two times in a row
this game is absolute aids a few inches
later so we didn't get it to a 190 but a
189 with one of the worst formations for
getting the high rate drafts you guys
have built a lot of drafts we'll know
that you don't usually get high rated
with a 4-4-2 formation so I'm actually
very happy with that draft yes we got
some wingers guys got free four to one
this is a pretty good formation can we
get a good start guys that's alright I'm
gonna go with 96 Messi that's that's
pretty good gotta be Ronaldo it's gotta
be Ronaldo y'all there we go guys 99 min
ago now we're gonna move on to the
midfield now and hopefully get NES stuff
do we go with 8 to 9 and yester or 93
now I'm gonna go with NES so I've got to
I've got to get the chemistry all right
then come on we need a good sense about
for this team 90 golden is one of the
best you can get so I'm happy with that
ok 19 of us that is a really really good
goalkeeper it's 90 rated already so
we've got bail we've got messy we've got
Ronaldo but we haven't got striker or
Neymar so we do need Neymar and a good
striker
so hopefully we can get that on the
reserves it's not the best start how to
either get there's Neymar there is
Neymar okay brilliant so we got the name
off all we need now is a good striker
and we should be on for a good roughness
boys or Benzema come on
no a good striker Oh cave I can is a
friggin good striker but he gets
absolutely no links with anyone ok there
we go it's a 189 even with Kane in the
squad this is looking very good we've
got some high rated players in the
reserves
can we get ourselves another 190 coming
us of the second 190 of this video come
on we got a few more changes to make
eyes it's not changing it's actually not
changing I swear down if this isn't a
one-night thing I'm gonna be really
annoyed we got order the bench Oh No nah
don't be telling me this isn't a 190
look at the team look at the team no
ways it's not this is not a 190 hi guys
no more messing about we're gonna get
into the diet coke draft now let's just
hope that this can help was like every
time I drink a Diet Coke kind of playing
Fifa good things tend to happen okay we
got the free fall free that is the first
time we've got the free for free in this
video good sign already and some of the
worst captain choices I think I've ever
seen except for the 95 Hulk who was a
brand new card and ooh I'm gonna go with
because he looks insane
now Messi here would be very nice they
go 98 Messi now Suarez or Benzema would
be very nice and there you go freakin
ninety Benzema now if we get Ronaldo
here we're on for big things
no we didn't but we've got 96 name are
just as good pretty much gonna move on
to midfield now and hopefully get
someone good here look at the ratings of
those five players ninety six ninety
eighty nine ninety eight and ninety five
this draft is going to be very high
rated no freakin way
oh my god this draft is looking
sensational 91 rated and we haven't even
started on the reserves oh my god
come on Ronaldo we got bail we got bail
I'll take the bail what is going on here
we've got the Ronaldo come into the
squad we've got a 93 it is 93 raters
what the hell another high rated player
89 is still 90 - come on please okay
let's go is
is perfect disco is freakin perfect Isco
is going to help us out so so much here
ESCO could honestly be the game changer
oh we got 90 by it we've got 90 million
to meet you buy it
listen we've got given us this is oh my
god guys oh my god oh my god
okay we've got the 190 right we have got
the 190 already confirmed come again 191
the highest I've ever got is a 190 is
that gonna change today but we're good
at even mean to post manager we've got
one nine more Oh almost like that is
honestly incredible we see ourselves the
goal of 191 and we've just literally
gonna frickin demolished it oh my God
look at that team we were that close to
192 but we're just going to focus on the
positives because the positives are that
draft is insane and it was a freakin
diet coke draft again good start guys 93
mod rich I'm going yet so I'm just going
to go with him there we go 97 Suarez Wow
Ronaldo Ronaldo Ronaldo oh we are an
older what's the shit one we're gonna go
with 92 Neymar 92 hours Dom I didn't
notice that oh Christ
of like I love us the two pretty much
best BBVA keepers winner with Navas well
that may be one of the most frustrating
drafts I think we have had all day 90
1899 chemistry oh good alright at least
we actually got wingers this time for
free free captain is gonna be will go
with Tevez we need up we need a messy
here there we go 99 Messi and now we
need a Ronaldo can we get the 99 no but
we got the 95 we'll go with a 95 it's
not too bad get it with pepper here
because I want a better Godin than 86 I
mean there's like a 95 a thing come we
need a Danny Oliver's team of the season
I meant team of the year
I'm we're going we're gonna move on to
the reserves now and 95 Benzema is a
very very good start but we need a few
more good BBVA players like Neymar what
you hatin enough I'm not sure I'm gonna
go Cavani I can't take a normal name are
oh my god no six guys I'm a tactical
genius we've got the 96 Neymar oh my god
this is looking very good
we have got ninth one right in with
knife or chemistry guys oh my goodness
gracious
Modric 93 oh my god guys so we've added
the manager and we've got +2 chemistry
we have got a 91 rated team with 99
chemistry let me change per a ho for
Mikey Co and let's get this bench
ordered we could honestly have something
insane here we could have another one
nine one Oh
got it oh god of the one I want oh my
god we've got you one I want him on
video
nah I oh my god oh my god this is
literally the most insane or drop video
ever oh my god I cannot believe it I
cannot believe this we have managed to
get ourselves to one nine ones in one
video as well as I think it was free one
90s so highs eyes the end of this pretty
incredible foot draft video now I'm
amazed 2 1 9 1 foot drafts before this
video I'd never had a 1 9 1 and we've
just gotten got 2 in 1 video if that
does not deserve a like what the hell
does and as well as that what did we get
three one 90s - one 90s I don't know but
honestly this video has just been
amazing so yeah if you could smash your
like that I'd be incredible if we could
get 3500 likes that I've made my dad I
mean the world to me but yeah as always
I've been morgues you guys been awesome
and I'll see you in the next video peace
Oh
