guys I have found the best coin side
ether coin calm they are so cheap I'm
really really reliable if you've got
mugs at checkout you'll get yourself
five percent off yo guys it's logs and
today we have a pretty special pack
opening but just before we get into this
pack opening I just want to quickly say
I've just got home
about 10 minutes ago from the Sheffield
Wednesday Brian game first leg of the
playoffs - no victory probably the best
game of my life like it was completely
mental the atmosphere was great served
my voice is sounding a little bit
abnormal in this video you know why my
voice is pretty croaky all the time
though so there probably won't be that
much of a difference by the way guys
what we have in this video is another
team of the season pack opening and it
is the Bundesliga team of the season now
put a picture of it on the screen right
now as usual and I just have just one
word Obama yang do I have to even say
anything about that card just look at it
man oh my God if I pack that shit's
gonna get real anyway guys to make this
pack open up a bit I've tweeted out on
my Twitter which is Mortensen link in
the description as always and I've said
basically hit me with some superstitions
because for every yes every pack in this
video there will be a superstition so
let's just get started with this boys
got the controller let's do this
alright so I've literally just got home
so don't know what pucks we have we're
gonna check the store and 25k planets
not a bad start you know what we'll
overs and 35k packs plovers for 15k
packs let's just hope we get something
good
first superstition where I've got is a
glasses pack and I came prepared
don't ask what these are by the way I
literally just found them like what the
why even all these things first pack
glasses Park 353 points by come on then
who we got please oh do I see not the
best start guys we are either very close
to 10k followers on Twitter or Achtung k
followers on Twitter so all I ask that
if you don't follow me on there go and
you know check out and give me a follow
because it whip it we're almost there
that I need your guy's help because like
Twitter I use it a lot and to get 10 K
followers on there would be sick okay
we've got a 2 pack bang Oh fine there we
go open up with my tail who are we going
yeah come on baby oh not even a rare Oh
God
oh yeah come on man and okay we're gonna
to probably the most overused Park
superstition in FIFA history the good
old nose pack
bang bang bang bang bang I've done that
one so much I'm getting quicker all
right then come on nose pack gets those
I just don't even want to know God
Christ okay so we've got ourselves
snapchat pack again donut meal there if
you haven't already the exact same is my
twitter marks Woodson BOTS we're gonna
do get this putt open there we go we're
gonna start recording for snapchat
midway through our video guys
snapchat pack who's that Ivanovich sick
someone has literally said yellow pack I
don't know how this is gonna work but
like I'll give it a go it's just isn't
this isn't going well what the hell is
this putt okay we just did it somehow
the earlobe packets can we start a new
trend form well if you want to get
yourself a cheering nonresident do the
yellow part okay we're gonna do a 15k
pack and for the superstition for this
one someone as likely said the no react
pack so we'll literally no reaction I
kind of want to react to that that's a
good player okay so the no react pack
apps it goes pk
I'm not gonna lie PJ's a pretty good
player so I'm actually quite happy oh
shit I've got to superstition not good
Oh Oliver what the hell the new
superstition Pathak yes just Oliver what
a player
I'm actually really chuffed with that oh
wow Oh new Bundesliga player but he
wasn't even team this season
okay so we're gonna go for the glasses
pack again but this time we're gonna put
him on upside-down what nah what is this
oh is that anyone stand on one foot pack
I've never listened before so I'm gonna
do it we got an 84 we don't keeper this
Daniel one fuck who left this comment
who left this new position
Benjamin you legend you just got the
team of the season cow Moos I don't care
what Rania's what a player oh my god
what does it prove guys bang exit bang
exit what a player oh my god we actually
got one with a superstition subscriber
that is so sick we're gonna open a few
more packs guys but yes we've got
another team of the season and we're
gonna listen to a few more subscribers
now and go for another one jump on the
bed pack I I'm down for this the bed is
back there we're gonna move the chair to
the side get this pack open there we go
so be honest guys I'm surprised like
jumping cause bloody earthquake free
spins on your swegway pack again I'm
freaking down for this spine there we go
come on three spins I'm dizzy so look at
those superstitions on us or discard
pack now it's trying to avoid this but
I've seen it friggin four times already
so we're gonna open this pack turn round
and what we're gonna do is we're gonna
not see what is on the screen right now
oh I didn't I didn't oh I didn't do that
very well I don't really care about this
garden that guys I'm not gonna lie
final pack now and we're gonna do the
pork pack Harry's guys so I've got me
set up and we're gonna get this poor
here's just open that guy's who knows
the self in that pack come on baby we're
gonna get oh it's up to pie
Jimmy that's pretty good pop you know
all right for real this is the final
part now and what we're gonna do is do I
leave the room pack there we go we're
off oh wow I refuse to take now is the
final pie so what we're gonna do now is
do another final pot but I'm being safe
now guys this this will be the final
pack and for this final pack we're gonna
do the carbon fiber control apart
because this is charging and I'm got use
again what an end of the video guys for
the inform Davey's getting whatever for
my voice I don't physically think I can
keep okay yes guys what's a fucking open
it so there we go guys that is the end
of this pack opening and here we are in
my club as you can see we got this blue
wall how we use yeah looks like a pretty
good player look at them stashed here
eighty six eighty eight eighty five
absolutely chuffed to get that guy's and
then we got inform Stephen Davies not
the best inform but you know pretty
solid start it's a pretty good be PR
midfielder and then we got PK we got
Alaba we got some good good players guys
but I hope you have enjoyed the video
I'm stoked my croaky voice boy if you've
enjoyed and please much alike if we
could get I'm gonna go if we could get
three thousand likes on this video that
would be absolutely insane guys support
the Melbourne has been on point
thank you all so much for all the
support on my 100,000 subscriber special
if you haven't already go follow me on
Twitter for updates on everything we are
very close to 10k I may even be their
God I don't know but that is about it
for me boys say was always I've been
more you guys
and I'll see you in the next video peace
out
