so today started like any other day I
got out of bed sat down at my desk and
then turned on ps4 I decided to go on
FIFA and open some parks FIFA 16 can't
wait for this oh look at that we've got
the BPL team of the season and we've got
an informer loss let's let's open some
parks pack after pack went by
Oh still no good players alright maybe
maybe that was just a bit of a bluff
let's do another one in ei should be
giving me something good now right and
another another fall fall discard the
rage built inside me until finally I
gave up you know what I'm sorry but I'm
actually done FIFA go away
yo guys it's morgues and today we have a
FIFA 16 BPL team of the season pack
opening but this one's a little bit
different to what you should be used to
now this one isn't done on FIFA now you
may be thinking what how can you do a
FIFA pack opening but not on FIFA I'm
going to show you so basically guys I
found a website called FIFA UT store
comm and you may recognize it from a few
different youtubers now I've heard about
this from people saying that this
website actually gives you better pack
look than EA themselves now I'm not sure
about this and that's what we're going
to be doing today we're going to be
testing out and we're going to be
opening some packs on this website now
the first thing you have to do is buy
fifa ut store credits now these are a
bit like FIFA points because you'll get
these you're then use the credits to
open packs and then once you finish
opening packs and got your money you can
then transfer that back onto your
Ultimate Team account so why I've done
is bought some credits I'm going to now
open some parks and then what I can do
is transfer that back onto my account
later right so here is the PAC screen
and as you can see these are all the
packs available and I'm not going to lie
some of these look really interesting so
today we're going to be opening the team
of the season ones because we want to
get some of those team of the season VPL
players as you guys know we could not
get them on FIFA so hopefully we can get
them on this website so we've got the
100k packs we've got 250 K packs 500 K
packs and the big 1 million coin pack so
first of all what we're gonna do is just
literally click open on 100 K pack and
see what return we get and oh what a
star guys 137 Kage return that means
from one pack we have made 37 K yes guys
is a great start 137 K so now let's say
you bought 100 K coins an open 100 K
pack you could now get that 137 K and
then put it back onto your account so
you will have just made 37 K profit do
you know what let's smash into another
hundred K pack because we seem to be
getting good luck from these things and
there we go
117 K we got Chiellini we are de bruyne
the hey're Hulk Muller what a pack guys
you know what time it is it's time for
the diet coke
and we are gonna do a 250 K pack I then
come on oh oh my god 360 games what what
oh my god I am shocked
we got strike a bail on team in the
season drink water
guys this website is incredible we have
got ourselves a 110 K profit from what
bad
do you guys know what time is it's time
for the 500 K pack oh my god I don't
know how these are going to be see the
requirements in these packs or at least
two team of the season players okay
a 500 K part I'm gonna cross my fingers
please give me something good please oh
my god 700 K return team of the season
morgan team of the season george team
season our lower cumulus season jimenez
an team of season says our Pogba sanchez
striker Robin this website man why is
going on do you know what let's do
another 500k pack oh my god we got body
I'm messy and Ally oh my god this
website is incredible we just made all
those 2 million profit from 1 pack what
is actually going on here
Bosco's messi bestows various Smalling
bail bail or in ally body
oh my god now what we're going to do is
move on to the big 1 million coin pack
now in this pack you have 16 players and
you are guaranteed at least 190 plus
rated team of the season card Wow
alright then please come on come on
please please oh my god we got fire I'm
swollen I'm bellowing I mean although we
call Ronaldo
oh my god 1.8 million return we just
made another 800 K oh my god guys we're
gonna move on and we're gonna do another
1 million coin back and just hope that
we get something good
all right there we go not the best
package but you know that's only about
250 K loss we got some great players oh
we got buckets we got Neymar we got
blowin down ski agüero bail Robin and
some random silver team of the season
that no one really cares about but you
know you can't get a 1 million coins
profit in every pack so we're going to
put that one to the side and you know
what we're gonna do another 1 million
coin pack all right then
please write 94 years old
93 check 90 biscuits 80 agüero 87 Bale
1.49
7 million coins now we're going to do a
legend pack now which is 750 K and this
just has at least one legend in it so
come on let's try and get good legend
there we go who's been done guys over
300,000 coins profit from one pack yet
again right boys it's time for the final
part the team of the Year Park this is 1
million to open so this is joined most
expensive with the team of the season
pack what we're going to get o Nemo Nemo
I'm Teddy showing them oh my god
and Eber Andy bruh and even New Jersey
bruh guys it I've done it I've completed
FIFA I've completed fee for UT store
I've done it and now literally to get my
coins onto my account
all I would have to do is go to withdraw
and then select my preferred method and
let's say I wanted to do it for a player
auction then I'd have to choose how much
I want to with your let's say I want to
do like 100k and then just do customize
withdrawal get the player selected and
there we go the coins will be on my
account but guys that is the end of this
FIFA pack opening I guess you could say
I'll call a P for UT store pack opening
so guys if you do want to check out fee
for UT store there will be a link to
them
description below if you feel like
actually opening some packs on there and
you know actually getting some profit
for once then you can go do that
with us up to you I'm just honestly
overwhelmed with the pack that we got
you know we've got some insane players
we got basically every BPL team of the
season available we got some team of the
year cards even some legends I'm just
really happy right now but if you have
enjoyed the video then please much alike
if we could get 3,000 likes that would
be amazing as always
I've been more you guys have been
awesome and I'll see you in the next
video peace out
