if you want to max out your setup with a
sick game and chairman go to GT omega
racing calm and use code mods for 5%
discount know yo guys it's mogs and
today we have my first BPL team of the
season pack open it and oh my god guys
I'm not gonna lie I am so excited for
this team of the season park opening so
you may know by now the BPL team of the
season is out impacts for everybody to
get so I'll have a picture of it on the
screen right now and as you can see
there is just some incredible players in
there that Marius card looks incredible
you've got VAR d Kane looks incredible
you've got pie it basil and then some
sick defenders like small into this team
just looks incredible and today we have
a lot of points ready to open some packs
and hopefully pack one of these beasts
team of the season players also this is
pretty important news as you guys may
know by now we are extremely close to
100,000 subscribers as you can see just
by looking down there we are currently
at about ninety six thousand now you may
know that i recently got sponsored with
GT omega and what they've actually said
they can do for me is actually give me a
chair to give away to you guys for a
100,000 subscribers special yes a GT
Omega chair giveaway now these things
are quite expensive you know we're
talking over 150 pounds so this is a
pretty big giveaway so in order for this
giveaway to happen let's smash 3000
likes on this video and if we can it
3000 likes on this video then in my
100,000 subscriber special I will
announce the giveaway of a GT Omega
racing chair but what we are gonna do
now is load up FIFA get some packs
opened and hopefully Park one of these
team of the season players first pack we
get nothing honestly lies a full discard
we haven't got dinged in there worth
keeping we're gonna crack into another
one here come on second pack a little
bit of look for the second pack I don't
know oh we got we got earth Moyer Carol
alright guys what I have done is tweeted
out over on my Twitter which is mark's
Woodsen link in the description and I've
tweeted out saying guys give me some
superstitions for today's pack open it
gonna do some of them right now so first
thing we're gonna do is a standard nose
puck I'm gonna go a little bit boring
here just get someone out the way fine
there we go
nose pack is complete now can we get
something good please give me a team of
the season oh we got a hospital of
Quetta it was a pretty decent player I
guess but no team the season do you know
what let's mix it up let's go for a 15k
pack I don't know why I usually don't
get good look in these things but we'll
give it a go
for this pack who were gonna get all the
Tongan he's centre-back partner God's
here with the season but he didn't so
that's not good okay someone has said
swegway pack so we're gonna go jump on
the swegway get this pack opened alright
then here we are on the swag way we're
gonna do this part I don't know if we
can even see me
we got storage shoes there we go if the
pack is open bang we're not Schneider
that isn't nice I'm very good hi then EA
please can you give me something I've
spent a lot of money so far and you've
given me nothing right wing Oh Missy it
could have been messy right wing
Argentine that could have been messy oh
we just got trolled Oh Morales couldn't
you just give me like a cou island so
someone on Twitter recommended we do a
diet coke pack over team of the year I
did this Hut and got myself a team of
the year so we're all gonna do it again
right now took a drink of the diet coke
Oh anyone oh the diet coke but let me
down why don't we got one we got Funes
Maury
what the hell what what's going on thank
you Mike easy right we've got blue with
dog blue but it isn't even a team of the
season ppl blue is everything normal one
it's the most consistent one I mean I'll
take it but like I wanted to beat the
l-bomb guys
nevertheless guys get in we've got
ourselves a blue what
oh we're vegans oh haha that's actually
a really good point go we just didn't
even react to that at all 87 rated
hammers Rodriguez I'm
that guys I'm gonna I'm gonna taking
that Pedro not good get discarded who we
got come on another Pike another 25k
backfield in 50 these ones Oh Jefferson
why is these Pike's oh good come on I've
got to get something please give me
something damn it come on skip skip skip
who they're gonna be Oh boomer tank sink
good player all right guys so it's about
six hours after I recorded the park
opening that you just saw it's a little
bit dark now the light wasn't great but
I just got home and I was editing back
the park opening obviously and I and I
saw we got some good players but I just
thought and the pack opening wasn't
quite there if you get me so why I'm
gonna cheer now is open more parks I
have a serious addiction and it's no
good and basically what we're gonna be
doing now is just smashing into more
parks and actually trying to get a BPL
team of the season because we've got our
most consistent one but we just think
our BPL ones so that's what we are gonna
be doing right now
all right so we're not gonna be opening
a massive amount of pucks but we just
want something you know I mean we're
just want to carry on till we actually
get something oh oh that could have been
a good start but now it was only it was
only Draxler come on then is this the
pack oh oh no it's definitely not the
pack oh my god I just realized it's
jeweler says are you going in the most
consistent Oh welcome weekend all of the
old team of seasoned players now that
the new ones out I actually hate the a
man they're so stingy
oh no that is a Cho Chua dog crikey
I think come on we're getting a little
bit bored now I just want something fun
they seem to be really tight at the
moment and look at that like that's what
I mean we're just no gain no one
oh my god we got one guys
lastly got one we call campaign wiggle
 campaign campaign oh we got the
less time on himself
callate oh my god I can't believe it we
actually got 180 reasons sentiment
Fionna campaign how was this happened
how has this happened guys were calling
this was the best decision I think I've
ever made oh my god come Jane I am so
happy guys I don't know if you can tell
I am really really happy I cannot
believe we have actually just got a beat
me L want like he was in the consistent
one but he's also in the BPL one so that
counts we have got selves a BPL team of
the season player I cannot believe it
guys look this is 100% real as you can
see we're scrolling through one we also
got Ruiz in the same pack voice and
Conte in the same pack that is
incredible oh my god I am genuinely
shocked like that ice took me completely
off of guard guys and I'm really really
happy all right so the final puck and
this actually is the final pipe now
we're gonna get into it I'm not
expecting anything I mean we just got
can't say there we go nothing special in
fact that's a terrible puck but guys I
really really hope you have enjoyed the
video if you have then please smash like
that would honestly mean the world to me
as I said 3,000 likes and I'll be giving
away a freakin GT Omega chair as part of
my hundred K special four days only if
we smash three thousand likes if we can
do that that mean the world to me and it
means that you guys get the chance to
get yourself a GT Omega chair so it's a
win-win situation anyway I really hope
you have enjoyed this video and if you
are new to the channel then please hit
that subscribe button and also feel free
to ask any questions or leave any
feedback in the comment section below
I try my best to respond to as many as I
can but as always I've been lost you
guys have been awesome and I'll see you
in the next video please
Oh
you
