if you want some cheap and reliable
fifa16 coins and go to fifa coins FC
calm and use code molds at checkout for
a 10% discount yo guys it's mugs and
today what we have is a team of the
season foot left now may be asking me
what you mean what you're gonna be doing
today basically what we're gonna be
doing is a ton of hot drafts like of
them previously but now there is team of
the season most consistent available so
it gives us a lot more options and helps
us to get a one ninety or even higher
rated foot draft so what we are going to
be aiming for in this video is a 190 or
191 or maybe even a 192 guys this is my
first foot draft since team of the
season came out so I'm not really sure
what's waiting for honestly guys I'm
really excited to start this video
because the draft is so much fun but now
we have those epic team of the season
cards available it's just gonna make it
even more fun so let's get started also
guys be sure to go and follow me on
twitter because i update everything on
there including a lot of stuff over the
team the season right so the first foot
draft for this episode and we're gonna
enter with 300 fifa points but of click
yes and see what formations we get i
think the best option there is actually
the 5-2 to one so that's what we are
going to go with bundler in can we get
messy okay we got messy but we also got
93 suarez so we're obviously gonna go
with 93 Suarez next we're gonna go
straight down to the reserves see what
we can get down here we could possibly
get some table of seasoned players down
here we're gonna have we're gonna see
okay so not the best start we've got the
striker Hulk will some decent players
that I think why I'm gonna go with is I
think I'll probably go with Tiago
actually I just realized I've been
hauling up control a really high up and
I'm not really sure why oh there we go
guys and now we're gonna move on to the
next position and we're gonna get
ourselves 92
Team of the Year dani alves that is a
brilliant player pretty decent reserves
we've got obviously Alvers I'm Ronaldo
the two main players they're two great
players now what we're gonna do is move
on to the right wing and cross our
fingers for Messi
no messy guys not the best but we did
gas Alves a tricky choice here we could
either go with a Mina for the BBVA link
it's all could go for a de Maria thing
gonna go with me - Lee centre mids on
there we go guys the first team of the
season and it is
someone from the MLS and I'm gonna go
with him just because I am aiming to get
a lot of team of seasoned players
racquet each would have also been a good
option but I think I cannot resist the
look of that team of the season card
would is gonna gave in the squad that
could have been a bad decision I am a
web I don't want to try out some of
these team of the season cards they look
immense so the next sentiment field of
spot-on ditches all Silver's not very
good not the best choices there
Mertesacker the best player we're gonna
have to go a massacre but out of hope
for better then now another centre back
position and we get ourselves 91 Thiago
Silva joined the team next player is au
86 he go guys I'm not sure what my voice
is doing but we got ourselves 86 rate to
PK now he joins a team we're gonna move
on now to the left wing we already have
Ronaldo to go there but we may want to
get out the way and 19 Neymar we're
gonna go with him just cuz he's from the
BBVA we could put him in midfield and
get renowned on the left wing that could
possibly work the team's looking pretty
good guys gonna go the left wing but now
I hope for someone like Marcelo not sure
if we're gonna get in oh no we didn't we
actually got a Clichy collar off no one
really good we'll just go with cliche
right wing but position we don't really
care about this but I'm gonna go with
that BBVA player to get me the team I'm
gonna replace motorcycle with him and
then get dani alves on the ride so
that's the starting 11 on the reserves
complete now we just have the bench do
so far I've got one team this season
and we've got bail too so let's add him
to the team now if we stick him there
and just play around with the position
in here we could possibly get higher
chemistry there we go we have 88
chemistry with an 89 rate team this is
looking good if we can get some good
midfielders oh there we go
another team of the season player this
team is looking great we're gonna go
with McCormick because I've been wanting
to try him again may not be the best
choice I just want to try out McCormick
because I think it's finishing it's
gonna be great final player in the team
and we've got goalkeepers and we still
have no BBVA keepers gonna go and Iker
Casillas
so there is the first squad complete a
pretty interest inside as you can see
283 Red Team of the seasons we got feel
haver
think that's how you say his name and we
also got team of the season McCormick
two great players along we've also
Timothy and Danny Elvis and team of the
Aaron Albert
the squad is pretty good but now what we
are gonna do is move on to the next
squad and see if we can get some more
team of the season players another one
another one another one so what we are
going to do now is smash into the second
draft and with me four points what
formations do we have we have the free
four to one which is the best one there
by far we're gonna just go with that and
see who we get the captain please messy
oh my god those the worst set of
captain's I've ever seen I think we're
gonna go Roy's I'm not sure if that's
the best choice rhymed anyway we're
gonna go Roy's now we're gonna move on
to the reserves and hope for some good
BBVA players and some team of the season
players oh look at that I have no clue
to go for here I think what we're gonna
do is go or dembélé
yeah we're gonna go with them belly just
because look at his stats man 90
dribbling eight to do pace a tissue and
the list goes on he looks like an
incredible card moving along here can we
get another team of seasoned and yes we
can
the same guy again and we're gonna go
with him could this be a draft where we
get like a full team of the season I
don't know probably not I'm probably I'm
probably like in gym in a bit too high
but anyway we'll move on again now Oh
91 although perfect guys moving on one
more time on the lock with future on out
sometimes I don't know who to go with
there see I want to go Neymar I'm gonna
have to go name our garden you have to
trust my gut instinct and just go with
Neymar oh my god we've got failed
striker we're gonna go with Bale striker
why the hell not can we get a team of
the season no week on the other Senate
mid position who I believe Oh 95 in
years so this team rating could be
massive ah no the defense is gonna ruin
it for our guys we're not getting no one
now
oh damn 87 Rodriguez joins the team gets
it by then who have we got towards the
end of the reserves
86 golden and we guide BBVA goalkeeper
just to finish it off place him in we've
got 97 chemistry
come get this 200 so not the best track
there but look at those two team of
seasoned players
Dembele his stats look amazing but guys
what we're gonna do now move on to the
third and final draft for this video and
see if we can get some new team of the
seasons obviously we
this guy twice he just keeps coming back
there we go straight away the free fall
free flat best formation for getting
those high rate just there we go
March easy oh all stats above eighty
eighty six piece eighty two Xuan ninety
percent ninety dribbling eighty-five
defense and eighty-six physical this
guy's cart is immense he's going
straight into the team Tim the season
please know that I was a terrible set of
reserves so another right wing and if we
don't get messy here there we go we got
messy we've got the 95 messy we'll just
sticking straight into the team I do
like the look at that purple card now
we're gonna move on to striker and get
ourselves Ross mcCormick since we've
already had Ross McCormick we are gonna
go with eight to seven Benzema just to
mix it up a little bit and now I move on
to the left wing and try and get Ronaldo
can we get Ronaldo yes we can 96 rates
of Ronaldo I'm just gonna go with that
he may not be the 98 team of the year
but 96 is still pretty good so Ronaldo
joins a team now down to the sentiment
field spot come in yes to someone like
that
oh I'm predicting every one today guys
95 Iniesta look at this team is looking
at men's none of them really work except
for look musashi oh so I'm gonna go with
him for the chemistry reasons and then
move on another cent back position no no
one amazing we've got arive us he can
join the team final centre back position
now and we get 88 goaded sorted now
right need to finish the midfield would
get 85 Isco not bad player whatsoever
we've got bail guys it was what him with
possibly a ESCO that helps a lot of
things that I assume that helps a lot
we'll go along one more time have we got
someone good here yes we have pulk is
good for 18 that's what I'm gonna bring
him into the squad just one more good
player
and there we go another tip of the
season this is a new team of season play
guys this is Van Dyck I think that's how
you say it again don't quote me on names
these players I'm terrible at
pronouncing names I think you pronounce
that van Dyck place for Southampton sent
back you've been good this season I do
follow quite a bit Premier League
football not the best I'm not an expert
but he starts off very good 72 page 85
defendant and eight
seven physical ah not good I don't I
don't think this is gonna be an amazing
draft papas there's still a little bit
of hope if we get an amazing keeper now
uh yep there's the Silver's I think the
dreams a little bit dead guys so there
we go guys another pretty awesome draft
complete this is a 188 but we did get
two more new team of seasoned players to
take a look up we've got Van Dyck and we
got the best one by far much easier so
this squad I would take is a massive
bombs off we've got some great players
but that is the end of this team of the
season foot job I've had so much fun
recording this in to take a look at some
of these new players in person in the
draft and I'm gonna play with some of
these also play with my cheesy right now
I'm gonna get into a game see how he is
because if he's good I may save up for
him on ultimate team but I really hope
you guys have enjoyed this video if you
want more FIFA 16 team of the season
content and tell me in the comment
section below and also smash alike 2000
would be amazing thank you all for
watching and if you are new and please
subscribe
both as always I've been lost you guys
have been awesome now see in the next
video peace
you
