if you want some cheap unreliable fee
for 16 coins and go to fifa coins FC
calm and use code mods at checkout for a
10% discount right guys so it's Friday
the 29th of April 6 p.m. I'm pretty sure
most of you guys know what that means it
is time for team of the season yo guys
it's mugs and today we have my first
ever team of the season park opening on
FIFA 16 and this is the most consistent
team of the season this is for the
players which have never had an inform
and honestly there is some amazing
players up for grabs so there is
currently free team of the seasons
available we'll start with a bronze one
there's some pretty decent plays in
there for last not what we're going to
be going for then we have the silver one
again there's some good plays in there
drink water for example but I think the
one we all care about is the gold most
consistent team of the season we are
some incredible players in there you
know we have March ezo who was all stats
above 80 rated so I have an absolute ton
of points in the account right now for
the entire team of the season ready -
absolutely smash it so I hope you guys
are all looking forward to the upcoming
team of the season content but let's get
started so as you can see in the store
we have some parts we have the 15k Fox
and also the 25k pipes with the new team
of the season design on them but what we
are going to do now is crack into the
first ever team of the season pack on
FIFA 16 we're gonna get along good in
the first pack probably not but we can
dream oh is that foul
nope this is Ramos not a good start guys
okay so the first one wasn't great but
we are gonna crack into another one here
that's already 1,000 FIFA points gone
hopefully we get something oh my god
what is that for googly please oh oh
it's Hulk hope not too bad
so why I've done is tweeted out on my
Twitter which is Mortenson saying give
me some superstitions for the video if
you're not follow me on twitter should
go and follow me on there but what we
are gonna do now is go and use some of
those superstitions alright so the first
superstition is a sunglasses pack now I
don't know where my sunglasses are but
the closest thing we have
is this broken pair of cinema glasses so
em that's the closest we've got to
sunglasses then a crack into a 25k pack
we're gonna do this one with be four
points and hopefully we can get someone
oh my god we got Roberto Zaher Zaher
Coulson notch and then four squad
Fitness's 4,000 coins
not too bad okay the next superstition
is a spin on your GT Omega chair pack oh
you kidding me are you kidding me why is
going on with these pucks
so we're gonna go for no look like a
pretty standard pack boys weren't for me
a lot in the past so there we go
think the player will be on the screen
right now oh I give up
oh my god next pack we're gonna do is a
Vegemite pot now this was mailed to me
came to my PO Box I'm gonna get a little
bit of it on my finger and then eat it
as the pack is opening and I hate this
stuff so we got a little bit of it on my
finger and we're gonna click the pot and
then we're gonna heat it now salty oh oh
no we did we gave you one anyway I just
can't get 100 no where but he said you a
glare pops of Jesus Christ almost gave
me a heart attack
Sergio agüero 100k in the bug my voice
was going on oh I love know where
incoming Sergio agüero hits me right in
the face I'm complaining about the pucks
and we get Sergio freaking agüero that
is amazing is this back even when I open
oh here we go team of seasoned puck oh
oh oh info Alessia policia oh sure you
freaking say it up but we got elves an
implant yeah you start to redeem
themselves now we want just one team of
the season oh we got one we finally got
one
oh my god TV season like we finally did
it
we've got a team of the season player
and oh my god it looks like a good one
this is Quincy promise promise don't
quote me I cannot say these names looks
like a really really good player thank
you EA so much we finally got a team of
the seasoned player we're gonna smash
into a few more parts but not expecting
much we've already had player informant
son Jose this is insane players now this
back opening has turned from a 0 to a
100 real quick
this is incredible woman is this gonna
be can't a is this gonna be team of
seasoned can't a we're gonna skip it
fine oh wait 87 rated belt I'm one of
the best center pucks on the game oh my
god well games so lucky today guys and
since it's the final part we all gonna
do they leave the room pop and there we
go well oh no no nothing but that is the
end of this team of the season pack
opening and as you can see we've got
some great players I really hope you
have all enjoyed and I really hope that
you smashing a like rain on this video
yeah what honestly
means so much to me it really really
would mean so much to me I mean the
world to me
2005 100 likes would be incredible thank
you all so much for watching and if you
are new then please subscribe boys
always I've been moved you guys have
been awesome and I'll see you in
next video peace out
