one kill equals one prank if the rules
are simple one kill equals 1 Prime the
rules are simple probably kill I get in
a game of fortnight that's one thing I
get to do on everybody else and you guys
know I'm the prank King so there's no
one better to do this now if you're new
here and you haven't already subscribed
firstly welcome to the channel Wow have
you subscribed to the channel code down
below that you subscribed and I'm gonna
be picking some of you guys to win some
free evils and guys one more thing I've
got some a big news right now loading
you Ben comment down below saying modes
we want some phone cases added to the
show are boys and girls check these bad
boys out yo I came for only these phone
cases much better than the ones we
release ages ago but these are available
in all phones bro Samsung guys I got you
this is the first time I've ever had
Samsung phones guys this is say you
already know guys the links in the
description below or you can just go to
www.moldtestusa.com and you can see a
we're going retail row and bow since
this is one kill one price I actually
really want to get a lot of kills in
this video because I'm the pranking and
I want a prize out of my family of
course yo imma go downstairs and wait
for this guy
yeah okay my ball goes just like now
let's go that's right number one
okay guys prime number one a month is
out there sunbathing right now and we're
gonna start things off with a classic
egg smash prank let's go
why would you do your pride go away go
away
that's right now is it okay okay okay
okay with my gosh oh that was such a
quick start we gotta kill it like the
first few seconds now I go sniper which
is cool too let's go guys time the prank
number 2 we're going in with the leaf
blower
Thanks helpful
I really enjoyed that
Thanks yo guys this has been an intense
start we've got two kills straight off
the bat that's too price
yo this is going crazy yo I see someone
Oh yo I did nothing that was good again
that was not as sharp or guys there we
go guys prank number three yeah we go in
for Kara this time she just asked me for
a glass of water so I'm gonna bring her
a glass of water with the salt in it
guys his come just come pretty why I
think that's good yeah I think guys good
just looks like a normal glass of water
hey baby so why I didn't even need it no
guys that was a pretty six nine yo
hundred hundred health baby I am feeling
good right now boys and girls I think
we've cleared out the entire retail role
that's how we do it baby no messing
about the hair on the boats channel no
we're getting here we get good at it I'm
a shoulder then grazing get amiibo
you're this guy's dad just say
you're lookin up building weight that's
90 okay y'all I'm down I'm down I'm down
what do i do what do i do what do we do
what do we do yeah why the hell this guy
go where the hell'd this guy go come on
come on no that was a sloppy killed but
we can't bear in the end guys okay guys
that's prank number four and this one is
gonna be the best one yet
mommy's still in the shower from when I
ached her so she's not gonna expect a
prank this soon after the last war but
I'm the pranking so I'm gonna set up a
row of cling film saran wrap whatever
you want to call it over her door so she
walks out into it this is a classic
prank where it's gonna be funny
oh man we're getting sure we get shot
straight off the bus okay I'm in the
garage right now and the next prank is
gonna be one on mama and Martin and now
let me explain I have this massive bag
filled with these annoying little bead
things I don't even know what you call
them and one thing mom of mine hey is
mess so I'm gonna go to the room and
dump this by just in that room and it's
gonna be so funny
guys I'm just filling this mall Wow
oh go now go no too much go
oh yeah that's the fifth kill right
there oh my god retail bro just turn
into box tailed row mork's tail row you
know I hear somebody
well it's not easy it's that easy come
on don't say you can just sneak up on me
bro I can hang you I've got some spider
senses Brad spider mine that's killing
them six let's go guys the next prank is
an old school morgues prank because
we're going in there with the megaphone
and I'm gonna go in annoying Martin
yo guys tell me how I've killed six
people and still only have like 200 ward
I need to get arterioles I think I'm
kind of slacking in that area
wait wait wait wait wait wait what's
happening I'm getting shot ah where's
this fool ah why is this full up bro I
don't know why the hell this fool is yo
get this tree out of the way po get out
of my house come on bro show yourself
maybe it was just my imagination but I
think I think I heard something
yo guys seen as I've got a sniper and
some grenades I'm gonna make a little
tower up here see if I can get any
sniper kills bro because everybody
always say some badass sniping so I'm
gonna give some Snipes
yo I see somebody I missed no no I gotta
get this guy everyone's just gonna sound
terrible sniper show you so watch
well it's that coming from that same
bond oh you always rushing me
come on buddy I know you got let's go
y'all give me that child give me that
flip it Jojo there we go boys the girls
kill number seven okay guys now I have
no clue if this next prank is gonna work
but I'm gonna give it a shot I'm the
prank King so maybe I'll find the way
here oh it's currently upstairs sat down
watching a movie with earphones in so
I'm gonna try and handcuff her to the
chair guys let's see if we can pull this
off
joke's on you okay nope
Oh boys and girls I'm just joking up
that guy's Lu went flying everywhere I
may try enough to go down and get it but
guy seven kills seventeen people left yo
we got to go for the wind right we got
to go for the win honestly I think we
can do it guys y'all boys and girls I am
the tallest point of the entire map
right now wait maybe not the map but yo
I see somebody looks like yo he sees me
yo I'm not I'm not no no come on come on
come on I got him
dammit man he survived my snipe no you
guys are still gonna call me brother
sniping but I hit them I hate them guys
trust me please I get started believe me
don't tell me that guy got away I don't
know where he went
whoa come on baby come on baby we got it
okay guys next friend let me tell you
what we're doing this time so I've hid
Martin's phone in the flippin toaster
and yes it is turned off guys don't play
with toasters kids and basically I'm
gonna keep ringing his phone while it's
hidden here and hopefully he won't be
able to find it and it's gonna be really
really fun
okay guys so I'm hidden in this room now
I'm gonna get my phone and giving a ring
they for Wow I thought think something's
cooking up in the toaster over there
well I mean Jesus ma'am can you leave my
things alone
yo guys that snipe I did not think I was
gonna hear that one was probably the
worst night of the day so far but he ran
into it that poor guy ran into my snipe
yo I think I'm gonna have to leave the
guys loop because he's so far away wait
what's up what's that ooh
jet pack wait that was not there before
bro that was not that before I swear
bro that was a trap that guy he track he
did she trapped up the flippin jet pack
bro I don't even want it you can keep
no I'm just the belt I'm just gonna bill
till we send the RPG by whoa yo that was
quick that was quick we got that back
where we got that fast missed
yeah I'm gonna create a diversion and
with these grenades Oh bro I'm a sneak
I'm a sneak round the edges
I'm gonna sneak well sneak attack this
is a classic mode sneak attack well I'm
the king of sneak attacking in this game
right yeah where's he at where's he at
where's he at
wait did he die no I swear this is his
loo right oh I think he died know
someone in here he's definitely up there
sneak attack classic more sneak attack
Oh screw you I don't need it actually
I'm probably gonna take it pro there we
go let's go okay time for the next prank
mom and Martin are finally going out
they finally got ready
they've been bright like six times so
far but there's one more thing where
that came from
I've made this fake parking tickets and
I'm gonna put it on her car so that she
gets one more prank before she goes out
I'm in the prime there
fuck it Oh guys would like yo do I take
the jetpack no that's the question the
new item and for tonight our boy how you
guys best believe I'm taking it
this is leeching my first time with the
jetpack guys I mean I think it's pretty
good you guys seem to like it
I've been seeing your tweets and stuff
so I'm gonna roll a bit I guess also
guys so before the people left right now
so I think yo there's gotta be a win by
the way guys my kill record is 9 so I
need one more and I broke my kill record
like bro I gotta do this imagine you're
summing up that imagine if I break my
kill record I get a win in the same game
that'll be dope yo who the heck is up
there actually I think I'm gonna move
he's got a clear shot on me there so I'm
just gonna chill bro you guys can all
fight out I'll just I'll just chill yo
guys I'm so tempted to just jet pack up
there but ah oh wait that guy just he
just killed himself
you seen that right he just jumped got a
replay on that
yo I'm gonna go get this guy's stuff
thanks for the free stuff buddy I got
some shields I didn't even have any
shield so guys to people and let's go
okay to other people how hard can it be
let's go yo I'm in the circle guys I'm
gonna make myself a little base because
well I want to get that I ground I need
this I go and if I'm gonna be getting
this way and also since I've got the
jetpack does that mean oh don't take
fall damage I'm pretty sure that's what
it means if I jetpack obviously so you
know that means guys imma go higher as
well like I'm the highest boy in the
mount right now I got this yo these
fools are definitely camping so he's
there oh come on bro I got you
ah he's hiding behind a tree
fuck yeah no y'all gonna fight wait wait
wait wait wait wait wait wait yo see no
I'll be get I missed no no no no no no
guys one person life is now long be one
this bull this entire fucking much no I
mean
oh I see you peeking bro oh come on out
of the box night bro who do you think I
am oh these guys are like no help bro
this guy is such a P was saying he's a
come on
I'm alive guys we did it baby when you
flip it about 10 kills
that's a win and guys before we get too
excited I think that is now my best
kills game ever
that is like my fourth win Oh stomping
and guys there's only one thing like to
do and that is roll the final prank okay
guys so now it's time for prank number
10 and this one is gonna be the grand
finale this is the moment you've all
been waiting for this is gonna be the
best prank yet over here I have this
disgusting looking bowl of slime look at
this it's so yucky
it looks absolutely disgusting and yes
guys you guessed it this slime is gonna
be getting dumped too all over Kara my
girlfriend now the way this is gonna
work
kara is filming a video for her channel
in like ten minutes and she's asked to
use my camera the one I'm filming on
right now but guys what she doesn't
realize is this camera doesn't have a
screen on the side but you can't see
yourself when you're filming so I'm
gonna sneak up behind her while she's
filming whip the bowl of slime and dump
it on her head Midway imagine you just
fill them in a video and then you get
this ball of slime dumped on your head
it looks horrible so yeah guys I'm gonna
turn off the camera I'm gonna let her
set up a video and then while she's
recorded your boy it's gonna turn into
sleep mode and drop the slime all over
let's do this yeah hi what's up okay so
today has been a very long tiresome day
so I thought I'd come outside get some
fresh air get some hay fever means
apparently I'm allergic to grass and all
the plants and stuff but I was asking
you guys like hey what do you want me to
film like what's something I don't know
something I haven't done in a while
who'd want me to do entertain you I
don't know I was just feeling kind of
weird so I thought today why don't we go
back to our roots we're not really our
roots because we only kind of started
doing this like
this is the prank video I'm sorry
oh my god it's everywhere pull this line
down again put it down
drop that note what are you doing drop
the slide guys always on the lens yeah I
think it's kinda backfired a little bit
Oh No
