yo guys it's morgues and today what we
do up is episode 2 of my beer box
opening series now I'd like to think
this series is pretty self-explanatory
but I'll still give you an explanation
of what actually is basically I sit down
and open all of the mail that you guys
send to my PO Box in a video and read it
out on camera open it on camera right
here and that's what we're going to be
doing today so this is my box where I
keep all my mail and it's pretty full
today and we also have that big boy back
there which we will be opening but we'll
just quickly say though if you do want
to send anything to be opened in a
future Pierre box opening then the p.o
box address is on the screen right now
basically if you write that on the front
of your letter package parcel also when
you pour if you write that as the
address then it will get to me and it'll
get to my PO Box what I go pick it up
and then open it here it doesn't have to
be majorly expensive that's not why I'm
asking for this really the thought that
counts and today we've got a lot of
letters so hopefully we've got some
really nice things in there to read and
you know boost the mood anyway we are
going to crack into the first live mail
here and is a bright orange letter which
I'm pretty excited about
okay we got it under there we go this is
in a Polly Pocket thing dear Morgan you
are a great uprising youtuber that makes
me laugh and just genuinely makes me
smile you're such an inspiration because
you have motivated me to want to make my
own youtube channel and it will come
later on in the year every day I come
home from school and I see if you have a
loaded kid attics funny you're amazing
PS you support Sheffield Wednesday
possible Leeds United
so boo you on that one ha now I'm not
really sure if I agree with the football
side of you supporting Leeds but thank
you so much for sending me that way you
know that really really just cheer me up
and the fact that I have inspired you
and that you really enjoy my content and
I've cheered you all you know that's why
I do YouTube just to cheer you guys up
and just you know to provide
entertaining content and thank you so
much sticking around me and enjoying the
videos oh I did that all in one go so
this one is a us a stomach so that means
that this is come all the way from USA
oh I'm excited
Jesus is wetter okay we're in what's up
we got two little things here right so
don't if you guys can tell but this is a
freaking massive paragraph I'm gonna
read this now oh so that's the lead
don't any row at the end he sent me a
picture of a dog and haha it's a
freaking pug you guys didn't know this
i'ma pull called Bruno he's outside
right now probably just like late down
being fat and lazy like me
bye anyway Matthew thank you so much for
sending that in and thank you so much
for supporting me not massively sure
what's the best way to get into this
right so this is a freaking massive
journey I don't know if the lives gonna
pick it up because I have a lot of light
but it basically just says it's morgues
putting massive riot though thank you so
much for that Jesus Christ there's a lot
of stuff in here so the first thing
that's in here is ice wipes never heard
of this but it says it's an
antibacterial screen white for iPhone so
I'm actually gonna use that with my
iPhone to be really dirty
second thing is some diet coke oh oh
wait wait wait
freakin G fuel it someone literally
Viji fuel well they wrapped a diet coke
label around it so thanks so much for
that and then of course we do have a
note Thank You Brad for sending that and
I'm gonna enjoy that give your layer
another letter which is taped short yes
just have to rip it so this is from Sam
stone he says he's a longtime subscriber
and he's been subscribed since nine
hundred subs and he says keep doing what
you're doing and you will hit 100 no
wait ten billion million I don't know
that number is in no time so thank you
so much for that Sam stuff and yeah
thanks a lot
whoa what we going here looking match
attack and we have a note here as always
hey moles I've been subtil channel for
five months that's mad and it's been a
delight watching your videos just great
editing keep up the good work and he
said I live where your favorite Club is
Sheffield so now we're gonna move on to
something which looks a little bit more
mysterious now this is a huge box and I
have to be honest no clue what this is
god damn this is hard to get into so we
sent us two packs of fruit parcels which
I really like it also sent us a box of
sweet hearts which I've never seen
before but they actually look very nice
and also some toffee B hazelnut creamy
nougat and chocolate candy I guess who
put it ice your bids are so cool he did
literally write so that many times
you're awesome and you must spend days
and days to edit so this was sent by
Reuben Golding and if there's his
channel I think I got my right I'm
really sorry if I butchered your name
I'm not very good with pronouncing names
but thank you so much for sending this
letter the candy it really means a lot
I'm gonna eat that later got some gamma
and we got some sweets that's my max
alters next letter and I found this one
pretty awesome because this is came all
the way from Australia so this is a
Joran and he's drawn a diet coke card
subscribe and also it's marks all the
videos you make are amazing and when I
come back from my holiday I'll send
you through the piece of work which is
up your honor to show deal thanks a lot
for that man so this guy has said that I
actually inspired him to start YouTube
so that is really really amazing and
he's also sending a little bit of
drawing on the front of this paper so
thank you so much so this is from Alfie
who is 10 years old and he's basically
said that he likes my YouTube channel
he loves my videos and he says I'm good
at cod so thank you so much Alfie right
so now we've got this which is quite
well packaged up and I think this is
actually something that someone's
actually bought from me from like Amazon
or Ebay or something that is an option
maybe you could enter the pure box in
one than websites if there was something
you want to buy for me that's just an
option though I think that's what this
person has done so I won't really know
who it is but we're gonna open this
anyway this looks really really
interesting whoo so look at this so what
this person sent is a gaming mouse so
here is the mouse and it looks like this
actually lights off which is pretty cool
I will definitely try it out after the
video and get the LEDs up and running
but to ever send that thank you so much
that really really doesn't mean a lot
and I actually can't wait to use this so
this was sent to me around Easter time
and it says Happy Easter
please be it on video I love your videos
keep up the good work Xbox one or ps4
I'd have to go ps4 but they're both sick
consoles Happy Easter
thank you so much man I mean it's a
little bit late it's not Easter anymore
but I really do appreciate that I would
like to let you know how good of a
youtuber you are I watch your videos all
the time and look forward to your new
ones the way you're going you'll hit
200k subs by 2017 so this is from
Elliott Bay thank you so much so this is
the humongous Bop which I've been
talking about I'm not really sure what's
in this but I'll open it and we'll have
a look oh my gosh no way look at this so
inside here we have a ton of bags of
these cable ties yep guys really no I
was expecting but I don't have a clue
these were sent by these are like
massive cable ties which are used to
cable tie set ups so I'm actually going
to use these to cable tie mine because
mine's looking like a bit of a mess
to ever send these thank you so much and
that is really not what I was expecting
but that is the end of this pure box
opening we've got cable ties
we got sweets we got letters we've got
fan art for the wall we've got a lot of
stuff and I just wanna quickly say to
everybody that sent something for this
video ever let's ever send something to
my PA box thank you so much the next P
robots opening will obviously be when I
get enough stuff to actually do a video
so if you want to send anything feel
free to send whatever you want if you
live in a foreign country with some
different types of food then you can
always send something live out to do for
a taste test if you're living somewhere
with an unique item I guess you could
send that or you could just send a note
for me to read or a drawing we've done I
really really hope you have enjoyed this
video and if you have a lie rate would
mean the world to me I'm gonna ask for
two thousand lights that'd be incredible
I don't know if we're gonna do it but
you know it's worth a shot
and with all the awesome people all the
awesome people in team logs I think we
can get there thank you all so much and
as always I've been morgues you guys
have been awesome and I'll see you in
the next video peace out
