yo guys it's more and today we are
playing slither dot IO now this is a
sequel to agario it sounds forms on the
side note play that you may have seen
their videos but today I am joined with
Haber and wizzy
ella's come on thanks for that anyway
the point of this game is you're all
snakes you have to like get people to
bump into your snake and that kills them
and you have to just grow it's similar
to agario you should catch on to it just
by watching but let's go you guys look
amateur you're not gonna kill me with a
smile oh yeah I'm all full of this game
yeah we're really bad yeah Bryan we all
know Oh see that that's a kill right
there so now I can go and eat him and
grow my snake yes Hey like almost need
to go fucking fucking Michelle Keegan me
Oh my snake needs to grow as bizzy's mom
oh I just don't killed by someone like
half my size bitch shut up you gotta
close oh oh I'm gonna steal I'm gonna
stealing this tail oh hey no sick
alright so if you look at the bottom
left corner that's my one and then he's
look at the top right corner
that's a leaderboard I'm currently on
157 the leaders on 22,000 so we got a
long way to go we have got a long way to
go
oh damn I have found the leader I have
found the leader look at the size
difference he's like whoa yeah he's a
bit full of clothes I know I'm right
next to the leader I almost killed him
oh oh I almost killed someone is pretty
big
Oh mom what that didn't kill him he mutt
hey my my my my bike
oh I died a my sports around sick Oh Oh
big guy to talk big understand I'm going
to love it Oh
oh shut up fuck up you cunt I am I am
1000 now I'm 1,001 I'm happy with our
wealth is that a message or you're fine
justice per day he had two thousand
likes on this video you play Minecraft
with this two thousand likes you heard
here two thousand lives we play fucking
minecraft why mater won't be involved
today is Langer from line maker studios
Oh Oh master master beautiful mascarpone
filled 1500 and so little midget just
killed me Oh a lot of math a lot of math
a lot of math a lot of math I'm getting
a lot of mass a lot of mass oh damn oh
damn oh damn this is this is like this
is like this is itchy try to kill me
this is the place to be this is the time
in the place I am 2,700 guys mm oh no no
I will killed again look at this guy
look at this dude look he's dude oh I
know you guys just saw that you guys saw
that I just killed one of the biggest
guys I think no he shot at me this
dude's giant shot me oh I'm again I'm
gonna get Oh another guilt but not a big
kill that was a good one knows oh that
was a good one I am growing from I'm
growing oh I hate with the little ones
QE cuz I bet you know you can just guess
that door slid oh I just died again oh
Jesus yep okay where is he he died calm
down basically silent like you're
grating metal oh oh I was a good kill
that was any good kill I'm gonna get all
his mass now I'm gonna kill this green
guy yeah kill him
oh just kill
some little midget oh I'm honestly
really annoyed but I'm really annoyed
this game is so infuriating
Oh lady call Raven George chicken won't
let me run I don't know why it's not I
know I am getting a ton a fricken ton of
math right now there's just the most be
like three big guys who have died
because I hope some guys running to meet
sick well done brilliant I just died and
oh my fire left with 968 that's
brilliant
oh that's a sick kill that's my mouse go
away
oh oh oh baby oh baby a triple oh baby
oh oh freakin hell I just killed four
people than the fifth guy got me Oh
some big guy some really big I just died
enough capitalized I've really
capitalized oh you know I've capitalized
oh well Aviva knew you guys just saw
that I just killed one of the biggest
guys oh my god oh my god I'm 3,000
ordered oh my god oh my god oh my god oh
my god baby baby baby baby eight
thousand five hundred a thousand figure
five hundred nine thousand two hundred
my mother two hundred pence come on the
way they died I died in 2000 ad a
decomposing
can you say commit hit 10,000 634 I just
died oh oh that's a tasty kill lies this
guy's dead
no it's not no it's not it's just almost
kill break oh that bitch did not see
that coming ooh oh you guys saw that you
guys just saw that really good kill on
this massive guy which I'm really happy
about but I can't get this mouse oh this
is frustrating me there we go
1,400 to be honest that was much me my
good days it yes Oh just killed looking
huge good the amount of snakes around
here there is tons Oh Oh baby sit down
shut up sit down shut up here we go I am
it five thousand again I've returned to
five thousand I'm one big-ass snake imma
still await a safe I don't wanna die but
it's good some guy just killed me with
like Oh in like two hundred mass and
I've got like seven thousand I'll tell
you guys this is actually really
frustrating I'm at five thousand for
like the third time now in like ten
minutes
Oh yep thanks for the mast thank you
thank you thank you a lot
well I died again on seven thousand for
God saying oh oh
cue the dramatic music Ryan Ryan
I may not editing I didn't want you to
do with her
right now look at this look at this oh
I've just got one of the biggest guys in
my lobby and I'm taking all of his mouth
I'm not really okay funny guy
Oh retard alert retard alert class I'm a
blood that was slitted Ohio I've got G
testings for the ring it wasn't Harry
Potter I'd be in the house Slytherin I
am five thousand four hundred yeah this
guy's getting taken out Oh once again
once again I absolutely dick right so
there's the end of this slither dot IO
video if we can hit Q thousand lights
I'll play minecraft with Ryan unbusy so
their channels will be in the
description below go check them out and
leave a sub go for some channels and
yeah mm like we'll play minecraft but as
always I've involved you guys been
awesome I'll see you in the next video
peace and if you made this by the video
leave a hashtag my snake is followed by
how big your snake is in the comment
section down below this video
Oh
