Friday the 15th of April for 27 I've
just got back from school as you can see
I go my life count under forty nine
thousand nine hundred and seventy-six
Souls
well to be completely honest with you
guys I've been home for about 20 minutes
they've just been watching this it has
gone from forty nine thousand nine
hundred to forty nine thousand nine
hundred and seventy-five in around fifty
minutes then updating it all on snapchat
Twitter and honestly I am so excited we
are twenty four subs away from fifty
thousand that blows my mind
I can see I'm recording my live reaction
to it in 50k so did you could all go and
leave a some other side guys amazing
nineteen away no like I'm not sure if
you can really notice it but I am
extremely excited oh damn
fifteen more we are four more subs away
and I'm still recording
free haha three more subs two muscles to
more subs one more sub one myself one
more come on come on come on yes we've
done it boys we are just a 50k yes boys
we have done it we are the 50,000
subscribers on the channel that is
absolutely insane
honestly nice insane and so far we
haven't dropped below yet so hopefully
no one else rollers just want to say for
this next part of the video
ignore the hair I've just out the shower
and I'm not real sure what it's doing yo
guys it's morgues and today we have my
50,000 subscribers special or at least
the the second part of the 50,000
subscribers special so what you just saw
was the actual live reaction of me
hitting 50,000 subscribers as you
probably noticed I was in my school
uniform that's because I'd actually just
got back from school on the Friday and I
sat down when I'm alive count and there
it was I knew instantly that we were
going to hit it I'm at the point now
where I'm not even 100% sure what to say
I'm still quite overwhelmed bearing in
mind that I've actually been out all day
and I got back had a shower sat down now
this is really the only time I've
actually had to sit down and actually
take in that humongous number now 50,000
subscribers is obviously a a huge huge
milestone half the way to 100k and that
is incredible
is really incredible like around a month
ago we were sat here and I was thanking
you guys for 25k just shows the
direction that this channel is going in
just like everything it starts slow and
then you saw a little bit of an increase
and recently it's just been going all
the way up I just want you to take a
second to have a look at this video I'm
about to play you guys I just want to
say thank you all so much for 100
subscribers I think it's a lie 104 now
so we'll only hit 100 we're actually
going beyond to 200 I guess but guys I
just want to say to every single one of
you who comments likes views as well I'm
just um you know goes on my channel just
thank you - aleiyah now what you just
saw was me hitting 100 subs and as you
could probably tell I see I was very
happy and honestly was I was extremely
happy and that that's what amazes me the
fact that back then I was so so happy
over 100 subs and now we are at 50,000
it blows my mind really that is such a
huge number just to put that number into
perspective but is now more than the
entire stadium capacity of Hillsborough
thighs about 25 times the amount of
people in my school now hitting a goal
is amazing in many ways it shows that
you are doing something right and it
showed your channel is progressing but
also is such a good feeling just to know
that you have smashed an actual goal
like if you set yourself something and
you reach that it is really a great
feeling you guys know that my goal for
the end of the year was 100,000 the fact
that we are around halfway through April
and we are already halfway to 100k just
shows the progress we are making and I
am honestly so thankful guys that
support you leave the nice messages the
light rains the views that the fact that
some of you guys actually inspire you
and you've starred your challenge
because of me all that is just what
motivates me to carry on and without
that motivation I don't think I would be
carrying on to this day every time you
guys leave a positive comment or send me
a nice
message I may not reply but just know
that you have helped me out and you have
helped me reach my goal fifty thousand
subscribers so another thing I will be
doing to say thank you to you guys it's
actually a giveaway and this won't be a
gleam giveaway with any other people
this won't be a massive giveaway like
you may be used to this will just be me
giving back to you
more's giving back to team mugs and I'm
gonna show you right now what I have to
give away so there will be free places
1st 2nd and 3rd and I'm gonna show you
now these prizes are up for grabs
starting with first place a USB gaming
mouse a ps4 controller skin and also two
sets of fun stick grips the second-place
winner will receive a ps4 skin and also
some foam stick grips and the third
place winner will win a pair of foam
stick grips now I do just quickly want
to note that these foam stick grips you
work with any console Xbox one or ps4
foot these are for the ps4 these actual
controller grips so the way you actually
enter this giveaway will only take you
about a minute just hop down to the
description and click the link which is
down there it will take you to Twitter
where all you have to do is just follow
the instructions which are on the actual
tweet is not been massive it'll only
take you a few minutes and if you don't
have a twitter then just make one and
follow me on there because making an
account takes about a minute as well so
you may as well that's where we update
pretty much everything so I know it's
not a huge giveaway but I really hope
that you guys do appreciate it and
honestly thank you all so much once
again for helping me to get to this
massive milestone I honestly could have
done it without you guys
50,000 people I'm still overwhelmed
honestly you guys are just absolute
legends but anyway that is where we are
going to end the video if you have
enjoyed then a light rain would be much
appreciated I don't want to say once
again thank you all so much and honestly
just thank you for sticking around thank
you for supporting me you guys mean the
world to me you really do and I think we
can all celebrate with a can of Diet
Coke but I say this every time we're a
milestone if you guys keep in awesome
then I will stay here and keep making
video as far as long as I can but as
always I'd be more you guys have been
awesome and I will see you in the next
video peace out and once again thank you
all so so much SIA
