yo guys it's mods and today we are going
to be attempting another fuck Jeff
challenge yes another one so this is the
four-foot duck video that I've done in
the past month and I know there's a lot
of foot draft what you guys seem to
really be enjoying it and today I
thought of a brand new idea
well not brand new it's been done a bit
before bought a brand new idea for this
channel basically instead of aiming for
the highest rating altogether with 100
chemistry like I did previously today we
all will be aiming for it's a high squad
rating so that means that chemistry
isn't an issue so basically what this
allows us to do is pick the best players
in every position that we do not have to
worry about the chemistry now I was
thinking what would be the best goal for
this video since people have got one
nine ones and one 92s
with 100 chemistry I think we should at
least be aiming for a 193 foot draft I
know 1 9 3 sounds absolutely mental but
just think about it where we'd have to
go for chemistry we can now just go for
the highest rated it should definitely
pause an advantage so as you guys know
we like to hit it hard on this channel
so we have got one more coins on the
account ready to smash open some foot
drafts also I would just quickly like to
say before we get into the first draft
if you've got too much alike on the
video that'd be amazing 1.5 K lights
would mean the world to me
but now what we are going to do is get
into the first foot draft and enter with
15,000 coins so we have got the free for
free for mation and because you usually
get high rated wingless we are just
going to go with that it's considered
the best formation anyway 4-foot draft
and bang straight away 99 messi now
usually I'd go for the danny galvers if
we were trying about 100 chemistry team
but since we don't care about chemistry
I'm just going to go with the highest
rated player in the game and go with
Messi next option I'm gonna do a striker
and hopefully get someone high rated see
there we go
usually we would go with 87 Griezmann
for the chemistry but now we can get
another rating point and go with low and
darsky no we didn't get Ronaldo but we
got Neymar now what we're gonna do is
move on to the bench and see what
players can get down
I'm not really sure why I just feel like
doing the bench Oh retard alert retard
alert class mmm definitely not the best
choices the highest rated air is
activated shuttle so please who we will
go with bang there we go 96 Ronaldo he's
definitely gonna be joining the team is
a very high rated player Oh 83 red my
mother magic gammy arrow he can join the
team another set of pretty bad choices
there we're gonna go with Memphis depay
and then move on to the last choice on
the reserved bench and
insignia is the height weight on there
all right then Center mid position
number one and 89 more oh my god do you
me silvers already right mid now though
and we got 85 disco so pretty high ready
player who can join the team
now I move on to the 11 mid position and
hopefully get a high rate to player
there we got ourselves a tee for Pedro
not bad now moving on to the defense
line it's not looking too good at the
moment got 94 Team of the Year ramos is
definitely going to help that rated and
an 88 golden will also help us out
85 bars ugly this defense line is
looking strong perfect
92 rated annoying so the squad rayon is
currently 90 can we keep this up by
moving onto the bench hopefully we can
and there we go 87 our bomber young and
the rating stays at 19 it's looking good
oh no dice definite not gonna help the
rate in eighty ones over touch not good
and another set of non rare choices boys
going on 77 rated or Lobby only would I
be rabbit rabbit rabbit 77 rated rabbit
joins a team I mean we did get 78 waited
for sellers but we got just go with
Magee just because he plays for
Wednesday another set of life backs and
we are gonna go with 82 rated lay Yoon
oh that's not a good set choices and we
dig ourselves another state to full
rated so the squad rate is currently 87
now I'm gonna do is organize the bench
maybe get up to an 88 or an 89 that'd be
good right so there's the first team
gone on as you can see we got up to an
89 ready to go if 68 chemistry but we're
not paying attention to that bit for
this video 89 rating is actually really
good it's a great star so that's
actually a really good draft to start
this video off so what we're going to do
now is enter it with 15,000 coins unto
the formation
formations b-41 is probably the best 196
messi is not about captain we are gonna
roll with that and jump into the striker
now can we get something high rated
apparently not
76 what's going on there anyway we'll go
with are you just goodies from the BPL
and i assume we'll get some DPR players
I'm gonna move forward to the left board
now hopefully get Ronaldo there you go
98 Ronaldo probably the best player you
could get for that position I think is
actually anyway right forward now come
and get another good player then yeah we
can actually we got bail eight a trade
so if we were going for chemistry we've
got like free BBVA players I so would be
going well but anyway look at them
ratings 88 96 and 98 so that's pretty
good that's a pretty good start
- are you of course sitting at 76 rated
anyway left mid now and hopefully we'll
get a good player
wow this is actually going extremely
well 87 Ray Rodriguez joins a team now
and we are going to move on to the
center mid I'm to ourselves for a that's
pretty good 88 in Esther what's going on
with this job actually looking very good
first center part we get is an 87 rated
Odin shall we go with that I think we're
gonna go with largely and then move on
to the second center back and get
ourselves 86 rated mal go rush pretty
good good center back and 84 done
Glory's not too bad and the goal keeper
86 check down onto the reserves now and
we really need a good striker or just
some heretics players on the gas selves
84 in the query he joins a team second
position now the reserves is going - oh
no 84 in senior joins and then the next
player 89 Benzema or 91 Neymar I'm gonna
go with Ben because then we can actually
put him in the squad and I'd helpers are
a lot it's good to actually have the
correct players in the correct positions
and we're gonna skip forward now and go
with 83 rated Pedro since is the highest
rated player there and then move on one
more spot and we get 84 sterling now the
rating is 19 we have 7 more positions
left so it's looking pretty good we're
going to crack on now to the first
position on the bench and ourselves an
81 rated Johnson the squad ratings
already down to an 89
the best but can we bring this back up
bang nice free Neymar joins the team
that's pretty good huh my guess is an 85
Eriksson looking quite good now skip
forward again 81 Podolski skip forward
again a 89 rated unsold a not a good
player
oh dear what's going on now 77 wasted
right back gönül and the final player is
gonna be a silver that is brilliant
ah rats were finished ordering the bench
and the bed we could get was an 88 we
could even get up to an 89 got some I
read players but we just couldn't seem
to get the ratio 96 Messi gonna try
something different now and move down to
the center mid yet that doesn't look
very good like a position and it's
frozen nope is back what what three
plays in and we've already had two all
non rare selections what's going on oh
my god these choices though come on can
we please have some look oh damn 89
hazard that's pretty okay 83 rated X
haha exact ah anyway move on to the
defense now and we have got ourselves a
Mertesacker
oh dear we're gonna have to add him to
the team but that killed me 84 rated
benattia not too bad and the final
centre back is going to be 83 rated
smaller oh damn 87 rated check that's
pretty good okay now on to the reserves
and we really need someone to save us
down here
84 Hulk isn't exactly why I was aiming
for 88 golden that's a pretty decent
player under 92 low and aus okay that's
not bad either
you can join the team straight away 87
Costa is another high rated player
moving along now we offer ourselves 89
Benzema moving along again we have got
ourselves 85 Virata
oh no I just saw and we have got
ourselves 85 oh I missed oh my god I
missed freakin Rodriguez I just saw it
the second I clicked a on Verratti well
we're gonna have to move on and we got
Jesus what is going on in this draft 89
asel could this be the one we get in
some very high rated players and just as
I say that we're gonna guess us an 81
rated well that's the end of that one
and definitely know I was expecting with
ourselves
87 rating which is not good whatsoever
we're just going to push that one to the
side and get into another one another
one another one another one right so as
you guys may have seen in my last foot
drop video for the final draft we did a
diet coke draft and actually got the
highest rate one of the episode so
that's what we're gonna do right now a
diet coke draft hopefully this can get
us some good players not below I am
really feeling this one got the kind of
Diet Coke here and we Duke ourselves
another good set of formations we got
ourselves the three four two one which
obviously has two wingers on each side
so we are going to go with that straight
away and come with ourselves a good
captain not the best ratings down I mean
we're just gonna go with the highest
rated which is obviously 94 and aldo but
no messy there so hopefully we'll go
ahead and get him right now in the right
forward position we didn't get messy but
we got 86 DeMaria so i guess it's not
too bad but messi would have definitely
been better
Jesus Christ look at Snodgrass I'll get
him in that picture he's so pale my god
he almost looks as pale as its hay but
Jesus Christ shut up fuck up your crap
86 Persian ik so that's not bad actually
86 really feel that's pretty good 88 big
ye that's a very high rate of striker so
I'm feeling good about lap sent a mid
now and it's gonna be 85 Yaya touré
Silver's what what's going on anyway now
onto the reserves we're gonna skip it
and again not the best choices 84 isn't
bad though so mycket areum can join the
team and we're all gonna advance forward
with frickin 82 82 Diet Coke is really
letting me down today
Oh 87 album young no out of nowhere man
of the match join the team guys have
guys a pretty good choice and we do get
ourselves 85 racket egde which is again
another pretty decent choice we're gonna
need a lot of good players on the bench
though if you want to turn this around
admittedly 90 way and Neymar is a good
stunt eetu Lewandowski is again another
really good player Oh
88 Muller oh damn 87 Boateng that's a
pretty high red player oh my god 90
godean look at this frickin bench it
looks insane so believe it or not guys
we actually managed to get the squad
rating up to 88 which is very good
actually you know to say was at 86
before we did the movement so the team
is actually really good looks like the
diet coke has once again helped us so a
TAS is not too bad in my eyes but
there's the end of the video guys and if
you have enjoyed
then alike would be much appreciated
this was a different type of video as
usual a different type of fault draft to
usual anyway I haven't done this on the
channel yet it has been done a bit
before by some youtubers but if you have
enjoyed the concept of this you know
just go in for rating not for chemistry
then leave a like on the video and tell
me in the conversation below I will do
another draft video if you guys want it
because you guys seem to believe in
really good support on these videos if
you have any suggestions for draft
videos that I could do help down to the
comment section right now and leave your
suggestion because I'll be looking and
I'll probably see it but once again
thank you for the amazing support of the
moment it means so much to me you guys
have been absolute legends with the
support recently
once again implicit smash 1500 likes
that would be epic poor as always I've
been morgues you guys have been awesome
and I'll see you in the next video peace
out
