oh my god I really need a haircut
yo guys it's mod and today we have a
different type of video because in this
video we're going to be doing a taste
test I guess you can call it that
basically today we're gonna be eating
food that's literally it we're gonna be
eating food now let me just give you a
little bit of backstory so in my first
Pierre box opening one we've got this
pretty awesome keyboard we also got some
foreign candy so this was the Australian
candy and this was sent out by summer n
shout-out to you and this was the New
Zealand candy sent out by hist ik big
shout out to you too so as you guys may
remember in DPO box video i literally
said do you guys want me to do a video
trying this candy and like giving my
opinions on it since it's from a foreign
country as you can see quite a lot of
you guys said you wanted that so this is
the video and as you can probably tell I
do love my food so I'm gonna really
enjoy this video hopefully you all do
too basically in this video we'll be
trying the Australian candy and the New
Zealand candy forget time which I think
we will but what we're gonna do now is
get into the first bit of Australian
candy so the first bit of Australian
candy is this caramel koala so it's made
by Dairy Milk and I think it's just
caramel so that sounds nice so without
further ado I guess we just try it to be
honest with you guys this just tastes
like a normal dairy milk bar but there
is a bit of a caramel aftertaste which
is pretty nice there's caramel in the
middle sick time a koala gets a seven
point two out of ten next thing we have
here is called cherry ripe and
apparently this is really really nice
Oh mmm tastes like bounty but cherry
tasting gone change I like now hmm
actually really nice cherry right eight
out of ten
and movin away from candy now we have
Burger Rings now these are like crisps
but burger taste then now I'm not really
sure if I'm gonna like these especially
after eating candy and having that
cherry taste in my mouth but we're gonna
give them a try because that's the whole
point of the video thing but about to
this week wait we're gonna what the hell
oh I guess a free artem from me Billings
no you know what while we're away from
candy we may as well try these junkies
chicken flavored crunchy potato snacks
oh damn oh damn oh damn they are good
mmm
9 out of 10 they are Haddon Heights next
thing looks pretty damn impressive is
this violet crumble bar and if I just
show you like the size of this pretty
much the same size my head and I've got
a big head so I'm excited for this
thing's Marlon what the hell is this
then so that was honeycomb which is like
new to me I'm not actually really light
now I'm not gonna lie 7 out of 10 just
thinking to myself
imagine how much weight of porn from
doing this video so far not good
just a quick break in the video be sure
to tell me in the comment section if you
actually enjoy this stuff because
literally all I'm doing is sitting down
and eating food in front of you guys
like this is like my dream I love in
your food as you can tell so if you do
enjoy these videos then I'll happily do
some more I guess but we'll obviously
just need some foreign candy and if you
do want to send me some foreign candy or
just anything to be open in my peer box
video then here's my pure bolts address
it'll also be in the description as
always next thing now looks pretty
exciting it's called Wiz face and
apparently sure the mmm
I guess we just like poreless into our
mouths o goddess
that's actually quite fizzy I don't know
financially P well I guess I'm not
really sure to be honest I mean it was
quite nice taste but it was quite fizzy
I don't really know how to have that
with I'd probably give that about a 6
out of 10 you know not too bad but I
will really want it again if you know I
mean you know what I should start
freaking food
review channel these are some good
quality reviews still can't figure out
what the hell are these things there's
like a chocolate square so oh god no oh
oh that wasn't very nice three these
left and I'm not gonna be in them
unfortunately two out of ten next up we
have freakin Vegemite now I am aware you
are supposed to have this on toast and
no one eats it by themselves but to be
honest with you guys I can't be bothered
to go make toast so we are just going to
try a little bit on my finger now
impound this is vile by itself so I
don't looking forward to this one bit
the tide is a little bit there on my
finger ain't doing more than that and
I'm just gonna come what's going to go
through it it's so salty all those
really really salty 0.1 out of 10 so the
final thing of the actual Australian
candy now is just a Dairy Milk Fred oh
good old fred Oh same as England hey our
ten but we're going to start with the
perky Nanna
literally just tastes like chocolate
with a banana filling I actually really
like that
8.5 i10 next we're going to go with the
creamy milk which sounds really really
nice this looks really nice oh my god oh
my god
no joke that's not be the best yet oh my
god that's a nine point five out of ten
nice really really nice New Zealand
candy is pretty freakin good
next is a licorice choc log now I've
never tried licorice and I'm not sure if
I really want to but I'm gonna try
anyway but I may not like this one just
because I'm not the biggest fan of
licorice
oh no no zero I Ted I hate licorice
right so now we move on to the final
part of the video the final bit of food
for the video this is the pineapple mums
mmm my god dies nice that's just not
what I was expecting that is really
really good you know what guys got to be
the best yeah I'm gonna give that like a
nine point eight out of ten looking
around that is everything tried we don't
so that's the end of this video very
very different to usual tell me the
comment section if you enjoyed if you
want more then I guess we're gonna have
to actually get some candy anyway you
could smash a like on the video that I
mean the absolute world to me 1111 likes
would be good don't know why I picked
that number but why the hell not
but as always I've been logged you guys
have been awesome and I'll see you in
the next video peace Oh
