yo guys it's morgues and today we are
going to be attempting another FIFA 16
foot draft challenge so let's take it
back to when wrote a short first got 190
draft I mean that was pretty impressive
but then a new challenge came along the
1 9 1 draft now obviously I attempted
this and the best I could get was a 190
squad rating but now a new challenges
come around the 1 9 2 foot draft
challenge so believe it or not is
actually possible to get yourself a 192
foot draft I mean nothing fitting
mind-blowing to me but anyway we have an
absolute ton of coins on the account
today and what we're going to be doing
is spending all of them on foot drafts
trying to find out if this 190 foot
draft is actually possible so let's do
this alright so the first draft today
and we have got some pretty average
formations for free - 1 may be a good
option because of the two forwards 5 - 1
- doesn't seem like a good option for
fall to hold in sync really bad or 2 - 2
is just not a good formation because
there's no wingers and 5 3 2 is also a
pretty bad option so we are going to go
with 4 3 2 1 MSV I don't see can get
much better than that we're gonna go
straight onto the strike and hope for a
Suarez or a Benzema mmm see this is
pretty tricky I mean I would like to go
with that 92 low and I'll ski but I
think we are gonna go with the 86
Benzema just because of chemistry I'm
gonna move now to the goalkeeper I don't
know why I'm just gonna try something
new I'm dying there we go
92 Nuria goes into the squad so we've
got solved 95 Ronaldo I think we are
gonna go with that that's obviously
stopped with getting 90 a team of the
year but the 95 isn't too bad a thing
I'm gonna take it while is there any
ester team of the year
nope we got Bruno though who is not a
bad centum adoption not gonna lie this
draft is actually looking quite good but
we really don't want choices like that
Felipe Louise isn't the worst option
ever okay now is where the fun starts
the reserves
oh dear me I say crap set of choices
oh ho there we go we'll get bail and
then we'll stick him at midfield
like that so me more doesn't really fit
into the team way if we want a 190 plus
foot draft then we are gonna have to go
with him oh okay we got Navis who fits
straight into the tee
like that okay so if we put bail back
there and Benzema up from possibly on
Neymar I don't know there we go 100
chemistry now let's order the bench so
there is the first draft complete and we
did get a 187 squad rating which is not
too bad for the first draft we're going
to apply the manager now and then let's
get into the next draft so they're the
formations for the second team and is a
pretty easy choice free four two one all
the way let's get team of the MSE no so
most people probably say go for the 90
for Ronaldo but I'm actually going to go
for the 90 ag√ºero just because we want
that team of the erinaldo1587 really
really bad so we are going to leave the
bench to save us completely here 88 Dima
isn't in the worst start I guess normal
Neymar it's not very good is it but
we'll we'll get him we'll stick him in
well that was probably one of my worst
ever draft so let's just forget that one
PK is my captain Oh God oh okay okay
that may have just turned around the
look Modric goes into the team team of
the year good defenders good defenders
golden is a good defender do we want to
go with cost that we're gonna have to go
with Kosta we need the ratings 95
Ronaldo goes into the squad oh no no no
don't be hit me with the frickin
Silver's now the final player the keeper
and with ourselves and of us which it
was flopping with check guess was to 100
chemistry once again so we are going to
try something different now and go with
a 3-5-2 formation don't know what's
going to happen but we got ourselves 95
Ronaldo so we're just gonna take that
while we can Jonas is probably our best
option so we'll add him to the team okay
so we got ourselves a Ramos it would
have been nice for your team of the team
year but no he wasn't and a Infante PK
not too bad finish off with another BBVA
player Oh golden look at that defense
line ata 87 and 86 if we got ourselves a
good keeper now and then some good
attacking options this could be the one
okay so we are gonna go with come any
just for the chemistry we've turned down
check which I'm not too happy about but
can we get some good BBVA mmm I don't
know why I bother none of them are even
BBVA man I give up bail we've we need
bail we definitely need bail you know
what I was not expecting that 95 Iniesta
goes into the team there and gives us a
massive chemistry boost could this be
the one you know it's probably not gonna
be but we can always dream yeah the the
dream has definitely died down
88 rate inched 90 chemistry another step
in the right direction so this 192 is
looking more and more likely we just
need to keep going so that hopefully we
can get it for the interest informations
nothing to pleasing we're gonna get with
for free too wanna just give that a try
not a very good start whatsoever we're
gonna go with a 84 Alba I don't know why
I'm trying to trying something new
Bernardo oh yes boys team of the year
and Aldo goes into the team alright now
what we're gonna do is move on to the
bench
don't ask what I'm thinking I'm not
really too sure looks like it might work
though cuz we got cells are Neymar oh ok
Carvajal I'll take that
oh no ok 90 degree E oh ok so with our
selves a Gomez you can go into the team
instead of Matt we D that gets the
chemistry up a lot but which is not
getting high rated players as I say that
we guess I was a freaking 89 de Bruyne
final player is gonna be the keeper and
it is Elvis who's actually not too bad
to be honest
86 rate in 95 chemistry not by looking
draft my carbon-fiber controllers just
finished charging so this one and the
rest of them will be done with my carbon
fiber controller so let's see if this
can bring us any look three four one two
is a pretty decent formation so we'll go
with up
oh okay 99 Messi is of course the
perfect start I'm gonna go with a
striker now and hopefully get Suarez oh
okay 87 Benzema Jonas is probably the
best option there any ester definitely
not any ester all right then here we go
Oh only mod which would have been in the
other one we are gonna go Iniesta though
so we did get who we wanted this is
looking like a pretty good draft if we
ourselves this team of the around what's
now this would be lit come on Ramos PVV
a keeper that'd be good yeah we've got a
culture who is actually really good on
this game alright now we are going to
move into the reserves and hopefully get
a good striker and of course and of
course Ronaldo there we go join the team
free team of the years now this could be
the one if with ourselves a good
defender this this honestly could be the
one oh no no this is looking good
if we put DeMaria there and then swap
bang look at this team we got ourselves
an 89 squad rating oh Griezmann
Griezmann Neymar oh my god is just the
draft is this the draft guys
is this the one oh well why did nothing
change the chemistry oh my god 80
freakin 9 ready - no way come on come on
move up to 90 move up to 90 move up to
90 no no no no oh so close so freaking
close man free team of the year's Naldo
Messi Iniesta Neymar Benzema Griezmann
Godin hazard the
and we're getting nothing but what's the
best way to recover from being that
close to 190 getting a 190 so let's
crack into another foot draft three for
free the chosen formation the best one
for getting your 190 drafts the best one
for getting one nine one draft the best
one for getting one nine two drafts oh
yes oh yes 99 Messi goes straight into
the team Neymar's okay I guess he'll
will go in there for now PK is a good
option and so is golden and so is
fricking going in i'm matteo this is
this is a strong defense line man let's
get the goalkeeper in come any your
check it's gotta be commended we need
the chemistry we're already a 187
squadron so I'm pretty confident now
let's move on to the the bench in the
reserves and get some good players
hopefully no one there we'll just go
with an out of it oh right at the end
that shot me that honestly shocked me
Ronaldo goes into the team man and it's
up to 1/8 it's up for 188 boys oh my god
the dreams dead once again Jesus Christ
I came out of nowhere we've got a 92
Noah and I is what we managed to deal a
one eight eight draft with 100 chemistry
and we haven't even got a manager in yet
I'm taking that as a is a very good
draft I don't know about you guys but
that is good for me we didn't get the 99
Messi this time which annoys me but we
did get a name our under an hour though
now what I'm gonna do here is something
which you may not expect that's gonna go
for Neymar because I don't really know I
want the team D Ronaldo and I want the
team of the MSE so we're gonna go with
the inform Neymar oh damn gone least
give me the Ronaldo no no no no no no no
oh okay we're going moderate obviously
oh we got Pepe I guess he's not too bad
start alive and complete 87 rated 83
chemistry it's not looking good
95 e bruh we got go with him just cuz
that rate in my where are the good
players I haven't even got Messi or
Ronaldo or we've got his name arm and
come on where the okay okay spoke too
soon Ronaldo joins a team where all the
good players are you can't fault my
effort I mean we've done about 1112
drafts man 87 rated
100 chemistry 187 draft again it's not
by drop whatsoever but it's just not
close to what we're going for
so what we're going to do right now is
get into a diet coke draft and hopefully
this is going to be the key to gain some
good players and hopefully the 192
rating for free free attack is going to
be the formation we're going to go with
and straight away some good choices
we're also going to go with the team of
the year nor just because we rarely get
him and that could be a sign you know
that could be a sign straight up to the
right wing and we'll get messy now no we
won't
I drew ease man just go away 98 Renaldo
goes into the team and we're gonna move
to the center mid now I got ourselves 87
Tony Cruz is this the one voyage it I
told you the diet coke is the key okay
this goes not a bad player Oh 90 golden
is a great player okay here we go here
is where the magic happens here is where
we start the bench come on
oh damn 88 bail or we could go in 91
Neymar it's gonna have to be 88 bail
just in case we don't get messy but of
course we're gonna be aiming for the
Messi
we're gonna go with 84 pepe then swap my
soccer for him boys I am very confident
and we get know is this the one guys I
think this could be the 199 Messi in the
team so I forgetting so hype guys but
I'm actually really excited this could
be the draft it's 90 ready boys it is 90
rated oh my god okay we need some BBVA
players right now and perfect prey her
with perfect for a ho is frickin perfect
and it's still 90 rated keep that damn
rating keep it oh it drops it drops so
there is the final team of this video
and as you can see what a mug team we've
got 98 ronaldo 99 messi and 96 lawyer
then we got freakin name our crews bail
golden that is probably the best team
I've got this episode and it was with
the diet coke four drops but that is the
end of the video
you have enjoyed them please much alike
the 192 draft is going to be very hard
to get and very few people are going to
get it but if you do want me to attempt
this challenge once again then tell me
in the comment section below also a
light rain would mean the world to me
1300 lights would make my day because
you guys are just awesome I appreciate
you all so much and thank you all for
coming back and watching another one of
my videos but as always I've been more
you guys have been awesome I'll see you
in the next video peace out
