yo guys it's marks and today we have my
first snap chat Q&A and hopefully the
first of many so a few days ago I snap
and tweeted out saying that I want you
guys to send me some questions for an
upcoming snapchat Q&A and we have around
300 questions now obviously I can't open
them all I'm gonna be opening quite a
few today and answering them
so guys I recommend you go on add me on
snapchat so that you can be ready for
the next snapchat Q&A which will
probably be in about 3 weeks my snapchat
is Mortenson and I'll actually leave the
code here so you can scan it and also
add me anyway guys we have got absolute
ton of questions so let's just get
started more so my question to you is
can I get a small loan of a million
dollars I mean like why not can I get a
small loan of a million dollars yeah
hold on yes you can
oh wait hold on all I have is a 50 P
there you go enjoy your small load of 50
P would you drink if there's no that
cooks in the world what would I drink if
there was no diet cokes in the world
probably coke light which is linked with
the same as diet coke but it's in
foreign countries ah my lifetime this
green I'm a right-handed blue what color
is my bully what fuck what the fuck uh
probably red yeah I don't really know
fuck her right in the pussy
this is always one there's always one I
mooks one question is cheaper ps4 Xbox
one do I prefer ps4 Xbox one now I don't
start console war that stuff is just all
pathetic but I'd probably say my
favorite console is the ps4 and I do own
both one my mom tell us one of my dad's
and to be honest I just think the ps4 is
a lot easier to use and a lot better
when you're actually playing games but
that's just my opinion the Bell frickin
sick consoles more my question is how
would I cook I'm you're drunk in your
life team and liters I have drank
precisely 784 liters point point to no
I'm joking I'm not really sure how much
I've drank in my lifetime in leaders I
don't really keep track of it
I might weigh a little bit Church /
woodchuck could chuck wood 72 what is
your middle name morg my middle name is
Connor have I got a girlfriend no I
haven't go girlfriend do I look like the
type of person to have a girlfriend do I
do I look like the type of person to
have a girlfriend there's your answer
why editing software do I use Final Cut
Pro X if you want a full video about how
I edit my videos and tell me in the
comment section below
oh okay then the ones I don't know the
previous question was deleted but if it
was my question was do your parents know
about your YouTube channel and what do
they think of it thank you and keep up
the good work thank you so much for that
and yes my parents do know about my
channel they think it's pretty good I
guess and I think they watch a few of my
videos not too sure they know I do it
because obviously I've told them like if
I just started talking to a camera and
they heard me and they didn't know I did
YouTube god knows what they think but
anyway
yeah they do not do it and uh pretty
sure they think it's alright
thank you for that question again thank
you for another brilliant question I
don't know why is this video comment - I
thought this was gonna be a nice
snapchat Q&A yet we have people telling
me to fist them Oh God mmm these are
just getting weirder and weirder it's
time to go bye
but died of his suicide ha ha ha that
was really really funny and my suffering
oh I know your name right I am actually
done does it stay won't we have all
enjoyed that snapchat Q&A it was pretty
fun to record if you want another one
then tell me in the comment section
below and be sure to all go in on my
snapchat mobs woodson so you can be
prepared for the next napture Q&A and
you just want to quickly say though I
will put a snap on and also tweet out
when the next one is so there's no need
to send me your questions straight away
as the next one won't be for a while yet
but I have enjoyed the video then a
light rain would be much appreciated if
we could smash 1200 likes they'll be
absolutely amazing you guys are really
smashed in the support the moment I
really just mean a lot to me and I
really enjoy doing YouTube when you guys
are leaving the support like you are
booked that is buy it for the video so
as always I've been morgues you guys
have been awesome
and I'll see you in the next video peace
out
