yo guys is marked and today we are going
to be attempting to complete a challenge
which is pretty freakin hard and those
of course the 191 rated full draft
challenge so before we get absolutely
roasted in the conversation for being a
fat little copycat yes I'm aware that
quite a few people done this before
I mean I'd settle for one 90-foot yacht
I'll be pretty incredible but the main
goal is one nine one I mean come on
we're in this heart so we've got an
absolute ton of coins on the account and
we're going to be doing a ton of foot
drops hopefully gonna hit that one nine
one which we are aiming for so let's get
started
pretty average formations for three free
holding looks like the best option so
we're gonna go with that
come on Ronaldo team of the year no
that's actually pretty average set of
choices so I've gone with the nitrate in
yes they're just because I find myself
getting a lot of low-rated BBA
midfielders and it's good to have a 90
red one in there but we're gonna go with
a right wing now Tim DM se nope but
we'll take bail Tim Lee Ranaldo
nope but we'll take the m4 someone good
no please yo T Lia Thiago Silva join the
team okay so I'm not gonna sit here and
lie to you guys I stand 11 for this team
is looking very average we're gonna need
some really good players on the bench if
we're gonna make this good just so
that's a pretty good start with
ourselves ninety rated Neymar sorry 91
red Neymar just like the draft room
we're going for 91 second place on the
bench how much Rodriguez I'll take it oh
hello with ourselves
86 Griezmann we do need some BBVA Center
bucks though oh whoa okay this draft may
be looking good now swap bail with Messi
this is coming on good boys I tell you
this is looking good come on keep it up
guys not a good star oh just kill me 88
rated I'm 100 chemistry so let's move on
to the next draft but this one is
actually pretty banging in to team of
the years and also a name on the bench a
Ronaldo Griezmann Iniesta
not too bad now I'm be serious it could
be good racket each now I'm getting
hyped I'm getting really hyped there we
go
come on now no not the Silver's not the
silvers Oh Ben no Jay Bernardo is this
the one is this the one you may be
asking
it could be boys it could be Oh
all these choices no now we're gonna
order the bench in a last gasp of hope
to hopefully get the rating up a little
bit unbanked eehm 87 rated with 100
chemistry we've got ourselves the purple
messi and the blue ronaldo and also a
Neymar on the bench as well as an
informed Bale let's get stuck into the
next foot draft and hopefully a good
formation three four to one with the
four wingus this looks like a good
shower pretty solid choices we're gonna
go with 91 Suarez oh you have got to be
kidding me
oh I know we're the team of the year and
aldo pops up and he goes into the squad
87 rated rodriguez is another good
player nah nah 95 for you Danny esta to
go we've not a relatively Ronaldo guys
this draft is looking very good fool
Pepe isn't bad so there's a star now
I've been done we have got some good
players in there but it did start to
look a bit weak towards the back so now
what we need to do is get some good
defenders in and hopefully a team of the
MSE guys are not a good start oh hello
Neymar nice one rate it will take
Benzema but he don't really fit in
ma'am this could be the $1.99 Messi of
course for me sirs guys this could be
the one
oh no no no no no no fail fail in there
Oh Matthew 19119 31 we have got the 91
can we keep up can we keep up oh no he's
dropped to 90 Oh black fits in or black
does fit in so what we're doing is
ordering the bench right now guys I've
got my fingers crossed man I honestly
have can we get this up to a 90 rate at
least 1990 we've gone out to Jack we've
got 50 90 drop right so the squad rating
is 184 yet the rain actually got on the
draft with 190 oh my god I've been
recording for 50 frickin minutes we've
got some pretty banging one so far but
I'm still I'm still freaking convinced
we can do better
99 messes a captain can't go wrong with
that first what we're gonna go with sent
to MIT oh my god nice a terrible star 87
Griezmann a six Benzema Oh
86 Buffon you can freakin join the team
we did get off the name although so not
too bad there and more and more of my
money goes down the drain
looks like four one four one is gonna be
the formation and it also looks like our
captain's are terrible okay we're gonna
need an absolute miracle on the bench
cuz this draft is looking horrible
informed bail is a pretty good start to
be fair nineteen eight miles in the team
now that's not too bad ninety-eight and
Aldo joins the team another terrible
choice 86 rated 87 chemistry guess what
we're doing another one what you are
witnessing right now is addiction please
help me and that is what you call a
terrible start
but Neymar you're welcome to join the
team 94 man-of-the-match Suarez come on
at least one team of the year
nope ok ok ok we need to calm down for a
minute here 89 rate and we could be on
for something pretty good here
that is not gonna help us out though we
got the Vardi party but we don't want
him because we need the ratings so we're
going to go with insignia 87 rated 92
chemistry not too bad but guess what
we're gonna do we're gonna get another
one
DJ Khalid another one another one oh
hello 96 Suarez John the team all crews
first time we've got him today I'm
pretty sure there we go Infante BK this
is looking not bad so starring xi is
looking or I guess we did get record
breaker check which is pretty good but
now we're to star on the bench
in full name oh oh oh
89 Marcelo 96 Ronaldo we had a freaking
90 rated man nose 87 bang another draft
finished eighth a rated 96 chemistry
pretty bangin if you ask me tinea
Marcelo in Foreman aldo informed Neymar
inform Suarez inform pk Tony Cruz not
about draft-free 41 let's do this come
on
I'm actually really hyped that is a good
start
there's a pretty freakin good start 96
Messi there we go now we need bail and
there he is oh why do you have to do
that to me oh yes Ronaldo we're gonna go
with PKS not the highest rated but we do
need that chemistry I the moment of
truth for the bench
we need a Suarez we need a name art we
need some team of the Emmett fielder's
hopefully let's start
Neymar Neymar is here Neymar is in the
team 89 orange DeMaria right so that is
the final draft complete and we get
munched again 80 a rate of squad rayon
which could be honest isn't too bad but
I'm afraid that as the end of the video
altogether I've been recording this
video for god knows how long but it's
getting close to two hours now so if we
could smash a line that would mean so
much to me honestly would me in the
world we couldn't get the 1 9 1 draft
unfortunately but if you do want me to
do another one of these videos where we
go for the 1 9 1 draft then tell me in
the comment section below
in all fairness though we did have some
pretty good attempts we've got a 90
rated actual squad way and we just
didn't get the chemistry of
with some gone 88 we're gone 89 it's
been a pretty good day but I hope you
have all enjoyed the video I've enjoyed
making it so hopefully you've enjoyed
watching it
but guys it guys thank you all so much
for watching if you're new then please
subscribe to join team mugs
but guys as always I've been more you
guys have been awesome and I'll see you
in the next video peace ohh oh my god I
spent so much money
