yo guys it's morgues and today what we
do have is my insomnia vlog finally it's
here so it's currently 6:15 in the
morning
I am absolutely knackered don't if you
can tell but now what I'm going to do is
go off to Chesterfield station and then
catch a train to Birmingham station so
let's go and hopefully today's good
you
right so we've met with Kieran and Danny
we've already had someone call hey
Memphis and yeah it's going pretty well
on our way to insomnia now and it's
pretty hyped all right so we're now
outside of insomnia just before it
starts and with Danny and Karen and we
got subway right well absolutely
demolished that subway and now we're
going back inside to queue up for the
event
absolute hell is broken loose the doors
have been opened
it's like royal madness hello Mel with
Gomez or Bailey
oh where the people found in one
absolute legend
well but not high
the YouTube essential everyone's here
everyone
everyone is
hey make me Michael Guzman Isaac game
face a Memphis
that's cute
Oh
I'll deal
guys who just met up with these two even
if it seems stewardesses yeah I'm very
so slightly which is not said
thanks look guys those are mostly
legends right so here the best will do
literally YouTube and everyone
finally finally
the way in the video it
my ball
so time to stop it
we're going under I don't know where
these lobsters and under under I'm
walking down this the tightening very
scary
don't they're basically on the same
we're on our way to Nando's and by 12
foot are we going to get tables are we
really a table it's gonna be like a la
goes on till the tables made it to
Nando's Danny
Karen cheat your magic it was no Zoey
with that I've been waiting on the food
now got jeans on diet curls
I'm always competition corn pepper chips
gorgeous so we finish the Nando's it was
really nice
this is important question what spices
you go I went medium spice I like me in
spice now we're going back to insomnia
to meet some more subscribers have a
good time and I'm gonna buy it I'm gonna
buy a custom controller because of the
boob and I want a ps4 cuz I'm controller
so we're back insomnia now as you see
what we're gonna do right now
top gear experience none of you hear me
ville look it up we go it on that with
all so at this point we are inside of
the top gear experience and it was
actually pretty fun but my camera died
halfway through and some of the shots
was out of focus but I will show you the
footage anyway
right so just hold up I'm going wait
what's really really fun I'm a camera
died halfway through laughing way to go
situate out you
Ulric moves
easily boys I've been off by right just
met a few more subscribers got a few
photos we tweeted on Twitter I don't
know what we do now we go into some
stage or something Danny what we're
doing going on
look at the bbc's so run the pulse now
the razor boss I think is good Danny
good boy I came to the right
so we I believe in the event now it's
been absolutely sick with these two
so we're leaving Donny mean caring
together to renew and Danny's get a lift
from his dad
so goodbye honey my mom's a Memphis give
it Donny's mummy
Oh
today has been mad right guys so we are
back home I'm honestly today has been
mental so I've met a ton of you guys
tons of you subscribers other pictures
I've spoke to some of you guys and
honestly I'm not joking when I say that
is literally one of the best feelings
ever just speak into the people that
come back to support me every day you
know I spoke to some people I met some
people who had been on the channel since
like two hundred subs which is mental
and it's just been such a good day I've
met a ton of new YouTube friends some
people I've never even spoke to before
i've met today and honestly i've had
such a good time and i also picked up
something so this is something i've been
wanting to get for a while a custom ps4
controller and actually saw that the
custom controllers UK had a stall in
insomnia and I picked up this carbon
fiber ps4 controller so I'm sat down now
and I'm really really tired today has
been completely knackering of us I've
been walking around for like seven eight
hours straight man
we've Alan Nando's we've gone from
Birmingham New Street to international
over and over and of course walking
around the event and meeting you guys
has been tiring boy it's all been worth
it because you know I got to meet some
of you awesome people if you did get 50
with me tweet at me at my Twitter which
is morg Hudson also go follow me on next
and do updates on all of this stuff
basically everything is updated on
Twitter so go follow me on there and if
you did get picture me the event then
tweet at me but it's gonna take this
time to say a massive thank you to you
guys honestly seeing you guys in person
and seeing some of the people that
support me it's just an amazing feeling
like it feels all different than seeing
people on a screen because actually
seeing them in person and speaking to
people is amazing honestly I've got so
much fun today meeting you guys and I'm
definitely going to be going to the next
Insomnia's for as long as I can pretty
much because they are so much fun bulla
thing guys it for this insult in your
vlog if you have enjoyed them please
much alike my voice is literally going
because I've been talking so much today
I want to give a massive shout to
everybody that I met today everybody
that I've spoken to you guys are all
awesome and thank you for making today
such an awesome day shout out all
people that came up to me and got photos
you guys were also awesome so yeah
that's that's pretty much it leave a
comment if you got any feedback or just
any questions you are asked to leave a
like if you enjoyed and as always I've
been more you guys have been awesome and
I'll see you in the next video peace out
