yo guys it's mugs and today we are back
with a FIFA video yes
another FIFA video it's been absolutely
ages since I bring you guys some FIFA
but today I have a pretty good idea of
something we could do so I wanted to do
a draft video but I was thinking what
drafts sort of haven't been done too
much yet and I had a really good idea
that we would do a prank called draft
now I'm not saying this hasn't been done
before but it hasn't been done that much
before basically what we're gonna do is
call up some people youtubers or just
places and just ask them for a number
between one to five and then that number
will obviously be the player we choose
in the foot draft so yeah it's gonna be
pretty awesome I will happily do more
FIFA if you guys want it so tell me in
the comment section below
but now let's get into the foot Jar all
right here we go the formations bang I'm
gonna pick the formation just so it
allows us to get some of the bad players
we are gonna go with free four two one
fine captains o95 Ronaldo and 96 Messi
alright so the first prank call I've got
lined up is on my mom hello hi yeah can
you pick me a number between one and
five why did you pick me number between
one and five three three
that's the highest rated one Thank You
mum yes so my mom is just gonna goes the
high squared player messi inform buying
I'll take it next slot we're gonna go
with striker
so bang who's it gonna be oh that is
good that inform Suarez is very very
tasty you know what next prank call is
gonna be one of my mates hello
pick me number from 1 to 5 for higway in
inform thank you for the worst player
and goodbye right well he goes in for
McGuane which was the worst one there so
sick
alright so that wasn't very good but the
next position we are going for is gonna
be one of the biggest ones and is going
to be left forward hopefully we can see
that team of the Arenado pop up come on
baby
okay isn't team the urinal dough but it
is 97 in Forman our dough
so next we are gonna go ahead and call
Tesco customer service I have to help
you I am I've got a question about an
item but just before that would you mind
giving me a number between one to five
why I just need it real quick so I'm not
willing to do that right oh they won't
even give me a number between one to
five Tesco
what are you doing you ruining my video
okay so here we ring in Sainsbury's
hopefully they'll give me a number
our offices are now closed but please oh
my god their offices are closed okay so
now we're gonna try as them good evening
welcome Jeff it will change when you're
saying it okay would you mind just
quickly giving me a number between one
to five oh no no is this actually
happening they put the phone down
do you know what we're gonna ring swarms
II instead ah all right would you mind
give me a number between one to five man
isn't much to pie and I could have a 97
I could have had 97 Ronaldo and he got
me freaking 82 rated the pie next
position we're gonna go with the right
forward Bale yep we've got ourselves the
Bale Trini yeah would you pick me number
between one to five ah oh you guys
eighty-four rated mycket Aryan inform
brilliant so Trini got an 84 rated
mycket Aryan and the squad is looking
really really bad go with the left mid
and it's gonna be
they're some pretty decent choices so
for this one we're gonna ring an Indian
takeaway hi em could you pick me a
number between one to five five five
thank you oh that was bad for you pick
number five which is Samir Nasri who
does get the link with depay so I'll
take it all right now I'm moving on to
the center mid I don't really care I'm
just gonna ring another friend hi could
you pick me a number between one to five
69 between one to five okay we'll take
those a free thank you will so that is a
free which is cooker and he gets no link
to anyone Henderson won't be too bad
because then we could link it with Nasri
and toupee
I believe this is the blue Dan please
pick me a number between one and five
nice inform Jordan Henderson who is the
best one there thank you dan goes
frickin inform Henderson who is the one
I said I wanted in in fairness so bang
there we go
moving on to the center box now the
middle one Oh Gary Cahill would be good
okay so now we are going to call a
Chinese takeaway and get them to say a
number
hopefully just quickly would you mind
picking a number between one to five and
then yeah would you mind picking a
number between one to five really
quickly I know order to put cooking here
you can pick out one could you please
pick a number dream one two five
please you're giving what number win
yeah what number between one to five
do you like water is one good you like
water yeah yeah well we'll take that one
we'll take that one so inform inclu
comes into the side all right so here
are our choices for the right center
back spot as can see there's some pretty
decent choices there I wouldn't mind
more port a that'd be pretty good but
now we're gonna call up Domino's
become a sweet collector help was your
favorite number between one to five -
thank you very much simple there we go
that is nice customer service number two
we get de vrij the next position is of
course he left sent about so ban there
we go can we get teams a year oh no team
of the year but we can get orange of
Iran which I really would not mind for
the team so to decide which play we pick
we're gonna ring but peace a halt and
hopefully get a number from them so
let's do this just really really quickly
would you mind you me a small favor just
given me a number between one to five
just really really quickly would you
mind you miss a quick favor just giving
me a number to you one two five
would you mind is really quickly giving
me a number between one to five
something's doesn't happen really urgent
a number first between one to five yeah
we take a second
absolutely three free thank you very
much we got freakin sambar Aldo so
basically for the goalkeeper spot we're
gonna ring up Wagga Mama's which is my
favorite food place and hopefully
they'll give us a number hi there and
would you mind picking a number between
one two five two five
yeah oh thank you very much oh so she
picked four and midway through that I've
just realized that we haven't even gone
the freaking position yet fourth option
is Pantilimon who is again the worst one
there bang there we go the team is done
and to be honest it looked very very bad
but now what we're gonna do is
automatically complete the bench and
hopefully get some good players then
we're going to mess around with a team
get some good chemistry and then see
what we can get the squad ready to be
complete the bench Shawn
Oh Bale striker Ronaldo oh we got some
mad choices so we've got striker Bale
left wing Ronaldo in front Coutinho and
also orange Pegula boom there is the
squad now complete as you can see I've
made a few changes
we've got 87 rays in foam strike Egwene
playing at centre mid and the team is
just an absolute shambles by the way
what we're all gonna do is get a manager
in coop we got I really don't think it
Mars so there we go guys a six rate in a
free chemistry why is the rating gonna
be 169 that's not good I said I wanted
more than 180 and we didn't even get 170
I think that deserves a forfeit toxic
waste let's do this Oh No No right guys
so that's the end of this prank called
foot draft I hope you have enjoyed took
me a lot of time to record and obviously
setup so a light rain would much
appreciated as I said it's star the
video if you want more FIFA then tell me
in the comment section below
and also tell me why I should actually
do both those right for the video so as
always I've been morgues you guys have
been awesome and I'll see you guys in
the next video peace
Oh
