yo guys it's morgues and basically today
we have the diet coke challenge result
now this is long-awaited this actually
should have ended about a week ago week
ago that's not funny
but anyway yeah so I I was ill I'm I
took the break from YouTube and yeah
today we have the results of the diet
coke challenge so basically if you don't
know what the dico challenge actually is
it's a challenge that I made up about
three weeks ago where I basically
challenge you guys to see how many cans
of diet coke cans of Diet Coke
you can drink in three minutes and
whoever drank the most cans of Diet Coke
in three minutes actually got a ten pack
of Diet Coke mailed to them and also a
note from me and I was infected a few
entries and yes it's fair to say that we
got a lot so I had to go with this
challenge and I got two cans it was
really really hard a lot harder than it
looks just when you sat at home watching
this and yeah I watched every single
diet coke challenge well I'm pretty sure
of a single diet coke challenge and
today we have the results of who is the
winner and it's going to be pretty
freakin awesome so awesome that I'm
gonna drink a diet coke while announcing
it yes
gorgeous so guys there is a slide bit of
a twist to this video because I don't if
you guys know this or not you probably
don't but there isn't just one winner
there's two so the record for the amount
of diet coke comes drank in three
minutes was seven
holy crap so yeah two people managed to
get seven cans drank in three minutes
and oh my god I got two they got blue
seven oh my god that's incredible
so today what we will be doing is
watching both of the diet coke challenge
winners both of their entries and it's
going to be pretty awesome so let's
getting to the first winner and their
diet coke challenge so here is the first
winner of the diet coke challenge and
his name is Jack in a box and he was the
first person to get seven cans so now we
are going to be watching his attempt and
I've got film that's gonna be pretty
awesome
Christ is making me look like a right
fool I was doing tiny sip please get it
all down like holy crap
gone go on lad don't the first come
already Jesus but he'll is almost on the
second con Christ
Hey done the second one my goodness come
on get it down yes
third car down whoo no time wasted in
between no time wasted you got this you
got this ball through it shit Oh comes
already by God my god you got this
ooh six down you're almost there
come on you're almost there keep going
you're almost there
come on come on good yes he's done it he
thought he got seven oh my god that's
amazing Wow so nicely first winner and
that is Jack in a box with his attempt
seven cans holy crap so both of the
winners videos and channels will be in
the description below I highly advise
you go and subscribe to them and check
out their video of the diet coke
challenge to watch the full thing
because that was obviously highlights
and the next video will be highlights
but massive congratulations to you
jack-in-the-box well done for being such
a beast and do the challenge you
completely demolished me with my two
cans fucking seven seven comes my god
now the next winner and the next video
we will be watching is by soccer Steve
now he got seven cans just like Jack in
a box he actually went a little bit into
the eighth card bought the time of run
out and they both they both finished
seven cans so that's why they are both
the winners for the challenge so now
let's get into the video let's see how
he does I think we all we all know is
going to be amazing but let's just bless
what let's watch this thing time I
started first card love I'm just ahead
just gently drinking sips out of this
can and they're just here demolishing
come by can in like ten seconds like
what am i doing
do downer Eddie boys mmm mmm good can't
down in putting one minute and he's done
free Wow
oh come on boy four down holy crap you
got this come on this is amazing I oh my
god come on come on come on go on come
on come on
Oh fine this this is where it gets hard
once I can just tell you guys if you get
if you manage to get past that that fear
for that sixth card it gets almost
unbearable literally and I have start to
feel really really bad
this is the seventh card this is the
draw gone you got this you got this 27
seconds on the clock and that I'm buying
there you go as you could tell that is
seven cans and here is his attempt at
the eighth can he got a little bit of it
free to one buying only one way to react
to those two videos Wow
so it's clear that both of the winners
were clearly on the dico grind ha ha ha
hard to get it somewhere on the dike
coat grind jumper anyway guys that is
the end of the diet coke challenge I
just want to say a massive massive thank
you to everybody that submitted a
challenge for this I had had such a good
time watching them honestly the the
burps and seeing you guys you know go
for it was really really entertain
and you know I really hope you guys had
fun making the videos I guess I mean it
wasn't the most pleasant challenge ever
but sorry
so both of the winners Socastee x' and
jack-in-the-box their links will be in
description below to their diet coke
challenges I strongly recommend that you
go and subscribe to them and tell them
congratulations because they would go
and congratulate them guys let's must be
nice people and let's go ungraduated
so I will be getting contact with both
of the winners that'll all be sorted out
don't worry they're going to get their
stuff and congratulations once again to
both events I know they will be Austin's
video Sokol Steve jack-in-a-box
congratulations you guys are tanks and
they're there's me with the two cans
looking like a mug but anyway guys hope
you did enjoy this video and if you did
enjoy them please leave a like it'd be
amazing if could put for 1000 lives
remember to go and tell them
congratulations for being awesome people
and winning the challenge and also if
you did attend the challenge
thank you for attempting it if you've
got any questions or feedback then you
know where to leave it the comment
section below and also thank you all so
much for the amazing support on the
merchandise it's all going really well
you guys seem to all enjoy you guys that
have actually boys seem to all be really
enjoying it and that is just what I
wanted and thank you all but anyway I've
been morgues you guys have been awesome
and I'll see you in the next video peace
out if you like the video then I love
you
you
