right so we've got visitors around and
my pool won't calm down
so he's gonna have to be in my room for
this video so if there's some black
thing moving around the room while I'm
trying to do this video it's plug so
back to where I was
yo guys this morgues and today we do
have a fan mail opening now I'm just get
something out the way before we sighs
video I hate the word fan mail like I
don't like using the word funds to
describe you guys but when I talk to
people about it they all refer to it as
fan mail so that's why I'm gonna call it
for this video I don't wanna sound
really cocky like oh look at me and all
my fans I don't want to be that guy for
anyway that's what this video is titled
so I'm sorry if it sounds a bit cocky
but that's not why I'm going for
oh I'm car dealers carefully we don't it
oh we've got a drawing and an O so
that's pretty cool
what oh my god that is so sick look at
that look at that guy's that's amazing
wait let me focus it boo look at that
drawing of the diet coke can and then
it's morgue sigh so sick I don't
understand all you guys seem to be
really good joys then there's me that's
just like a five-year-old so I'm going
to read the lay out now dear mugs you
are a huge inspiration in my life and
everyday I strive to be as good as a
youtubers you you are truly awesome and
if you ever are in a bad day just
remember you have over 8,000 amazing
fans that look up to you this is from
Simpson 77 who is by far one of the most
amazing people that I have ever met join
my youtube journey is such an awesome
guy and I know I'll be watching this
right now so thank you so so much for
that drawing under note it really does
mean a lot to me yeah thanks a lot
so amp I'm I'm getting like a wall where
I put my fan mail so I will definitely
put in a picture on the wall no doubt
about that
all right there next we have the biggest
one which is this yeah oh yeah this is
one confusing them box I'll clean it up
I think we're in all of our Bruno's are
set to head back there just watch it so
whoa Jesus it fell oh I like it
oh my gosh sorry about that hi there
look so I'm going to be picking it all
up off the floor
alright so I haven't
in it I picked it up and I'm holding
this is like the main bill to the camera
under yeah I'm gonna look at it now oh
my god look at that
holy crap that is amazing oh I said like
a collage of all my thumbnails and then
oh my god I sick wait let me try and let
me try and focus it better oh my god
guys look at that that is so epic focus
yes
alright then honestly that is incredible
look at that collage I must have taken
so long to do
holy right this is definitely going
on the wall too oh my god I swear I have
like the best subscribers in the world
and it also sent me a bunch of stickers
woo
right so I've just read them now I'm
gonna read out again here this is from
Kathy M and I do know who you are
hey Marge my name is Casius I own a
YouTube channel as well called Cassie M
I know I made this little poster sort of
thing to give back to you for making
such awesome videos this postal a bit
better on the computer I can tweet at
you if you want my printer is just a bit
 article is pretty sick thanks for
the awesome videos and make holy crap
you just jumped thanks for the awesome
videos and by the way make apparel I
hunt done actually the link will be in
the description but yeah I need to hurry
up cuz we're already 10 minutes into the
recording and I've opened two of them
but thank you so much for that man that
is incredible that you take the time to
put them all on one piece of paper and
do that for me I'm sorry I'm totally
with the dog it's being really annoying
but thank you so much right so I've let
the dog go because he's been a nothing
little but let's get back to this
opening Oh so we've got the nail what
the hell oh my god oh oh
settle amazing look at that I don't know
if the camera is gonna pick this off for
those like a pain they painted and ice
so incredible rice I've just read down
tire and that came from Matt and said a
tech genie t3g I just want to mention
now all the channels will be in
description below but thank you so much
for making that for me guys made out of
acrylic paint and it took them about
days to do so that means so much to me
and thank you so much he also said will
you be framing it and oh yeah I'm gonna
frame that definitely in fact I'm gonna
try and frame everything that is sent to
me in this video so we can have an
awesome little wall of light framed
pictures cuz I think that'd be pretty
awesome but once again thank you so much
oh my god what the hell so this is a
hand-drawn photo and it's like an a free
piece of paper and look at that that's
so cool
so this him comes from its digital fever
who I do now and he's an awesome guy and
and this was on the 9th of January so
I'll go actually so I'm going to quickly
beat the notice on the back hello morgue
I just want to say anything you are sick
youtuber thank you and you should have
more stuff thank you again at the time
of writing this you're nine thousand two
hundred and sixty three subsalicylate to
be fair but you will have a rapist not
by the time of reading this send my look
to your family and hope that they're all
safe and well from this digital fever
mat PS I hope you liked the drawing
thank you so much man that really does
mean a lot to me
one final analysis even got the same
color shirt that I usually wear my video
that I did wearing my video a lot before
I got this jumper but thanks a lot man
that really doesn't me not to me so here
we have got a little letter which I'll
open it's taped it shot so I'm gonna use
a knife again so don't end up ripping it
because I feel so bad imagine I getting
like mail from subscribe and then
accidentally ripping it so we've got
looks like two letters
maybe one of them's our drawing I don't
know we'll have look at this one first
Hey ha ha that's sick and I assume this
is the Wow shows the drawing in a minute
tomorrow I'm posting new this because
you post great content and I wanted to
repay you
thanks so much I made a diet coke
especially for you hope you have a great
Christmas and enjoy your new year I
think this was like the first bit of a
glass so this took the for Christmas
this was ages ago and from Finn and his
YouTube is Finn plays Twitter's here and
as I said I'll leave everyone channels
in description below but I'll share this
picture so he's done a little diet coke
can and then put my face on it so thanks
love for the heart that's really awesome
right so here we got something from Dani
car and they actually sent me a can of
carob Diet Coke and a chocolate bar so
thanks a lot for that and he has done a
lot to which I'm going to read right now
so yeah give me a minute
so am I'm good friends with Danny now
but he did this quite a while ago before
we like spoke a lot so that's why some
of its like him actually introducing
himself but I do know Danny and it's a
really sick future but to be fair I gave
him a shout-out on my channel because
he's always been supporting me but hi
Moore's my name is Danny Carla I loved
your video so I'm going to stop saying
that I'm not going to film like you but
I'm a recent subscriber of two months
I'd also like to say enjoy your diet
coat because I know you had a shortage
and also the chocolate I'm loving the
content so keep up bro please keep doing
what you're doing absolutely love it
love the video stay good keep safe so
thanks a lot for that Danny
as I said Evans links will be in
description below and thanks all for
that I'm gonna definitely that Diet Coke
tonight and yeah this chocolate bar does
look pretty damn tempting but yeah guys
guys the end of this fan mail opening
against I've same fan mail boy if you
have enjoyed the police much alive go
and check up on Santa in description
below because you know they took the
time to send me this stuff so it'd be
awesome if we could go over them and
thanks a lot to everyone who did send me
stuff it really really just mean a lot
to me and I'm gonna try and get this fun
like mail wall settled soon so I will do
a video on that after I've got a so if I
get around to actually doing it I think
I will um but yeah thanks a lot guys
also as I said at the start of the video
if you want to send me stuff hit me up
on Twitter at mortising and we can DM
and talk about
you've got any questions or feedback
remember Lydon in the comment section
below but as always I've been morgues
you guys have been awesome and I'll see
you in the next video peace out
