so before we get into the actual settle
there is just a few things I need to
talk about with you guys
number one it's actually how I got the
money to buy some of this stuff now
obviously a lot of it came from
Christmases and birthdays because I'm
still quite young but the rest of it
actually came from working a few jobs
I'm actually getting revenue from
YouTube which I actually used to get new
equipment like this microphone and that
camera to improve the video quality and
the view and experience for you guys and
the second thing is pretty much I've a
bedroom at my mom's I'm a dad because
they split up so that means transferring
my set off from house to house is really
really hard so sometimes I can only take
certain parts of it because obviously
currently take an entire set off from
house to house which means it's not
always like this this is it on the prime
this is it where everything is all
together so something else you might be
asking me is why are you doing another
set up tour because if you don't know
already I've already done one and it did
get over 100,000 views I'm not doing it
to try and get more views I'm not doing
it to try and get more money I'm
actually doing it simply because it is
my most requested video and also because
I don't know if you've seen my old set
up top 4 it's absolutely garbage it was
one of the first videos I ever recorded
and I definitely needed to do an update
to it to show that I actually do know
quite a bit about my settle but that is
pretty much everything I needed to say
so now we are going to get into the
settle tour and I hope that you guys
enjoy so as you can see here is where
you enter and it is just a door pretty
much as you can see we've got some
stickers on there this little flap
required from different products and
some dressing gowns and a cap which I
never wear so I don't know why that's
even there so if I pretty much stand
like what you do when you enter you see
two parts to the room this part and this
part this is the part with the setup on
it and we are going to start with the
more boring side which is this side so
I'm not going to spend ages summing this
up because it's not too special but here
we have a TV and some boxes up there
ghost mouth to shave and we have a ton
of games and DVDs under there now I used
to have a stand which went down there
pretty much where I put all my games in
but actually broke so I am going to get
a new one then soon but for now they're
just gonna have to go under the TV so
here we have some different camera
equipment on an old little chair which
really needs to get moved but here we
have my main cam
stuff which is for my DSLR camera the
700d which we'll get onto later as you
can see we have the strap and a few
other lens covers and stuff so yeah that
pretty much all the stuff I use for my
700d here we have my bed which is a
double bed and funny story this bed was
already here when I moved into the house
because obviously this is my mom's house
and this was been much left here so I
thought yeah I'll just use it and it's
pretty nice bed down here we have an
absolute ton of cables these are mainly
my camera chargers but there is also a
phone charger down there and sometimes I
charge my laptop down there and here we
have my speaker now this is a 40 pound
speaker and is an absolute tank I mean
literally a tank you could probably pick
this thing go off eBay for about 20 quid
used and it is worth every penny it's
such a good speaker it has an iPhone
dock and it's just awesome before it
quit you really can't go wrong
and here we have some TV remotes my
phone and some junk which is in these
drawers so what we are going to do is
move across now to this half of the room
and we're gonna start with this sofa now
you may ask why the hell have you got
yourself in your room if I'm honest with
you guys I don't really use it that much
this was actually here when we moved
into the house and because my mom
actually brought over a sofa this one
was either gonna get wet dumped or sold
and you can't get much money for it so I
said I'll sit in my room and here we
have a carrier case and some sweets
because I'm pretty fat also one thing to
point out just before we move on is just
to put myself aware of this awesome bear
fan art which was actually made for me
by a subscriber there's a whole
different video on this where I actually
open this if you want to watch it the
link will be in the description below
but now we are going to move on to the
thing which you've probably all been
waiting for
the setup bang now before we get into
the actual desk we are going to start
with the chair now this is a GTO maker
chair but I've actually removed the
cushions which seems are it weird
because the cushions are kind of the
only thing when you know there is a GTO
maker so I will need to go get them back
on which I'll probably do after this
video to be honest moving along we have
my two softbox lights currently one of
them is turned on which is this one and
the other one isn't which is right there
they're actually really awesome to help
you so much when recording videos
they're just awesome I really do
recommend them
so going closer to the desk here the
next thing to look at is my audio at2020
mic now I did use to have the blue Yeti
microphone but actually broke so I had
to get a new mic and I thought I would
try out the at2020
I'm really happy with this mic it is a
very very professional mic and it just
sound very good I also have this pop
built over it which I got eBay for five
pounds so it's a pretty good deal on the
desk we have my Corsair gaming extended
mouse mat which pretty much covers the
entire desk and it does really make the
setup a lot cleaner in my opinion here
we have my main keyboard which is just
the standard Apple keyboard now it's
wireless
it looks pretty sleek I do like this
keyboard and to say I got it free with
my Mac I'll take it here we have a
really awesome Logitech mouse now this
thing is so comfortable to use get your
entire hand around it it's just a really
really nice Mouse and I really do like
it I got it for about 40 pounds again
off eBay I did get a llama stuff off
eBay but this is one of my favorite
Mouse's I've ever used if not my
favorite all together so now we are
going to talk about my 21.5 inch iMac
now I know a lot of people don't like
Mac's or just Apple in general but I
really do like them I won't say I'm an
Apple fanboy but I really do like Uppal
products and this Mac just does
everything I wanted to do so perfect
editing it's really easy browsing the
web is clean and fast and it's just an
awesome computer all around so move it
along now to my middle monitor this is
just a random 27-inch samsung tv now
this used to be my main TV when I used
to live in my old house when my mom dad
were together and this was just my main
TV where I feel most gamed on and I did
take it over to my mom's it's a pretty
decent TV it's quite old but I do
actually have it hooked up to as you can
see my Xbox one which is just behind so
this is where I do most of my gaming I
do have black ops 3 as you can see just
sat on there because backup free and
FIFA I'm a pretty much favorite games
they're both awesome games and this
one's alright I guess it's not the worst
console I do enjoy it but sometimes it
can get really annoying and the Kinect
was so overhyped and moving along here
we have my final monitor which is the
bank you monitor this was actually my
dad but he let me have it because he got
a newer one and it's alright I guess it
does the job it's fine for me and if we
move below the desk
I've got my PC now you may be saying why
the hell have you got PC if you already
got Mac to be honest I got this quite a
while ago isn't the best PC if I'm
honest in my last video I said this run
like a beast but I was kind of telling a
white lie because it really doesn't as
soon as I got it it did all right but
now is full of viruses is really slow
and I am trying to sell it but the
problem is it sells forfeited with
nothing because it isn't very good and
doesn't me try sound really ungrateful
it just genuinely isn't very good
it just can't barely run anything and to
be honest it was a really bad purchase
so moving along here we have my
mini-fridge now I got this for 65 pound
off of ebay which is actually a really
good deal cuz I actually looked at how
much it is normally and it was around
110 pound and in there as you can see
I've got some diet coke and just above
that we have some mail from subscribers
and a Dyson Airblade fan which I again
got off eBay and I got it for about 75
pound and it's a really really nice fan
and then as you can see we have two Xbox
controllers which are just charging and
here we have my four tubs of G fuel now
I really don't want mentioning this in
videos because everyone automatically
assumes I'm a little phase want to be
and I drink this to try and be bear at
quickscoping however that is not the
case I drink this because it helps me
get up in the morning it actually gives
me energy and it only has 25 calories
and a lot less bad stuff in it than
normal energy drinks so that's why I
drink it and just above that way up my
two headsets which are mounted on the
wall by these little headphone mounts
which are golf eBay for four pound for
two of them and them yeah pretty much
I do use the Astro a40 s as my main
headset this is a really old one again
it from my old house but I thought bring
it over rather than selling it because I
don't really know I haven't used it in
ages I should probably just sell it but
the Aster way for is are such a good
headset I asked them we love them and
now to conclude this set up video we are
going to talk about my camera now I use
the Canon 700d now I got this not long
ago and it is such an amazing camera I
use it for all my face comes in all my
videos and it is such an amazing camera
the tripod I've attached to it is just
this random one it was really cheap
the camera is incredible and actually we
do have one more thing to talk about on
the setup and that is the LED lights now
how could I forget these bad boys let me
just turn off the lights in the room so
we can really see what effect these do
have so all the lights are now turned
off as you can tell and you can really
get a glimpse for what these actually do
I call these for 10 pound off Amazon and
they are so useful they make it set up
pretty much to a different level so as
you can see you can change the color of
these lights to pretty much everything
you've got blues you've got greens
you've got purples you've got reds
you've got pretty much everything and
something which is really cool is you do
get all the settings and there's
actually a setting on it called fade
which if you press it pretty much fades
between every color on the actual remote
which is absolutely awesome as you can
see it gently fades from all the colors
and it is so awesome when doing like
videos and just making yourself look
sick because it looks pretty cool with
those lights behind now I realize LEDs
are for everyone but I really like them
right guys so that's the end of the set
of tour got any questions about some
certain products or anything you just
want to ask me about billion settled I'm
not an expert but I will try my best to
answer all your questions in the comment
section below as I said at the start of
the video I did work to get quite a lot
of my stuff and I also get a better
revenue for YouTube which I use to
improve my setup pretty much so if you
have enjoyed and please muscle like I'm
not trying to make myself look like I
know everything about cycles I clearly
don't I still got a lot to learn I'm
only doing this tour to show you what
mine is at the moment and if you know a
lot of our setups and you know where can
improve my settle and tell me in the
conversation below because I hope we
take a look what guys about it for this
video as always I've been more you guys
have been awesome
I'll see you in the next video peace
you
Oh
