yo guys it's morgues and today I have a
pretty funny story to tell you about and
I'm gonna be telling it yeah while live
commentating over Call of Duty which is
going to be new for me because I'm
terrible Call of Duty we're now got to
play it while I'm talking at the same
time so today I actually had a delivery
and it was this great G fuel oh god no
why did I mention G fuel now everyone's
gonna think I'm a little phase kid
wannabe yeah I drink this because I'm
fine waiting it's got low calories and
it helps me get up in the morning so
please shush well anyway now we've got
all the cringe out the way we are going
to get into the call of duty and the
story so I'm looking a bit in this
direction by the way that's where my TV
is so this story happened not too long
ago he actually happened I think it was
about a week ago no Sherlock that joke
is so dead so the story didn't happen
too long ago I'm basically I passed the
hell so I was at the hospital just
having a few checkups and that it wasn't
anything serious but one of the checkup
they needed was a blood test now I'm
I've gotten I've had one blood test in
the past and basically they stuck a
needle there there there and there and I
had no problems with it it didn't really
hurt just to like a little prick and I'm
fine with blood I've watched quite a few
saw films and stuff like that just an
example you know I'll happily watch the
fight that without like school I'm not
like squeamish or anything but I'm not
gonna lie to guys I was a little bit
nervous because last time I had the
blood test I was on normed this time
they weren't doing anything to numb me
so I didn't know how much it was gonna
hurt more turns out I didn't hurt
anymore but I was a little bit nervous
so basically wisely ended up happening
was I was laid on the bed she stuck the
needle in it was all fine you know it
didn't hurt that much I kind of watched
it come out and you know I was feeling
everything was fine and after about a
while the century hundred comes and
wrecks me so yeah as I was saying after
about five minutes of the blood beam
removed
I starts to feel a little bit queasy and
I started
I lose the feeling of my feet now me
obviously my brain was working fine
I knew that my feet were there and
everything I just couldn't feel them so
I thought to get the blood flowing again
I'd take him to my own hands to get up
off the bed and start walking around
that was a big mistake
so yeah the room of that scene was quite
long the nurse was on the other side of
the room so and there was no stopping me
pretty much I just I was like yeah I'm
just gonna go and walk a bit she didn't
really say stop because I counted it was
already off the bed when I actually said
it but yet I got up and my feet they
just weren't working like it felt like I
just had like two stumps and there was
just no feet there I was trying to walk
like you would usually and it just
wasn't working out I'm actually on for a
care package here so I should probably
concentrate I just messed it up at least
we got the UAV so yeah what happened is
I fell I walked about two feet and then
it just went happening a hobbled along
the nurse and my mum tried to come for
me and like grab me so I didn't fall but
I fell now luckily what they actually
told me is I didn't hit my head that
badly and just completely was knocked
out so I just completely lost it the
last thing I remember doing was falling
and I was actually passed out for about
five minutes
so the doctor told me that why actually
happened is I landed on my back and did
hit my head because if I hit my head it
could have gone really badly so it is
kind of lucky that I didn't actually do
that or your care package oh wow we're
just gonna Nick me UAV but when I woke
up I was just completely out of there I
could remember thing of what happened up
to actually falling at the restaurant
again from my doctor who told me what
happened wild to sleep at night because
I asked about it obviously I was a bit
curious because and woke up everyone was
surrounding me and I was like what just
happened so when I woke up I was
actually in my bed they said they
actually lifted me up God knows how they
did it away about a ton for the next 10
minutes I have to be moved round on an
actual stretcher because I couldn't walk
why literally my feet I could not feel
them still it did actually wear off a
bit which was good but it was kind of a
scary
experience but yeah pretty much I just
thought this was a really funny story
nothing like this has ever happened to
me before so I just thought this was
kind of hilarious noted this is actually
my own stupidity for actually standing
up well yeah I've learned my lesson now
if you've had a blood test and you are
feeling queasy and you can't feel your
feet it ain't a good idea to try and
stand up but yeah that is pretty much it
for this video I guess this was a bit of
a life story which is new for me because
my life is pretty boring I was sitting
side all day I'm literally mugging
myself off in my home video while we're
doing but once again I hope you have
enjoyed the video if we could smash 750
lights I'll be absolutely incredible if
you do want some more videos like this
the actual live commentaries then I will
bring you some more even though terrible
a black ops 3 and commentating over
isn't is actually gonna help me get
better I bet there's gonna be that one
kid in the comments it's like yeah sure
I do you can YouTube even though I said
at the start video that I'm shit and
I'll happily admit it but anyway guys
that's pretty much it if you've got any
questions feedback then leave them in
the comment section below but as always
I've involved you guys have been awesome
and I'll see you in the next video peace
