yo guys it's more than today we have
another reactive video because let's
face it I want more views and money no
honestly I'm joking but the first thing
you are probably wondering is what is
this white thing in the background I'm
gonna tell you pretty much this is a new
mattress because I weigh too much for
mine no again I'm joking but it was
rolled up when we bought it so it needed
to lay down on the floor so it's just
kind of there for the next few videos
anyway we are so off topic today we are
going to be reacting to old photos
because I don't know
so I've already humiliated myself twice
before reacting for videos and rapped
into more old videos but today we're
going to take it to a new level and
react to some of my old photos and I'm
not talking one from like a year ago I'm
talking going back you know three or
four years to when I used to have long
hair down to my shoulders and used to
take photos like a year 7 with no
friends alright then so here's the first
one this was taken about three years ago
and as you can tell I look very
enthusiastic everyone has a photo like
this where you take a selfie and you try
and look serious and hard but you end up
just looking like someone who's about to
commit suicide that's not supposed to be
offensive by the way alright so believe
it or not that's probably one of the
least embarrassing ones so we are going
to move on ok so here's another one
where I look like I'm going through
depression instead this time I have
headphones on sick oh dear why even is
this so I was clearly going for the
duckface but I just look more like a
meatball I mean look at the resemblance
with the shape of the head and a
meatball it's almost identical you know
what doesn't even the most embarrassing
thing about this photo
Macha wilder dubrow's hanging on the
train dubrow's da bros haha was fucking
dreadful
now the next picture is where I went
into the shaved head stage where I had
the entire head shaved except for a
little bit on the top I thought it
looked cool but I just ended up looking
like this
I literally look like an egg with a
little splodge on top and just look at
the face I'm pullin imagine waking up
and seeing that next year Jesus Christ
you'd have a heart attack and you know
what's even more embarrassing
I made that my profile picture for about
a month oh my god
what a little more so I started to
realize how shit that haircut was just
having a splurge on top so I decided to
get the gel out and try and form it into
a mohawk and this happened no this is
just getting out of hand I literally had
a mohawk I walked around school with a
mohawk I walked around in public with
uhm oh my god what an absolute disaster
oh my goodness I look like a hedgehog
porn
absolute Donal next we have another one
of those really cool photos where you
act really serious but end up looking
like someone going through depression
around this time I got my first Apple
computer and that's why I'd be funny to
post a picture using the photo boom face
change a thing yeah this happened oh my
god
till this next photo is possibly the
most cringe-worthy thing I've ever seen
it may even be more cringeworthy than I
have the spider it Steve oh yeah the
spider it poison it one bite it's just
the tongue it's just the tongue like
what no just oh my god
by the way guys I know some of these
look like they could have been taken
yesterday but trust me they are taken
two or three years ago I don't still do
that shit this is back in light year
seven wrath or sticking your tongue out
and added a rainbow filter was so cool
and it just wasn't I just can't
I mean I'm even cringing at myself right
so I was having a really long and hard
think about whether to include these
arrows in the video and I thought I've
already embarrassed myself enough let's
just go all the way so these are going
back about four years when I used to
have hair down to my shoulders so the
only fix I can actually find on myself
with long hair were my old school photos
so I'm gonna have to hold onto the
camera yeah there we go oh my goodness
look at that hair what how did I look in
a mirror in the morning and think that
looked good I look like a woolly
orangutan so the final photo is without
a doubt the most embarrassing photo
there's ever been taken of me ever and
I'm going to share with you guys so AM
who here goes nothing
yep that's me I just can't even see look
if I show you the back can even see
where I've tried to rip up the photo
when I was young because even I was
embarrassed by it I tell you what if
we're gonna hit a hundred lights I'll
put this on my wall for a week rather
than boy so I hope you have enjoyed this
video it's been a bit of a laugh even
though I've just practically made myself
a meme why I can't wait for all the meme
pictures coming in for me on Twitter
after this video is public my Twitter
links in the description by the way
hashtag sellout but
I've said it puts much 800 lights I'll
put it on my walls for seven days you
guys are absolutely awesome thank you
for the much support at the moment we
are closing in on 12,000 in fact by the
time this video is public maybe even hit
it who knows y'all know why I won't
since this video is recorded in advance
yeah we got any questions feedback or
just general comments you know where to
leave them a comment section below as
always IVA morg you guys have been
awesome and I'll see you in the next
video peace out don't forget subscribe
Oh
