in the past there's been many Pak
superstitions the nose pack the elbow
pack the forehead pack but today we aim
to bring a new park opening superstition
that will prove to be the key way to get
yourself incredible players on FIFA 16
I'm not talking about any ordinary
superstition I'm talking of course about
the diet coke pack
yo guys it's malls and today we have
another team of the air pack opening on
FIFA 16 but this one is pretty unique
because oh my god
EA have released every single pack on
FIFA for the entire team of the year
being impact I can't even process this
in my mind EA actually did something
nice for the community like when does
that ever happen and guess what we're
not opening 15 case when I open in 25
case we're not opening the other 25 case
we're not open in 35 case we're not
opening 50 cases we are going to be
opening the hundred K packs
we're hitting this hard it's a first
hundred K pack boom this is gone it's
opening come on hit me with a blue hit
me with a blue taking a while oh my god
we got one in the backpack and voice Lew
oh my goodness look Danny always in the
third bag
oh my gosh no fucking Ravens got that
I've gone to red
oh my god oh my god this is not B this
is not fake look bang oh my god persona
no no no I oh no no no no no no no no no
we just got the team of the year Danny
Oliver's in the first park boy and I'm
speechless
I'm actually speechless this account is
holy this account is pat me too oh how
much does he go for come on no you are
joking me five 500k 500k see a smart
person now would stop the video and take
the profit however I'm a retard so we're
gonna carry on
no but seriously though Royce is another
like 79
god this is incredible I would go like
us out even know this like as a who goes
for like 15k anyway the second part this
is two in a row right now if we got one
here
I would I don't like to know what I
don't actually know yeah we didn't get
one we got a Miranda that small I was
expecting all right then well that's a
bit of a letdown but hey ho right so as
always I've got a can of Diet Coke right
here and I'm just gonna crack into it
yeah well look you a diet coke pack is
just open my control of the blade down
by the way no way I'm lost
d Oh King I'm sorry for so much fun in
this video but I just pet to team of the
years in free Pat are you kidding me man
oh my god
now genuinely I am completely speechless
I am 100% completely speechless yay I
love you oh my god I genuinely can't
believe this shit that's another part
another king of the year another hundred
kpop guys I'm okay here we go
Jesus Christ I think Maddie got another
one I got buddy I like okay I'm kind of
glad in a way because if we they got
another one I don't know why I would
have done this dico would have probably
ended up on my head see I don't like
abusing the diet go pack but since I
want another one we're gonna do another
diet coke pack and just to prove you
it's real buying our
Oh oh my god BC the best my children all
time no are you joking are you joking me
no let go Jimmy King joke
oh my god snippin entertain his 700k no
no one you are gonna think this is
actually so fake look la la la la la
I'll hold this hook to the camera okay
left no no on life life nope I'm going
wrong with like Wi-Fi fuck fuck fuck
fuck fuck
right right right look at this this is
not fake I genuinely swear down I don't
know how to react
I generally I don't what do I do like
what do I actually do I have this pact
um I've spent 400 K right 400 K I've
gone 400 from the first Danny 400 from
the second Danny I'm the 700 from Bale
another dico part like I'm not joking
when I say this that diet coke cups are
literally the how you get good players I
don't know what it is
but I've done about five Geico packs in
the last few days and I've managed to
get me about four three or four million
I'm done oh my goodness do you know what
I'm filming this fuck opening was the
best decision of my life which really
inform bail in formal informal informal
and so if you want first I will approve
buying first owner and all that the
selling shit club now won't stick there
we go I genuinely think they are trying
to kill me and I'm at my heart I do a
little bit of a burr burr burr burr burr
pie then another hundred K pack I'm
crossing my fingers and I'm
oh okay I think think another one my
little bit too good to be true right so
my camera just died which isn't very
good but we are back I guess what we
have gone more packs haha oh my god I
can't believe this but we're gonna do
some more parts more hundred k packs and
we are gonna do another night go pack
because I think it's kind of obvious why
it's got so many good players
I then 100 K bang come on come on oh no
don't go oh yeah yeah yeah yeah getting
Yoho we got Jana Tori I will take a Yaya
tour√©
getting you know what that pack is
decent I'll take it next one is a
no-look pack oh my god there we go it's
done
holy shit if we get something good to
know that'd be insane because I have got
quite a few good players in these in the
past so we're gonna look in three two
one love it silver new way of we just
got David fucking silver that is
absolutely sick he's a TA treated man
yes get in there we got a damaged silver
card that's absolutely insane him I'm
actually really happy with that I'm not
even joking that's a really good pole
you know what we're gonna crack into
some 50k packs because I don't know 50k
back see more heart so let's see if we
get anyone in this one come on we're
gonna skip it skip no way up we do punch
an 87 River e oh my god what is going on
today with the look II
oh my god is like is a 70k no way if we
just got another good player are you
taking the piss man oh my god
contract pack a silver pack and 1500
coins getting mixed contract pack Wow
get discarded alright then guys so that
is the end of this pack opening and oh
my god it has been absolutely insane
so all you guys say in clickbait
clickbait clickbait piss off right
we just got informed Gareth Bale who is
worth seven hundred thousand coins we
have got team of the year Danny Alvarez
who is worth five hundred thousand coins
and another team with the year Danny
Galvez who is worth five hundred
thousand coins so holy shit man holy
shit right hear me out here cuz I'm
going to say something pretty big I
think this could be one of the best pack
openings on FIFA 16 because hear me out
right because you know you're probably
be saying what about all these pack
openings where you get Ronaldo and Messi
all these big youtubers right just take
a second to imagine how much FIFA points
and obviously coins I've had to buy in
how many packs are about to open in
order to actually make that pack opening
worth uploading you know they open a lot
of parks I have just opened one hundred
million literally under a million coins
and we have got so much profit is
unbelievable it may not be the best I'll
be honest but I think it's right up
there with some of the best pack
openings of Team of the Year pity mulch
or maybe even not FIFA 16 all together
right so hope you have enjoyed this
video if you haven't then there's
probably something wrong with you or you
just don't like FIFA because this has
been such an awesome FIFA video in my
opinion you know we've packed some
incredible players if the smash like
that'd be absolutely awesome I'm going
to ask something big since this is
absolutely incredible video or an
incredible pack opening anyway I'm gonna
ask for 850 likes I think it's doable
because oh my god I don't think we're
ever gonna see it all the pack opening
like this from me anyway because I
usually get no one can we all get some
diet coke pack looks spam in the comment
section below because oh my god Diet
Coke packs are unbelievable
anyway that is about it so as always
I've been more
books you guys have been awesome and
I'll see you in the next video
peace out
you
