10,000 subscribers oh my god yo guys
it's mugs and today we have my 10,000
subscriber special and just before get
into it I want to say you probably
should wash on the end of the video
because this egg is gonna be going on my
head oh dear now just before we get into
the special with the egg and everything
I want to show you guys a fully montage
which was made for me by a subscriber
this thing will be in the description
below but this montage had me dying and
it's me and that for montage and I was
still laughing because some of the
moments in this are hilarious I'm pretty
sure you guys will enjoy it so anyway
let's get into the montage hey guys yo
guys yo guys hey got yoga yoga yo guys
it's more first thing you're probably
wondering have you got girlfriends yes
but but once again I hope you're having
a brilliant Christmas hope you've all
got the gifts that you wanted in fact
tell me the conversation what you got
for Christmas because I'll be really
interested to hear outstanding player
he's just gonna be the moment who you
Berbatov he's slow but he's alright i'ma
tell fuck off you fat useless sack of
fucking Yankees naked doodle shine
I almost there guys we are like 980
subscribers right now we have an
extremely special video because as you
guys have probably noticed we have hit
2,000 fucking subscribers my free case
ops Q&A thank you so much on 4000
subscribers let's get into the video
hello YouTube shadow 9 on hand we're
gonna be doing something slightly
different pass but I never thought I'd
get anywhere near even a thousand songs
hahaha yes I can on it yet what a dirty
little douche buffering bastard Oh
Oh pussy today I hear 3000 no one cares
how big is your penis will you touch me
hmm
kill myself I've been morgues you guys
have been awesome and I will see you
guys later boys
I've been mold you guys have been
awesome and I'll see you in the next
video oh and I've been more you guys
have been awesome and I'll see you in
this video but as always I'll be more
you guys been awesome I'll see you later
right well that was absolutely awesome
if you ask me right so let's before we
get the booty egg on our head I just
want to talk about a few things
this actually hit 10,000 subscribers
while I was at the Sheffield Wednesday
versus Bolton game which isn't the best
time to hit it because I was like
checking my phone every two minutes like
oh my god if we hit it I've tweeted out
asking you guys to send me the pictures
of me actually hitting on the live count
no I just want to say to you guys a
massive massive massive thank you
because honestly I didn't expect it it's
come out of nowhere you know my group up
until like three K was just average
average average couple slobs everyday
you know nothing too amazing I wash back
one of my old videos I filmed it - okay
and I was saying oh my god we hit 40
subs in one day now we get around 200
like that is incredible growth I have
actually seen a few people say wow
you're so lucky to have 10,000
subscribers and to be honest with you
guys no it's not look I put so much work
into YouTube as soon as I get home up
until you know some of the late hours of
the day work work work and honestly
isn't look I put in so much effort and I
think I deserve it hasn't me try some
coffee by the way I do actually have a
few questions to ask you guys who are
still actually here in the video number
one is do you want to see merchandise
now a little bit weird for me times we
talked about this it's weird for me try
to just be mentioning merchandise so I
never thought even be talking about it
in terms of YouTube but if you guys
would like to see it I was thinking we
could actually release them because I
have some cool designs in mind if you
look at my logo down below
how about we had that with a transparent
background on a jump or maybe a t-shirt
and I was also thinking we could have
team mods on a t-shirt and the other few
good designs in mind so if you would
like some merchandise around the sort of
15k mark then tell me in the comment
section below another question I would
like to ask you guys and ask for your
opinion is should I start a second
channel for like behind-the-scenes vlogs
want to go on like days out I mean not
like daily vlogs Benson probably a video
every like three or four days of me just
kind of behind the scenes you know
vlogging when I go out and stuff and not
just vlogs I know vlog on the most
interesting thing ever but I thought I
think I'd like to be quite a good idea
so tell me if you'd like to see that in
the comment section below right so I'm
pretty sure that's the two questions out
of the way I just want to say to you
guys another massive thank you because
the community we have going it wow it's
incredible I've seen youtubers with 150
K get less likes and weed on a video and
I've got ten that just shows how awesome
you guys are and I'm really glad to have
people like you on my last video I was
up for an hour and a half replying to
your comments I replied to I'd say about
80% of them because I really do enjoy
interacting with you guys it's actually
really amazing to think that I actually
inspire so many people because back when
I was down on really low subs I looked
up to people and our summer people that
I look up to you know I've actually got
more sauce on them and now me trying to
be like cocky again I'm just saying like
it just shows what you can actually
achieve if you put their foot in but
yeah I just want to say a massive thanks
to everyone that's ever just left one
comment ever just can just viewed the
video it honestly helps me out so much
and it's so awesome that I can actually
come home and interact with so many
people when I get bored I can tweet out
asking you know join my gaming stuff
like that it's so awesome because a lot
of people don't have that well yeah I do
really try so hard on my videos so so
hard hours and hours and hours of effort
so I really hope it does reflect on the
actual video quality and you notice I'm
trying so hard because I really am and
some people have actually asked me you
know how do you have channel like yours
how do I grow a channel how do I get a
channel with a good audience and it is
honestly just dedication I know it
sounds really like food dedication but
honestly it is really - if you'd have
told me a year ago that you're gonna be
on 10,000 subscribers I would have just
like been up
overwhelmed because my videos but then
were horrendous and anyone that wash
them back then
I doubt they would have predicted I'd
have got past like hundred soaps because
they were horrible it just shows that
you really can't improve if you put the
effort in I mean it's actually getting
to a point now where people are willing
to go out of their own way just to make
me happy and just to actually give me
stuff like we've got this mail to me
we've had this mail to me like this here
was seven dollars ten - post by the way
in terms of the actual layers there will
be video on them soon but honestly guys
I think that is about it now is time for
the moment you've probably all been
waiting for the egg now if you don't
know why I'm doing this I don't want to
but
Jesus twin hours a big mistake yes or
tweeted out saying if this Prix gets 100
lives I'll crack an egg on my head for
10k and we smashed it just like we smash
most things and because we smashed it
we're gonna be smashing an egg on my
head
I'm legit I'm actually scared oh oh oh
oh my god
thing is it's literally running for my
mouth why do I do these things to myself
right well I need a shower so this is
where we are gonna end the video hope
you have enjoyed thank you all so much
for 10,000 subscribers and what the
bloody hell is just hahahaha both of you
that's much like a live video that'd be
insane 800 lies would make my day not be
credible for the egg and this oh it's in
my eye
we're weird that before is my eye is in
my eye but yet once again thank you all
so much
you stay awesome leaving the manciple
I'm gonna stay doing YouTube for as long
as I can because you guys are just the
best people and thank you all so much
for your new then please subscribe to
join team bugs but as always I've
involved you guys have it also and I'll
see you in the next video peace out
