right guys just before we get into the
video I just want to thank you all
because I just hit 1012 followers if you
want to go follow me link will be in the
description but thank you all so much
yo guys this molds and today we have a
blind foot draught and I know what
you're thinking oh my god it's mugs did
a FIFA video yes I did so you better
enjoy it honestly guys now that team of
the year is coming around the corner
there's actually a lot more hype around
FIFA and I'm actually doing a few more
FIFA videos if you actually want to see
a FIFA 16 team of the year pack opening
then let's try and smash 500 lives on
this video and I will bring that to you
anyway today we are doing a random foot
draft on FIFA 16 so I'll explain to you
what this actually is let me just enter
the actual draft first so when you go to
select a position five players pop up I
have to pick a number from 1 to 5 before
I actually click on the position and
whatever number I pick is the actual
number player I have to get so it's
completely random there could be messy
on number 2 but if I chose number 3 I
have to go for number 3 so the formation
I'm gonna pick is actually 4 for 2 I
decided I'm gonna pick this so for the
captains I'm gonna pick number 2 it's
nany but this is great banter that's the
worst one by an absolute mile fricking
normal nany
is the captain are you actually kidding
me let striker and I'm gonna pick number
come on oh we got Slimani now we're
gonna go goalkeeper and I'm gonna go
number 1
come on boys oh my god I could have a
record breaker check um instead we've
got inform come any for God's is the
worst one there by an absolute mile 86
83 83 and 82 when I've got the freakin
77 rated right-center back
number 4 oh we've got the only inform
there which is a I guess quite good look
at that guy's name is literally leukemia
Oh Ryback number 2 oh my god get in ok
we could have had long and nice a bit of
a shame that we didn't get long but I'll
take frickin informed dani alves boys
look at that line of chemistry on the
back three yellow wings that's actually
quite good okay now we're gonna go left
centimeter and we're gonna go number one
Oh Modric we're getting good it out ma
geez one I'd rather have because I don't
like any Esther on this game Maude rich
thank you join the team now the big one
right that's right yeah yeah we're gonna
get there number two friendly doctor
pewter protector pretty dope dope dude
love it via yay oh ha what's
trick huh right mid number two
Podolski inform lap excuse me guys left
center back and we're gonna go for
number five village of 52 pace yay join
the team left back number five Mendy
they're all informed so i go excited we
got mehndi number five again it's the
lowest rated one there can't be asked I
guess it's I guess it's not bad and for
the final player of the starting eleven
sentiment position four oh yes the
highest wave on there in form Janek I
will take it join the team now what
we're gonna do is trust triangle and
complete the bench then we're going to
swap the players around and see how high
we can get this squad rating complete my
squad will choose all many players boom
we got informed one matter Blasi oh my
god infant bail nicely able get in for
bail
Jesus I came out nowhere hi
so now we are going to try and rearrange
esteem to get it as good as we can I
don't know how he's gonna go
right so no problem is some really
freaking obvious ones but that's the
best I can't get the team 72 chemistry
82 rating it could have gone worse but
we actually had that strong BBVA link
around the bottom so what as bad as I
thought but anyway what we are going to
do now is select a manager and we've got
three Barclays Premier League's and
that's about it really so we're going to
go Roberto Martinez it's up the chemists
about a tiny bit for just summary one
five six squad rating I will take that
voice that's not too bad so guys if you
have enjoyed this foot draft then please
smash a life on the video as I said the
start of the video if you do want a Team
of the Year pack opening so we can
hopefully pack a blue then let's try and
smash 500 lights on this video that
would be absolutely insane you guys are
the best at the moment as well say a
massive thank you for nine thousand
subscribers eyes absolutely epic it's
over 9000 if you are new then please
subscribe to I do fever and lots of
other content there should be something
you enjoy my channel
any questions feedback anything like
that you know where to leave it the
comment section below all the links to
my other social media including Twitter
where I pretty much update everything
are in the description below so it'd be
awesome if you could go check them out
so as always I've involved you guys have
been awesome and I'll see you in the
next video peace out
