is in my eye it's in my eye
yo guys it's mod and today we have my a
thousand subscriber special now this is
my first video of 2016 happy new year -
every single warrior I hope 2016 goes
well now for the past few days I've been
asking you to send me some dares over on
Twitter some of you won't even know
about this because you don't follow me
on Twitter but I'd advise you to because
pretty much all my q and a's would you
rather x' dares and videos like that are
all going to be hosted on twitter so the
only way you're going to be able to
actually know what i'm doing one and
send me some questions is by following
me so yeah today we are going to be
doing the dares that you actually sent
me also boys cheeking you hair caught
tell me if you like it I'm kind of in
between
I dare you to kiss Bruno here is the man
himself
Oh believe me I dare you to drink a
spoonful of hot sauce
I've already done this on my forfeit
fever I'll do it again I am NOT looking
forward to this whoever left me this day
this is for you hold it hey awesome oh
why do I do this moving on I dare you to
lick the floor
hopefully nothing bad has been on that
part of the floor
I dare you to smash a peeled banana in
your face what's strange there oh look
is an orange there's literally banana in
my eye put Mentos in your mouth while
drinking diet coke here we have a nice
cold glass of Diet Coke and here we have
a pack of mentos and I've had a few of
them say go hungry
okay then two Mentos are in my hand
a day to smash an egg on your head now
we're thinking about this day and I'm
gonna do it but instead of Smashing one
egg
since we're eight thousand subs let's
mash a eggs
ah oh good look - oh man one clap ah
oh there's eight all over B for 500k 600
this one even crack oh I see my eye it's
in my eye on a Chanel light its body
down my freaking back no on the sports
channel you get quality entertainment
subscribe what am i doing with my life
I'm the final dare go in the shower with
all your clothes on
it's cold right boys so I hope you did
enjoy this dare molds video if you want
more than tell me thank you all so much
great cake and I stink like a fucking
egg so I'm gonna go and shower for the
next hour now i'm cheeky anyway you guys
are the best thank you all so much for
such an awesome to buy the 50 once again
thank all for 8,000 subscribers
500 lights would be awesome if you are
newly subscribed because I do shit like
this all the time because I'm touching
head anyway I've been more you guys have
been awesome I'll see you in that video
peace out
