I didn't see you there hey guys it's
morg
let's get into another one of my videos
Oh oh wow I don't know the hell that was
oh my god Oh
fun times what the hell was that intro
go back to the topic of the video oh oh
shit I'm fucking done No
oh-oh-oh
we've hit a bar again is gone in getting
guys how many toes do you have no ice
why god I'm literally done
I'm literally done James is in the other
room so I'm gonna go make him a coke I'm
gonna add some salt to it another
fucking laugh this shit
ah kind of sounds really weird only
fifa16
fell yeah so beauty light session it how
do I go to my channel guys I just want
to say thank you all so much for 100
subscribers not in front of bottom now
we're here started from the bottom now
my whole team fucking hair started front
of oh are you kidding me oh my god I
know um you want some all giggle yeah so
let's get to it
you're gonna be famous just decision
this did bitches
oh well god I have to use a sniper it
will be funny
ah I know okay then Diet Coke is this
gonna bring us the skill to hit some
shots Oh with it shit just to somewhat
help but we're gonna be use the locusts
again ah course they're behind me enemy
ki a shut opera yep Luke tipple Auto
baby a triple role rise I'm knock on the
door this morning and I knew exactly
what it was going to be look don't let
me get it let me get it out of all
improve your voice and you look gained
improve your voice improve your voice
improve your voice how the hell do I
improve my voice if I hold up guys
I've got an idea listen field kill
yourself kid
no one loves you they're not worth your
time but some of the comments I've
received like oh my god are you serious
so as you can see we have a pretty big
box hi
we're in boys oh my fucking god
oh my this guy's amazing
all right absolutely amazing guys look
at that right absolutely amazing nice
armor Isaac winner oh my god but I hope
you I've enjoyed that video ally would
be much appreciated you're new then
please subscribe because I blow black
ops free fifa shout-out sunday and lots
more as always I've been more you guys
have been awesome and I'll see you guys
next time
you're the best freakin subscribers ever
Oh peace out yo guys it's mod and I hope
you did enjoy that video exactly made
for me by mid bids his channel will be
in the description below the thing is he
didn't even ask me to shut him out he
just thought it'd be awesome
12 a video on my channel that he
actually created by Gousha marks I feel
that's only fair you know they've also
taken a lot of work out of his own time
so I have really appreciative um Betty
oh gosh what year is being honest Liam I
started my channel
fucking 2014 bias and start making like
serious videos in April this year so
I've been doing YouTube for eight months
and Wow
one eight months has been like literally
we are over seven thousand subs this
close to 8,000 and it's been under a
year honestly is so awesome 2016 is
literally hours away
say to all thank you so much for making
2015 such a pleasure for me to be on
YouTube another thing that's pretty sad
is my blue Yeti has actually broken I'm
actually ordered an audio technica
at2020 which is arguably better than it
so that is pretty cool but yeah guys
2015 for me has just been awesome these
last few months I don't think they could
have got any better the ghosting rapid
three thousand subs every month is just
awesome which random aside man three
thousand subs every frickin month eyes
incredible and I'm real excited for it
but ya guys
here's to 2015 wait that's not right
that's better I'm not a guy going few
days now so that tastes really nice but
just quickly before we wrap up this
video I want you guys to leave in the
comment section what stops you think I
will be on by Christmas 2016 so pretty
much one year I said for 2016 my goal is
to get 50,000 subs but as I said before
guys if you keep it up with the
incredible support
Archy making videos but if you are new
then please subscribe I just a the
videos if could leave a like on the
video that would be absolutely insane
you could push the forward good time 50
lives star be awesome so if it uploads
past few days I've been very very busy
boy got any questions leaving the
conversation below as always I've
involved you guys I've been awesome and
I'll see you in the next video peace out
