yo guys this mold and today we have a
Christmas Q&A which I've been hyping up
for ages and is family here so first
things first I just wanna wishful I
really have to Christmas this is getting
a load on Christmas Day obviously so I
hope y'all having a great day my blog of
Christmas Day will be up tomorrow so ho
get side for that but now let's get into
the questions because you guys left a
lot of them so I'm gonna be reading them
on my phone and answering them so if I'm
walking down there that's why also guys
yesterday I went out and I got this
black jumper for like 20 quid so I
decided I'm gonna make this my YouTube
jump I'm gonna wear this in as many
YouTube videos as I can so look out for
it right so the first question comes
from flicky gangster and he asks have
you got a girlfriend don't look like the
type of person who has a girlfriend and
now I don't
so let's let's move on for the next one
second question comes from Archie
Waldron and he asks would you rather eat
five beanBoozled a day or burn your chef
your waste issue and become a Sheffield
United supporter definitely five bean
boozled today that's just that's an easy
one
Edmund had none ask are you thinking -
quit FIFA no I'm not I know there's been
a lack of sleep on my channel the moment
but that's just because I've been
enjoying black ops 3 so much and I've
been doing a few different video ideas
which I've been enjoying more FIFA is
not which and I'll probably release a
park opening when Team of the Year comes
out which won't be long so no I'm not
Quinn FIFA the Sizzlers asks what do you
think is the best video you have ever
uploaded onto your channel a lot this
question I've never been asked this
before I have to think my best video
I've ever loaded is my reacting take how
much video I'll leave a link in the
description you wanna watch it but I'm
not working - that video and a lot you
guys did like it broke 500 lives which
is just amazing so I think that might be
my best video ever team one did it asks
why did you start YouTube now started
not long ago as a bit of a joke because
my life is pretty freakin boring I
wasn't doing much I thought why do I
start YouTube channel
load a few videos and they were all
terrible I got like no sobs and then him
I carried on with her because it was
quite fun and then recently this has
been taken off and it's been getting a
lot more serious so yeah that's been
which answers your question surf potato
ask what are your goals for the end of
2016 I'm just going to go in and say
50,000 I don't know if we'll make it we
probably won't but 50k is my main goal
it's ultra asks KFC Nando's or
McDonald's now this is an easy one for
me a lot of people would say KFC but I'm
none doz all the way call me Lawrence
asks Diet Coke or Pepsi Max come on man
nothing the question diet came up 100
freakin percent Skywalker says RKO I
don't know where and finally even white
staff asks prank call someone on your
contacts list this is going to be funny
so I'm actually going to prank call
fellow youtuber capital tape and tell
him that my channel has got hat and I'm
quitting so let's see how this goes this
should be funny
welcome to the e boys mail I'm sorry but
the person you call is not available
welcome to the easy voice mail room you
kidding me cool
welcome to the easy voice mail hold on
is take sleepy
you're gonna think they so fucking fake
how the hell and what I'm sorry what you
knew how the oh my god well I'm being
deadly serious I didn't know about that
he says put me in description so I'm
going to do now is link up in the
description
well that was an absolute disaster right
guys at the end of the Christmas Q&A I
hope you have enjoyed if you want more
Q&A
tell me in the conversation below once
again I hope you're all having a really
increasing as hope you've all got the
gifts that you wanted in fact tell me
the conversation what you got for
Christmas because I'll be really
interested to hear my Christmas Day vlog
will be loaded tomorrow so I hope you
all are excited for that but please
leave a like if you enjoyed and John you
then please subscribe I upload videos
every day including fever
call of duty q and A's and a whole lot
more as always I've been more you guys
have been awesome and I'll see you in
the next video peace out
you
