yo guys this mods on today we have a
pretty awesome video because today I
woke up and I'd knock on my door now I'm
pretty sure I know what this is I
believe it's some fan mail now I've been
talking to him on Twitter he said he was
gonna do me a little drawing I took in
awhile so as you can see we have a
pretty big box now this is actually my
first bear fat fail ever and this is a
pretty big occasion because I never
thought even with receive any the fact
that we've got something here an actual
package from someone means a lot to me
so we are going to open it on camera see
what it's like I mean it doesn't really
matter to me if it's good or bad cuz it
is there for the council fact that
anyone would sit down at and make
something for me is awesome so er it's a
massive box I'm just going to cook the
tape off the top all right we're in boys
5 so over here we have it there's just
one little bit of tape to cut off and
then we can actually gain to this ender
a month
oh here we go well let's see let's see
what it's like when i zoom well this is
going to be i've got girl this is going
to be really epic
oh my god all I think guys
amazing all right absolutely amazing
guys look at that nice absolutely
amazing nice farmer Isaac Weiner oh my
god guys eyes incredible Jesus I wish I
could draw not let me hold it over look
at that guy's eyes incredible I must
have taken you so long man I swear wow
that's actually so awesome calmly but
back to this if there's a nibble on the
back so I'm gonna actually read this out
and well done into your target I said 20
K by next year but it may be closer to
30 K have a good Christmas and love to
all the family Merry Christmas and a
Happy New Year from benzel all 22 12:15
Merry Christmas mugs her first piece of
funnel I was expecting you know
something that my taking a few minutes
yeah just like an O or something but
this is AIT's balls this is like it a
picture frame of an amazing jewelry that
is actually incredible Wow
so I mean I'm obviously gonna leave his
channel in the description below I think
the least we can all do is subscribe to
him because the fact that he's taken
that much time out of his own day and
his own lies to make that for me who
just sits in front of a camera and makes
freakin Internet videos is just
incredible guys look at that look at the
freaking detail on that like so epic so
M this here is like one of my old
profile photos that had for about where
I think I kept it for a few few weeks
maybe a month and Di's just amazing so
been gone I know you'll be watching this
I just want to say as a gigantic massive
thank you dear because I'm nice amazing
that you would take the time I have your
own day as upset to do something like
that and I really really really do
appreciate it it means a lot to me it's
not just the joint to me it's a lot more
than that because I've never received
anything like that in terms of like
someone who I've never really know
face to face is actually done something
like that for me so if you guys do want
to send many more panel and I don't
really like to expose you as fans more I
prefer subscribers but if you want to
send me any art it's the best thing to
do is probably to actually do it and
then constant me on Twitter because then
we can solve just source like way to
send it to and stuff like that
but I hope you I've enjoyed that video I
hope y'all should go and show Pangloss
some support tell my awesome guy he is
and this has been a different type of
video but and just cuz I had to make a
video with mr. Fallon just because you
know first piece I've ever received and
it means a lot to me so if you on you
then please subscribe if you've enjoyed
then please leave a like and comment if
you've got any feedback or any questions
as always I've involved you guys have it
awesome I'll see you in the next video
peace out
