yo guys it's morgues and today I need to
replace my camera's battery it just
indicates a nice dying all right then
I'm going to look yo guys it's mobs and
damn the light is on point in this video
are you kidding me this was our charge
too
yo guys it's mold and this is my third
time recording this because the first
two times both my batteries needed
charge it so that's a bit unlucky by the
way I was say in the first and second
time today has been a really lazy day
for me I got up at 4 p.m. I haven't done
my hair I haven't moved I'm just feeling
really really wavy today
awesome go through a bit of a hard time
at the moment because I don't know if
you've noticed or not were in the last
few videos there's been a lack of some
things I don't have any diet care guys
all I've got to drink is Coke Zero and
to be honest guys it just doesn't feel
the same so I'm trying to get some Diet
Coke back soon because it's just not the
same without it but anyway guys today we
are going to be reacting some hate
comments because when you lick a on my
channel you get blocked but some things
people comment I'd screenshot and keep
because they aren't just so funny so
today we're going to be reacting to some
of them improve your voice and you will
gain improve your voice improve your
voice improve your voice how the hell do
I improve my voice is already job I
can't improve this one made me laugh
it's like what are you telling me to do
by commenting improve your voice out how
do i improve my voice if i whole look
guys I've got an idea the band I'm
really Joe Weller facepalm and hotline
bling day twat
now this is a personal favourite just
because of how much sense it makes who a
gay
who gay cannot get on the ground
me god damn this kid is such a he
doesn't deserve so many souls but I
don't know how to respond to this one I
mean it got free likes so apparently
everyone wants me to quit so this is a
guys I'm leaving
yeah I'm joking by the way it's morgues
stop deleting hate comments if you don't
I hate on all your videos stop copying
youtubers be a bitch if you delete space
space this comment I will comment on all
yours vids you should have zero subs in
fact no friends I don't have any friends
anyway
what I like about this comment is the
capital layers like there's just random
capital layers halfway through the
actual comment like for example deleting
has a and capital videos on the capital
stop as a capital like I'm not member
the grammar police but this comment just
makes me want to die you sound like
you've got dick stuck in your throat
dick stuck in my throat that's just not
a nice thing to be thinking about and
finally we have my favorite out of all
the hey comments
it comes from head wound hero any
comments
kill yourself kids no one loves you
I swear every youtuber has received on
these comments from people who look
about the stakes calling you a kid and
telling you to kill yourself you know 10
people on Call of Duty who have got a
squeaky voice I mean they're like look
guys I've seen too much game for
reacting to hate comments I'm so decide
what all hey is because they're not
worth your time but some of the comments
I've received like oh my god Eve's
serious boy I've never enjoyed them
please much alike if you want to see
more reaction videos and time in the
comments below I'm actually reacted to
my old video quite so both of those
videos will be links in the description
below
if you're new then please subscribe so I
do daily videos including gaming blogs
and a whole lot more oh boy I'm involved
you guys have been awesome and I'll see
you in the next video peace out
