guys I just want to say thank you all so
much for 100 subscribers well guys I
just want to say to every single one of
you who comments likes and views as well
I'm just in you know goes on my channel
just thank you to olya
not in front of bottom now we're here
started from the bottom now my whole
team fucking here started from
yo guys it's mods and welcome back to
another video and today it's a pretty
mad one because we hit 5k sobs cor
blimey guys I literally never saw this
coming in a million years so back in
August I set myself a goal to hit 2k
subs by Christmas
2k subs by Christmas to K sub by
Christmas it's nice and Christmas yet
and we're already at 5k so yet honestly
guys it just does mean so much to me
like it's becoming one of the main
priorities at the moment like I can
really express myself on here and it's
awesome seeing that we hit like 300
likes on every video I mean I remember
the old days when I could barely break 5
likes I was literally saying myself
goals of like two lights on videos like
it's an absolute mad that now I'm
literally setting goals of 300 250 400
on videos and it just means so much to
it to be able to actually do that so
yeah unless you're blind you probably
notice the green screen which is in the
background this is something I actually
bought a few weeks ago and it's finally
coming the mail and I've set up pretty
much it was five-pound and I'm gonna
give you a little test now of what this
means Bank so they were giving my
opinion that looks pretty cool this
pretty much just makes the experience a
lot better when I'm doing commentaries
or gameplays or pretty much anything
with an actual screen in the background
because this means that I can actually
make myself bigger without having that
massive box in the background which just
looks really annoying so I really hope
you guys do enjoy this I didn't pure
look for you guys I've actually read on
my setup moving my desk forward because
before it was actually against this wall
and this is pinned to the wall so I move
my desk forward so I could actually get
this behind so really not bad for you
guys because I'm I think it looks quite
cool to be honest but anyway since this
isn't really a gameplay video I'm just
going to keep it like this for this
video but yet to be completely honest
with you guys I do put in so much hard
work into this channel since day one
I've been put in hard work the same down
the editing in the filming you know it
does take a while and it is really some
time consuming but I do enjoy it and I
do kind of finally feel like it's paying
off because we are getting a good amount
of subs every day so yeah that's pretty
much it for this video but all I want to
quickly
before we sign out is if you guys just
carry on with the amazing support I'll
carry on with the videos good I won't be
able to quit knowing that all those
people will be upset and all those
people all those nice comments
everything I don't know if I'll be able
to walk away from that so just you guys
honestly if you just keep all the
amazing support I'll keep on making the
videos so right now we are going to set
a goal 10,000 by March let's smash it
boys but yeah guys that's it folks video
if you have enjoyed them please smash a
like if you could get 300 likes now be
fucking mad but honestly guys thank you
all so much if you're new then please
subscribe I appreciate it so much
Oh annoying I've been mold you guys
having also been I'll see you in that
video peace out
you
