do you want some Olivia yo guys this
moves and today we have the FIFA 16 pack
opening and we are joined with a special
guest so this is Bruno is a black book
and hopefully you can pull me some black
cards so let's get to it
you're gonna be famous so to be honest
guys I don't know why I'm doing this but
you know I felt like pub needs is time
to shine and hopefully you can get some
good look in these packs so yeah
hopefully it can be good what we're
gonna get we're gonna get what we're
gonna get
come on Bob oh you guys comment
what's although so yeah I don't know if
you guys do the lightest type of video
boy throw more videos with this guy
maybe we can do a black ops free Supply
Drop opening then let me know
did the director did the dirted it did
this digit it come on Punk oh my god
retching oh my god want this for polygon
memories oh my god fall back to hell
haha my memory don't you Alan Legend you
absolutely legend oh my god Howard to be
careful
holy she looks insane 82 K pause yes get
in there oh we got on jackpot chants
platform come on Jo cannot crap oh god
all of this - oh God
poke you got me carry should be ashamed
Oh you'll be home yes
Oh the thing is were quite a lot let's
check hold your fire today may well dawn
it was about 10k so I love you without
oh you're gonna be sorry what are you
doing
last pot now boys so come on pork we're
gonna make me open it we wish Paul so
here we go they go hey I've been clicked
feel that I'm obstacle pub oh my god
yeah we done it eh there we go boys oh
you either get you open this pack messes
on from oh dear come on pork so guys
there we go that's the end of my few 60
pack opening with mr. book so if you
have enjoyed then please smash alive if
your more videos with Budo then leave a
comment down below if you're new then
subscribe to I love FIFA and also for
the games but as always I've been moved
you guys been awesome and I'll see you
in the next video peace
