oh yeah I've got to I've got to yeah we
don't so yeah you guys know the rules
obviously though guys I have no clue why
the hell I'm doing this video this body
was made for playing for night not
during the dances in real life oh yeah
guys I'm really nervous but let's just
get started okay guys we're upstairs
right now I've got my walkie for tonight
woody on the world set up and ready to
get some kills hopefully know just
before we so guys I want you to comment
down below what is your favorite
fortnight done personally I think is
gonna be the oranges justice however I
kind of hope I don't have to do in this
video because I imagine that would be
very cringing I'd also guys if you wanna
win some free ebooks
I give ebooks away to random people
every single day if you want
when all you have to do is subscribe to
the channel down below smash a like on
the video watch to the end well right
now I'm gonna jump into some squads on
fortnight and get this video underway
okay realest quads game right now and
the noble warriors we're gonna be
playing with today ah
you see Bombay the red gamer away these
wall Pegasus five two oh five one two
now okay it looks like me and the boys
are landing into retail row and Jesus
creepers there's about twenty other
people coming okay we've got a chest
boys and girls and we've got a green
suppressed submachine gun I guess you're
off to a good start I mean that's not
too bad there's no one else in my house
oh we got a green TAC and some mini
shields we're gonna pop oh it's just my
teammate it scared me he okay wool
Pegasus is already gone he's off to a
terrible start but you know what mr.
wolf Pegasus I've got you covered bro
looks like you see Bombay's has already
fallen okay we got attacked
okay let's kill number one okay boys and
girls that was kill number one and you
know what that means we've come outside
for dance number and just fires you up a
little bit we've got all the dancers
we've mixed them up and we're gonna pick
them at random Kiera
hand me the lunch box
cringe warning guys this is probably
gonna be terrible but here we go oh my
gosh guys I think that's the most amount
of exercise I've done for the past year
okay let's kill number one no guys guys
guys we're going in we're going in the
skull number two okay there we go that's
kill number two and that means we're
going back to the Peppa Pig lunchbox you
see what dance number two is gonna be oh
my gosh it's Cara
like other person doing it is Kara Kara
yeah I'm not gonna lie
let's hope your channel doesn't die
because I don't think you're gonna have
any look in the dancing career no guys
guys guys we go in we go in the skull
number two oh that's killed my breathing
skill number three so far we've had a
dance from me we've had a dance from
Kara but thus free kills and that means
that we go back to the lunch box and our
next victim will be chosen and the dance
is going to be huge
oh my god a fly just landed on it guys
its groove John mom I'll let you pick it
go on go for it go for it go for it
oh yeah okay yeah David name what it is
I don't have to do it Oh mom you're
gonna have to try and get groovy because
it's time for the groove job no honestly
do you not understand how many people
are gonna dislike this video just
because of that cut right again no
everybody's laughing at me it's not my
fault I can't dance you don't do it oh
my god somebody please get this woman in
a cat home care home
please stop please just stop please
best one get rid of these guys oh my god
they've got one more member though so
I'm not celebrating oh I see him I see
him I see him I see him
oh now I've got to reload I've got to
reload here he is here he is come on
come on come on boys and girls it's only
gonna get Cringer because that right
there is killing them before and we go
back into the lunch box to see what
dance we've got to do next dance number
four
the two valachia no no undoing the dance
is what does I say and to make it even
easier for your dad it's the jubilation
dance one of the hardest ones on those
humiliating ones there is yeah guys I
don't know what's gonna happen
bull guys both of my teammates have dyed
wool Pegasus and the red gamer slide me
down guys I just killed four people you
didn't do anything you die young guys I
cannot call believe I'm saying this but
ice ball kills already rough to a flying
start
I think it's the lucky fortnight hoodie
again he's just coming through then
kills all came in the space of like one
minute and that's four dances already
wow that was weird
oh my gosh okay there's someone up there
I've got you buddy oh there we go number
five
okay we go here we go here we go let me
finish him off real quick there's a guy
over there guys and boys and girls about
right there is kill number five and
guess what the cringe is only gonna get
worse because it's time for the next
four night dance Cara you're the no.1 in
a while maybe maybe you'll get the next
on a nose
the dance is I'm doing it
oh no it's cold yeah folks is no more
guys take me out me and Kara here we go
one more thing let's keep going we must
continue I got a few shots on him just
have to kill number five but I need to
go and try to finish him oh there we go
kill number six so I'm weak guys I'm
weak I could do with finding some
bandages my teammates are here they must
be thinking we're playing with freakin
ninja right now I don't know how I've
done this but we've only been playing
for like five minutes and I six kills
six four night dances in real life
already I can't believe it
there we go boys and girls that's kill
number six I can't even actually got to
number six ball I mean it's time for
another dance move and the dance is
going to be
oh no the floss I'm doing it is Oh Oh
guys it's all for those guys again
this isn't going well I'm sorry for
putting you all through this no I think
we are currently getting attacked is yep
that's someone there no that's not
someone that's an entire enemy team guys
entire enemy team okay I finished off
that guy didn't get the kill by
finishing them off yo I'm going in for
it
that's the seven but the 1780 style guys
kill numbers okay I just thought the
elimination guys I'm still down that was
kill number seven and that was down this
number seven
okay guys dance number seven is going to
be high you know we're gonna says we
shouldn't do it yeah Bruno says he wants
to do it boom
you need to figure out who actually is
doing it I'm doing it
well yo that storm came out of nowhere
oh my god guys teammates if you haven't
seen it already you may want to run so
far this game guys set up how in the
storm
Joe i'ma pop some bandages real quick
because I don't think I'm gonna make it
if you haven't noticed already seven
kills guys my kill record in four night
is eight so if we keep going here might
be able to break my hill record in four
tonight that would be beautiful guys
oh no no no I'm on 13 alligator that is
not good boys you're gonna have to take
these yourselves I need to bind this
down guys I think they got a kill
I believed in him I believed in him all
this time me wolf Pegasus and red gamer
we're gonna win this no guys here's the
problem we currently only have two
shotgun shells and you guys know I
always roll out with the shotgun so
we gonna do it I'm gonna try and shoot
these guys get their attention and ask
them for some shells but I think they're
gonna leave me hanging red gamer all
I've done for you give me some time
shell red gamer
I thought we were fat you betrayed me
come on guys come on come on come on
guys give me some shells come on give me
some shells come on red it was a mistake
oh I don't think anyone's excited even
more cringe guys this is basically to
speak one kill equals a lot of cringe
because that's basically to see what the
video and I think I've done pretty good
Morgan I'm not a heart attack you've got
to get the paramedics out so as far as
I'm concerned don't good care I say I
can't find it really great good as well
yeah yeah must brush not Morgan's
continent
seriously hey guys we're bike that was
killed operate just a sneaky little ass
shot on a running guy he didn't know
what was coming he didn't know what was
happening I'm gonna ask red gamer for
more shells let's see if he fancies
being nice
come on red oh my god red gamer bro I'm
proposing to you I'm a band down and
flipping propose to you marry me red
gamer
marylee 25 shotgun shells less flipping
go Joe we've got some shield guys I've
literally just realized that we are
currently tied on my kill record right
now all we need is one more kill and
that means my kill record is now nice or
maybe we can go evolve into double
figures guys I'm currently in God knows
who's jumping around against that top no
no oh my goodness guys it's time for
battle Oh what's what's what what was
what I just got hints that is not
flipping good okay someone's up right
guys someone's just taken over my tower
this is the hardest who's going to be
doing oh my gosh guys stop it get some
help
guys I made sure kids is the only one
that can do the orange shirt kid dance
somehow guys we're back we just gotta
kill number nine right there I'm gonna
go for double figures but I don't think
it's likely I can't get him oh this is
tense more Pegasus is back alive
red gamer is back guys I've got a
launchpad you know what you only live
once guys yeah oh gosh let's try that
again your voice oh no no
Oh guys we didn't do it I got too
confident I launched parted in I want to
red gamer and Pegasus to come with me
but they they they bowled it they just
followed it I went in got triple teamed
it was over from the minute I did that
guys
but anyways eyes 9 kill and 9 for
Knights answers in real life you guys
have obviously seen the dances so I
guess did you enjoy them with a cringy
they probably were Oh guys I guess there
we go on the positive I just broke my
kill record so you know what that bliss
is still the lucky fortnight hoodie
everyone's got one of these for yourself
it's a scientific fact they raise your
fortnight skills by ninety two point
five percent they turn a noob into a pro
or if you are new you can even call
yourself a bush live hoodie because you
know I'm not gonna lie guys I camp in
bushes when the cameras are off but when
the cameras are on I have to try and be
good but if you like me I new play for
night every day you literally eat sleep
drop repeats then cut one of these
hoodies or if you can be bushes cover
bush life hoodie or cop both and wear
them both when you're bush camp in and
when you drop in I don't know got the
bear slinky descriptions guys mojo I go
so it's for watching if you want some
previous remember to like this video
subscribe if you're new I can comment
down below that you want some 3d books
and I might pick you and I'll see you
guys in my next badge peace out
