yo guys this molds our first thing first
I hope you did enjoy that video of me
putting the skin onto my ps4 so pretty
much what I'm gonna be doing is talking
about the good and bad things about the
ps4 skin I'm giving you more information
about where you can get it and what
actually is so to get on to my face boy
told me about 20 minutes which isn't
that bad it was honestly easier than you
think I feel I know very well I to
consult I just see from there the camera
shots it was open indeed and they were
actually quite easy to pawn in terms of
how well actually sticks to the ps4 I'd
give it about a 6 out of 10
cuz the top and front stickers stay very
well for the ones on the side do seem to
be peel is a tiny bit now it's not been
big away if you push them down for like
a minute and leave them for a few months
they probably be alright but it didn't
spill a tiny bit on the edges so I guess
that's a bit of a problem if you are a
proper perfectionist and you like LCD
about that time that kind of stuff so
that's what color avidity couldn't
figure out was gold carbon fiber they
did 20 different calls and carbon fiber
body so gold
looked really nice and I want as your
wife so I'm gonna buy just look nice on
the pictures on ebay and actually like
in real life it does look very good I
think for the $6.99 you pay for is
definitely worth it it just adds a
little bit of something different to
yourself if you get brighter like I did
it sort of makes me stand out which is
kind of what you want when you go
good-looking console like the ps4 so
overall you really like if you're
looking to spice up your setup make it
look a bit nicer then this is definitely
something that you should look for
I'm said $6.99 to is a bigger bargain in
my opinion I'll leave a link to where
you can get it in the description below
so to you guys but I would really
recommend it and some of you guys may be
wondering is he being paid to say this
not not and fellow doing a review on it
because I did really enjoy it I didn't
really enjoy put it on and I think it
deserves a little review so guys does it
for this video if you have enjoyed and
please leave a like tell me the
conversation what you thought to the
intro cause it took quite a bit in it be
interesting to see if you guys did enjoy
it but as always I've been mugs you guys
have been awesome I'll see you in this
video
please
Oh
okay-y
