yo guys it's mods and first thing you're
probably wondering oh my god he actually
got hair cool yes I did ask for a
quarter off the top and she's gotten cut
half of it but I do like it so it's all
I guess so let's get back to the topic
of the video about two weeks ago on
Twitter a YouTube channel called the
sizzler popped up to me and asked if he
could make me a video for my channel
like a montage what you are watching now
and I said yet I'd be awesome so miss
channel is in the description below it'd
be awesome if we could go and check him
out because I didn't even ask him to
make this he just popped up to me and
said can I making you which just
deserves some support so go and support
him he's a really good guy and a really
awesome youtuber but now let's get into
the montage Ben Mandy did make this
about couple weeks ago so some of my
recent moments may not be in there but I
hope you guys do enjoy and thank you so
much on 4000 subscribers let's get into
the video
do a dramatic intro
oh shit fuck Oh busted
oh shit actually legit oh my god this
rolling egg oh hey mom
your taste like fucking 100 God oh oh oh
my god that was me I'm back in school
fun times
oh shit what the fuck I was smoking out
huh
oh my god is that that fat guy again
Jesus Christ
hey guys Morgan and today we have a Q&A
because we just hit 1k subs now watch me
whip kill it now watch me nae nae okay
oh and you record yourself doing a poo
how big is your penis will you touch me
yes kill myself
hmm get off me soon
oh I'm literally don't know why even was
that that got 2,000 views what I don't
even fucking know
oh come on
we've gone already
