yo guys its malls and today we are back
with episode 6 of our chef your
Wednesday Korean out on FIFA 16 now I'm
sorry that there hasn't been an episode
of this in a while I do realize that you
guys do enjoy the series and thighs line
point out for you guys with the release
of black ops 3 is just completely put me
off FIFA I've been playing in a while
but I'm not just gonna leave this series
you guys enjoyed it so I'm gonna bring
it to you so the last thing we did in
episode 5 was we got to on winner of a
Robin and the players I still really
tired out so we're gonna simulate
forward a few more days and then wait
until they've got their engine back and
so we can go into the next match ok so I
have no we're really Hall City I've
actually said was an offer to become the
whole city manager now obviously I'm not
gonna do this business is a chef your
Wednesday career mode but that was kind
of interesting actually because you know
so it's quiet quiet close to the start
of the season it just shows how well we
are doing ok guys so here we are with
the first match of the episode we're all
gonna play X is quite a good one okay so
here's the team I've decided to go for
for the match at home to expect a Reggie
mattias and Zhao upfront with Lopes
Bannon Lee Falk relax mint leaves and
Palmer in the defense so let's get into
this match right now hopefully it's
gonna be a good one alright then
here we go the match is underway we have
got gel on the ball think we're gonna
play a bat pass turbofan and start with
viv sorry we're passing around the back
because you know there's no urgency to
get forward I won't manage or against
Ipswich I mean we are a home I kinda
feel like I'm saying I don't mind a draw
in a lot of the games but in fairness we
are coming up against some pretty good
teams early on in the season so some
drawers are you know acceptable but we
do always want to push him for the win
obviously we are going for promotion so
we got Chum went as many games as we
possibly can that's a great challenge
ice brilliant play this got a slot
through or eg I think he's off sighs but
we're gonna carry on anyway yet he was
offside oh it's a good header the one in
Foster eg he saw by himself he skipped
past
my nice brilliant play forced abundant
let me go for through ball brilliant
ball go for the bottle G for debut go oh
no he's missed it I didn't I said debut
goal I meant for his first goal but he
hit the post that was really unlucky
guys we have got corner though so we are
gonna try and whip in and get sent a
goal it goes to Lucas shower tour man
goes for the header it's a great save
but he's not it in with one nil of guys
get in who is it is it re G I think it
might be re g with its first goal for us
I actually can't tell but shall they
brilliant with the first header and they
keep it was tired out and it is I can't
tell still it is yet mixer eg for his
first goal of the season
boom get in once I play him upfront I've
been a good decision after all
but he's intercepted again oh my god
straight from kickoff please it to
Mateus he's got quite a lot to do we're
gonna go over the shot oh it's a Porsche
in the end but again we are playing well
oh no come on get across brilliant play
absolutely brilliant play he's made the
interception get in I was a really good
attachment which we could have conceded
there well here we are in the break very
violent on can't quite hold off his man
but we're doing okay oh it's a great
interception the ball played I don't
think that could have been a bad ball
hurry jeez clean through can he make the
finish he's missed it but we're gonna go
for the cross in always took him out
it's a penalty surely is that penalty
yes is okay so we are going to have
Mattias take it come on can we get the
goal I'm gonna go left
brilliant penalty to nil Sheffield
Wednesday Mattias with the goal a region
with the first goal get in
there we go halftime boys to nail to
Sheffield Wednesday hopefully the second
half can be just as good as the first
half okay so it's times the first
substitutions for this match what I'm
gonna do is bring on Camano
felucca Chou and I'm also gonna bring on
iron at you Ferrari ji he's at a very
good game but you want to give a natural
run cuz he always seems to score in
important games no always a great save
get out come on let's keep this a clean
sheet there we go good header it's
nicely felt why not you're in a good
position man want a little break off
your brilliant ball
come on Mattias oh it's just been too
easily dispossessed there we should've
done bad Oh No I've let him through what
am i doing he's played the ball great
ball are they've got one back in the
last minute that's really annoying guys
we are gonna get the win but I didn't
really want to concede in the last
minute I was really annoying oh go on go
on there Mateus always throw the ball
come on all I come down to finish away
the keeper came out so quickly but oh so
lucky and there we go match is over to
Wantage after Wednesday to be honest
it's rich they even deserve a goal we
dominated the game but that's the way
football works it's a good result for us
in the end another three points we are
storming the league this season
except for QPR of course they will
winning the league by an absolute mile
but we are also doing very well ok so we
have a training session and here are the
ones I've chose for I know at you chance
creation keep possession assistant
free-kicks tackling and time in the path
we're gonna simulate all and see how he
goes let's find out guys boom there we
go
is he gonna get through 72 I don't think
you will know he hasn't bought that's a
laugh progress there we are now halfway
to assembly - - that's some good
progress I not you is slowly becoming
one of our best players ok so here we
are with another match away at MK Dons
now I am gonna simulate this match just
because I don't know it's away from home
against MK Dons I don't really feel the
need to play it so I'm gonna go and make
team for the game I'll show you in just
a minute you know what guys I'm just
gonna keep a team the exact same so
there we go same team from last match
they open they all played well so I
don't really see the need to change it
okay so we're gonna go into this match
simulated away MK Dons let's get going
guys so on the bench you can see we have
commando Brown and McGowan sugu I not
too far scary and wild Smith the match
is underway
ten minutes in still nil mill if we
could if we could get an early goal
looks like we're not gonna get the early
goal but prefer missing now and it's nil
nil all square the only thing that's
happened is a yellow card half time now
and it's still mill now we've got some
substitutions iana to is on 60 minutes
in and it's still all square blue into
got sent off can we get the late goal
surely we can guys please we can't get
the late goal and a nil nil there to
play sent off quite disappointing result
but hopefully we'll do better in the
next match so the final match for this
episode that we're gonna play is a help
to Cardiff now I am gonna keep the squad
the same but I'm gonna swap a regen jazz
positions round just cuz I wanna have
the height of Zhao in the middle so can
hopefully get some headed goals but
let's get into the match and I hope we
can get the three points even though
Cardiff are a very good team so the
match is underway guys let's go push
against Cardiff and let's try and get
the free points this is really tidy play
I'll walk cracking ball iced cut back
plays it here always a brilliant finish
from our eg he is on some brilliant form
at the moment two goals this episode
already give up her eg he hasn't scored
yet but in this episode he's got two so
that's absolutely brilliant it was a
really good finish Alex Lopez with this
since come on then counter-attack can we
get it started plays our wife - Matias
what a great touch this is gonna burst
out wide and I'm gonna tripod cross in
defenders them well we've got a throw-in
I'm gonna take this early here we are
with I'm not sure Alex Lopez the thing
is pull the ball through Matias gonna go
for the cross gone jao always went
flying in there but I couldn't quite get
its head to it but not bad we've got
ourselves another throwing we're gonna
go over the long throw in toluca Shou
come on gonna go for the header he's
gone for it
it was from long range but I guess it's
worth ago oh we've got the ball come and
he plays it to Zhao what's happened dear
I think it's been pulled back actually
for the free kick yeah it has I'm gonna
try and play it in we have got some
pretty tall guys on the squad it's a
good ball can I get the head at all no
but the keepers punch their way man and
go for through the shop
Oh what an effort guys unlucky from
Bannon Jesus I could have gone in guys
and there we go guys halftime the and
there we go guys it is half-time the
score is one-nil the schaeffler
wednesday home to Cardiff another
brilliant results so far hopefully we
can keep up in the second half and not
concede oh no we've left a huge gap here
please we got keep us out Tom Lee's
muscling him off no weakly beat ball
goes in Oh
just why they're guys my god we'll
really we are really hanging on there
guys I'm not gonna lie another
interception plays to Alex Lopez who
hasn't got much challenging himself but
he's gonna wait for the bumper first
Gary always done it oh what brilliant
ball folks jerry has to score eyes put
it wide that's I don't know he's just
not performing at the moment each of
really isn't performing for me a nice
that is a problem because he is 72 rated
so there we go guys full time 1 nil not
the most convincing victory I mean both
Jerry missed a few chances us became on
the bench but we did deserve the win in
the end we had way more shots way more
chances
and it's so bitch another good
performance was we are doing very well
at the moment so just before we're in
the episode one more thing to do is the
training as usual so we've got sharp
shooting keep possession El Dorado El
Grande unassisted free kicks all hard so
hopefully win game 272 rated simulate
all let's see what happens
come on iron at you gay self 272 Raiders
he got some pretty decent scores you
didn't get 272 but we are getting closer
and closer he's made some good progress
progress yet again so guys that's the
end of the episode once again if you
have enjoyed then a like would be so
much P shade it would honestly mean the
world to me
we are doing very well at the moment on
here we are second in the league which
is
obviously really good for us just behind
QPR so if you're new then please
subscribe I do this series along with
published series is every other day as
always I've been morgues you guys been
awesome and I'll see you in the next
video peace Oh
you
