yo guys what's going on it's mold and
today we have another video and it's
going to be how to start a YouTube
gaming channel 2015 now there's many
things I went through in making my
channel I don't think I'm doing pretty
well so I just want to share some of the
tips that I took undid while making my
channel so yeah hopefully you enjoy now
the first thing you are going to need
when starting youtube gaming channel is
a microphone now I see people recording
off of like built-in microphones on
laptops and computers and most of the
time unless you have a really high-end
computer or laptop it's not good enough
I'm gonna put this to you as honest as I
can it's not good enough if you went on
a video but it's only one through Lulu
would you stay on it if it sounded like
that I know I wouldn't I'd go and find
something else if you're if you're a
commentator and your audio is then
no one's gonna want to watch your video
that's just the truthful as I can say it
not for this video I'm going to leave a
cheaper and more expensive alternative
to every thing that you need to start a
gaming channel pretty much if you have a
mindset which is I want to do YouTube
for a while I want this to possibly be a
full-time job I want this to be serious
then you're probably going to want to go
for the more expensive options but if
you've got a mindset which is more like
I want to do YouTube for a few months
see how it goes not too interested in a
future in it then you're probably going
to want to go to the least expensive
option so the two microphones I
recommend are both USB powered
microphones the more expensive option is
the blue Yeti microphone now this is the
microphone I use in all of my videos go
back and look at any one of them then
also I'm crisp clear I'm actually not
using it right now recording with my
Canon camera microphone which i think is
pretty good but moving back onto the
blue Yeti it's a really nice microphone
it's got plenty of settings on it so you
got to adjust to get the best sound it's
a really nice my first about 100 pounds
which is pretty pricey but it's worth
every penny in my opinion I'm the less
expensive option is this USB microphone
there's gonna be on the screen right
here now I can see you
the nicest ever boy really doesn't
matter how it looks I use this for a
while coming up in YouTube and it
definitely worked the 10 pound you will
be paying for it
I'm pretty sure you can get it for even
less than our the eBay but about 5 to 10
pile for this thing it's not too bad it
works with Mac or PC it's a really good
option for you guys just wanted to do
YouTube for a little bit or just
starting YouTube now this one really
depends on what channel you are wanting
to be in gaming but I'm going to put it
down as one of the things you need but
if you if you know that you don't want
to do this that's fine it's a face cam
so I realize a lot of commentators don't
do facecam these days so if you're not
planning on using FaceTime that's fine
just ignore this one but face comes in
my opinion do make the video more warm
and more enjoyable experience so I
really do recommend them I'm just gonna
leave one in the description below
because it's a really nice camera he's
asking on my film built into it which is
also not too bad it's about I think it's
about 20 pounds which isn't too bad
called the Microsoft LifeCam it records
in 1080p HD which is very good quality
as you guys probably know so you will
probably need a face cam if you are
wanting to do your videos like mine but
guys up to you
third thing now is a Game Capture now
there's a few different options for game
captures you can obviously get them on
your PC or to record your screen if
you're doing something like Minecraft or
if you want to record something on your
hex box like I do a lot of time or ps4
you can go for a Elgato now is a lot of
money it's a lot of money you will be
paying fair enough but if you hold your
camera up to your TV or your computer
I'm sorry's not good enough dings but
this way when someone watch your video
of a pack over non-fifa when you're held
in your phone up to a TV when you could
go into any one or this video where a
lot of the youtubers these days have
game captures no one's gonna want to
watch your video if you don't have one
so they are about 90 pounds you can get
them from by eighty on you on eBay but
I'm gonna go with just the standard
Elgato Game Capture HD they are bringing
a few new ones at the moment boy it's
what I use it works well 1080p you can
also use it for live streaming it's a
really good game capture now I'm moving
on to PC slide format Game Capture
I would recommend bandicam now the full
version of it is I believe about 20
pounds you can explain badly cams
website is get it it's a really good
piece of software record your screen
really nicely that's a really so el gato
and bandicam for the two screen
recorders I recommend now this option is
sort of up to you guys but the fourth
thing I would recommend is actually a
headset now the one I use in most of my
videos is this Astro a40 headset but
there is plenty of cheap horns out they
can get ranging from 10 to up almost
like to like 500 pounds I use this one I
got it for about 100 it's a really nice
headset I really enjoy and I think it
just makes a video a lot warmer and more
professional just go ahead sell that
might just be me though that's why I
talked to you guys whether you choose if
you want to get there or not but yeah I
would recommend these Astros pick them
up if you have the money they are really
solid head sir and the fifth thing I
would recommend is actually a full nail
editor now there is actually a few
websites online where you can make some
nails for free if you just play actually
a youtube search how do I make some
youtube thumbnails for free there's
plenty of options of websites you can
use for free but if you want to go over
higher up like I use I'm soda shop cs6
don't tell my I actually got this for
free there's plenty of ways you can get
it for free once again just I don't know
that's the link of the software download
boy just be on YouTube Photoshop cs6 for
free there's plenty of ways you can get
it so you will need to edit full nails I
say this a lot but if I see a channel
with no full nails with basic full mouth
it really puts me off it just don't look
as attractive don't look as nice and I
really will put time into watching their
videos if the thumbnails are crap now
the sixth and final thing for this video
is some kind of console or computer now
if you're a gaming channel you obviously
going to be wanting to play some games
so you are going to need a console to
play the games Xbox 360 Xbox one ps4 ps3
a computer to play some games like
minecraft agario you can all get our new
computer you're going to need something
like that to actually record because if
you're not playing games then you're not
gaming channel and I would I wouldn't
recommend playing games on a phone just
because it's not there's not too many
games on phones the people are going to
want to
watch that much unless you go for one of
the really high up games but yet the
final thing you're gonna need is some
kind of console so guys that the end of
this video of how to start YouTube
gaming channel 2015 if you have enjoyed
and please leave a like on this video if
there's any ones I missed off the you
think could have been in the video leave
them in the comments below any feedback
or anything like that you know where to
leave it guys if you're new then please
hit that subscribe button
I don't load videos like this and also
gave in videos every single day as
always I've been more you guys been
awesome and I will see you guys later
peace out
