we just bought everything possible in
the game right now with my mom's credit
card
oh my god you'll be spending my money
again hey hey hey hey young yo guys it's
moulds aka the credit card binder and
I'm back again for the final episode of
the trilogy of stealing my parents
credit now if you're new here you
probably have a thousand questions right
now so let me give you a little bit of
backstory
now this all started about a month ago
when I stole my mom's credit card to buy
some V books I just filmed bang and I've
been speaking to there and all the money
that's coming out of my account it's
being spent on four night know all you
guys love that video so I decided to do
the same thing again won't we later - my
dad definitely wasn't because the video
God son of youse I thought we were just
gonna leave it as a sequel no more
credit cards needed to be stolen and
that brings us to my last video where
this happened I'm gonna give you an
offer mum if I win I get unlimited skins
from you and then to my amazement I
finally got my first win on fortnight
come on but on the Wow come on we'll go
ahead one more head please
but then before I could get any of my
skin's mom did this there you go sit
down what whoa what we've been building
up to this video for months now boys and
girls the trilogy is about to be
complete because mom ran off with her
credit cards clearly she didn't want me
to get their skin but a deal is a deal
mom and you made another rookie mistake
your card is saved on my xbox so I don't
think running away with a card is gonna
do anything boys and girls if you're new
here strap yourself in because this
video is gonna be a banger and if you
are new here or you're already a part of
team ox and you want to win some
fortnightly books and even submerge all
you have to do is smash a like on the
video down below subscribe to the
channel if you haven't already
but guys let's get into the video okay
room for tonight right now and seeing as
we are gonna be stealing someone's
credit card I think it's important we go
into credit card bonded three two one
whoa whoa Sue's mugs
I don't know walks I just uh guy a
client speak in this disguise you know
what guys that'll do let's get some
people to the account okay guys I
already have sixteen thousand three
hundred left in the account from when I
stole my dad's credit card my mom's
credit card the first time but I think
we gotta go in there with another 17 999
13,500 rebo's guys as you can see I'm
not messing about right now this is some
serious business
three two one bye it's bent oh but guys
the question is should we leave it there
or should we buy even more ebooks guys I
think I'm gonna leave it there like I
don't think we need any more I'm Joe
we're gonna buy another 79 pounds oh boy
43,000 VBox that is a beautiful sight
now let's spend the season for battle
pass you say now guys I haven't actually
bought the bow pass yet I was gonna buy
it as soon as I finish the last video I
thought I'd save it right now savor the
moment it's time I get my Omega skin
there we go purchase that vowel bundle
whitens of we got oh boy battle buzz
upgraded baby
Oh guys I'm just gonna go ahead and pile
all these tears I have no clue how much
be booked this is gonna be but I don't
think it's gonna be more than 41,000 so
I think we're covered there we go boys
and girls 98 boughs of e-books that
means we have the carbide skin the
battle Hawk skin the gale force acts the
sugar crush glider the retro sci-fi
skydive trail the technique skin the
popcorn emotes the spray-paint skydiving
trails the wings of our ox the Zowie
lightning skydive trail goodie buddy
behind us the hearts skydive trail
we've got Wonder Woman I mean the the
vollis scared basically Wonder Woman the
in in in troop it's the the intrepid
have no clue what that means the
shooting star the school leader the
groove job okay we'll stop that
of course the Omega I'm gonna go ahead
and buy everything in the item shop
purchase purchase
finally we just bought everything
possible in the game right now with my
mother screaming now guys ma is
currently out right now having food or
something I dunno whenever I use her
credit card she gets a notification
straight to both means she's probably on
her way back right now to come and get
really really mad at me there's
definitely gonna be a multi mom freak
out in this video don't you worry
well guys to pass the time while she
comes home I'm gonna get into a game of
fortnight right now and see if I could
win a game again if you enjoyed this
video and you haven't already please
leave a like on the video down below and
if you didn't see my last video I
actually got my first ever wait I'm
wearing my fortnight inspired moon so
guys I haven't watched the hoodie I
don't wanna wash away there we go guys
I'm back in the lucky hoodie you play
for tonight and you want to cop some of
this for night inspired merch it's a
scientific fact that it makes you 90
percent better at the game I was a noob
then I put this hoodie on but I got my
first win and we've also got this bush
life swag for all you butch campers out
there including me I like to do that
when I'm not recording guys the link is
in the description below or you can just
go to www.calculated.com/support the
description below
alright now imma get into a game and
hope I can go guys first question do you
like my new skin I decided to
with the glowstick guy and then
obviously the pizza box on my back but
as you can see I came to Tilted towers
and I mess it about boys and girls first
chest and we've got a pretty bad wall
and guys were on the topic of all these
new skins that I've just bought
including the glowstick guy that I've
got them right here I want you guys to
comment down below what is your favorite
season for skin I actually really like
the glowstick guy he looks like a
flipping bomb but I need to cut the talk
about skins and try and get some wins
haha I think I've got all the loo I need
I'm gonna go on the hunt right now
because we need to get some kills til
the towers is pretty empty but I know
this some people hired in somewhere I
don't know yeah okay there's one guy
over there he's in god mode you know
what I'm scared of you you pink bunny
I'm coming to get ya but first I'm gonna
get some god mode baby there we go oh
he's that oh okay we got 90 there we go
you paint bunny boo I'll take that blue
poop baby you know what he tried his
best
I'm gonna get some more God no go back
on the horn here because I'm first
okay big shield guys quickly gonna drink
pulp this is going well oh-oh-oh
hundred twenty-nine he's building I'm
gonna good another buddy I'm gonna good
oh oh oh no God no it's gone
God no it's gone I'm a fire some
grenades this guy is going down where is
he oh my god maybe just like that thirty
people left two kills already a boys and
girls we're off to a good start right
here guys the eye is on tilted so you
know what I'm gonna do a little build
over I'm gonna go and make a little
tower because you know what why the hell
not oh my god okay we got a hit
oh my oh my gosh that was a dirty
headshot I missed my shot there she had
a really really really good opportunity
to take me out there I missed my shot
but I managed to get away with it I'm
gonna make it up oh my gosh this is
tense you're there's somebody up there
and there's somebody over there you know
what I don't want to take on two people
through both of the higher ground than
me so am i hidden here I think okay I'm
going I'm going
okay enemy spotted enemy spotted I'm
building I'm building I'm building
I missed I missed my shot I got it geez
guys seriously I missed another shot
there I think I'm gonna make a tower
guys last time I made a tower it was
okay so I'm gonna do it again baby I'm
so nervous right now
I just don't want to speak yo is someone
behind there I think they are hold on
I'm gonna fire a warning shot although
they're okay
what are you bill he built just in time
I'm firing one more guys I've got 20
rockets right now oh my god he's got an
RPG as well okay you missed that one's
not gonna miss oh gosh big it became big
hit big hit I'm out okay hide hide hide
med kit med kits med kit MagTek mag
tanks I'm not gonna lie guys he
completely wrecked me in that little 1v1
I don't know where the hell he is but
this is super super intense yo I have no
clue why he's gone okay five people left
someone
yes he got he died he died he died he
got lost in the storm I didn't even get
the kill for that baby guys three people
life two more left
let me make a toast een rockets
I ain't afraid to use them baby in my
last win I won with the Rockets so I am
gonna keep sending these Rockets yo why
is this guy doing oh god he's there okay
okay I see you buddy
okay that I'm not doing not mind doing
that might do him imma build one more
higher I need to try and keep the high
ground it's super important I'm a poor
trap down yo I see you buddy I see you I
see you peeking buddy I see you peeking
out there buddy
wow we got hit on me my RPG hit y'all
I'm going for him I'm going oh gosh he
almost got me I should have probably
just kept going and then I should have
probably kept going ah come on where is
he where is he another RPG out
let's knock it down baby come on it's
down oh no I had to reload I made
another mistake where's the other guy er
I don't know where the other guy is
I don't care uh Neil oh yeah I got him I
got him
okay drink drink drink where's this
other guy let's get him shield on
did I just go in
I'm not let me confuse guys I got one
pump on him and then I join down I
thought I died because I was only like
17 then he what reaction you were
looking for I just don't know I'm
saddened because I thought I lost like I
thought I'd blown it I literally have no
clue how we managed to get that win but
we did I finished the game on five kills
but two kills I didn't get because one
guy killed himself and one guy died in
the storm as I was shooting him the
weirdest whatever we'll wait wait wait
wait a minute guys that's two games I
played with this hoodie on and I
unbeaten drink this hoodie you know what
guys if you haven't already got some of
this merch and if you're a noob like me
then get it guys because I'm pretty sure
this mode has a lucky charm like at this
point I don't even know what's going on
long story short
every time I film a video I'm gonna
watch some buddies merge because it
seems to be doing well for me anyway
guys that was to for an expected but
going back to the main point of this
video mom still isn't back I have no
clue where the hell she is but guys I'm
gonna stay here and wait food to come
back and then as soon as she comes back
I'm gonna get her reaction on camera
because this is gonna be hilarious maybe
she hasn't even noticed I'm I have to
give her a call but guys I'll let you
know keep watching because this is gonna
be hilarious look at that boys and girls
two wins now I actually can't believe I
oh my god
where why would you call these
notifications on my phone me why are you
filming hey how's it going I'm just
spending money again how are you doing
what do you mean I have no idea no I've
just been such a home reading books and
doing my homework will you go out of the
way what the hell you do what face it's
just you're back from playing for
tonight why stop 27800 fifty people
you'll be spending my money again I
haven't I've just mean sat at home
learning the alphabet if you don't stop
it stupid honestly I have no clue what
you're talking about I am a child of the
Lord I would never steal I am a good boy
you took money from me you took money
from your dad and now you taking money
from me again this has got to stop I've
got the information on my phone and it's
there I'm your scream do you know what
I'm gonna do I don't know what you're
talking about V books I've just been
playing all night okay
I haven't been reading okay I haven't
been writing but I just don't know the
windmill I just don't know the Windy
Hill look no no I won twice see that's
what I've been doing I've just been
playing for a night and I got another
win how cool is that just fed up a bit
more
I'm fed up with this fortnight I don't
care with you about two wins one wing
all I know is that you keep spending my
money am I meant to put food on the
table and clothes on your back if you
keep spending all my money well I don't
need clothes on my back
I'm already reference everything
mum ok ok ok let me confess the truth
I spent some money on your card on vevo
yeah I know more good that's the point I
know that I know I think you forgot
about our little agreement do you want
me to remind you again I have an
agreement
you can spend my money there's no
agreement you know what crazy only let's
play that clip right now I'm gonna give
you an offer mum if I win I get limited
skins from you I that is not me I don't
know anything about that no I do know
you've done something to photoshop er
yes you put my head on somebody else's
body that's what you've done yeah I
would have agreed to it Morgan no it's
not me I don't remember that I couldn't
have you taking my card I'm gonna in
fact I'm cancelling on the car oh you
should have thought about this before
you agreed you did y'all better play the
damn clip again woman I didn't agree
Morgan I didn't do that
no the hunt Shay absolutely a deal mom I
put my hand out and you shook it because
that's just an automatic reaction as I
saying hello to somebody not put your
hand out now see hello
how about cancel those and get my money
back well you can't cancel I can do I
can't get my money back you don't agree
you know I've impressed me and
complain to somebody about its order
complain to not having this log and it's
just wrong stop filming now that's the
no stop filming come on that's rubbish
it's stupid Morgan I'm gonna do
something about this wait wait wait what
the hell you put hey hey hey what's in
your hand show me what's in your hands
hey you can't take my parts not one
moment someone seriously we didn't agree
to this
oh we can't run off again with my cards
guys I think she's actually running off
again she's taking my cards mark come
back you can't reverse this order for
you doing we can see you we're not blind
oh my god you know uh Jesus I've I have
no words for what's happened here guys
again I have absolutely no idea what the
hell this video turn into just like the
last one handed in running up but this
time instead of running off with her
card she ran off with my here what is I
even mean surely she's not gonna steal
and ride with us popping war she was
thinking when I took her Morgan yeah
wolf she uses your card to buy a new
house and moves out you know what I
think I'm gonna go cancel my card
because I and if you want to get some
merch which improves your four knife
skills by 90% go call some of my fourth
I inspired merch moves don't care link
in the description you don't wanna is
guys as far as purchasing Chinese UK
even in the world
that's how craziness no other YouTube
has got merch that makes you better a
fortnight I'm out there changing the
game baby
that scientifically proven its morgues
typically proven guys subscribe to the
channel if you do I'm gonna keep my eyes
out to see what that mum's doing
hopefully she doesn't spin this man into
a prank on me on her channel but
laughter wait and see I know so much and
as always I'd be more you guys but also
guys I'll see you in my next video peace
out
