hey guys it's mugs and today we have an
extremely special video because as you
guys have probably noticed we have it
two thousand fucking subscribers mm I am
still protesting dying my brain you guys
at the moment have just been
unbelievable and I really cannot thank
you enough for the support that you're
giving me but I thought a really good
way to repay you guys
for two thousand subs would be to do one
of the most dreaded videos I have been
scared of doing ever since you know I
realize that this YouTube channel was
actually taken off reacting to my old
videos so the first video I want to show
you guys is one called shootout Sunday
now this was a series I did about a year
ago with my friend Kyle Bailey
nope not shout out Sunday shootout
Sunday pretty much we did a penalty
shootout like every Sunday even though
we only did it like every three Sundays
for some reason and literally just just
look at us okay guys so there we go as
you can see the title penalty shootout
Sunday the post I'm gonna put in full
screen and first thing I just want you
guys to realize is oh my god look at the
hair what I mean what my doing
oh my God look how fast I was just look
at those cheeks they're like fucking
planets how's it gonna get with the
first penalty oh look at every Scarlett
what a player this kid is always
phenomenal he's always been phenomenal
this morgan'll sent a great save pal
grateful didn't save how I put it
he's toe poked it he's topo kick look at
him look at the size and he's like a
planet he's like a planet lives look at
this geezer
he's art ears are I want to save I mean
I mean that was a pretty good penalty I
don't know I stopped it look it look up
she was oh my goodness gracious oh I won
the second legendary game this time
actuary said last time but you would get
revenge in well there's nothing because
I'm clearly sorted
yes bomb yeah I was told me there I'm
just gonna take that one he's told me
there I remember this is he somehow not
saved it it was like that far from him
and he's not saved it right so here's a
video that me and my friend Bailey again
made called I'm in my mom's car remix
now this got 2191 views back in the day
fools that was absolutely incredible
because we got like ten views on every
video right so this is back in the day
when I'm in my mom's car was the shit it
was like the funniest thing ever
get off me soon oh I'm literally don't
walk or even was that that got 2,000
views what I don't even fucking know
we're gonna go back now even further
we're gonna go back to when I was about
10 years old and yes I was making videos
at 10 years old was an absolute sausage
anyway this is a Minecraft let's build a
town series and I don't have a face time
on it but I just want you guys to listen
to my voice because I mean is just I
can't even explain it to you I'm just
gonna I'm gonna let you watch it
bloody advertisements here we go you
ready guys get ready hello YouTube
Shadow 9 on hand we're gonna be doing
something slightly different we're going
to be doing a minecraft life goal for
the town oh my god now basically this
episode is gonna be the wall by the town
oh my god oh my god listen to him oh oh
just shut up Morgan
hey listen I don't know what to buddy
say nah I've had enough of that I've I
didn't fuck off more gonna biting off
your that you're talkin now here we got
a video that I made on October 22nd of
2011 and it's pretty much it's called
try to watch this without laughing and
it's pretty much me just deliberately
falling over because I thought it'd be
funny
the quality's like 220 P but just watch
this I don't even know guys that's the
me that's the video it's just me falling
over and the funny thing was look at
that too like six dislikes well done I
was always good with a likes on my
channels this was on FIFA 14 when I got
team of the season code in and literally
I just put so much fake reactions into
this it'll just listen oh he's got
golden lads what are you gonna react
I mean that scream is probably worse
than being fucking penetrated by a
20-inch dildo in your ear
Whiteley what was that how would anyone
watch that that that scream though Oh
10 outta 10 IGN so guys that's the end
of this this 2k special reacting to my
old videos I actually like going back
and watching these old videos just
because it reminds me of how much in my
opinion I've improved this day and
honestly 2k Souls is just more than I
could have ever asked for it honestly
means so much to me you guys won't
realize it but it really does so all I
asking you guys is just to keep being
awesome and I'll just keep doing my part
because honestly without you guys won't
be doing YouTube today
so honestly thank you guys so much if we
could go for 150 likes on this video
just because I've actually showed you
these horrible videos that would just be
awesome guys but thank you so much for
just being here and being awesome I've
been morgues you guys have been awesome
and I will see you guys later peace Oh
you
