yes yo guys it's more time today we have
a bit of a strange video I'm in FIFA 16
I can see do you think it looks like me
I kind of think it do - the hair because
obviously they're not gonna have this
sucker shot hairstyle on the game but
the actual face it looks a lot like me
which is really fucking weird so guys
just a quick note - what this new series
actually is pretty much as you can see
I've created myself on 360 news and game
face and we're going to be going online
and playing on pro clubs with my self
pretty much I thought it'd be a really
fun idea to go online with myself
hopefully we can store some beauties
it'll be really fun to see how I do
- hopefully like the new series idea and
let's get started okay so we have found
a game as you can see there's quite a
lot of people in it so it should be fun
I'm just really fucking creeped out by
how accurate that game face was it's
really fucking weird fucking many guys
you don't understand this is the this is
my moment of Fame in the game and in
front of all these people probably about
12 but hey ho let's do this
climb the yellow player as you can see
the one with the first in pace just like
real life really one players good ball
Mosby's first go to the game oh it's a
beauty it's more despairs torture the
game that is what I bring I fucking
deliver I fucking deliver look at this
my first touch in the fucking game
Morgan opsin delivers look a lot like me
like me I'm on the game and I've scored
on my first coach
it's morg one nail whoo oh oh it's a boy
Evan is it I think it's a foul sighs I'm
putting free kick to them oh ma you
stolen it mo just stolen it
Molly's stolen it what a cynical get it
off get him off oh my god Morrison
time to shine movin on some with his
time to shine here put a dink over the
wall oh now I want to save No oh dear my
team to think good enough for me
I mean why am i play with you I could be
playing for any game in the world right
now I mean I'm the best player out there
did you see me then I mean no wonder
people compare me to Cristiano Ronaldo
oh it's a good ball more disease found
himself in a bit space skips past one he
skips past two gonna give the long shot
cheeky Oh red card service the asuke
Zoff bloody ell look at him he's not
gonna be happy about that manager gonna
be fuming look at him looks like an
angry fucking gorilla dust the type
person you do not want to see in an
alleyway and I what we doing oh my god
who the fucking hell dog God all the
work I'm pointing to this fucking team
and all they do is be fucking shit
what's he fucking delay halftime lads
and the player of the match has got to
be it's mogs
phenomenal he's been causing raucous
life Ryan centre Barcelona Easter Bunny
come in and sign this kid up oh what a
win from mobs he started this entire
attack you gotta play him in play min no
what are you doing sweaty go No
oh my goodness gracious
who offered all from this mysterious man
it was eight they'd found him on the
street they brung him in a bleep or
count him and he's done this oh it's a
beauty lads
I mean it's not as good as me no good as
my goal but it's a solid eight I'll
contain nothing mine was a solid ten
more just stole it
what's he gonna do it he's got me two
men he's gonna carry on going
mogs he's one of energy boys carried on
going mugs
oh my god what is going on he's mister
sitter was he doing something law stood
up and he was he I think he's broken it
legs are summer thighs it guys much done
more dead fucking sick goggle and it
absolutely awesome son the best point
out there obviously so guys that was the
end of playing with myself on FIFA
and come to think of it that kind of
sounds really weird anyway I really hope
you enjoyed if we could smash 80 likes
that would be fucking insane you guys
are the best at the moment by the way we
are growing like 30 subs every day and
we're getting 100 lights almost every
video
guys the dream is coming true this is
insane and I just can't thank you guys
enough if you are new then please
subscribe down below at the moment I'm
uploading daily feed for content and
other good stuff so it's really sick at
the moment so please subscribe if you
haven't already but as always I've been
logged you guys have been awesome and I
will see you guys later peace
