what's going on guys it's mugs and today
we have episode 2 of the Sheffield
Wednesday career mode on FIFA 16 just a
few things to cover before we get in and
I will love you guys wanted a facecam
for this episode and I just want to say
why there isn't one first of all I'm
pretty ill I'm not gonna lie to you guys
I look like I'm not dressed I
haven't done my hair
so hopefully the audio is enough for you
just for this episode
trust me facecam will be coming soon but
I really do hope you understand as I
really just don't feel well so if you
remember in the last episode we were
trying to sign Charlie Austin at the
moment the budget is 4.8 million so I
think what we'll have to do is sell a
few more players or sign someone else
instead a few players have been
suggested to me but first thing we're
going to do for this episode is go into
the first game of the season and we are
going to play it so I've gone with what
I feel is the strong side for this game
as you can see Matthias vos Thierry sugu
Bannon Lopez Lee Volker like mint leaves
and parma so we're going to crack into
this game now it is a home I believe to
Middlesbrough is that right let me check
yeah at home to Middlesbrough first game
of the season so it's going to be a good
game middles better always any hard team
to be in the championship they have a
very good reputation as you guys
probably know so I would be happy with a
draw on this game but we're gonna push
for the win obviously because three
points is better than one mateus but I
stole it go fish are always in the post
already we have in the post and it was a
deflected na deflected shot that keep it
powering it onto the post from Mattias a
shot unlucky to not be winning Oh
brilliant play this Bannon what
brilliant ball out wide to sugu looks
like folks carry in the middle he's put
it in and the keeper catches it oh my oh
dear okay so we are one-nil down on the
first game of the season first of all
the shot was hit the pen
and deflected down and it just fell -
who is it who scored she spelled her
Middlesbrough player to tap in not the
best start for Wednesday and it was
Stewart down and who got the goal could
we respond to Ilya could we respond
earlier in the box
Oh couldn't quite get the shot away that
was unlucky from us oh it's a good
little ball to bury Bannon found itself
in a little bit of space here kind of do
a bit skill plays it wide open under
force Thierry good little turn cook back
in putting up the finesse over here we
score 1-1 but boys James believe wiser
absolutely Billy go get er wide does a
little bait shop crossing another no
face shots and a light sauce finesse
shop boy brilliant goal for first airing
the first goal and our Chevy Wednesday
career mode from feisty Airy to get the
equalizer a minute before half-time what
brilliant goal as you can see here is
half-time there the scores from the
league as you can see rather enjoying
one one with QPR so that's a pretty good
result for them at halftime but as you
can see from a starts we are warm warm
with Middlesbrough and it hasn't been
the worst game so far but I'm going to
make a change it's going to be Frances
Camano on for sugu I did want to start
come on oh boy he did have a little
injury problem so I thought I'd wait
till halftime to bring him on okay so
it's the 77th minute in the game we are
going to bring on the one and only
caliche eye and at you obviously scored
but pass in here or find yourself out to
Palmer plays it down the line what
brilliant falling behind plays across in
I not you Oh looky
and there we go the full time whistle is
blown chef your Wednesday 1
Middlesbrough one not the best game ever
but honestly I'm not too disappointed
with the result here we have an offer
from Birmingham City 14 new you I'm
going to up the price to 545 if they
accept that I'll be happy because as I
mentioned in the last episode we don't
need new you when we could be pulling
the money towards a bigger and better
striker Middlesbrough vastly match the
440 grand fold
Lubin's as you can see now short gap in
between the first league game and now
Capital One Cup game packets which we
are home so I'm going to play this as
Ipswich I pretty good team plan going
from making some changes to the starting
lineup and actually that's about it I
don't want to be changing too much since
we didn't play too bad against
Middlesbrough but I think this team is
easily capable of a win at home - it's
switch so here we go fish which are
going to be starting this game with the
kick up and we are underway hopefully we
can get the win so if switch are
literally just passing it around the bat
so I'm gonna go attacking because I need
to get some possession I literally
haven't barely how to touch here boys
Thierry you've got a lot to do
can't either squeeze past the players
things over is a good ball - Matthias
cuts in kind of get the shot way he's
almost in there
we got the Shaw way or his good word
from attires but he couldn't quite
squeeze it in we have a corn in our
first call of the series whipped in all
when it's clear off the line this is end
to end my ties with a good chance here
host dies a penalty penalty the first
penalty of the series it was an absolute
terrible challenge from Christoph Bearer
probably one of the best defenders in
the championship but utilit absolutely
horrendous challenge there on Matthias
and it's going to be our first penalty
and it's going to be Matthias to take it
let me just check actually yeah it's
gonna be my ties to take it guys I'm
going right good goal and Mattias gets
us the lead in the 45-minute mark and
Mattias wins the penalty then scores the
penalty 1 nil Sheffield Wednesday and
there we go the half-time whistle is
gone and we are winning one nil very few
of the scores from around the ground or
so good ball up for sharing from space
skips past his man he's one on one he's
getting caught up oh no he didn't have
enough energy definitely has to come off
as he sees in red energy he has the pace
to show off that man and go on there but
we just haven't gone up energy after
playing both the matches we're gonna
have to make a substitution the two
substitutions is finally come on it was
actually iron at you and Lucas yeah
which already the 90 minutes where it
won't really matter and there we go guys
full-time chef
Wednesday one hits which nil in the
Capital One Cup a brilliant result for
Wednesday so we have accepted an offer
from Birmingham for 425 K party new you
okay guys so final match for this
episode is going to be away at Blackburn
in the Football League championship so
I'm going to make one change and it's
going to be ayan at you at right wing
this is critical traversal but I just
want to give him a game see how he can
do so Blackburn of course the size
similar cheffy wednesday pushing for
promotion they have Jordan Rhodes who is
a fantastic player probably the best
strike in the championship so we do need
to watch out for him also good more back
heel good ball through here for Aries
all by itself skills if man is gonna go
out wide here there's options in the
middle so we might be looking for the
cross put the ball in I just can't make
the connection fan and with another
quality interception plays in through
good for post Gary Cuddy score go boy
went in it was it's unlucky for first
year as a great shot it just went inches
wide of the post I genuinely thought it
went in it looked really promising clue
China Chu plays a good ball nice ball
through is be the offside trap always
just saved from the keeper how is he not
scored that they on looking for Boise
area with a great run and a great pass
we just couldn't squeeze in the ball
okay and there we go halftime as you can
see the game is nil nil there some
scores from around the grounds but
better pretty boy in half we are going
to make a change we're gonna bring on
Lucas shower for Fernando Fazio because
first Gary has them too well this game
he hasn't finished his dinner he hasn't
finished those chances it's just not
what we want to see really
I'm post I would like to get Lucas
shower chance as he we haven't played in
too much this series and he has got Brad
potential for the future just like ioan
at you oh it's a great ball out why from
Zhao I not you my coin here goes back
out wide I not you oh I'll just save the
keeper just cannot be beaten
is going on here foster Falk were all
quiet all what save this keeper must be
taking some man he is just stopping
everything time is ticking away guys and
it's still nil now now there wouldn't be
a bad result I really do want to push
for the win here but we've intercepted
it's a good ball surely this is it it's
a good ball filter Luka Joe is he on
side
Lucas Shou is outside he scored
the goal based offside I so unlucky for
us oh dear and there we go guys ended
nil nil chef unz blackburn to be honest
I'm not too upset because the game could
have ended literally for nil the keeper
on their team was absolutely
unbelievable guys so one last thing just
before we end the episode we are going
to do a training session now this was
suggested to me by some of you guys and
I'm actually going to do it right here
today so we all just get had some
players as you can see so let's simulate
let's simulate all let's do it five four
three two one was going to happen as you
can see there we go we got a a B D a D
and an A so there we go not too bad guys
guys were longer to end this episode so
let's recap we had a 1-1 we had a one
nil and a nil nil so it is obvious we
are working a bit of creativity and a
bit finishing power up front so we are
obviously looking to sand striker so
don't judge us off this episode because
we are looking to side a big striker who
will win us those games up front we have
a lot of money so we are going to be
using it in the next episode so thank
you so much for tuning into this episode
as always if there's anyone you would
like us to try and SCI leave in the
comments below any tips tricks or
anything like that leave in the comments
below as always I've been marked you
guys been awesome and I will see you
guys later peace
Oh
you
