yo guys it's morgues and today we have
aa Skype go away yo guys is mugs and
today we got an absolutely sick video
for you guys this is a lot of montage of
my best players I've packed so far on
FIFA 16 now I've had some absolute
beauties
I like youtubers this year been getting
shits all in pack for me then the other
way around I think it's of absolute
beauties so in this video I'm gonna take
you through them show you them and
hopefully you enjoy so the first real
beauty I have got as you can see Andres
Iniesta look at that hat guys it has got
Elias that I'm a tweeting it guys you
may think it's any Esther average player
never really ghost that much ghost about
60 K guys and that is a ton of this game
and then you may think between these
boys it is that you've never really gone
that much our guy deals with 25k
from that part I made almost 100k guys
that part was incredible because I only
bought five pound of FIFA points and
that was my first part so I was over the
moon that got me enough money to make an
absolutely awesome team and the second
really good poll I've got is Jackson
Martinez as you can see he is an
absolute beast on this game he looks
like a tank he does go for about 40k
which is another incredible poor guys
that's 104 he came right there just from
free to some 2-packs that's incredible
they're probably my best parks I've got
this year so far so I'm so for sure
globe I really just wanted to get this
out there and show you guys my best
packs this year including 88 rated +
Iniesta guys eyes a sick ball so guys
please smash a like for that Andres
Iniesta product glycemic reading and
follow Jackson Martinez I've got more
videos coming soon on FIFA 16 including
the career mode so get ready for it guys
also sorry for like what loads these
last few days I've been really ill I've
had a proper bad cold my nose has been
blocked and my throat's been soft so
obviously I couldn't make videos as I
sounded like absolute thank you so
much for watching guys
I've been mauled you've been awesome and
I will see you guys I like to peace ow
