oh my god FIFA 16 is here after the
fucking massive way of the N bar FIFA 50
which was boring as hell
we have FIFA 16 now this is the EA early
access I have 8 hours left so in that
time I'm gonna be pumping out videos for
you guys a bunch of different shit guys
it's going to be awesome so in this
episode we have a pack opening oh my god
guys some of the players in this game
look phenomenal I'm gonna show you guys
a team of the week guys prepare
yourselves oh my god guys I said prepare
yourselves look at that team 94 rates of
infant Kirstie Arnoff Ronaldo look-alike
our guys I can't even I just I cannot
even process in my mind how good that
card looks we have higher it looks
Abby's worried and who looks like
literally the most OB midfielder I've
ever seen in my life
we've got absolutely tons of players
guys so the main question guys is why
the fuck are we waiting let's get into
this with the first part of this episode
a LeBron the front and we tried to open
it with coins Alaba come on father guys
look at this animation holy shit
animation is absolutely insane the putt
on the other hand was absolutely shit
whoo guys I'm build a good player come
on
I'm feeling it I'm feeling it it grows
on the front I'm feeling I'm kind of
feeling a glow in the pock I'm not gonna
lie oh oh oh
Shawcross that was me the troll and
England Center like it can be guy Cahill
oh yeah come on guys
first your position pipe no-look pass
oh my god no looks hot gave me so me to
play it in the previous papers free to
you want
well that was fuckin dreadful guys we're
gonna do a turn off the motor pack so
I'm gonna open it tight right now
and turn them on or off I don't see a
thing right now you can tell up showing
up in the faces of God hell are dancing
guys I'm gonna turn it on in three two
Ronis please please please still loading
Oh God
Celtic send to the bench in mid oh look
at this
okay so we're displaying it what car
Junior's life winkled Chavez is falling
them on the market and the cheapest is
6.5 K so we are gonna lift them up to 6
K guys we're gonna go with the Pepsi Max
part ayat I love this drink come on mmm
ooh
Radu not too bad I'll take a little
cheeky Radu come on this has been
possibly the most disappointed park
opening of all time can we change around
with a skip pack oh you funny Jew he
goes through the mouth I know that for
fucking sentence he goes for about 6 K
yes guys 4.1 K you may like to me forget
it shout about 4.5 cable dies considered
a lot in this game so far you think
about it
player surprised hasn't gone down a wall
you can get some decent players for 4.5
K and I'm really happy with that Mahmoud
you I am fuckin fiddle for this come on
honey cane the mood is getting knocked I
needed a player three two one skip oh
yes that's better
nice better trap I don't mind that
that's the decent player Joe Allen what
the fuck has he done with that beard
holy shit guys he looks like someone out
of a fucking black and white film holy
shit ag√ºero
oh fuck off get my little pigs in this
game ah I don't even know anymore
Oh guys a squad fitness and freak a get
it guys last part and it's gonna have to
be a normal goal pack imagine forgot
someone is saying in this I would legit
go mental
oh okay I think we were dreaming a bit
too hard there so that is the end of the
FIFA 16 pack opening guys I know we
didn't get the best players but the way
C's at the moment no one is EA have
obviously made the Pat's worse to try
and help the market so Li would mean the
world to me guys I'm gonna be doing a
lot more of FIFA 16 so hopefully you
guys enjoy that I haven't done a FIFA
video with ages so tell me in the
comments if you want to see more thank
you guys so much watching on you and hit
that subscribe button I was every other
day thanks so much for watch this video
and I will see you guys later peace out
