do a dramatic intro
you
oh shit uh-oh busted oh shit actually do
the Naenae dance don't enjoy funny now
watch me whip kill it now watch me nae
nae okay now watch me where where watch
me nae nae can you record yourself doing
a poo how big is your penis will you
touch me yes what software do you use to
edit your videos to record my videos I
use the Elgato Game Capture to edit my
videos I use Final Cut Pro and to make
my thumbnails I use Adobe Photoshop cs6
will you start twitch anytime soon now
actually have twitch I made it the other
day and I've got it set up with all the
donation forms and the follower alerts
and everything like that come follow me
on there to be notified when I go live
I'm actually streaming I love everyday
at the moment so the link to my twitch
will be in the description go and leave
me follow so you'll be notified when I
go live so the answer your question is
yet I do have twitch and you should
definitely go follow me on there on a
scale of one to ten ten being seven and
one being free was your favorite color
of the alphabet in Roman numerals so
anyone know it's dead I can't bring it
back it's already dead just just just
know
would you rather kill yourself or commit
suicide that's a pretty good question
there well done thumbs up for the great
question I would rather kill myself
would you rather be gay or homosexual
seriously now even are these questions
guys I mean what the hell odd how do I
even know anymore
I got into that I don't know oh god help
me
why even all these fucking questions if
you had to choose between being a thief
in youtuber by Cod youtuber which one
would you pick Raja that's quite a good
question called you in FIFO two of my
favorite franchises but if I had to pick
one I'd probably go with FIFA edging it
with a little bit because as much as I
do enjoy Call of Duty I just feel like
there's more you can do with FIFA on
college oh it just feels like maybe
after a while it gets a bit boring and
there won't be so many videos to make
for the--for there's a range of
different like game modes and everything
so I'd probably go FIFA youtuber how
many toes do you have now ass why oh god
I'm literally done I'm literally done
right so guys the end of this Q and a if
you didn't get your question answered
then I'm sorry but I do this pretty
frequently so just leave a question for
the next one and you'll probably getting
it please check out my twitch as I
mentioned in the video I started not
long ago and if you leave me a follow
you will be notified when I go live and
that would help me out greatly thanks
for everyone who like questions for this
video if you want to see all my social
media links they're all in the
description below Ally would be much
appreciated if you have enjoyed this
video can we hit 55 likes for this Q&A I
think we can guys smash those lights
let's get 55 any feedback or anything
like that leave in the comment section
below if I knew then hit that subscribe
button and I will see you guys later
peace Oh
