hello guys Morgan and welcome to my
ultimate gaming setup now first things
first just before we get in to the room
thank you guys so much for 1250 subs but
let's get into the gaming settle so I'm
just gonna give you a little tour around
my room just before we get into the
setup as you can see right here this is
where we come in just the door rail to
the left of that well the right as you
come in is my TV as you see over here we
have this big-ass stands which are
pretty much just DVDs CDs my xbox games
I'll show you some of these Call of Duty
half and return the wrong way around
which isn't great but I'll turn them
around right now there we go those my
Xbox games as you seen Batman for the
for the GTA call Julie FIFA Barfield
there were more combat Park rifle and
ghosts and here we are powerful bag this
is actually empty but it's just they're
just so cool
I just feel don't love Apple Mike's
first awesome anyway down here we have
just a school bag here we have some
speakers which I'm not really using and
here we have my bed
this is a double bed nothing much really
going on there just the bed really here
we have a little bedside table got some
TV remotes and that draws push you know
stop in here they only go in there much
um so yeah here we have my sofa now this
was in this house when we moved into it
my parents had already brought well my
mom had already brought a sofa for the
lounge so she was just gonna scrap this
five thought I'd have the I managed to
fit it into my room um I don't go on it
too much it mainly just come clothes on
it right there for when friends come
round and other things will add charm
there too pretty pretty good sofa I
guess but it's just it was already there
and moving to the house I thought
amazing little hobby right here we have
my wardrobe got some boxes on top of
that as you can see that's what's one
tael beach and a few others there's got
mirror on it this is really a wardrobe
but now is the moment you have been
waiting for the gaming setup boom there
we go guys let me just move back so you
can see the full package
I'll just change that round like that so
as you guys know I have a bedroom at my
mom's on my dad this is called with my
mom's house and is currently the
six-week holidays for me right now we've
got into the second half of the 16th
holidays and I spent the first half of
it at my dad's house so I thought why
not combine everything that I have in my
mom's house and my dad's house to make
this so obviously when the school starts
are getting off the move some of this
back to my dad's which will be a shame
but everything you'll see there is
pretty much everything I have in both
houses so let me take you round it first
of all here is my chi chi omega racing
chair this thing is absolutely tank so
comfortable when you are sitting on it
and gaming it does a lot of things it's
adjustable until I die is a really
awesome chair and I like it here we have
a little mini fridge this is actually
really cheap a lot of the stuff that you
see now I got a sale or off eBay but
this has some coconut things of jeito
right now it also normal tuna in the
middle
give it up my charging cradle they saved
money on batteries and it's pretty
awesome there were two hours once
remotes we've got this almost like a
comma one and that is just the day one
edition controller hats letting get this
on day one I ordered a day one edition
off eBay when I got my xbox bought
that's pretty awesome
do another dance and cool fun again
picks up in the sale not too bad behind
there's a little speaker this is
actually dead cheap of spare five pounds
to say the size and the quality of it
it's actually really good deal on the
wall there we are my two headsets which
I use we have my turtle beeches
you see these crab in my videos and my
astro a40 is which you see pretty much
all the time in my other videos buddy
I'll start then this headset is just you
know one of the great headsets I've ever
used it's just good quality good sound
and it looks sick as well right so here
we have some G fuel I have true punch
and I have watermelon got the cup back
there
it's an awesome drink it's like an
energy drink but have less calories less
sugar pretty much less everything but it
still tastes absolutely sick I'm this
awesome I like it and here we have
pretty much where the magic happens
right so starting on the left here this
is my gaming PC monitor screen right so
this gaming PC wasn't my dad's this
would come in the main thing I brought
over to this setup and as you can see we
have the razor
keyboard I'm not sure which razor
keyboard this is but it's really comfy
when you're gaming not very loud really
nice to rest your hands on so it's
pretty sick here we have just a Ben Q
monitor just pretty standard stuff
really I think it's like 24-inch which
isn't too bad 26 maybe underneath we
have my absolute beast gaming PC my
fitness thing up again in the sale on
eBay bought this thing just want like
absolute champ is just so awesome if we
look over here we have my xbox one they
want edition with the Kinect and never
get connected I really
don't like it just you know distract you
and it don't work all the time
now go to HD by there anything any cool
any games do you see I recorded off of
that which is pretty awesome here we
have my TV it's just a Samsung TV I
refuse it for gaming so I'm on a
computer excuse it for Xbox really
really cheap I got any sale again and my
 computer is going off and here
we have pretty much everything that I do
everything on this is my macbook um my
both warming about this is my iMac 21
inch is awesome I mean a lot of people
don't like Mac spiders all of this thing
I use it for pretty much everything
really awesome and here we have my mic
which I use in all my videos it is the
blue Yeti with a hot filter box off ebay
love the mic sounds awesome
down here connected to my iMac is just
the keyboard that you get with the arm
out and here the H
knives from fights I've had this mouse
for like three years is literally the
best mouse I've ever used
I mean to a mouse to stay for three
years pretty incredible and here we are
come to the final part of my settle this
is my iPod
full five I actually got this today
yesterday so as you guys know it was my
birthday about two weeks ago this is my
birthday present guys I just got it
today is awesome it's it I'm pretty sure
it's an iPad air 2 with a smart case on
it like my birthday present Father's
year I mean I've literally had about an
hour to use it and it's pretty sick so
far so yeah that's pretty much the end
of my setup but one last thing to show
you which pretty much was makes the
whole set of better look guys we call
them LEDs all around the desk so let me
turn my lights out oh yeah look at that
guys I mean when you plan at night these
LEDs just look so good when you're in
the dark they just light up so much as
you see look at this green man that
looks amazing so yeah I added them not
long ago they're like 15 pounds on
Amazon for a 5 meter LED strip pretty
much I'll tell you on the back of my
desk now as you see them shining all the
way around the edges really awesome guys
that is the end of my ultimate gaming
setup unfortunately in a few weeks I'll
have to dismantle this thing which will
break my heart and spit out my dad's
because obviously I don't want a loss of
hair and pretty much nothing at my dad's
if you understand the book thank you
guys so much for watching this gaming
setup guys if we can hit 50 likes dies
awesome guys they have mean the world to
me if you are new then please subscribe
for content every other day like so much
watching my video and I will see you
guys later peace
you
