little port impossible PMF correspond
screaming hey guys how are we going
Morgan and today we have a gari
so this is episode 2 of my race to the
top series the first episode got some
mad support for you guys so here we are
with episode 2 of agario race to the top
so pretty much this series is we go on
agario and we try and get to the top of
the leaderboard so last episode we
couldn't even go onto the leaderboard
whatsoever so hopefully we'll see a
slight improvement this episode so while
we wait for let's get straight into the
shit I have a good feeling about today
guys I have a very good feeling about
today I have a feeling we are gonna
fucking eat everybody up like fucking
breakfast guys if you moments later
oh shit haha was fucking dreadful I met
I met boom we got our first kill of the
day and it was our met oh I saw you I
saw you you lime-green motherfucker you
are dead bitch if I can get those boom
shaka laka laka laka boom boom shaka
laka laka laka boom boom you sure you
wanna give up pal are you sure bro bro
are you sure are you sure bro are you
motherfucking sure no you're not sure
cuz we just got a sick kill oh dear oh
dear
boom we're gonna make it we're gonna
believe me Oh dear me Deary me
dear we doo doo doo Deary me dear old
Jesus okay he got my big bit that went
from here to here now we are this huge
mixed okay with Rhoda
yeah fuckin just have me bitch it's only
game why do you have to be mad go away
Queen you old bitch go away Queen you
old bitch Hey look everyone it's a big
black ball
no she's got shit I'm at the corner oh
it moved off fuck your mom oh no I'm
getting touched by a tip I'm getting
touched by a tip help me help me I'll
get it touched by a tip oh my god I just
got an i lured by a tip guys I feel like
this series we've been missing something
that object is going to bring us the
look that we need ladies and gentlemen
the shades
let's fucking do this touch tips revenge
motherfucker oh fuck oh no for God's
sake come oh it's getting fucking
bullies do you know what shades fuck you
you let me down go there for the steal
Lutz I'm going in for the fucking steal
oh shit oh shit I'm in for the steal oh
shit I'm stuck I'm stuck in between this
guy know what I do he's gonna eat me oh
shit shit shit double-booking am using
Somalia Somalia
fuck you Somalia oh my god look it's
fine if it's fine yes
come on Spain give me some mass no no
yes guys we've done pretty sick little
split there I wasn't as commentary as I
did it but we got it and we are now 300
mass yes guys let's do this let's go on
let's get on the goddamn leaderboard son
let's fucking do this turkey Turkey
turkey Turkey turkey all for Jesus
Christ I'm gonna get him just as him of
me off eight-ball guy come ma
are you pulling into me bro well look at
the difference look at the difference
600 mass pictures look at this blue guy
I kind of want him and I kind of want
him and I kinda get him guys getting
guys we are almost 700 masks we are not
playing around guys that is how we do it
Oh Isaac Isaac's infrared footage
trouble here so is John Stewart because
mold is here
Isaac fuck you Jon Stewart don't do it
don't do it don't see them ah Mexico
okay that was a that was a bad split
I regret that split I fucking regret
that split right now no okay okay Oh
fuckin K okay yep okay that is fucking a
I'm done
boys if you have liked this video then
Shh
smash alike can we get fifty lights on
this video guys maybe I'm being
ambitious
I don't think so can we get it you tell
me smash that like let's get 50 leave a
comment down below if you have any
questions any feedback just leave it
down there if you're new then smash that
subscribe on I blowed every other day
thank you so much for watching and I
will see you guys later peace Oh
