hey guys Morgan and guess what it's my
birthday little ports of possible care
that correspond screaming so yeah one of
the things like that for my birthday is
the college you advanced warfare
reckoning dlc pack so I don't want to
make this quick little video we're gonna
have a game on one of the new maps is my
first time playing it and here let's see
how it goes ok so we are on overload ok
so I'm not having a party for my
birthday I don't really know why for you
guys are interested I pretty much just
got money not many presents so we are on
overload here this new map and it looks
quite good there's me just getting
fucking sprayed boom nice little double
kill there so yeah this video may be
short but I just wanted to let you guys
know that it is my birthday looking
around this map this patch looks pretty
awesome so by the way guys the class i'm
using is arx-160 hole puncher really
awesome free back free round burst gone
I don't usually use them but this one
got some good reviews so if you want a
class up I will bring you one if you
want it but currently I'm using no
attachments onyx I'm trying to get it
gold so I may not be playing as good as
I usually would so yeah I'm pretty sure
layer I'm going out for like a meal with
my family probably gonna go to Nando's I
was lies literally my favorite food
place is just fucking rocks I'm not
gonna lie and this game plays actually
quite laggy I was tempted to kind of
find another game as this was really
lucky but yeah oh remote turret right my
basket don't mind if I do
daddy daddy alright yeah
maybe wasn't worth getting killed for
but I don't mind a little ammo toy I'm
gonna place it right here oh no don't
don't miss it
there we go so hopefully you guys
enjoyed my first life story which i've
loaded em yesterday went down quite well
you guys get some good support I will
probably bring out another one then
pretty soon ok so there's someone right
here guys gonna get killed
look at that that's what I mean about
this fucking gun that came with just one
little free shot burst
that was pretty sick and then ran this
is with no attachments so any kills I go
over here is without for script or
anything like that this guy is dead
lights my aim today is really off point
so yeah if you want to feel free to
leave me any birthday wishes or anything
like that in the comments below so yeah
hopefully you guys are liking these
ecology reloads I'm doing recently I've
just recently got back into the game
look at that buzzkill longshot getting
oh yes mate payback suck it bitch but
for the question of the day guys leave
in the comments what was your best
birthday memory so like maybe a
presently you enjoyed a part you enjoyed
oh my god what the thought yep you're
dead so there were you guys the match is
done let me check what my KD was I got
19 to 17 so positive KD so quick summary
here guys that map was pretty sick if
you would like a full video on the
reckoning dlc pack I will do it if you
want it here's my birthday today so
leave me any messages in the comments
below thank you so much for watching
can we get 40 likes cuz it's my birthday
guys show me some love anyway thanks so
much for watching and I will see you
guys later peace out
