hey guys moving on welcome to agario now
she's gonna be a little new series over
this holidays called race to the top and
it's pretty self-explanatory really we
play trying at number one on the
leaderboard so I YouTube got playing
agario at the moment including
millimeter PewDiePie and a lot more so I
thought I'd give it a try make a series
out of it
so what we're waiting for let's get into
this new series and get playing now you
don't know what it is pretty much tons
of people
they're all blobs like round blobs and
you've got to make your blog the biggest
out there by eating other blogs you can
also split and many other things like
that so let's just get into the game
we're gonna name our self let's just go
for morgues just to start off let's just
do our name here we go so as you can see
we start off really small and these
little tiny circles we will absorb to
get bigger so like look at the size of
Germany this is the number one guy he is
absolutely huge what the hell these
things here when you are smaller than
them you can go through them when you
are bigger than them when you touch them
they split you up into small particles
so you don't want to go near them and
this could be a potential killer frog
out if we can get this guy being so good
come on
how's it move this plate that's one I've
got him
no we got me all those little Rockies
thing ever for god sake as you see we're
starting to get quite big now we have
153 mask
oh I think I got him sick so we just
made our second kill
we are 250 mass now and we will regroup
shortly into Warner here we go
but bababa bababa bababa boom look at us
children eight oh you bastard he just
blows well huh what's fuckin dreadful
call him call him
oh oh I'm stuck out everyone with you
hundred fix me again did you see that
kill what the fuck that was so good Oh
possible kills here we're gonna try and
corner these people this guy's calling
us I need mine oh-ho we're gonna go for
like a bashing no we're not we're gonna
go for okay go caki so oh now guys I'm
getting cornered
you ain't cornered I need fans come on
oh look at these people get Germany come
on
oh we got yes yes no no we split see it
that's what happens if you go into those
things no no we Oh No we right back down
we were 600 a and now we're just a tiny
fucking blob that was so good but it
just went too bad so quickly since I
need you Fu Fu Fu Fu oh I was so close
taking out Spain we just need a little
bit more mass come on come on please
someone Oh get that big bit yes yes yes
yes yes yes yes yes
oh I get away get away get away the
score in the bottom corner seems to
glitch cuz it's been on six pay no God
say oh my life look at this big blue guy
here whoa whoa whoa oh I just wanna
fucking straight into me ah oh my god oh
the best going for me now oh come on no
no no no no no no no no no no no no no
no no no no no stay away stay away sir
oh my god okay
Oh
okay okay no nice bunny managed Sonic oh
my god lovely big blue this big big guy
go away big pink guy why you go for me
those two other guys please leave me
alone
Germany oh yes cheers mate I'll give
that mask give me that mask
give me that mass give me that Mouse
whoa-oh-oh steel go in for the steel
goes in Oh
oh right guys well as we're in the
episode of race to the top I go yeah we
have enjoyed in smooth like rating if we
can get 35 likes that would be
incredible just that last video 55
lights is the goal hopefully we can do
us think we can if we push on and smash
those likes guys comment your opinion on
this new series if you enjoy it if you
don't a few sick people suggested agario
when asked for games so hopefully you
guys are pleased you know who you are
but then get to the top in this episode
so that means that we will have to try
again but would it okay we're leaving
onto the leaderboard this episode so I
guess we didn't really do okay we did
pretty bad but oh well so yeah that's
pretty much it I will see you guys in
the next video and thank you for
watching peace
