hey guys Morgan around today we have a
record break a Crouch challenge now you
may be asking Morgan what is this
challenge well pretty much it's quite
simple we go online with this absolute
monster
record breaker crouch and we try to
score as many goals as possible simple
so we haven't in this pretty sweaty team
got some orange cards there that's one
for Lassie hopefully I'm guess with all
of this big guy so let's go find out
I mean just look at his card with 54
pace how can you even be a footballer he
may as well go play wheelchair
basketball cuz at least there's no
fucking running anyway let's get on line
and hopefully he can surprise me
probably not though Timmy could probably
do better oh god guys you don't know how
much I'm dreading this and he has got a
decent team or Crouch with the skills Oh
dear me
he's fucking she crouched can he win the
head total or how have you just lost a
header you are 6 foot 7 here we go guys
Yannick velocity and a Wiccan early for
Crouch e-baby oh my god
Oh for fuck's sake no oh my god you've
got to be taking the fucking piss
how much more AIDS can you put in me
FIFA Oh like this could be a chance
looking at Crouch in the middle always
it the fucking post
oh he's what a penalty here crowd has
just waters a penalty oh no it wasn't
couch but he made the attack so anyway
Crouch steps up to take the penalty guys
we are against noia the best keeper in
the world who is also team of season so
this isn't like a guaranteed goal book
we should be scoring this and he's at
the bar he's hit the fucking bar oh my
god no Jesus Christ
oh we've hit the bar again and he's gone
in getting guys we have the scored the
strangest goal I've ever seen in my life
ask nice play that's cheeky and glassy
just subbed him up which carried on
going look at his room from Blasi swings
winning football Crouch he's hit the
crossbar again
ah
ah he's hit the crossbar again oh my god
Oh for Christ's sake how many screams
does this team want to score in this
game Oh what bother this poses away come
on Scott and Oscar gets the goal and
still Crouch car even games over go home
so the game is over guys and my final
opinion on Peter Crouch he is more
useless than a silent fire alarm he is
literally so bad guys I said at the
start I thought my grand could play bear
and I literally still think she could
this guy is a complete waste of time
anyway guys thanks so much for watching
if you have enjoyed smash a like leave
your opinions on the next player you
want me to use and I will use him try
and keep it under 50 K but if it has to
be a book then still leave anyway thanks
so much for watching if you are new that
hit our subscribe or can we get free
likes on this video guys anyway see you
guys in the next video peace out unfuck
you crouch
you
