hey guys what's going on and today we
have another video I have no world in
ages and I'm loading again today
sorry I'm a welded a lot recently I've
been so busy but we're back today and
we've got a fuckton of 50k packs now if
you don't already the EAS FC team the
season is out and it's fucking sick we
got some 50k packs so we're going to
sketch straight into this with an oath
pack of dreams boom
rare players packs I get quite
good-looking 50k bucks but who knows
what can happen today
boom I'm fucking pissed check Wow
what are we gonna get seeing skip oh boy
oh my god you gotta be shitting me boys
get in the fucking bag I'm just taking
pictures guys let's have a selfie put
Twitter I'm not even bothered
we got a selfie guys go and give that a
favor on Twitter
lads we're gonna go on four other
account now where we've got a lot more
money so hopefully we can keep on going
we're gonna do and never look back guys
we get good-looking knees so hopefully
we can get good look in this one oh my
god I heard the Xbox notification go
didn't
that's that means it should be good
right three two one
whoo are you kidding me Vampir see
really Oh God's sake we got a run in a
skip pack so skip
oh no nine goin we got nine girl in and
he's naive oh my god we got nine German
and he's not even seeing the season
oh it's opening I'm just pin but it's
kind of hard did we actually get we got
PK he was in it oh my god we're getting
no one these packs for real oh come on
let's just go for the standard what just
watch I was no Sam watch it come on oh
my god oh my oh my god no way oh my god
oh my god oh my god like it look at it
start oh my god oh my god yeah yes I'm
taking more majors yeah another Twitter
selfie yeah anyway guys let's crack this
one open oh come on come on the hype is
real skip oh the crew she would have
been team season ah no we didn't get
teams eating that one guys do we get
anyone guys if we get anyone we've got
one last spot that last spot the end is
it a blue there no there's not all
Griezmann is though he's somebody and
get into it
what a shame we didn't get lost we
didn't get used in the last part so guys
there we go guys the end of my team of
the season pack openings all together
now that is the last pack opening I've
spent all my money
the team of seasons I've got will be on
your screen
out don't forget about um de bruyne do
we also packs as well but not a bad
result in the end lack a set is
outstanding
canes or a player the null those great
and of course the brain is like one of
the best players in the Bundesliga right
now so I'm so happy guys so last puck
opening we've got to get a line guys
please smash alike for two incredible
team of the seasons in one pack opening
guys if this doesn't deserve a like then
fucking tell me what those guys I don't
know anyway thanks so much for watching
if you have enjoyed then smash a like
comment some feedback if there's
anything you'd like to say any questions
you like to ask leave in the comments
down below if you are new then hit the
subscribe button for videos every other
day thank you so much for watching and I
will see you guys later peace out
