hey guys Morgan and today we have a Q&A
because we just hit 1k subs anyway let's
not waste time and get into the first
question and see what you guys have to
say how many courage can you breaking
off in a minute
what the fuck was that what are your
goals for YouTube obviously we just
broke my main goal of 1k subs so I guess
we're gonna have to sow selves and you
want to K subs by the end of the year is
my new goal that is gonna be tricky to
do but with you guys at support I think
we can get there
besides FIFA what are the games do you
enjoy GTA Call of Duty a little bit
minecraft sometimes on football manager
do you like chocolate chocolate
chocolate yes I do like it as you
probably guessed I don't know any people
that don't like it it's just nice what
influenced you to do YouTube when was
the worst day you have ever done when I
was younger I watched a lot of YouTube
videos that was like how I spent a lot
of my time so I guess other youtubers
influenced me to make a YouTube and
start doing it mainly ksi if I have to
say and then why is the worst day I have
ever done I mean when I was younger I
used to play dares a lot like in primary
and stuff and I guess the worst one I
ever done was like licking the floor or
something like that you know like
everyone used to play dads in primary
and there was always that one day go and
lick that window I'll go and lick that
pole I guess to something like that but
I can't really think of one off the top
of my head but yeah okay so I and all
the youtubes influenced me to make my
own and the worst there was something
like licking a pole or something like
that fingers the size of legs or legs
the size of fingers
I don't even fucking know if you had
fingers the size or legs she could like
walk around doing handstands but if you
had legs deciding the size of fingers
you you just wouldn't even have any legs
you just be a body so legs the size of
fingers I guess but the system I don't
know
Xbox one or ps4 have to go with Xbox one
on this one guys I do like ps4 though
but I do prefer Xbox one what advice do
you have a small youtubers so I was
thinking of making a video on this topic
but I will quickly sum it up now if you
don't see that video then leave a
comment but my main tip for small
youtubers is make friends yes go on to
some people's channels watch some of the
videos leave them some feedback and some
ways that can improve also tell them
what you like about the videos and then
what do you know they'll come over to
your channel and leave you some feedback
when I was small I went on to some
people's channels wash all all the
videos then left them some feedback and
they came over to mine it works both
ways it helps both of you out so my main
tip for small youtube that put yourself
out there and you know make some friends
Family Guy or Southpark Family Guy or
South Park I watch Bill for these I love
them both and I really can't pick which
one I like more so I guess the only way
to find out is to do a Family Guy quiz
and a South Park quiz online and see
which one a score most on so let's do it
bitches
okay so I've just done all the questions
and it's time to see how much I got 60%
on the family guy one day is absolutely
terrible okay guys so we have found a
South Park quiz with the exact same
number of questions and we are gonna do
it now okay so we have all the answers
to our quiz and we are gonna submit them
now
71% so that means that we like South
Park more than family yay yay
so that's it with the questions for this
Q&A if you have enjoyed then smack alike
let's try and get 40 likes on this video
leave a comment if you enjoyed the video
or you can tell me some ways to improve
and if you are new then be sure to
subscribe I upload every other day also
thank you guys so much for 1k subs when
I first started I never even thought I
would get 100 the fact that 1000 now
just blown my mind that's such a huge
number put 1000 people together in a
group and you know lies Aloha anyways
thank you so much watching and I will
see you guys later
peace out
