Pok opening episode 69 Morgan just got
back from Hernandez with the hashtag fum
he left early because it wasn't cheeky
enough after he returned home he slowly
and carefully pushed his fifa15 desk
into a sex box 100 he logged in to find
two new team of the seasons available in
parks then he saw the Blues lighter and
he knew what he had to do when the fog
was dead
hey guys Morgan and today we have
another FIFA 15 pack opening and we have
so many teams of seasons out today guys
we have La Liga we have the French
league and we have Syria and there's
some incredible plays in all of those
guys so the team of scenes at the moment
if you're going to get one it's going to
be now so we are 15k packs and I'm going
to crack straight into them guys I'm not
even going to bother showing you the
team the seasons because I'm gonna fail
if I look at them so we may sort of wait
and see if we can get one guys grant
already seen them then go check them out
the two more seasons
I mean it when I say this are proper
good at the moment anyway first pack and
with ourselves de Rossi which is a
decent start
I mean 84 8 in your first pack it's a
sign of stuff to come but you know could
be better doing those fat guys kind of
become a tradition to do a nose pack in
these videos you just gotta do one every
time now sometimes they work sometimes
they don't is this long gonna work no
we're gonna get Moya Moya
we just got beer Bundesliga ones and
we're getting trash or ass who is pretty
trash ha ha ha ha ha when the fog was
there dude never do a skip oh pretty bad
guys just free team the seasons out how
have we not even got one yet
come on skip no you give me a Lynch died
no here we go please oh God oh yes get
in we go on yes
we got Gaby adeney Gaby a Denis Gavi it
anyway gab yeah yeah Gaby a dilly that's
his name whoa he's gone he's gone decent
price range Bloods as I've said a lot
before I don't care about the price
range because I have pump straight into
my team and we I'm going midfielder yet
so outfits in really nicely guys get in
we got a deal buddy come on if I pick up
one player that I want it have to be
slaughtered
so please give me lots on now clear
small in
Oh
Cavani No Cavani the dododo how are we
getting no one boom oh hello
another j'ouvert player that hasn't got
one yeah hey we got to meet her
we got Wednesday player in a gold pack
get in get in the game that you can go
on the bench next to Pele because
everyone knows
oh no way oh why she made I was bad and
Pele anyway oh my god no we just got
boomerang oh he was team season last
week
oh my god who the hell cares for God's
sake and he's so expensive as well
that's absolutely straight as hell last
part now guys yep only the ones he was
using so far will this be the pack to
change it we're gonna have to wait a
while before we see because I'm doing a
little part guys oh god please please be
someone good just finish it off with a
nice blue 3 2 1 bang and we got Socko
guys girl
so there we go guys as usual we look at
the squad and today just the one
improvement unfortunately we got Gabi a
Danny who actually looks quite good now
I'm looking who starts 88 PS 84 shooting
80 physical and 80 dribbling Andi six
foot one looks not bad in my opinion I'd
also be interested to see how he plays
as a striker anyway guys thank you so
much watching this team of season park
opening I know I've been as good as
other episodes in terms of the actual
players and the pools but if you could
still leave a like that make them just
made my day
thanks so much watching if you are new
then please subscribe I upload every
other day thank you so much watching and
I'll see you later peace out
