more I think this videos to your boomers
as our slice this and now it's that
that's five people worth I have 75
pounds 16 a all for last month
I played for night inside a zorb ball
and I ended up having my best kill game
ever focus
so as you can tell guys whenever I play
for tonight inside a weird thing I play
better and today we're going to be doing
something never before so as you can see
guys here I have my xbox one and my
monitor I have a huge extension coming
all the way from the garage all the way
over to the Porta Potty the handy little
table right here and basically I'm gonna
put the table and the Xbox inside the
pack oh really mom oh my goodness you
scared me so guys now you know the plan
I'm sure you all realize how ridiculous
this video is going to be and if you're
new to the channel your first impression
must be very very weird of me yes guys I
am a bit of a weirdo well it's gonna be
fun and I want to get started so just
before we start guys I have a just one
question for you you yeah but why did I
put two fingers and I don't know look I
have just one one question for you you
guys are always asking me most
can i play fort night with you and I was
thinking about this and since I'm
terrible at the game it's about time I
get some help from one of you guys so
here's the plan I just dropped some
grand in you for tonight
inspired nerds if you don't know already
there's one of them obviously the Bush
life
the other eat sleep drop and basically
if you can't remove the humor CH you are
entered into a competition and the
winner of that competition will be
invited right here into the keyboard
house to spend the day with me play some
more and just chill hopefully you can
help me get better at the game because I
need it and as well as that guys I
wanted to give you all the chance to
enter this competition so the four night
merge is actually my cheapest merge ever
release onto the show the merge is so
epic that I don't even want to wear it
going into the toilet because it's too
damn hot guys the link is in the
description below go cut the merge and
you have the chance to play right here I
said okay boys and girls so as you can
see here we are in the portal ooh we've
got the toilet paper station over here
lots of hand sanitizer or bad but the
main thing you guys care about is I was
talking to that I was talking for is he
can talk oh yeah
but basically I'm just gonna hop into a
solo game and get this video started
I am literally so excited for this if we
do as well as we did inside this or
believe they call me the pawza potty
ninja today yeah I didn't know that okay
so my why we won there till tilted yeah
okay yo you know what let's go to filter
this is so I feel really really really
weird that like the screen is so far
away home do you think I know what else
in this games playing while inside a
portaloo know they might be played on
the loom but not in a portaloo they
don't even ever played in in a portaloo
I don't think I don't ever had I mean
why was that I never have okay can we
find a weapon okay we got a burst we've
got a green burst and we got a revolver
the someone else at the top of this
building mom I'm really scared
various report truck down and I didn't
think I was on it I was staying back cuz
everything I was on if I was actually
over there yeah you just completely
roasted me I'm just chewing
we caught this no absolutely not
guys the toilet paper is coming off I
think it was the toilet paper
not gonna lie guys the first game was a
little bit of a disaster but you know
how the for nightlife is eat sleep drop
repeat and we're bout to drop again baby
which link in description okay mom this
time I'm gonna go wailing woods
I'm changing my strategy a little bit
you know what wailing Woods is now
basically like the worst place in the
game oh my gosh mom is like for the
people go to wailing woods I'm so scared
oh my god chest straightaway we got a
fat shield and the literally papa right
now Morgan it's very weird looking at
you from a distance
whoa II never seen someone play inside a
poor boy before it just looks very weird
I do this all the time I'm part of the
pool party for nightclub I'll get shot
gunshot I've got a high vantage Oh kill
baby let's go we're gonna kill guys I
just gonna kill you know what every
single kill I got I think is good like
that's an achievement I don't think I
don't know this has never done this
before and if they have why I don't know
why I'm doing this like one else on the
tube is it's raining what I was reading
watch is raining well lucky for me I'm
sheltered inside my pool boy
are you getting the radon yeah yeah guys
I've got a shelter on mom I think these
videos to a job every disaster eyes okay
we've got the new set up mom is
literally holding an umbrella and the
rain is coming down hard for you guys
know the grind never start quite warm no
it's a bush bomb I'm in the bush Oh
oh dear it's like bad Bush life I do
Morgan I'm doing okay mom I'm just kind
of scared because the rain is literally
pouring down and I don't want my xbox to
break
Jeepers Creepers storm guys this was not
part of the plan
I did not think the rain was gonna call
but you know what guys you know the four
night grind we keep going we're gonna
get some more kills okay we head into
tomorrow town now guys there's only 29
people left already and you know what
the rain is still pouring down but I
ain't gonna stop you boy mogs if the
reason I called Tamar to town yes oh
he's building it's a build-off is to
build off I got this guy I got this guy
I got this guy I got this guy I know
he's got the high ground he's got on his
Tower where'd he go where'd he go
where'd he go I see him I say 61
building
makes me feel like going camping guys
one more thing just before we jump into
the final game in Kavanagh dented my
xbox one ps4 and V books giveaway there
is still time to enter guys but the
giveaway is almost over the link is in
the description bar all you have to do
to enter guys is leave a like on the
video and subscribe to the channel so
make sure you've done both of those big
mall I'm heading all the way into salty
springs what do you think about that
decision I think it's a very good
decision you think it's a good decision
yeah very good
actually hold on I'm a sewer bow to this
mountain a thing and try and grab this
chest on the top Oh got it
oh that's no one else it he got the
weapon these are my friend he got the
weapon he'll the weapon some guy to my
chest I'm gonna deliver I'm gonna
everybody this is how intense this is
any chance I've got you good answer
you know I'm gonna go to Sully Springs I
should have just gone there in the star
let me throw some grenades even get some
Carol's stray oh I can't get up the rock
guys this is so intense I don't have a
weapon and we've been playing for
literally two minutes I need to get up
and get a weapon okay we've got a we've
got a big shield oh okay I'll go to
weapon I've got a revolver guys this
it's so it's a missile encouragement
mama Morgan
I'm getting what just a reason get
killed I mean there is no way no reason
well oh gosh guys coming down harder
than ever
we're playing Fargo right now inside the
pods upon the scientists all look at
this guys we did not think this was
gonna happen
it's a legitimate storm there's water
coming down everywhere mom just they we
should stop yes yes for there's no
stopping the four night drive oh okay
okay okay okay we gotta cross bow I
literally have no words for what is
happening right now this is utterly
ridiculous I can't believe I'm actually
doing this oh my gosh mom emergencies
I'm so scared I'm gonna get like too
cute oh shit guys the Xbox could just
break like literally this is a risk
we're willing to take you off an already
smash to like smash alive because we all
play all right stop guys this really is
backfiring I don't know what I was going
on but I see someone in the distance
hold on is that someone I don't think it
is hold on for so long guys okay okay I
see someone I see someone I see someone
oh he just died he just he lead you just
dies where is the guy they killed him
out oh my god I don't know where he is
mom but he shoot at me
really mom yeah I literally have no idea
where this guy is and I've got head in
his direction to get back in the store
oh my gosh okay here's literally I don't
know where he is I'm just going to build
I assume I see myself saying this is in
fact this is intensive he just died oh
we said oh he's got me I think oh good
oh my god you're so rubbish even the
toilet didn't bring any look Oh more
good one more yeah one born Wow guys oh
we're on the malls channel rule about
danger rule about battles and war there
in the Moors channel we're currently
battling the storm and playing for dying
are you guys enjoying that it's actually
really good yeah so Morgan is this gonna
be your best one yet it's gotta be so
we've got two kills this game we got in
a storm oh great now rain is played so
right now it's time we got some flippin
kills
go for it I'm going to my home the place
that I live at shifty shot okay has
anyone followed me digit yep oh my god
is a pistol that's not good oh my god
what's that then oh it's just a gold
pistol
that's more than this one I'm gonna take
this one they're mindful uh have you
just been killed Morgan no oh sorry yeah
I'm just gonna let's take a little break
but I'm in Kerala furiously after you
have no you have well you have that was
roommate no haven't you know what guys
you won't have to do this but I'm just
gonna go for a quick toilet bit can I
have some privacy please
yes any month later okay I'm done I'm
done
we didn't love before okay boys and
girls I'm not fooling around anymore
this is it no more jobs no more fooling
about the last game was a joke the game
before that was another joke the first
game was a joke this game no joking
fortnight
I'm not religiously combination
fortnight anyway boys and girls
no more games anymore no more jokes
screw the toilet roll I've came to enoki
acres because I'm about to cause some
anarchy to these sort of stupid players
they've got nothing on me I'm the logs
are you ready mom oh yeah oh yeah yeah
I'm ready to see you get killed again
okay I'm gonna get killed
okay Morgan another chest oh that's a
trap I'll take that Oh blue Pokemon if
you know me you'll know that is my
weapon right there yep my the focus
level is on right now mom can you tell
you've come very quiet I have indeed mom
because you know they call me the silent
assassin
I never heard anybody call you that
that's right
me feeling confident Morgan confidence
is running through my veins right now
you know you lose again and you start
crying you can use that toilet paper
instead of tissues
we got some ready OSE someone see
someone kind of get it from here I don't
think I can
chef Choi that means building he's
building ah oh my God he's buddy
building some massive structure where
this geezer yeah by having a mess with
her own guy over on East I've been made
more mess with the wrong guy oh that's
another hat that's 46 on it more my big
solid four digits I'm in a rush you know
down illusion
don't don't go that's when you get awful
wonder over over the 24 wonder was above
me yet the high ground
I had no materials how about just don't
not know honestly I was just ready to
literally give up
I had no materials whatsoever I can't
even get up to his tower to take his
stuff because I don't even have any
weapons to do so my lord you know I told
her I was a silent assassin
I was pretty long oh hold on an ISIL
structure over here all we need is a
shield and with backroll and mom all
know it's been looted someone's already
been born yeah 75 health means one pump
to the face and I'm literally dead done
Wow
but we can go inside oh gosh now that's
her
that's the one based on by someone that
is a human being that is a a fortnight's
person no oh my gosh I'm getting salt
from two angles i i'm putting major
trucks out there boys and girls you only
get one chance at lives any contact on
me and i'm literally there Oh Billy to
me obviously I've done it come on look
I'm wrong and then big long legs roll in
I can't believe I'm saying this I think
I'm safe you're joking I'm not
oh no that's amazing I'm gonna mount on
for health right now I can literally die
by fall damage there's nothing I can do
about and yeah this your longest game do
you think you know I think more yeah I
think I'm gonna die I did seconds I see
people everywhere but I can't do
anything you know I'm all about going
into battles with the disadvantage oh I
don't think I could deal with or health
guys I think I said oh my god the stop
of the fall there's a truck right there
just more bandages what do we do get
them I'm using them now oh my god hope I
can get 275 pounds it's not much but
it's okay it's it it's possible do it do
it
49 I think you could actually do this
they lose giving you look long oh my
gosh that's it I've got 75 health ok ok
ok ok
um strategy right now run a lot of do it
we're literally in the most open part of
the map and everything has been looted
so my only option to get Lou is to kill
someone
there's 8 players left
included home yeah my last gasp ahead to
salty springs see if I can pick oh gosh
I was gonna say go to salty springs if
it near least I want to see someone he's
already there sure try and kill him
yeah oh my god mum's always for other
people left how am I in the top boy this
is oh my god this house hasn't been
looted the damn house hasn't been looted
she'll please anything anything has
please anything
no there's nothing okay I need to
evacuate okay still five people left oh
my god mom I'm lost I think I'm just
chilling out right now there's five
people left I have 75 pounds 16a all
boys this still it's not really bad and
you can't get under me I've just been
extremely we'll okay so on top a shy
girl friend a drone a drone dad dad
did you go from or did you run away from
and I said wrong really forever guys I
don't even know what to say that was the
most weird game of thought I ever
overall in the video we got like four
kills all sort of it I don't know it
wasn't great but at least we got killed
we got killed inside a part of four it's
not a polar point it's not
oh yeah guys one more time if you
haven't already subscribed I'm bringing
you the way this goes crazy your video
is all of YouTube no one else is I hope
I thought I inside porta potties so get
out there smash that subscribe because
it is live I'm also guys cop the new
fortnight bitch for a chance to cook
round to my house and play for knife
with me spend the day with me and we can
play duo's we can play solos we can play
whatever you want all you have to do is
cop some of the new merch link in the
description and you will be entered into
a competition for absolutely free guys
thank your tone for watching and as
always I'd be mold you guys can also
find after you in my next video peace ah
