I didn't raise them to be like this the
cash tail
I'm only 16 years old ready
the youngest like salute a 19 years old
and already flexing dammit
Wow looks like I'm not the youngest
lecture in the world let's take a look
at this so it stings my attention reason
is that a lot of kids are flexing and
obviously being the humble youtuber i am
i've never --flex ever Mogan you flex
all the time mom why would I need to
fight my clothes
I'm already wrapping a heist merch on
youtube link in the description anyway
mom if you thought my flexing was bad
you will not believe the kids that I'm
about to show you is it worse than yours
it's worse than me Wow God man let's do
it guys if you're new here and you
haven't already entered my Xbox one and
ps4 giveaway Bay Bay then the link is
down there in the description down below
all you have to do is subscribe to the
channel and smash a like on this video
mom
they hate your last like goals so you
need to sum over 28,000 28 you know what
29,029 and
thousand twenty nine guys I don't know
what hell's going on let's get into the
first kid she goes by the name of Little
J okay let's play I'm ready
whoa that's nothing on me when I was a
year old I was balling in the car and I
was good in math wings and I was on the
bonnet she's copying off me you know
what today we see the birth of the
oldest flakes forever she's 54 years old
she saw a blue Range Rover 54 years old
and I can cook better than you and I can
clean better than you I'm the biggest
flexor that there is ok moving on next
video
hey little ty you got nothing on me I
don't even have friends I leave my son
Andy doesn't have Ren with flexing howdy
and you Toki sync all the times when my
son candle in the poopoo toilet so take
that Annie doesn't even pay rent to use
the toilet hey I don't even need to be
verified on YouTube because I own
YouTube and 54 years old and I'm the
biggest flexor I was flexing before you
were even born and I'm 54 and it's your
mind
I wouldn't even even Lane
pop out of me nice Jesus I've never seen
this side of her before so mom that was
little Tay
what's your opinion on her I ain't
bothered about little Tay she's got
nothing on me and fifty four-year-old
and I'm the biggest flexor there is so
recently two girls had a fire and little
take was involved the two girls are
called whoa Vickie and Danielle Drago
Lee I'm 54
I'll get the goalie so that's done the
Opera goalie that's what Vicki why don't
you think about them they're small
they're little people the skinny little
things they want a will time
oh this is real yeah
will taste crying you can't say that one
mile away so what do you what do you
think I I think nothing they mean
nothing to me the oldest flexor out
there I'm not worried by them I make
more than their I must son makes more
than them we're just flexing them three
that Danielle roogie little toenail
nothing cuz we're just flexors you want
to do this they just black you know what
mom series you say you are the biggest
bike sir of all time yeah I think I can
show you some people that are bigger
flexors than you I don't think so
this guy ran out of tissues so he put in
their $20 bills it's all I put a hundred
in I'm the biggest flexor please hold on
hold on this guy goes to school in a
private jet when I went to school I went
in a big big yacht not a little peepee
Jets
The Jerusalem on my yacht to bring the
teacher so they could teach me on the
yard
mom hold on a sec this guy has three
different iPhones just too much his
outfit
they made the course for me why should i
press buttons and talk on my own when
someone can do it for me because I'm the
biggest flexor okay this guy has a pool
in his own house
how can you beat that in his own house I
think five houses American six thousands
and not pulled it all of them kind of
pool
just a weird cuz I'm the biggest flexor
okay okay mom I found one which will
definitely be you this guy you've got a
new Lamborghini because it was rained
okay mom this is my last attempt if this
one isn't good enough then I'll admit it
you're the biggest flake sir this guy
has ran out of places to put his Gucci
boxes because he has so many watches
yeah what guys I'm bored now these guys
can't fly a duplexer I don't have
drawers for my Gucci box guys we got a
friend sir I actually brought a bill
where to stay
see they fit in the world I like world
so I bought the world you know what guys
because I like him I bought him and I
bought the village because
these are solid gold solid gold solid
silver silver now the biggest black sir
see you see this t-shirt just gonna move
coming by this and you know all these
bank to Palm I'm on in I don't need to
my mom I see this gate silver plated I
don't even need to get in my house or
gate there like sir I like I got dogs
pedigree dogs and made of gold that gold
blaze it inside see this dog this is the
flexors dog he's made out of gold solid
gold is T its teeth a gold plated and
he's got diamonds around his eyes maybe
look in his ears he's got crystals in
his ears because in that practice dog
see this this is when the peasants come
round this is when me and Morgan up a
drink the drink out of a bottle because
we're flexors we don't use see these
bananas I haven't flown in this morning
just for me a jack roll these bananas
because that flexes bananas look at that
boy is a plexus do you see stuff he's
made out of diamonds oh you see this
this is a flex - sorry I have these
orange especially made for me big
oranges for a big flexor you see this I
wanted a house
and I thought I was a flexor well guys I
don't know all that will happen in this
video but I guess a new side of mum was
shown everybody go down there and
comment hashtag black smoke if you've
watched all the way until the end of the
video I want more thing guys it's been a
while since I dropped some new merch so
tomorrow Wednesday 6 p.m. I'm gonna be
dropping my new fortnight search by take
a look at that take a look at that and
this is gonna be my cheapest merch ever
guys not only is it gonna be my cheapest
much ever but one of you guys the cops
the new merch I'm gonna literally invite
you here who are house to spend the day
with us and also of course play some for
my with me guys that's 6 p.m. tomorrow
go and beg your parents they need to get
you this merch because only is it
absolutely awesome only is it the
cheapest merch ever boy if you copied
you could play for night with me and
come round to my house for the day
nice tangles thanks for watching and as
always I've involved you've been awesome
and I'll see you in my next video peace
out
morgues are you actually releasing some
new merch tomorrow oh because I'm really
poor I'm not really a flexor can I just
can I just
it's over and I'm having that for food I
thought you were I thought you were
flexing I spent all my money trying to
flex Morgan just lend me this if I let
me have it unpause fired
