guys here we go
yo guys a small Peloponnese crazy videos
go around the tin foil balls which like
super hard and shiny and loaded you've
been asking me to make war bots to be
completely honest with you guys I don't
think that's a hard enough challenge
instead of just making a normal - I need
to say fight in the water normal tempo
ball video you're in for a treat because
a crazy one and if you are new here you
obviously don't know that I'm currently
on the road to 4 million subscribers
just hit me million and now we're on the
road to 4 million so you could subscribe
down below that would be absolutely
amazing and by subscribing to the
channel you enter yourself into an x-box
and PS or giveaway but mom yeah Marty
yeah what do you say we get started
let's do it let's do it ok so the
strategy going into this I've washed a
few of the videos I am a better
professional I'm joking I'm definitely
not however the way people seem to be
doing it is you just have to hover as
you go along but obviously I'm not gonna
be making a small ball I'm gonna be
making a huge one really worried
does one of those using a homo you needs
to be saved when you hold another the
first thing I'm gonna do is make the
call now the core is the most important
it has to be super super hard with a
hammer you know what guys this is my
core it's a pretty bad a turf we're
gonna be making the biggest one ever
okay so basically one thing I have heard
about these videos guys is that they
take a lot of time the ball is already
huge and yet this guy we're still all
over the birds to roll we have literally
got like 50 rolls this thing it's gonna
be like the size of the flipping house
you might not even be able to get it
rolling away okay okay boys and girls
we've just finished the first layer of
tinfoil right now it's about the size of
a football so what bad thing you do then
play a game of football with it
I store this know that you have to leave
a like on the video
okay I'll show you how it's done
guys not even a tinfoil ball commitment
about your football let's go get the
next letter song six and a half hours
late
Oh guys 30 minutes later I have just
been working on this thing
non-stop I've been working so hard
Morgan you've just come down from your
bedroom in Milan have done that
how many rails of tinfoil that we're
done but still I'm here now so you know
it's a supermarket Morgan ball the
tinfoil I just need your attention
everybody look this way I'm gonna put an
old switcheroo
you know that I'm talking about
clickbait clickbait you know that it
really ain't nothing new
I'm gonna put a dope image on the video
to raise up the views you can say that
I'm lying you can say that I'm tripping
but I just need you to click it I called
a good business I know you wanna come
see this I make it very intriguing when
I start my videos like you won't
leaders
you've got to do the ball guys let's go
oh my gosh guys if you want to
experience yourself is also open if you
oh my gosh no this is like building a
snowman
the biggest
we're gonna put those different things
and see if we can destroy them but
should we go
yeah kara oh hold on hold on hold on
yeah like our language and it's like
it's how I still move guys okay
experiment time we're gonna start this
with a pie and we're gonna see how the
world's largest import all goes up
against open table
I think it broken my table football
don't you begin any food for a while
yeah he probably got a good point
how come this ball can break the table
oh my yo I do love a good pair mango
from the table mm-hmm I think it's clear
that no foo can withstand the power of
the ball so what could we destroy next
day - what a wonderful day today I saw
everyone drops the world's largest
temple a ball on my head okay boys and
girls we're on the roof right now and as
you can tell we have the giant for
we're gonna test out the power of the
ball from
our first victim is this innocent man
see what you feel me yeah
the cardboard box was no match for the
giant tin foil ball that's a cardboard
box I wonder what would happen if we put
the ball up against a wooden table a few
moments later do I even have to say what
about half the guys we found another
table it's brand-new it's nice
the moon wall and I'm about to take my
ball and smash it to bits
oh you buck again
doubt it you can have a go if you want
got prettier blue guys Sonia as you can
tell the pitfall ball is basically
indestructible going down below if you
want me to do a nother video with the
ball maybe I couldn't open maybe I
actually try and destroy the ball
instead of destroying things wave the
ball all I know guys is that that ball
is going to be tricky to destroy guys
thank y'all so much for watching if you
never remember to go down there smash
that subscribe bye i'm also enter the
fortnight giveaway link is in the
description below and come meet me
tomorrow and on Sunday at my problem
shot in Medawar and also check out these
clips from when I went to the
supermarket and bought all the temple
because the absolutely hilarious okay
guys we found the strong foil and mum do
you think maybe it maybe one or maybe
should we get like she'll get to get two
two two two
okay or should we get another one yeah
welcome what are you doing oh okay I
understand I haven't got enough okay
one of these
