while my V works and was just gone on
someone's obviously reset either resets
it off in hats has ever been hot so
what's top of it
I want the explosion but though these
are out the window he's coming out the
window isn't it
what you cookin Oh funny you ask why
don't you take a look guys I was just
cooking and I'm ready to go now in this
video of course I'm going to be playing
some for tonight but right now I'm gonna
go to the gym and make my massive arms
even bigger sorry didn't mean to
interrupt this vlog I don't think that
you mind that much though because that
means that's Morgan who likes Morgan but
pretty much more he's just gone upstairs
to get ready for the gym I hope you
can't hear me this house is pretty big
usually I can't hear it when he's
scheming and putting pants on me but
whatever you may have seen in a previous
video of Morgan's that he spent like a
thousand pounds on his dad I'm also his
mom's credit card or VBox in fortnight
and that made them really angry so I was
thinking you know what justice for
Darren justice for Jill I'm gonna avenge
them and delete his account with all of
his beefed-up from all of his skins in
all of his levels and his dear Irwin's
um he's quite stupid so I don't think
he'll realize that this is a prank
pretty much I'm not really sure how I'm
gonna do this yeah but I thought yeah
why don't I just make like another
account and then like tell him I've
deleted his account
um he's probably gonna be super angry at
me and it's gonna be really funny I
don't even have anything like VBox to
give him or anything is like her
redeeming quality after this so he's
just gonna be straight-up angry with me
I don't even know if I'll leave us in
the video this could be fun and
interesting okay goodbye
guys I know us most we go to the gym by
just got really distracted oh my
goodness guys we are so so close to
three million subscribers literally we
are like 30,000 away at the time I'm
filming this video
I know I say this a lot but this time I
really mean it if you're new here and
you'll already subscribe please go down
there and smash that subscribe button
guys you watching this right now could
be the difference between me hitting 3
million subscribers so if you haven't
already done that please go down there
and subscribe and also guys if you
subscribe to the channel you'll be
automatically entered into an Xbox and
ps4 giveaway how cool is that bro
anyway right now I'm off to the gym so
let's go
ok so we've just arrived at the gym
it's workout time baby in five minutes
later I need to play for 9 girl boys a
girl we just came in to Sainsbury's
because basically I wanted to just get a
sandwich but Kara said let me try and
cook you some food and Kara has
literally never cooked anything for me
as far as I'm aware she doesn't even
know how to cook so Kara I'm gonna trust
you it looks like it's your time to
shine this is gonna be awful
Walker nur yo they were just for my
little sister
okay so we've just arrived back when
Kara is preparing my meal guys if Kara
blows the house off and I die that means
that this is now my last words guys top
the merge get me two premium subscribers
I love you all please okay so the
surprise called first impressions it
just smells like his bird dog eyes wish
me luck
okay I'm it's not good guys hi I'm back
it's me again
okay so Morgan's just told me that he's
gonna go with him for a night video
right now which is kind of with because
I didn't even know he was filming for a
video I just thought he was kind of
playing it anyway
that's perfect because that means
everything's already in for tonight it's
already there so what I'm gonna do is
I'm just gonna sit here I'm just gonna
chill and I'm just gonna wait for him to
finish playing for tonight and then when
he's done I'm gonna sneak in and I'm
gonna get Jill to distract him and then
I'm gonna try and make like a fresh
account on his xbox and try and get like
you similar name to the one that he has
so that he doesn't notice he's quite
stupid so he probably won't notice then
I'm gonna begin the prank I don't know
if it's gonna fall for this he might
it's gonna be interesting
I'm a pro at 4/9 it hasn't always been
this way okay I used to be a bit
new ever since I got 12 kills while
inside azure ball the new era has formed
boys and girls this is serious this is
the rise of moms
unlike the Dark Knight rising from noob
nurse and now it's time that I continue
my legacy and finally get my first win
on fortnight ok boys and girls you know
there's only one place I'm going and
it's called tilted towers is where the
action goes down it's where the big boys
go ok here we go boys and girls straight
down into tilted okay boys and girls I
have a question for you guys as I sail
down into Tilton's what I wanna know for
you guys is what is your favorite skin
in fortnight Battle Royale
personally I like this one here the
black astronaut is what I feel most
confident using ok here we go here we go
it's absolute carnage around here ok
well if we go off we got come on come on
come on come on we need a better shotgun
we need a better shotgun baby oh oh yes
I do love me a good old green pump the
green pump makes my world go round ok
that's what makes the globe spin in morg
his world seems like everybody that was
in that building has already died so I'm
just gonna go Hill another building
obviously I'm always jumping so if
there's a sniper on me they can't get me
bro you've got to always treat it as if
there's someone with a sniper ready to
blow your head off
I see him oh let's go sit down baby
you're in the big-boy world now there's
no space for kids round here
wait I've got two kills does that mean
my truck killed someone
boys and girls my trap just killed
someone I literally play that down like
two seconds ago that's two kills already
don't mess with me
Oh God ok ok calm down buddy calm down
bingo
that's what you call an accuracy Shaw
okay baby but right there is class
composer who your mind buddy you're mine
ah come on come out bend that wooden
barrier I got this guy he's mine he's
mine
Wow okay yo you're RPGs all citizens
needs well I'm a mountain that right
there is hacks hacks you can't go
anywhere and for night these days
without hackers he clearly had aimed on
boys and girls for kills one shotgun
headshot two crossed them up beautiful
shots one strategic tactical trap kill
and then unfortunately add were about to
win the game aimbot hack okay looks like
we still haven't got our first win on
fortnight but hopefully the next video I
will prevail
morgues ow so Morgan has stopped
screaming now and he screams on he plays
so I think he might be finished so I'm
just gonna camp out by the door and wait
for him to leave I don't think he'll
notice I hope he doesn't anyway okay
let's go this is five minutes later
okay so it's just down the stairs okay
so I'm in his room his xbox is here I've
literally got like a couple of minutes
depending on how long y'all can distract
him for to get on his xbox create a new
account with a similar thing that he's
gonna trick him and I don't even know if
I'm gonna be able to find one and then
get fortnight or up and then get out in
the space of a couple of minutes I'm
nervous I don't know if I'm gonna be
able to do this but whatever I'll be
back in a few minutes to show you my
progress again let's go we've got a
couple of options up here but the
problem is his xbox gamertag was taken
I'm not really sure why anyone would
want that but there you go it was taken
so I've had to go with his PlayStation
name which wasn't taking on here
hopefully he won't notice cuz he used
his PlayStation quite a lot you know
before he kind of fell on the floor and
broke it um but yeah hopefully he
doesn't notice that so i'ma just press
Continue what bus is that I think it's
that one
um I guess I just have to wait now he's
gonna be angry too
I'm really sorry yours was not really
filling it was it was like it wasn't
like bad it just no so much I just felt
like I was the end a forest
yo what's happened
where are my V books and what's going on
so might this is my Xbox account look
got my everything look this is my
account this is my fault my account what
look at my V ball this not any is zero
I had like 50,000 in there it's a fresh
for my account this is garbage oh you
put upstairs while me and moving
downstairs so what have you done you've
obviously done it oh yeah yeah what
video someone's obviously reset either
resets it or deleted it wait maybe or
good hats have you ever been hurt we do
show you why would you hurt a foreigner
at home you won't blame everything on me
why are you filming this I'm not why are
you filming this
you just know I didn't know I know I
know I'm certain I didn't yes you did we
obviously don't know much anymore since
you like it's the most your holy cow I
didn't leave that recording you're doing
this aren't you get this come out of my
face so what's happening I want an
explanation right now so let's narrow
down the possibilities here I've never
seen anybody be hacked in for knife I've
never cheated or anything like that I
mean I always haven't you haven't got
win so I don't know why for I would have
resented it so the only possible
explanation is you have gone to my
account and deleted it I don't know how
to do that well don't smash things again
oh I'm not gonna smash my things
oh please I'm sorry PlayStation
PlayStation oh well they will happened
you've got five seconds nothing
that's your screen that's your screen
why do I have no friends on my account
would you be watching our friends no you
don't you know what maybe the people
were epic games just weren't happy with
your bad playing well I think I think
what's actually happened here is you've
just tried to prank me I think you're
just bad before tonight no oh my god
exactly what I thought Morgan I told you
it was just a glitch it was just getting
out so you're saying that was a glitch
yeah well then how come there's two
accounts on my xbox
so what's happened here is basically
you've just been playing around with me
on my own video well this is more than a
prank to me this is humiliation this
isn't just a prank
you've sabotage my name made me look
like a fool you didn't get rid of my V
books but what you did get rid of is
pride and pride it's a lot more
important than V box I think you have
anger issues I think there's a big prank
coming your way very soon gonna do
delete my V box
comment down below what pranks I should
do on Cara it doesn't have to be about
for tonight it can be as harsh as
possible the paint that will humiliate
her oh yeah because the laxative prank
wasn't enough yeah I want suggestions
even worse than the last if prank
what you gonna do tell me you're
pregnant though watch your mouth yeah oh
yeah that's ridiculous I'm out by Morgie
go get the TV off the roof okay guys so
that brings this prank to an end um
Morgan wasn't happy about that we've
learnt two things today one can someone
please recommend some really good anger
management classes for Morgan so he
doesn't from TVs out of windows
anymore and to don't mess with his new
books even though people all of them on
his parents credit cards and what would
Morgan toted it yeah he tell you to
subscribe because he's on the road to 3
million subscribers leave a like and
leave a comment and also by his merch or
something like that
I've been Kara you guys have been
awesome
peace out a coverage
