and today I'm back bringing new
available binder today
so yeah in this video I'm going to be
spending as long as I can in a zorb all
up on my roof to play for guys to do
this challenge I think I've got a burner
what do you think do you want to go in
the zohr ball
definitely
oh my gosh guys I've just came into the
merge room to cool down a little bit I
have just literally trashed my entire
living room so you've leave boat mate
you've crashed into me it's been
absolute carnage so far we need to take
outside today when you're watching this
it is Friday and the limited edition
merch guys goes off sale on Saturday
tomorrow if you're watching this on
Friday and you haven't already caught
some of the merch guys there's still
time but not for long guys the link is
in the description below
oh you can just give it to w-w-w-whoa
stop oh yeah
pull go yeah cheers bro we know you want
the merch calm down and also guys more
exciting news as you know guys I'm doing
a meet-up on Monday in Leeds and just
like the merge this is literally your
last chance to get figures to come meet
me I'm gonna be signing your shirt
shouting out your channels and I want to
see all three mug that you haven't
already got you tickets again the link
is in the description
but mum what you say we go outside and
cause some carnage in the zorb or a few
moments later
mom yeah this is what I like to call I
give you the dog just to point out boys
and girls no animals were harmed in the
making of this video okay so the doggies
didn't really like it but over here at
the saw ball laboratory dr. morgg's has
found his next victim
what mom doesn't know is she's locked in
there now
woman down bullet down
okay it's been great mom I'll see you
later
oh gosh no no twelve seconds later
hey Kyra hey Kyra wait what you doing oh
yeah I was just stroking it's nice good
boy and anyway carob have you seen
Morgan anywhere
no actually last time I saw him he said
he was going for a roll I don't know
like bread maybe the bakery oh that's
kind of weird anomaly sends me to the
sandwich shop
okay boom yeah I don't think Eastern
yeah I just need your attention
everybody look this way I'm gonna put an
old switcheroo you know that I'm talking
about clickbait clickbait you know that
it really ain't nothing new I'm gonna
put a dope image on the video to raise
up the views you can say that I'm lying
you could say that I'm tripping but I
just need you to click it I caught a
good business I know you wanna come see
this I make it very intriguing when I
start my videos like you won't believe
this eight six hours later from the gym
obviously been getting them games look
at the size of the muscles right now and
also he didn't believe me check out
these ABS anyway boys and girls it's
time we crack on wave some made of a
okay so as you can see we have a monitor
and a Playstation with doctor morgues is
back and instead of putting a dog in the
zohr ball I am going to make a gaming
settle and play fort night inside Azure
ball why because why not
shoot
and that washing machine Morgan
what was that washing machine to wash
any clothes well she's clean
zorp balls in this game yeah you look
like you are no homos
yeah you need oxygen
really we're gonna get you out of that
we don't free kill while inside a bull
and see how to play right now
on the PlayStation is not a move into my
xbox on PlayStation I want some people
the description below you should talk to
the camera one more you're gonna run out
of Vienna you just a nice sign a big
ball well that's what you are again it's
in the lounge with a leaf blower next
year
no don't you so go years old you know
laws anymore years old
College
absolutely incredible you never played
is good never play all the dogs are
walking fast you did absolutely
incredible
okay you can do it jungkook come on you
can do it please
you start starting to steam up inside
focus
I know you never you never know any
Monty yeah this is like seven in seven
is incredible okay yes it means you're
gonna run out a room and you're gonna
get killed unless you move to a new area
the area that you're in gets smaller and
smaller so you have to move to a new
area go go for it
yes steaming up skinny mounts oh well
hey I'll see in the morning but now boys
and girls oh I have just been outside
get some fresh air
and my goodness guys it was flippin
polluted inside that thing was but you
know what it was polluted with more
kills because I got 11 kills overall and
I think it was eight in one game not
only is that absolutely amazing because
I was inside a polluted and zorb ball
but I was actually my highest kill
record and I was still close to winning
guys that was literally the best I have
ever played and I've got even joking
maybe I should have plain sides or balls
more often God has indeed enjoyed this
video remember to subscribe to the
channel and enter the PlayStation Xbox
and 25000 ebooks giveaway the link is in
the description below also guys two
things happening really really soon the
merch is going off sale tomorrow the red
merch see how the club's all this is the
last chance you will have and also I'm
doing my metal on Monday and yeah guys
this still space with only a few tickets
left the way you bought them guys is by
the link in the description below you
have to call up jump and you can book
them there but there's not many left
guys so call and see if you made it in
time thanks also for watching and as
always involved you guys it all tonight
