I love you can tell by the title it is
one kill equals 10,000 boys and girls I
have got a treat for you guys today
right now my dad is on his way around
here because I've told him we're filming
a fortnight videos together but why
didn't tell him is what video we are
filming allows you to tell by the title
engines one kill equals 10,000 people
and not only is it that but it is on his
card baby this is insane what's right on
end guys because no doubt this video is
gonna be insane guys what we waited for
in my house got a few things I need to
tell you about so really excited thing
the first thing guys the red hoodies
backpacks and patients have been selling
like crazy this he goes on sale this
Saturday guys so if you haven't already
picked up one of these hoodies one of
the bats is one of the t-shirts or if
you want to be crazy all three of them
the link is in the description below and
the craziest thing guys is that I am
doing another meter and this time it is
at the top trampoline park in Leeds I
did one in Sheffield and it was so much
fun so I'm coming to Leeds and I'm ready
to me all of you sign your merch get
photo shout out your channels it's gonna
be so much fun and guys the better news
is that it is next Monday guys that is
in like 6 days but the tickets are
selling really really fast if you
haven't got your tickets the link to
those is in the description below as
well ok
God just arrived let's go say hi Tony
bothered to know you what is your name
who are you to me Arthur
unfortunately what are we going to be
doing today filming a video we're gonna
be playing die you're gonna watch me
today and it's gonna be a lot of fun are
you ready yak are you excited screaming
yep blows okay guys so dad's downstairs
just getting ready for the video he
obviously doesn't have a clue what we're
doing in the video he just thinks we're
playing fort night together so I'm gonna
hop into a game right now with him and
obviously i'ma try and get as many kills
as I can and his bank details are
actually stored on my console so right
at the end I'll obviously purchase the
points depending on how many kills I
gets on his card and then obviously he
will freak out
guys this is gonna be epic okay so we're
all in position right now are we done
but you know what Dad I think I've got
something that might interest you
what's that bro have you heard about my
Xbox one and ps4 giveaway yes I have
we'll have you entered know what maybe
you should enter guys if you wanna win a
Playstation 4 and an Xbox one I'm giving
them both away right now there's a link
in the description which will take you
to a website where you have to do small
tasks to earn points and then the more
poor job the more chance you have to win
does that make sense
perfect two of the things you have to do
guys to be entered is to smash a like on
this video and subscribe to the channel
so if you're not already doing both
those things do them now that's right
okay so on the bar bus right now to
spice up a little bit dad paint
somewhere on the map and that's where
I'm gonna go literally anywhere anywhere
salty spring salty springs yo you know
what boys and girls we're gonna salt its
Britain's there we go you know what I
don't go solid Springs very often so
it's gonna be interesting
okay we've got a chest see see okay Oh
boys and girls let's go
we've got selves ask our dad that's one
of the best ones in the game
what's the scar hey so it's a good look
it's this let's just see it whoa someone
that I missed I missed I missed your
song should I get a punch for you oh oh
baby nice is that hell that's kill
number one however I'm on 30 and help
right now did you see oh the stairs will
be waiting for you oh well this someone
that you said oh yeah yeah
puffing up okay daddy daddy died who
killed him someone else killed him oh no
no no no nope nope okay bro you built
them are you dead
but I died I was awful Chavez lame yes
you can't do any worse
okay we're in the barbers right now
ready to get some kills cuz obviously
I'm the best dad I've just got one
question for you bro
how's your day going only joking I don't
care my real question is where am I
going I'm gonna let you pick right you
can't go too salty Springs salty Springs
yo you know what I like the choice no
obviously dad as you know I'm a pro at
this game but I don't know that but I am
you don't appear to be a pro from the
footage I wish I'm a pro okay okay well
I'll set your kill target over to ten
yeah
- he'll - yeah show me them yeah the man
guys two kills is my target for this
game okay I came to the slaughterhouse
this is a little bit out the way bro but
there's a tender to campaign okay okay
wait wait wait wait you see sight guys
see that guy see that guy where these
dogs heading into up the factory that I
go for okay
think you mind my friend dad I know his
ID
okay hold on
although Jewish
there we go baby
there oh come on oh I got hit 6040 hip
64 you hit them yep he did neither did I
you did I hit him down there or did you
get for that or nothing I need to try
and finish him go video that I must've
run off I think that I think I've
arrived but they got hit and they got
scared oh no they're coming from EQC you
see right there yes yes that's good just
relax now they're in there yo you've got
the vantage point now look you can see
the first thing just what the patient
she sees me what's the point of that I'm
gonna knock her Tower down oh I see
I didn't work she's that oh yeah see
she's building a buddy box show yourself
where's a tree over there no no no no no
no steady you little she got up why they
were running away steady why are you
miss him
she's not that simple oh you made
yourself out of this get someone in that
cross
oh my John walks you out about said
chances to kill but I don't think you
know I just actually did oh you never
killed yourself
yep one more one more game baby this
time this time this time through the
holes - Cael - straining - okay tilted
okay what have you got a pistol is that
good
no they're all scared and may scatter me
in my one kill for you now they're
really scared of you and your pistol oh
here we go come on it's ready to go up
or down
okay you see that guy though I can see
him so do about it sneak up far as
industry.i Susie Susie oh you guys
definitely think about this you know
what I doubted you as my trainer but
you've given to be your hair
you've taught me well I think this
actually worked better being on the
ground and as all those you know I've
got the momentum on my side now grow
storm storm storm storm stormy storm
stormy soul on in so someone else is
right on the edge of the storm that you
would not have thought that would you
that is preposterous okay guys so and
now
it's time for the main moment the thing
everyone is been waiting for what we've
been doing is we've been doing one kill
equals 10,000 B books and I got five
kills in total yep what books were good
are they yep so basically what V books
are done is they're fortnight's currency
yeah so like fifa coins for example I
remember FIFA good you do you do why'd
you remember because a long time ago
before you were a youtube sensation
you're pretty much run of about eleven
twelve hundred quid on my card
yep well your mum's on my car mm-hmm
yeah that didn't go down too well did it
no well does I mean it's been lots of
fun playing with you I've had so much
fun doing this challenge and I guess
it's time we go ahead and add the V
books right let's do an guys there we go
ten thousand people's by the first lots
of ebooks have been added to the account
as one rounds
no we're just waiting again the games
between all your fucking - laughs oh but
maybe games between the games between oh
sorry
yeah but they spend hours cheering
you're wrong yeah I know
so what are you saying I'm just adding
another come on of ebooks
what do you mean Josh what no it's not
that
it's Michael oh pretty good you kidding
me
that's the game are you kidding that's
free I've got two more
get off you pull free 40,000 V seriously
right just I don't understand what you
I don't what have you just done 79
pounds ninety-nine times three yeah but
I've got two more but he's come off my
account
yes because we were playing between us
are you having a laugh no we're not
what do you mean why no no double pain
you but that was the key what did I care
what was what
garv if you'd have gotten no kills
nothing no I'm not I promise I won't
okay look I'll show you it's my card
okay it's my card with my card comes up
again I'm not I promise but psych have
you drawn now I haven't even got the
money in that I can make this for now
that's 400 pounds listen man this can't
be you best reach that camera if had a
switch that camera
you better sweets the camera I'm not
kidding switch the camera off okay wait
we'll switch the camera switch off don't
get off this thing you important in my
face even more okay that's four so you
just took 300 pounds outta my what it's
the end of the moment normal people get
paid at the end of the month normal
people don't afternoon 20 quid reciting
in the camp well I've got one more that
was the agreement we can't tell you how
many lattices you've just made on my car
affect my credit rating so if that takes
me over an agreed limit I've got on that
card which for all you know it would you
still filming yep right that is it just
switch it off I sent you a text message
and I asked you if you wanted to film a
video
we never specified the video but you
agreed the video was one kill equals
10,000 VBox now I got I don't even know
what a very bookcase it's all part of
the agreement you agreed to do not agree
to any food I'm getting really annoyed
so just let me add a lot more will you
switch the camera off if you touch that
again just going out of the window
give me just give me a bag it's dad dad
no no dad you've dad you wouldn't you
wouldn't you wouldn't you wouldn't I
won't film it you wouldn't know you won
no
please stop by oh my god oh no which
that off and get her my money and want
the 320 pounds back now fifty-five
thousand V books it's in the game well
guys I guess dad didn't like the joke he
threw my xbox controller out the window
so now my ps4 controllers been thrown
out and so is my xbox one oh my god no
guys I did actually buy the V box and it
was genuinely on his credit card however
believe it or not I'm not like a
terrible son I have the money in cash
I'm gonna give it to him
well I think maybe before we do that I
should try and calm him down a well
seriously can you just pull the camera
down firstly one first of all you need
to be quiet because the point walls are
still going on don't throw me on your
dad it's wrong because I'm not the
terrible son all right then you threw my
control out the window so I'm still not
even sure I should be doing this boy
yeah what like I should be why should we
say thank you because you've talked
three hundred and twenty quid off I'm
giving you the money I know it was a
little bit you know a little bit of
inconvenience for you but are we cool
oh really what not really because you
wasted my time
it's been lovely seeing you but you know
I've got a fuck about with that now and
this whole prank things just getting a
little bit stupid and so I'm gonna get
involved in this I've actually got a
YouTube studio in my house called your
old bedroom and you is I think Eastburn
animals are you banging us not Freddie
the pair of you now because it'll be a
moment Eve down against two more if
anything we saying this is now a
two-on-one bother let's get you back
glass all night
what's that person creeping up behind
hey Jess all y'all say tonight yeah all
I gots a nice
ha ha ha it's looking like the primes
are gonna keep on coming and they're
gonna get more and more intense so if
you've got any prank ideas leave them in
the conversation down below and also if
you're new here remember to go down
there smash that subscribe or to join
team boys we may be a bit of a
disadvantage right now but we're still
gonna kill it thank your zone for
watching and as always I've been logs
you guys been awesome and I'll see you
in my next video
peace out
