I'm just not used on cutting it and
sober I'd hate to say it but this game
might be reflective of a real-life
situation Morgan what if we don't win
this game I think we should break up yo
guys ice moves and today we're back with
another four night challenge today I am
joined with today I am joined away hi so
today I'm gonna be carrying a new bomb
for night mr. Bray how are you gonna
carry me if you don't even have a win
I've told you this already Cara my
fingers just keep slipping yeah guys
this is definitely gonna be an
interesting video if you're new here and
you don't already know
I'm currently giving away an Xbox or
Playstation and 25,000 V books and guys
the way winter is by the link in the
description below however two of the
things you have to do to enter is to
smash that subscribe button and smash
that like button and by doing both of
those things you will be entered to win
a PlayStation and Xbox um
oh um 60 votes 25,000 so yeah me Kerry
are gonna jump into a game right now
we're gonna see if we can get duo's win
babe you've got me on your team we are
definitely gonna win that's just that's
just not true though is it when have we
ever won I'm trying my best okay like
you can have one more chance but if you
play bad today I'm breaking up with you
because this is just embarrassing oh my
gosh the stakes are high jeez
okay so main-care have just jumped into
a game and the first thing she does is
pause the mode in squad was not bad it
was like already yeah yeah that's what
they all say let's get into a duo game
okay guys
the baubles right now kara where we
going where we going we got all the
deals yeah Betty mother's flippin do it
okay well guys whore details is like me
Kara's little spot that we always going
to do because if you haven't ever been
haunted hills go there there's always
like five chest it's sick
guys just before we start coming down
below hashtag teen moms or hashtag team
Kara who do you think is gonna play best
in this game okay guys I found a chest
here let's see what we've got first
chest Oh what wait that's not you what
happens
oh my gosh guys looks like we're
literally ten seconds in care has
already died I'm gonna go China venture
because why they'll all oh he's that
it's the dude get him get him
yay now you can come and be dead with me
forever it seems to be a tradition for
my four night videos to always start off
in like an instant death but that right
there is an absolute abomination guys
really go through another game right now
let's see if we can survive more than
two minutes guys we can't lose this game
okay Cara
we can't lose okay where'd you want to
go a low-key acres that looks fun
no you're going to the top why did you
jump oh God say okay guys you're a nanak
acres oh it was supposed to be a team
you can't just jump whenever you want
I'm the captain now okay Kara we stick
together right don't go up leaving me
again I'm going to the big balls
I'm just wrecking happen oh gosh oh for
God's sake man ducking me oh gosh oh my
gosh okay
spirits are high but the health bar is
very low have you died yes what a
surprise I died trying to save you
because you keep dying the thing is guys
I recruited Kara because my record isn't
very good I haven't won yet so I thought
why not get Kara don't play helped me
get better so far this has been a
flipping disaster guys we're just
learning into another game right now I
just want to remind you if you haven't
already subscribed to the channel you
should definitely go and do so right now
for top quality fortnight skills on
display by me and Kara hahaha seriously
they have smash the subscribe button and
you'll be entered into a huge giveaway
did it win some v books and get some
skins and why would you not want that
Kara okay I'm not asking for much all
I'm asking for is that you communicate
with me you try your best and we will
succeed
do you agree to do that what communique
Kara should we go till two towers yeah
oh god guys we're definitely gonna die
in like two seconds
okay listen Kara the strategy for tilt
the towers is don't die okay okay this
feeling guys there can't why are you all
carry this three of the guys here why
did you come yeah okay I've got a gun
care I'm going to save you oh why can't
you stay lies about it okay I killed one
Oh No okay I killed one I'm avenging you
oh no okay wait I killed someone babe I
killed the guy that killed you I think
that's actually a new record for least
amount of time stayed alive so far in
the video you managed about 20 seconds
well done oh man I said I reported your
account
whoa it Mina which could you just stop
oh just pressing buttons and happen eyes
looks like we've got no kids
is only solos because you've died and
left me alone wait it wasn't solos guys
every time I record this point over it
is with Kara I always tell myself maybe
she'll be better maybe she'll be a good
player maybe she'll help me but I always
just end up with literal egg on my face
Morgan seriously you really need to
start getting better cuz like you can
blame me all you want it was there was
you die you don't
yes because you left me with like five
people to face a woman spritzer you need
me and you don't even take care of me
and look out for me and I need a strong
independent man who can shield me from
the dangers of the PlayStation I'm just
not you're still cutting it and so I I
hate to say it but this game might be
reflective of a real life situation
Morgan what yeah if if we lose again if
we don't win this game I think we should
break up guys looks like if I die in
this game if we lose then I lose Keira
okay guys me Cara are gonna go to the
football pitch you may be asking why did
you go to this place it's no cuz it's
good Lou it's not because it's the good
location it's because it's not a
football pitch and I'm terrible at
football in real life so this is kind of
the only opportunity I get to actually
be good at football another thing you're
bad huh
okay baby jump let's go let's go let's
go let's go let's go I'm not no four
nine pro okay I'm not no Ally I'm not no
ninja right but I know the basics and I
know you need to stick together with me
okay
why because you die after ten seconds
boys and girls first chest right now
guys what do we think what do we think
I'm going for a gold scar oh I go blue
RPG let's go
I'm some z4 I'm a flippin kill it broke
Kara
I got good Lou okay we cannot die Kara
first one to score wins go go go go
whoa okay stop No oh come on come on
come on
can I finish it yeah Kara one problem
yeah we kind of have to go food tilters
what no no Kara that's not good should
we go round yeah just come around I'm
not not feeling up for that guys
especially not with Kara
guys 47 people left right now it's going
pretty well guys we got some pretty good
loop by the way kara stop
I have 75 shield and you have 50 so I
could take this for my 25 however
because I know you're terrible I'm gonna
give it to you you thanks you better be
thankful but I could have had da guys
really quick while I - oh I can't finish
mine in the rock anyway guys smash a
like on the video right now to give us
some good looks because we kind of need
it if we're gonna win this game we need
some go go kara northeast is stuff on
the ground or fish no no Kara gal the
bush we need to push oh I see I see
people know if two people know don't
engage yet don't engage yet the too far
engage no don't engage their fire with
someone else
okay I'm gonna go grab my stuff yeah
yeah try and get you get it I'll cover
you get out cover so you we're working
together we need to go we need to go in
up down no don't care now I'm only a
shot kara we're getting shot we ain't
showing ends are we gonna stop I'm
building I'm building and building and
building and building and building and
building and building and building
I'm building oh my god we get all p.g
kara Mayday Mayday Mayday
whoa yeah I'll be I'll be job opt-out
I'll feed you out kara please don't die
often show up here you told me pretty
bullet okay okay and eliminated
eliminators I think we go I think that I
got elimination yeah we do Chi we go oh
no the guy - the guy
no salary limit paintball just rude
babe just wait they've just one fight
you eggs you I carry the dudes
every flippin way oh holy jeepers she
clearly was yo no no thank you Charlie
I'll fill out the window here that
control the window twice why does
everybody keep taking the anger out on
my controller
seriously you've got to contain your
anger just because you bought a
four-night and you keep dying doesn't
mean it's my fault I got like three
kills that game Kara I tried to help you
but you were too busy
I was holding over baby it's only a gaze
maybe if you were better the game we
wouldn't be in this situation
yeah some dudes of guns in the forest
you'd protect me yes sure
we've bought that puny little sausage
arm things
everyone is so much better than you know
they're not on the best-performing are
you serious
yes ali-a nothing on me today no I'll go
under Sullivans yeah show you stats
we were playing duo's maybe if my actual
partner knew how to fire a gun
we'd be okay like I did that better huh
I have like way more subscribers and
everyone else like I have way more
subscribers than you and you still con
buffoon good for me with the fake gun in
the fake game tonight on real life would
be like you would be dead I will be
better I promise please give me another
chance I really I really infected trying
though I just I thought you could help
me and it turns out I just wasn't even
good enough to help you I think you're
just jumping off the bus aimlessly with
your width little gun and you just
shoots it up everything you don't even
thinking you only have to be 100 as good
as ali-a is I don't forgive you so
you're saying if I get one solar wind
we're back together
that's the act we weren't we weren't
even playing xbox I'm gonna play so many
games and in my next video I will get my
first ever win so remember if you've
already subscribed to the channel and
turn on notifications so you can be
ready for this bad girl guys thank y'all
so much for watching enter the giveaway
right now link is in the description
below subscribe if you're new smash like
of the video also guys new merch is
coming very very soon it's gonna be
coming this week guys on Saturday and
it's gonna be limited edition that's all
I'm saying now right at the end of the
video so only some of you know but guys
it's coming and it's gonna be hard
thank you so much for watching and as
always I've been mold you guys been
awesome and I'll see you in a video
peace out
