you know gamer kid just donated $100 say
you're my favorite Ramon does not let me
play because I'm sorry you know I think
that's a stupid joke
hello guys mr. beast here hello guys
Malta I welcome back to another video
today I'm gonna be donating loads of
money to some fortnight's dreamers on
Twitch why am I doing this you ask cause
it's funny
donated money to strangers has been done
loads before so I'm gonna put my own
twist on it I have created a fake twitch
called game a kid 750 and when I donate
to people I'm gonna be telling them that
it's from my mom's credit card and we're
gonna see how they react have actually
funded this video and I'm gonna be using
the money they gave me to give away so
guys those words about you your friends
your family maybe even your dogs is your
full name uncounted double six door six
eight and then something you want to
know about so I text the Mortenson
Sheffield 2018
Bono's forget the gold Angie said merge
YouTube legend mork's has a new merch
announcement coming soon that's so
amazing
it will make you cry more than mrs.
Hudson did when most pranker they did
indeed so yeah guys all the details of a
bongo are in the description it's really
cheap and it's really footage to see
what they have to say about you so check
down hello guys I feel like a good place
to start would to be to go to the
biggest boar night youtuber ninja was
poppin bro let's do it okay let's start
small and when I say start small that of
course means $100 it's not really a
small is it my favorite nice streamer my
moment does not let me play because I
too young so I took her card to donate
to you just before we send this donation
guys if you haven't already slashed a
subscriber and that would be absolutely
amazing yo and also guys right now I'm
also giving away an Xbox one ps4 and
25,000 fortnight V books the way you
enter guy's is by the link in the
description below but to the things you
have to do to be entered is leave a like
and subscribe so do both for them right
now okay boys and girls here we go
les donated bike ok boys and girls there
we go my donation is on stream well I
think that's a stupid fucking joke and
you have no idea of the amount of people
who charge back or refund half the
freaking Dodos because their kids took
their mom's credit card so what I'm
gonna do is refund it well I guess he uh
he didn't like the joke
I guess that's not exactly the reaction
I was looking for I feel really really
bad now so I think I need to donate a
bit more I'm sorry guys I'm about to
donate $500 I guess you didn't like the
joke my bad
don't we've fun this one whoa okay while
we wait for him to read this message I'm
actually interested to see what Bongo
has to say about ninja but no no's
drake's wingman ninja will have a 2018
that's bigger than the blast from an
impulse grenade
Billy's fortnight as a launch pad for
his own video game even Travis Scott
knows ninja has got it made okay there
it is boys and girls if I wonder I guess
you didn't like the joke my bad don't
refund this one a winky face
damn her kids 750 gonna have to forgive
me dude I don't ever want anyone to
donate with their parents permission or
anything like that man and it's super
not okay and some reason it happens more
often thank you so much girls
okay ninja funs watching this I know my
jokes aren't that good but I'm trying my
best over here anyway let's move on to
another stream I think this time we
should go to someone who hasn't Gause
many followers and see how they react to
the same situation okay guys we found
another stream in here as you can tell
there's 10 viewers in the twitch right
now and I've just noticed her top
donation is 250 pounds I think maybe we
can beat that with my mom's credit card
of course
okay I'm gonna donate $69 donation
message my mom won't let me play for a
night cuz I'm only nine I'm so angry
okay here we go boys and girls I had to
put on my father little tattoos good
you're good thank you so much let me
play for tonight cuz I'm only nine I'm
so angry
that's not nice sorry okay I'm about to
donate another $300 long just came in
and tried to stop me watch unfortunate
streamers so I took a credit card to
down the heat don't tell her who's gonna
be funny try to stop me watch important
it's dreamer so I took her for that card
I mean I technically I'm guys low-key I
don't think she cares
this guy's got 23 people in the stream
right now and yo i'ma go in there with a
donation
I'm just donating to random strangers
right now I don't know who these guys
are like what if one of these guys is a
morgue hater like it was dislike Knox
okay tune in $50 donation I just donated
with my mom's credit card low hashtag
savage hashtag maverick
okay boys and girls there we go holy
balls holy balls okay break it coming in
it with the tumor dollar donation
appreciate it man
holy crap I didn't know what to say you
know how now you know what to say you
know 250 baby let's go bomb incoming
Garrity for this it is indeed that is to
$250 donations bro you know what that is
new ladies hey thank you Jesus man hey
it's a little sketchy lucky boy hey yo
he knows something's up but where he's
been nice he's taking the money he seems
cool so enjoy a few moments later okay
I'm Loki
gamer bro bro bro I love you dawg I
don't know what to say man that message
though man I got a girl I need I need to
tell anybody serious this guy's cool
gamer are you still out there game
around I need to talk to you bro what
did you do it you know what you did bro
let me tell you something gamer you did
something amazing for me right but that
message do me the gone so I don't know
how to say this wow thank you so much
bro the best was just a joke enjoy oh
man I love you dawg hey bro kuku
everybody spam some hearts in the chat
but my boy gamer kid we get some hearts
in the chapter game
this has generally been so much fun bar
not done yet we need to find some more
people to donate to okay guys we're on
the next streamer right now and I just
noticed her donations say that they are
on refundable so hopefully we'll get
funny reaction guys I think we've been
exposed by oh she don't look happy
no she does not look happy and all the
money that's coming out of my account is
being spent on four nights
okay just donate it again guys saying
that was joking okay there we go
no that was what I was joking about boo
I started this girl 5-1 good I don't
think she knows what the hell's going on
okay I just donated again and telling
her it's legit hopefully she actually
realizes what's going on this time whoa
okay oh my gosh
you forget again intro create a message
in a second the first message was a joke
the donation is legit are you serious
yes she's so good boost if it's really
big he's so much that's like way too
much thank you thank you thank you thank
you
yo she was a little bit confused but she
seemed nice so enjoy the 500 again guys
I think we've got a little bit more
money left so let's keep going okay we
found another streamer he has a dog on
his head and I like dogs
it's all gonna donate $69 the message is
my mom to my xbox away so I still carry
credit card to donate lols hashtag
savage
I don't know about that I'm not gonna
endorse that really happen bro this
guy's not okay we go to the gay guys
who've another donation 250 dollars this
time my moment so I'm good I'm such a
savage
let's do it
I think you can do you know how you can
watch Julie's doing well this guy's
trying to block the donation he's
literally trying to block before this
guy goes and blocks the donation I'm
gonna donate again and tell him that it
was just a joke okay
I feel bad right now I need to tell this
guy's a joke guys he still didn't
believe me there was legit so I guess
I'm gonna have to donate again
the gamer if you're being serious I do
appreciate that
well boys and girls there we go
I just spent literally loads of money
donate to all these guys hopefully
they'll all enjoy the donations and
stuff watch they surprised me there was
how concerned some of them actually got
when I said it was with my mum's card
especially ninja like he straight-up got
my er spoken eyes one more time I just
want to let you know this would not have
been possible without Bongo so I just
want to thank them so much for
sponsoring this video I'm making this
all possible
guys if you're new here and you haven't
already remember to go down there smash
that subscribe button but if you want
some V books go down there smash that
subscribe on and leave a like and also
guys one last thing go follow all my
other social medias because I think I'm
gonna do another one of these videos but
with my own fan so if you want to know
when I'm gonna do that follow them so
maybe I'll donate money to you all the
links are in the description boy thank
you thanks for watching and as always I
before you guys been awesome and I'll
see you in my next video peace
