so as you can see on your screen right
now guys my mom's iPhone on eBay sold
for one flippin pound I hope you buy
what can I do nice oil it's all hello
team olds and welcome back to another
banger guys I am literally in such a
good mood today so I thought what better
thing to do than to vlog so yeah I've
got an absolutely amazing day plan today
so get ready for the video it's gonna be
an awesome one
no guys just before we start hope you're
having an absolutely amazing day and if
you day maybe isn't going too well sit
down and relax because this vlog is
about two spicy day opal oh now it's
currently really really early in the
morning right now and if you're part of
team moles you'll know it's a little bit
of a tradition to start every video off
with a prime and boys and girls I'm
about to introduce to you a new toy
which I've got a feeling we're gonna be
using a lot in the future boys and girls
are drumroll please I the leafblower
prank okay ladies and gentlemen say
hello to my little friend
let's do this
what are you doing gout get home ogre go
away
terney backyard okay
and on that note boys and girls welcome
back to the craziest YouTube channel in
the world
you're in for a bang river vlog today
what did you do my guys you did that
guys I've literally only been vlogging
for 10 minutes and we already have a
broken picture one angry mom and one
angry Martin I feel that this is a good
time to say if you're new here and
you're not already subscribed what the
hell are you doing I'm on the road to 3
million subscribers and I need all your
help to help me get there so go down
there smash that subscribe word and join
t-ball's
know guys you may not have actually note
this place actually be in a while since
I last vlog it's been over a week since
I last bought and you know I'd like to
call myself a daily vlogger but I don't
think I really am anymore
and you're probably wondering Morgan why
the hell haven't you been blogging
unlike me flippin tell ya ok boys and
girls now I know you weren't expecting a
serious reason - why I haven't been
vlogging but I can't keep this from you
guys this is really this is really
really hard for me now obviously I want
to be as open as I can with you guys I
love you all you're my family
so it's only right that you know this
guys I have an addiction this addiction
has taken over my life I haven't been
vlogging I haven't been moving around I
haven't been energetic I've literally
been addicted to this
now guys my addiction is fortnight
Battle Royale I am addicted to fortnight
battle royale and guys I know what
you're thinking you're like Morgan
that's not an addiction you're like
that's not serious like what the hell
are you doing I can assure you this is
no 22 now obviously as I told you it's
the morning right now however I haven't
just woke up boys and girls
I haven't flippin slept I was up all
night playing for tonight I literally
have not left my flippin chair this is
the first time I left my chair out of
the play and you know what guys that got
me thinking seen as I am addicted to
fortnight as you all know I thought why
not challenge myself to make a video out
of it boys and girls
if this video gets 20,000 likes I will
upload a video attempting to play
fortnight for 24 hours straight it will
be a 24 hour fortnight challenge
anyway know that my addiction is out the
way let me fill you guys in on why I've
been doing over this past week because a
lot has changed firstly I bought a brand
new football table oh then I played some
fortnight and then guys I bring out some
absolutely awesome new merchandise the
bro merch available in all these awesome
new colors as you can see and of course
added it to the dopest the merch room on
YouTube look at this it's flippin
awesome bro where can they get the merch
from that's right well link in the
description then I am I I played
fortnight again then I added some brand
new pictures to my wall one of them of
course being Bruno and the other one
being Peugeot and then guys surprise
surprise I played even more for night
thank God I added this new black cabinet
thing in some
bedroom and yes that is a creeper Xbox
controller and then finally guys I
played a fortnight again and yeah that's
basically everything I go up to in the
last week as you can tell didn't do much
except for just played fortnight
I'm definitely addicted never get a
break from these customers everybody
just wanted to get the match all the
time come in a favor
thank you I know you don't normally do
me favors but I've got a friend it was a
really really big fan of yours and she
just really wants you to give us give us
some merchants and sign it wait so let's
get this straight you're trying to get
some free much out of me
first son Morgan it's very fun it's not
for me I'm not fast it's for fun of
yours as long as you promises for a fast
I'm not for you it's literally the best
merch so I can understand why you'd be
coming in an etruscan me but you need to
promise that it's for fun I'm not trying
to scam you is for ah okay then I've got
some signed merch there okay I don't
want to see you around these parts
anymore thank you she'll be so happy
with that thank you excuse me he's
something stop right there these Rascals
I was trying to get the mesh I I don't
know how they got there I gotta go
oh please boys and girls obviously we've
log in today and that means we've got to
get off a fortnight and actually get out
into the real world now the thing is
boys and girls obviously I've been
playing fortnight now straight for like
absolutely ages this is like the first
time I've actually left my room and um I
don't like it mom could I go play for
tonight no just appreciate outdoors
okay I'm gonna go okay boys and girls
looks like we're going on an adventure
five minutes later okay boys and girls
stop number one right now it's a bit of
a familiar one as you can see yeah this
is bringing back memories a little bit
emotional but let's keep the smiles up
boys and girls basically mum let me know
that she's actually been doing a lot of
work with the house because obviously
we're gonna sell it really really soon
apparently she's been playing with it
and changing stuff around and I'm gonna
go in and take a look
well um this is a this is pretty crazy
yeah guys um crazy stuff this is where
team moulds first started where
everything first started well guys I
didn't plan on that getting emotional
but it's kind of crazy isn't it
seeing them the place went literally
everything started I moved to the house
after after mom and dad split that's
kind of when everything started the
whole YouTube career I have all my
memories in the house it's been a month
now since I've seen it anyway more
importantly I did find one thing in the
house which I apparently forgot the good
old sea nationhood band okay boys and
girls we're back home right now and
basically we've just gone I saw mom was
reading like a letter and then she said
it's from the South Yorkshire Police so
I go over and apparently was going fine
no no they said they could do so what
did you do one I think I was I was I
went six miles over the speed limit
okay guys so I think Intel I just go
over the shower it's a little bit later
on in the day right now and I think it's
time we turn back on prank mode and kick
off the main prank for this video which
is of course they're selling my mom's
iPhone for one pound crying it's gonna
be a good one so as you guys know I
bought my mom an iPhone a while ago it
cost me quite a long money and it was
awesome check this out my phone seven oh
oh my god why did you buy me this movie
oh come on we all know why you like it a
little bit are you coming that cool and
obviously the prank wars is just getting
started again and I think you know soon
as I bought to the phone I can choose
what I do with it and I think it's time
to sell on eBay but one hour baby or at
least that's what mum will think I've
done so as you can see on your screen
right now
that is my mom's iPhone on eBay sold for
one flippin pound a single British pound
coin and basically guys dies a
screenshot that I have made in Photoshop
to look like her iPhone is sold for one
pound it's not actually real but mom
doesn't know about does she now so I'm
gonna text her that screenshot she's
gonna see it she's gonna see that her
phone on ebay sold for one pound and of
course that means she's gonna freak out
guys we could just begin started with
our best prank ever on the channel this
is a good one this is a smart one so
yeah what I'm gonna do I'm gonna take
this camera downstairs I'm gonna set it
up I'm gonna hide it someone doesn't
know to say I'm gonna come back up here
thanks mom the screenshot of her iPhone
app on eBay she's gonna see it she's
gonna see their iPhones been sold and
she's gonna get angry at me so yeah guys
and I go get this prank started it's
gonna be funny
butchers before we get started guys I
want you to comment down below if you
have an iPhone or an Android phone team
iPhone or team Android comment it in the
conversation below let's go it'd be
quite big
yeah but what you saying you've seen
sunlight burn off some or some another
thumbs like it I'm afraid I saw you are
whoa you see it you've genuinely saying
that you stole my phone for some what
this it's not Joan laughs you need an
apartment give you the power God take it
up
the phone
okay this morning I'm going to do it
tonight
cutting this link is a lone friend hey I
think you guys saw something it's
somebody else's okay that's one thing
the other thing is you don't sell it for
ridiculous one more thing okay
do things you don't sell something to
somebody else's yeah don't sell romance
tonight - do you know what things I'm
agree though do the third thing this
oh my gosh you showed us a listing on
ebay how how did you do that well mom
you start a lot to learn I'm afraid why
don't you get back up did the listing I
showed you will mama that right there
yeah it's just a picture that I edited
on Photoshop that's problem we don't
know this technology so they can do
stupid things like this towards a wine
deserve it so today you've done woke me
up with a leaf blast to blow a thing at
me
I'm you so you've done that and then
you've gone and messed around with my
phone trying to upset me Oh should we
have a little look apart is legas want
to sell that's going the last saturday a
week ago two weeks you like look how
swollen that is there that's why it's
like living with Morgan we get injured
and we get pranked and it's difficult
and it makes your hair go gray and it
makes your eyes bugging and it makes you
stress oh wow guys okay
that was pretty interesting know what
guys if we smash 20,000 likes on this
video I'll actually sell my mum's iPhone
I'm not even joking twenty thousand ice
and I'll do it guys if you knew he
remembered to go down there and
subscribe to join team orgs I'm
literally so close to three million
subscribers so if you know how to
subscribe that would actually mean so so
much to me and also guys if you haven't
already cops so this over here this bro
Mitch it is flippin fire guys if you
haven't already copped it mugs dachau
link in the description go down there
copy bro merge become a bro today and
join the merged squad and finally guys
don't forget to make all your dreams
happen get out there just say yourself a
goal at the start of the day and make it
happen
today's goal was of course the prank
moment and we made that happen
so make sure you're making all your
goals come true thank y'all so much for
watching and as always I've been more to
guys been awesome and I'll see you in my
next video peace out
