boys and girls it is the moment you've
all been waiting for
the last video got 25,000 likes so it's
time to play some strip
are you excited baby
shall we got I'm so excited to take my
clothes up on camera really guys I don't
even want to waste any time I want to
get straight into this disgusting
monetize
yeah guys this is definitely making no
money so if you're not already smashed
that like born go and do it because I
need some likes for this I'm giving you
guys what you wanted okay let's go okay
boys and girls were in the battle bus
right now there's only one place we're
gonna go baby of course
it's tilted towels it's where the action
goes down which means there's a big
chance of me dying but I got to do what
I got to do for you guys I gotta get
them flippin kills every kill equals one
bit of clothing and by the way I like
the clothing choice today you got the
Robotron link in the description below
anyway guys I'm gonna go to the L shaped
buildings because they've always you're
good loot in them and yeah I don't know
strategy for this game
Gaz many kills his possible boys and
girls okay I see a pump shotgun I see a
pump stop those another person they got
ain't I gotta put a dog on those line
those right okay we've got a Bert I'm
gay
what the hell are you doing this you're
stripping not me you killed them
yes to make you strip she's gone another
wave of rowboats on what the hell game
okay okay oh it's ladies hello miss
hello oh my goodness guys you boy
it's coming up with the kills baby
that's two kills let's go
I may have only taking 20 off of him but
it was in the end of the lane with
bromwich we've got we've got the same
t-shirt on Joe is this couple goals or
nah I maybe am making a do a strip for
tonight right now but it's couple girls
okay deal with it guys we get a shot
that's that we all get shot okay okay
okay okay okay I'm camping to see baby
yeah that merge top off get that world
bitch you've got another layer of
bromwich on are you serious right now
so far guys free kills free bits of
bromwich have been taken off but yo I
think we can get more I think we need
more I've been trying to bait people in
with this treasure and camp and trap
them but I don't think anybody's gonna
come no one cares about the chairs you
do they see I even built a roof you know
what I'm getting the treasure and a
bolt-action sniper rifle it's okay but
like what medium that's not the best is
it but you know I am a sniping killer
I'm an X X underscore most go / X
we go smart I survived six health I
survived six health I survived
yo guys literally I'm not the best of
fortnight but I'm pulling out these
kills for you guys today
yo guys I'm just gonna come up here and
wait like I am in no rush
I just want to get them kills yo sup
babe wait babe seriously this time she's
gone the light blue bromwich bright new
color never seen before brand new light
blue roamers link is in the description
okay guys really good for me how many
t-shirts have you got left
no seriously how many of your left
weight is on this is we are literally
down to one more kill if you haven't
already smashed that light board go down
there and flippin do it right now I need
I need all the look I can get okay you
know what I must stay here guys I
knocked him off
I took his help so far down and he fell
to the floor and died from the fall
damage look you can see his stuff but I
didn't get the kill okay so we found the
people that I killed I'm gonna get all
that ammo right now because yo I need it
okay let's go let's go let's go the
storm guys is coming quick I didn't even
notice the storm so I literally need to
go like right now
I've
to avoid the storm and I literally to
get one more kill one more is all I
flipping these oh okay we're getting
closer right now we've got a past few
loot Lake by the way is loot like anyone
elses least favorite place to go in the
game like whenever a girl at Lake it's
just a troll okay I always get sniped
when I'm in the water there's like two
good bits of Lou I don't like it you
know what guys
comment down below right now where is
your favorite place to go on fortnight
for me you see the shifty shafts or
filter towers barb is the your boy went
to tilter because I need them kills oh
my god okay the storm is coming for us
guys we really will need to get going
right now okay guys this is it I can
feel it I can feel the sick pill coming
I can feel the final layer coming Cara
Bridget workman you know what screw the
flipping game we did it boys
we did it guys who he did it we brung it
down to the final layer actually cannot
believe I managed to do it I am terrible
at for night but I pulled out for one
game we've got all six we don't need any
more and it is finally time to get down
to business guys smash a like on the
video subscribe for more fortnight
videos just like this but Cara are you
ready okay are you okay I'm okay baby in
your own time whenever you're ready
oh yeah top back on this is ridiculous
mom stop it was literally it was just a
video okay it's just a video there's
only one video that I know of where you
take your clothes off and I'm not even
not happening in this house um yeah and
that's not what is it like oh she ain't
hinged now get your clothes on Kara you
need to get your bag and we need to get
in that train station now we're sorry
okay we're sorry that you're awake right
now ma okay okay
well end the video I'm sorry Julie just
come on okay bye just give us a privacy
oh my gosh um okay guys gonna be a hard
one to explain tomorrow well guys if you
want another strip for tonight video
without any of moms interruptions
and with only one layer on Kara just
like this oh maybe with another girl
guys if you want another strip fold our
video even more crazy than this one then
subscribe and also splash' like on the
video if we can get 13 thousand likes
I'll do another strip for tonight video
and make it even more crazy than this
one guys go subscribe to get a link in
the description she was doing well until
mum came in and it was kind of ruin it
and also guys if you want to cop some of
the new bromwich it subsidise if you
want to cover some of the brand-new
bromwich bromwich made out of the word
bros how cool is that seriously guys i
just want to say a massive thank you
like honestly like so many of you guys
caught the bromwich it's already almost
sold out so if you haven't already got
the romich link is in the description
below it's genuinely really nice merch
the quality is great I think their
designs pretty cool I wanted to do
something which like wasn't too much
morgues like it doesn't just say like
morgues on it but it's pretty cool guys
it's pretty cool or should I say it's
pretty cool Bros so yeah guys link in
the description or just put in
www.norcalhypno.com
that's enough okay guys thank you so
much for watching and as always I've
been mulling she's she's been Kara you
guys been awesome and we'll see you in
the next year for our video peace out
you
