I've now been gone for 48 hours no one
even noticed hello guys welcome back to
another video
wait a second guys I think it's time we
try a new intro do you anymore
yeah what swinging guys welcome back to
another video I don't know dude she's
was swinging in the Gucci anyway guys
today I'm going to be basically
disappearing for 48 hours
I mean disappearing from social media
basically I'm gonna leave social media
completely for 48 hours and it's going
to be an experiment because I'm gonna
see what the reaction is like let's face
it everybody's probably good to be happy
are they mob guys anything you and
you've never seen my face before I'm
currently on the road to free wait
that's - hold up five fingers and say
free that's just a random time on the
road to free a million subscribers and
if you not already subscribed to go down
there smash that subscribe me get to the
goal and also more how many like should
we smash for this video Brad I mean five
thousand Brad five thousand smash alike
let's get started so yeah a Sunday right
now and basically I thought how can I
make this a little bit more dramatic and
then I had a pretty good idea I'm gonna
put on all my social medias just two
letters I
that's not two letters to Lexus I am
isn't it oh that's kind of like two
words I guess a mum's abbreviates it's
so do you want to say you good six
letters and an apostrophe let us say two
words okay I mean you guys always say I
should get you more involved in them you
guys always say I should get you more
involved in the video so I mean today I
am getting you guys involved but
probably not in a good way but I mean
it's still gonna be quite fun I can't
wait see if you guys actually notice I'm
gone okay you guys the posts have been
done I posted I done on my Twitter and
by the looks of it a lot of people seem
a little bit confused and a little bit
worried I just realize this isn't a
normal prank this isn't like a prank on
like mom or - the one I'm pranking you
guys today I'm sorry I don't want to be
mean to you guys but brah no one's safe
from the prank King and they also posted
the exact same thing on snapchat
Instagram I'm gonna keep you guys
updated throughout the video on what you
guys are saying if you're worried if you
guys are scared if you're happy that I'm
gone if you're sad that gone it's just
gonna be an experiment basically to see
if you guys like me and I don't know if
you do so this is gonna be interesting
the next day
I wasn't doing today it is the next day
right now as you can tell the sky is
blue the sky is gray everybody is
feeling happy including ya how are you
feeling huh positive vibes baby anyway
today me I care are going to London of
course I'm going to tell you guys feel
the entire thing but one thing I want to
say really quickly a lot of team walks
are getting really really worried and
really sad and they don't know what the
hell's going on and I just want to say
to anybody who got worried and got sad
thank you so much for looking out for me
I'm sorry I'm pranking you right now but
you guys know how it is the prank King
never stops so yeah guys I'm gonna keep
you updated with the experiment so far
it's been really hard not tweeting I
woke up this morning and I went to do a
snapchat and I was like wait I can't do
a snapchat as somebody who uses social
media literally religiously this is
being hard so far but let's go to London
right now so guys so we've just arrived
in Sheffield right now but I think it's
time we head off to London but wait if
we're gonna go to London I think this
needs a cool transition you're gonna be
my transition okay yeah it's gonna be a
belly is that okay Bri yo we're here
boys and girls in London right now you
guys know the drill by now we're heading
off to the hotel it's gonna be pretty
lit let's go
so we've just arrived at the hotel guys
and this is gonna be a little bit of a
blast from the past because this is the
hotel that me and Kara always used to
stay up however there is one thing I
need to talk to you guys about you
have noticed but if you didn't this is
pretty crazy now you guys have been on
the channel for a while know that I am a
Sheffield Wednesday supporter and I know
that about 50% of you have just called
me a plastic fan in the comments but
like seriously like listen hear me out
I've been spawning them now for like
five years or whatever something like
that and basically as minkyo just
chilling the station
we noticed me like entire team just
chilling around and you know guess who
was on the train with us
yep it was them and then also guys in
that last clip we film literally just at
the station if you zoom in to the
elevator they're just there in the
background just lurking just lurking
back there I think the team or guys I
think that's what it is okay we're in
the hotel room right now I would give
you guys a full tour but you've seen
these rooms like 10 times in the vlog so
let's do it this way
hairdryer bid to us bad pillow yes
finally tomorrow yeah I'm just ringing
to ask if you have any more much
available the time is currently 4:30 on
Monday that means it has almost been 24
hours without using social media and
boys and girls
it has been hard I was out in the
streets and I slept over and I wanted to
tweet about it I saw my favorite
footballs on the train with me I don't
wanted to tweet about it but I couldn't
boys and girls this has been no joke so
far as you can see we're on the I'm done
tweet and I think it's time we check
back on some of the latest responses and
see if you guys are missing me yeah
Karen think they're gonna be missing me
I like to look on the replies like a few
minutes ago a few people seem quite
happy
no no one will be happy first one here
Morgan what's going on you haven't
tweeted all day I love how I believe I
addicted to social media that when I
literally Twitter for a day people know
something's up like that I'm just
ridiculous so you get the money you want
and then just leave I don't know what to
say to that Pogo died no no I will not
let you down to propose you know what
I'm a ring good right now what if it's
crafting anime is right and Pogo is dead
what did you do to him I'm not fooling
around
what did you do to her oh but mom its
craft anime said Pogo was dead so Paul
goes not dead then look at this dude
look at his hair what are you doing
you're done shopping yeah day 79 of
shopping I can't feel my feet anymore
guys were finally leaving the shop I'd
like to thank my mom I'd like to thank
my dad we got through it guys especially
I like to thank team Mohawks fighting
through this adventure with me next day
five minutes later
what's swinging guys it's the next day
right now as you can flip and tell I
haven't posted in almost two days like
that doesn't sound like much but there's
an awful lot to me anyway guys one of
the main reasons me Cara come to this
hotel is because the breakfast is
absolutely insane so right now we're
going to get some breakfast there's two
types of people in this world she's
still got that body than me though so it
doesn't really matter okay just finish
breakfast I'm feeling to be good that
was actually pretty nice good starter
there you film a Loki going no sleep
last night so I kinda needed that
breakfast just a kick off the day anyway
you guys know how I saw shopping
Wednesday's football team yesterday at
the train station
looks like we've bumped into someone
else who tiny comb famous I'm not really
sure you guys remember that show of
Ireland that was on TV everyone was
talking about it Jess and Dom ass up
back there and you know the temptation
to just blast out Jones this time on
full on full volume right now is like
very very I kind of want to do it but
Dom believer is a pretty big guy so I'm
kinda scared people only like you for
your tits but their real thing right now
is midday time feel like I'm doing like
a documentary right now because I'm like
documenting my experience but I've gone
into the really tricky stage right now
bro I just want to tweet so bad like I
just wanted to II I just want to tell
everybody about my boring life like
somebody with a live like mine with a
I need to just let people know how
boring it is and I want to do it but I
can't and bro I tell you I think the
hardest one has been snapchat like it's
been a daily routine of mine you just
whip out the phone and just tell
everybody what I'm doing if I'm in the
shower if I'm sleeping if I'm walking if
I'm talking if I'm chalking and I can't
do it and it's eating me alive but guys
the good thing is in about seven hours I
can get back on social media and return
and that is gonna be hilarious I'm going
to do it with a dramatic tweet and a
dramatic snapchat I'm gonna get you guys
as reactions what makes me laugh and
what I think makes me different from the
other wanders is you know these guys all
out there in LA New York the sunshine in
where am I they're in London getting
drenched by rain having the time of my
life happy guys our house in LA I want
some Sun where is this song oh my god
it's a vlogger dude she's walking dude
it's a vlogger dude oh my god it's a
vlogger dude so it's time for me to go
home
you can't just start crying
why your eyes walk through them yes they
are do you love me I think here we've
got emotions just like that boys and
girls
oh now back home baby anyway boys we are
now home and the unbelievable has
happened you guys saw in the clip
earlier always saying how UK we never
get stoned it's always raining I come
home to Sheffield what do I see
so yeah boys and girls I'm back and it
is my 46th hour without posting on any
of my social medias as it being
difficult
mum honestly for someone who is addicted
to social media it has been flipping
impossible now I'm gonna log the
complete response once we hit the 48
hour mark but for now guys I think we
need to go into the crib and just take a
look at what's been going down while
I've been gone if you kept it good more
of you really know all right
your bond your bond okay guys we're back
outside right now and basically this
marked the 48 hour mom now I haven't
even checked my phone all day because I
wanted to check on camera how many of
you guys got worried how many of you are
scared if any of you even noticed and
right now I'm about to check and see if
any of you guys noticed I was gone for
48 hours guys what I wanted to do is go
down there comment down below if you
noticed I was gone and if you're not
ready following all my other social
medias go down there and follow them so
yeah guys I guess let's just check mum
did no one notice no one noticed mom
yeah I don't think anyone likes me oh
why do I think people preferred me not
here so yeah I guess the moral of the
story is if
you want to make a disappearance you got
to do it for longer but guys what I'm
gonna do right now is head inside I'm
gonna tweet snapchat and put an
Instagram story I was saying that I am
now back and I'm gonna make it super
dramatic I'm gonna see how everyone
responds to that what you say mom maybe
they'll actually notice me if I say I'm
back I think you should go and tell
everybody about and see what happens
do it up let's do it let's do it again
yes oh my god now yeah is one more thing
before we send out the tweets you guys
know how I've been working on a merge
room now for like about two weeks Oh
boys and girls I don't know where to
start with this behind this room lies
probably one of the best met rooms on
YouTube anyway guys the mushroom is
almost ready and I'm gonna reveal it to
you in a hug which is coming out soon I
can't wait for it get ready guys this
mushroom is where and also guys see this
on the topic of merch I'm currently
working on some new merch I don't know
what you guys are thinking mugs
now that the limited edition gold merch
is over we want a new design we want
some fresh dope and of course I thought
you guys covered guys new merch is gonna
be coming really really soon
I don't want to say when but it should
be in the next ten days
so guys get your money saved up don't
break your parents tell them that the
match is coming burn they should get
ready Lukey when this merch drops you
guys are gonna flip in love it I can't
wait it's gonna be live stay tuned
focus you guys I was thinking and you
know I came to the conclusion that I
think it was just all a big mistake
obviously you guys you did remember me
of course like how could you forget I
think you guys just like didn't tweet or
just didn't message me but you guys
definitely notice me so why did I tweet
it out that I'm back and buying and guys
honestly I cannot wait to see all your
happy tweets all the smiles on your face
it's gonna be so cool all you guys have
obviously missed me and you're obviously
glad I'm back so let's take a look at
the response kill
kill me now must just be a handle
another another false alarm no just no
Oh No
I thought everybody was gonna miss me I
thought everybody was gonna be happy
that I'm back
guys I start this experiment trying to
see what would happen if I disappeared
from social media for 48 hours
I started it trying to see if everybody
would notice that I was gone and the
results are in no one realized I was
gone no one missed me now that I'm back
everybody wants me to go again seriously
though guys I'm back now from the Forte
our disappearance and also I'm back on
YouTube I'm gonna try and post as daily
and as frequently as I can so if you
want me to go daily on the channel once
again go down there smash that like
button and also if you're not already
subscribed guys subscribe so you don't
miss on some future come future content
to detect and also guys if you could
leave a like on this video that would be
very much appreciated if we could get
10,000 likes that would be amazing
and also don't forget new merch coming
very soon sooner than you think get your
money saved up get your parents back
let's get your I don't know what else
you can get just get ready guys thank
y'all so much for watching if you missed
me I'm back if you didn't miss me I'm
back thank you so much guys and I'll see
you in my next video peace out
