my name is clickbait Hudson it's
official
everybody calls him that anyway so
what's different dad my name is no
longer Morgan its clickbait enough my
name isn't actually clickbait whoa my
name's Libby however it may as well be
now I thought it'd be hilarious to
change my name for 24 hours and prank my
entire friends and family obviously
there isn't many friends but I broke my
family and I was like what should I
change my name to i sat there and i was
like what would the people want what
would teemo's want me to change my name
to and then it came to me cool it paint
basically I've printed a legal name
change document I'm gonna fill out make
it look super legit and then I'm gonna
see if I the end of this video
everybody I know will be calling me
click mate I mean it shouldn't be that
hard with you guys you already called me
click me all the time anyway guys if you
do remember to go down there slash that
subscribe and we're on the road to 3
million subscribers and I need all your
help to help me get there and also guys
if you want me to make another video
actually legit changing my name
let's smash 25,000 lights on this video
and you never know I might do it newly
registred ok here goes nothing call base
Hobson just wrote down my day of birth
which believe or not guys is in 2003 I'm
not 12
why would that make me 12 I don't know
okay now it's asking me for any calls I
have no clue what to write here so I'm
probably just gonna
and stuff that sounds professional and
hope that everybody doesn't notice it
oh well so guys there we go I just put
sour eyes you can see I've got all the
ends here
seriously guys that is the first time
I've used scissors since I was at school
I forgot how hard it was to clean
straight lines bro why do you remember
when you're at school you'd have to cut
something out and you'd be like you know
it's just a straight line how hard could
it be
and then you'd end up with the squiggly
astir BIA Street is looking line ever
anyway guys I think what I'm gonna do is
take a picture of this on my phone and
then just show everybody the pictures
I'm pretty sure mommy's just getting
ready for the day so as soon as she's
ready I'm gonna go to and break the news
that I am now called click bait Hudson
this is gonna be hilarious guys I'm
going upstairs right now mom is in our
room let's get one and get this started
quick pause nerd that merchandise
looks amazing oh hey mom hi Marc
what's your I am have to talk to you
about something okay it's kind of
serious oh god if you sat down okay I
was just coming down anyway and I've
been downstairs by now I give you
permission to sit down say thank you for
let me live here thank you for letting
me clean up after you interior thank you
for letting me walk the dogs the dogs go
up at seven o'clock in the morning thank
you for letting me let you come into my
bedroom in the early hours the morning
with fog horns and sirens screaming at
me thank you so much for letting me live
here I've been saying I have really lies
my name Morgan since you were little you
never liked your name she said it was a
boy's name or a girl's name oh I've done
is I've changed my name
oh wow your honor laughs no it's Jo Jo
again holding you're not somebody saying
it
it's my name you've got Stockholm and
quick bait
what sir it's a lot yeah because
everybody calls you that anyway so may
as well just be called around changing
my name
what not marks mom puts in my name is
gonna be not Malta mom each other
changes into a Jones this is not a joke
it's a joke no it's not if I'm over here
and you want to shout me down to get
some dinner what are you gonna show
clickbait oh really
oh yes we wants ready Layton is not
ready oh that's actually a black and
official document my name is Kate Hudson
it's official
have you asked people if they want you
to become knobs or clipping everybody
already calls me clickbait so they
obviously want me to change my name to
it does anybody know just Kara no oh
you've got no friends no it's quick Bay
everybody calls in there anyway so
what's different I mean I actually like
Morgan I like that people call him mugs
and I'm most mom no mom let's think
about this we're out and if somebody
shouts hi mo what are you gonna do just
ignore them ayan Clint Bay's no my name
is no longer most people's minds and he
doesn't age do you think I should maybe
go and break the news to Keira Keira
okay basically I've got some news to
break here
- it's funny what's funny I don't get it
what's funny I love it Matt what's funny
what was it
I mean I mean nothing nothing's really
changed her exactly everybody always
calls it me anyway
I guess it's probably time we break the
news to dads I'm gonna text him the
picture of the document and you know
obviously just let him know about my new
name change hello have you seen the text
don't check your texts you can you can
just go off the phone and just check the
tape continues is this like the 19th bit
away yeah haha well you just turn the
phone off mom I think we finally found
this one was worse at technology than
you know you like to tell me how to do
that about two weeks ago hello have you
seen the document daddy this is not
silly this is funny I'm Santa serious
dad my name is no longer Morgan its
clickbait yeah and I'm changing it to
claim a yes guys I just had one of my
best ideas ever to address the elephant
in the room the elephant not being me
although I am getting a little bit
you'll be I am stored on my roof right
now as you can tell if you knew it hi
welcome to the channel we do stores all
the time go subscribe now at Starbucks
they always ask you for a name to put on
your drink
now how funny would it be if me mum went
to Starbucks I asked her to get me a
drink and then when they ask what named
you want on the click bait that would be
the funniest thing ever so I've just
asked mum
go to Starbucks she said yes so guys
this is gonna be hilarious why they not
be changed names from something this
silly to something that's better you
don't like doing the other way around
excuse me Oh God oh well if that's your
name I've got to I've got to start using
it I guess
this is Jill formerly Jill no no now's
not morgg's mom so mom has been working
on her own
much alike if you think mum should make
her minecraft parody please PLEASE wall
yeah I know they're cute but you can't
have look this geezer
he just does no Danny I want to rat I
want one now daddy I want to squirrel
get me one of those squirrels
I want one this robber is using his own
belly as a pillow that right there is
innovation at its finest what's wrong
with you why are you doing that face
guys boo guys we do this thing recently
was tongues just been hanging out he's
always just hanging out of his mouth
okay guys so we're back right now in a
second I'm going to tweet out from my
Twitter we have the picture of the
document and see if I can prank team
olds into thinking that my name is now
clickbait however just before that this
would be really really funny I want to
show you and now it's not a brand deal
basically I don't know if you guys know
this but youtubers we're like different
people we don't sleep at the normal
times we just function differently to
other people we're like just a bunch of
aliens and basically last night at
literally 1:00 a.m. I decided out of
nowhere to walk to Tesco literally at
1:00 a.m. so yeah I've watched those
guys this is hilarious okay guys so
basically it is literally basically it
is literally okay good stuff
it's 1:00 a.m. right now and I have just
decided why not go to Tesco just a
spontaneous Tesco trip you guys know how
it is we're in the dangerous ruckus
streets of Sheffield right now you're in
trouble now guys the thing is because
it's so late mum is in bed right now
asleep and I kinda need to let her know
that we're going out or I think I'm
gonna have to go in and just kind of
whisper it to her let's tribe is quite
as possible a few moments later
yes okay we just pulled up to the Tesco
and this is the first thing that Kiera
goes to a block of cheese oh six pork
sausages Stenstrom my basket
move it why did you dye it oh um it
starts tomorrow maybe we don't
you'll see Morgan Morgan what are you
doing Oh with the glass
mmm-hmm seriously it's just a piece of
boss what are you doing move it really
really yeah yes mommy no please no no no
just don't do that you thought I was
gonna smash it
yeah I did no I'm not looking Paul I've
got a better idea a few inches later I'm
back from Tesco I got you a present mom
I got you a piece of glass key but like
it knew I should have got the piece of
wood down 2,000 years later yeah okay
I'm here I'm ready I'm basically what I
do right now
we talk from my Twitter I've changed my
name to click mate and see if people
believe me see what they say and yeah
let's do it
but guys if you nobody follow me on all
my social media my Twitter is more
Cookson my Instagram is more whitey and
my snapchat is more Hudson so follow
them all those if you wanna get involved
in on the stop I blew on the social
medias and watch my life because it's so
interesting it's not okay guys I'm about
to tweet it's official since it's all
you guys call me my new name is
clickbait Hudson and I've attached a
screenshot of the documents showing I've
changed my name
unless you want the reactions line okay
click Bank Hudson oh my gosh I think
some of you guys are actually believing
this this is hilarious Suze you much
better I mean she's got a point
why would you do that you gotta know
your name is my favorite name ever well
if Israel got a feeling it's a prank
prank King Yoshi kind of caught me out
there
I should be repping the pranking me
right now because I'm kind of prank it 3
2 1 is definitely better guys and also
on the subject of merch after this video
I want all of you guys to go over to
morgues don't go and check out the site
because we just did loads of
improvements completely rebranded the
side and also we dropped the price on
some of the items including Frank King
for example this hoodie has gone down
five-pound in price so if you haven't
already joined the merch squad cops
emerge after this video because some of
the items are as cheap as they will ever
be so don't miss out but guys I think is
time we go upstairs now I've seen as it
is kind of nighttime right now I think
we should reveal to mama and Martin I'm
Kara I didn't actually change my name to
click B and it's just there just a prank
war I have a bit of a confession to make
just go away clickbait go away go away
you've can't just led me on to what I
was gonna say mom I feel kind of bad
saying this because obviously you've
adjusted and everything looks like mine
has to book my name is an actually clean
baby which is the form of the internet
what my name isn't actually click baby
whoa my name isn't actually click but
you can stop calling at me now I'm not
cool clip a month it was just a price
even the lady at Starbucks no she called
clickbait from now on everybody knows
his name on coke yep my name never
changed it's Morgan more that's my name
it was just a prank the document the
internet I've never called you Morgan or
mugs I don't think you've always been
called clickbait the commies call me
clickbait but I don't mean it's my
actual name I've always called when you
were born I called you click names where
you click me in me Oh
morning club a good night guys um
they've seen so many people call me
clickbait that like is kind of confused
them I think they actually think my name
is clickbait and this is all quite Kira
my name isn't actually clickbait it was
just a document I got off of Google it
still clickbait to my eyes but that
doesn't mean my name's actually
clickbait it might as well be I guess I
didn't really think this food did I
because apparently now everyone's just
gonna keep calling me clickbait even
though my name is in clickbait like for
real guys I don't want to see a single
one of you calling me clickbait in the
comment section okay
my name is moths and 0 rgz boy yay guys
if you're new here and you're already
subscribed subscribe to the morgues
channel not clickbait I'd enjoy that
team malls we're on the road to 3
million subscribers and I need all of
your help to join the family and help me
get there and also guys remember to call
some of the merch it is now on sale the
entire website has been put on sale
loads of things have gone down in price
pull drive pranking everything guys
check the side it's lit and also guys
les chimes my 20,000 likes on this video
and I will actually change my name for
like ever
just smash alike if you don't smash
alike your meaning guys thank you so
much for watching and as always I've
been lures you guys been awesome and
I'll see you in my next video peace
