but Kara the results are in I'm so
nervous to check free to 18% yes excited
do I look excited yeah are you serious
what color do I even go for you've just
dragged me in here I now no longer have
cheese doing hair
I have moldy cheese stirring her guys
today I let my Instagram followers
control my life using polls
I'm handed up doing this and a lot more
crazy store watch till the end of the
video guys
you're in for a banger today now guys
Luda you've been asking me what is the
situation with me and Kara and I
actually haven't told you guys but if
you want me to do a video after this
explain it me and Kara's relationship
then let's get 10,000 likes on the video
and if we get that we will bring you
that video and also if you'd already
subscribe hit that subscribe button so
you don't miss out on that video now go
go go away guys one more thing just
before we get into the video today is
Saturday which means this shiny gold
limited edition merch goes off sale in
one day as soon as the week and this
dogs merch is gone and it will never be
back again but for 1000 of you guys have
taught this mode so far so if you
haven't already got it
join the merch quad right now and don't
miss out on this heat guys link in the
description but yeah let's get started
with this binder guys and let me take
you back to this morning where the
challenge started oh guys kicking this
off with a beverage
now I literally just woke up and I'm
gonna let the insta squad decide if I
get to shower or not today
first choice shower or no shower a 69%
said shower he has
to the best kept some privacy please
oh now you guys know every single day I
rep the merge the comfiest merge out
there is literally all I wear ah however
today I thought I'd leave it up to you
guys to decide if I get to rep some of
my merch or go in some other clothing I
put my story
do I get to rep the merch today and Kara
the results are in
please be s please be as please be as
please be s does that mean I get to 1/2
of the merch and half of something else
yeah you're gonna have to choose which
half yo I'm going for the hoodie bro no
one's taking the hoodie for me guys Cena
has won the topic of clothing unmerge
and all that good stuff
those you guys always asked me in the
conversation when I'm not repping the
merch
what else do I wear so that's why I went
and created an account on 21 bonds which
is an app which basically lets me link
all my items of clothing so you guys can
go and shop the same outfits as me this
is my profile on there so you should
definitely go add me the link is in at
the description below not only is it
cool to see what everybody's wearing but
you can also get some outfit inspiration
so you can obviously one day look has
caused me I'm literally saying that
while wearing a white bathrobe I want
less cool thing about the app if you
load your own outfits and someone buys
something that you're wearing you can
actually make a little bit of money
event you know who doesn't love a little
bit of extra cash so yeah guys the link
to the app is in the description below
oh yeah right now I'm gonna get changed
into the limited edition merch and head
out for the day I'm pretty sure some
exciting stuff is gonna be coming ok
guys time to spice this
video or a little bird I just asked my
Instagram followers should I use these
packing peanuts to prank Kara or nah I
mean I think it's fairly obvious which
one they're gonna put but who knows
let's see prank Keira yes or no 78% said
do it 22 said don't
let's go prank her I need to lay there
the next day prank successful okay guys
now is where the fun begins me and Kara
are going into the city center right now
literally I've got my phone I've got my
camera I've got some money who knows
what's gonna happen here guys let's go
okay so the reason I'm actually here in
Sheffield city center today is because
Kyra is dyeing her hair she's dragged me
out here she forced me to sit and wait
for her but then in the car she said to
me Morgan why don't you die your hair
and how did I reply I said no of course
I'm not gonna do that but wait aren't
you letting your Instagram followers
control your life today and I said yes I
am so guys I just asked my Instagram
followers if they want me to dye my hair
a mystery color obviously I do not want
to do this I like my brown hair I just
got rid of the blonde okay I don't want
to get it back to a different color
again but Kara the results are in
I'm so nervous to check 3 to 80% yes
it's clear guys that there's no way I
can get out of this
so looks like I've got to go dye my hair
if you haven't left the like on this
video yet please go down there and smash
that like boy
guys I'm just walking to the hair place
right now this is actually happening
looks like I'm getting mine done with
Kara oh I didn't sign up for this hey do
I look excited yeah are you serious what
color do I even go for you just dragged
me in here
don't even bother
guys you're about 20 minutes in my hair
has been putting these bloody tinfoil
things I've got this thing moving behind
me which it's pretty cool to be far yeah
this is interesting five minutes later
it's done just waiting for Kara to
finish dyeing her hair right now Ivo
who's the finish mine guys tell me what
you think in the comment section below I
was really really scared going into this
I really did want to do it I think it's
pretty clean it looks quite good but
yeah after this we're gonna go out for
food and I think I may let you guys hit
my meal which is definitely wrong so
before we get into the meal every meal
needs a drink I asked you guys whether I
should have diet coke or lemonade
and I'm about to see which one I'm gonna
be ordering guys I kinda want lemonade
so I'm hoping you picked that one
66% Diet Coke 34 lemonade looks like I'm
getting taiko now here's where things
get a little bit interesting as well as
picking my drink you guys are picking my
entire meal first starter I gave you the
choice of garlic bread pizza or calamari
but the main I gave you the choice of
duct or salmon pasta and the results are
in put my starter I'm having garlic
bread pizza and for my main I'm having
I'm having duck oh my god I wanted the
pasta guys why did you do this to me
do you know what on second thought guys
I think I'm okay with the duck guys the
food was great but now is the not fun
part I put on my story
who pays Kara or mugs and guys of course
the results are in Kara do you think
it's going to be you god it's definitely
gonna be me as in there
80% morgs looks like I'm paying again so
you guys know that I love big balls
my ball mice Kira so you guys know that
I love big balls and I know I noticed
that those these huge force behind me
and I thought why not put on my story
and ask you guys if you want me to jump
on the big balls because I love big
balls and of course 80 percent of you
said jump on the big balls
so Kara are you ready
let's do it
this is kitchen
just don't happening okay okay
this is what I call the mall shop first
to free this this carriers go ahead
fun fact I usually win I'm just letting
him with his channel
you don't even thank you okay so as you
know we got back quite late mom and
Martin are both in bed so I just pull
out two polls on Instagram number one
should I show more my hair now or keep a
secret
an 80% of you said I should show mom my
hair for the first time on camera so I'm
gonna do that but then I also had a
thought seniors I had to clean up all of
these packing peanuts that I put on Kara
earlier on in the video I thought why
not power pole and say do you want me to
put them on mom or Martin and you won't
believe this
guys it was 50% more than 50% Martin so
what does that mean
it means I've got to put them on both of
them so guys this is gonna be a two in
one I'm gonna go in with the peanuts put
them all over them and then we'll get
mom's reaction to my hair but guys she's
asleep and very angry so this is
probably gonna go wrong know if you do
if you
guys I just thought I would you know
soften your sleeping with some comfy
packing peanuts no just go move come on
you hair what do you think it's not
moldy cheese strings whoa comment down
below moldy cheese strings not go away
moldy cheese strings so guys I need your
honest opinions on my new hair I'm
honestly not too sure yeah I don't know
if it's kind of Selden yeah but I mean
it's kind of how it was before but just
a little bit more blended but I think
rather than having cheese strings
I now have moldy cheese strings now if
you're not ready for me on instagram I'm
going for me over on that and comment
down below if you want me to do ain't
another one of these videos cuz I found
it really really fun but yeah guys you
now only have today and tomorrow to cut
the merge as soon as the week ends it is
gone forever and you've missed out guys
time is running out you need to cop some
of this gold merch look at how it shines
bro tell me you don't want that shine in
your life but yeah literally we've had
over 1,000 of you join the Murder Squad
and caught some of this gold merch and I
don't want any more of you to miss out
so remember the link is in the
description below
Gaston with a shiny gold most get a
hoodie get a t-shirt get a backpack to
get some joggers bro wrap the entire
outfit imagine you roll up to your
friend's house you reppin the whole fit
they're gonna be so jealous get again
get the outfit I know guys if you're not
already subscribed go down there
subscribe on and let's try and get
10,000 likes on this video because it
was a bangle right thank you so much for
watching and as always I've been more
you guys been awesome and I'll see you
in my next video peace out
