we just turned an iPhone X into a rubber
band ball cheese grater
cheese grater are you sure
well there will be like merch in the
fridge Martin the merch is that hot I
needed to cool it down bro
way mine give me a countdown real quick
that's better
not today you guys we are going to be
doing a crazy video involving the
contents in this bad whoa buddy
was that bug in the freezer bro this one
is extra high heat cooling down even
more guys check this out
and I'm not talking about the bye
it's an earthquake guys one thousand
elastic bands and today I'm going to be
using all these elastic bands to tell my
ex-girlfriends phone into a rubber band
boom no guys I have a little bit of an
announcement to make
boys and girls if we smash 10,000 likes
on this video then in my next video
I am going to dye my hair into a crazy
color that I haven't dyed it before boys
and girls this is not a fake this is not
a joke if we get 10k likes on this video
my hair is gonna be going a different
color and it's gonna look stupid so
smash that subscribe button if you so
you're ready to see my hair go typical
and me bitch you Billy and also guys if
you haven't already called some of my
limited edition merch you are running
out of time guys this stuff goes off
sale at the end of the week forever
so if you don't get some by the end of
the week you'll never be able to get
yourself some shiny gold MD said merch
we've got hoodies
we've got chokers we've got backpacks
we've got t-shirts we've got everything
in this new merch only they will provide
more days guys get them right now before
it's gone forever this is the perfect
time to join the most one ok boys and
girls it is time we begin stage one of
the prime retrieve the phone Keira is in
my bedroom right now with her phone and
me mulleted have put together a master
plan to go
I'm gonna hide in one of the bedrooms
next to mine
Martinez gonna be downstairs and he's
gonna call Kerry down to help him with
the microwave then while she's down here
Martin's gonna distract her and I'm
gonna go in the room and retrieve the
phone boys and girls let's do this I've
got another camera hey guys I'm gonna go
upstairs and get settled now Martin show
her in about a minute okay let's do it
bro go for it
yeah no microwave actually snowing in
micro that's what probably this is
microwave oven okay guys I haven't got
long now I have not got long
I don't know how am I gonna distract
AFOL I'm in the room right now is an
absolute tip it's gotta be on there it's
part of me here somewhere
it's gotta be a sigh wait wait wait wait
wait wait wait wait wait yeah oh okay we
got it we got the phone we got the phone
we got the phone okay I've got to put it
back I was I've gotta put it back how it
was come on I gotta be quick
because the quiz is gonna be quick it's
gonna be quick okay so we've got the
phone as you can see we've got all the
elastic bands but Martin I think we
could do with a little of help you know
what Martin like let's try it let's clap
our hands on three and you never know
maybe that person will teleport here are
you ready three two one so basically mum
what's going down is we've got carers
phone here and we've got a load of
elastic bands and what we're gonna do is
wrap their phone in elastic bands to
make an elastic band ball are you in but
just before we start I think there's
something we do need to do to Kara's
iphone who drive focus is also available
at Moscow so guys are you ready
let's go
no now that we've got them all ready do
you want to kick us up and do the first
one yeah yeah sorry men on the phone
okay let's start with these ones here
very good well let's start with the
white ones here we go kick it off we
just called the emergency services
Oh your Joe I mean okay so we're gonna
have to turn off the phone
let's try again guys we did what we had
to do when we wrap the phone in tissue
paper board spies you can see you guys
there is a phone in there
we're not this is actually going down
okay fine let's go hello hello I'm sorry
my child I do apologize thank you bye
bye guys what the hell do we do take the
battery out we come out the sim will you
take the SIM out of a phone we can do
that now okay take number four this time
we've taken the SIM card out turned it
off and wrapped in tissue so let's try
this again fourth time on
okay guys 10 more minutes later 30
minutes in total my what were you doing
then
exercising chest exercises we've run
into a major problem we have run out of
cord elastic bands guys this is what
we've got pretty impressive as you can
see it's starting to form shape and this
would be a knot but me and mob are gonna
go out and try and hunt down more rubber
bands while marking space here and
carries on with the phone guys Burnham
I'm gonna try and do this as quick as
possible but it is it tesco round the
corner so we're gonna go there as quick
as possible to try and find some older
bands what the guys this is looking
crazy bloom listen to the mission in
weak and elastic bands they need to be
cool and then our boys and girls were
inside and check this out rubber band
ball one two three four four four four
boys and girls for more on the band
balls
going into the bag boys and girls we are
back now from Tesco and Sainsbury's and
check this out yeah rubberband exploiter
also on side now the bag was pretty cool
it held them at one link in the
description five days left so basically
guys we've got all these we're gonna get
started with the food guys this is
looking like right now it's pretty large
but it's not quite a circle yeah so
we're gonna get all these cold lasting
fans on it and we're gonna finish off
carrots phone cuz she ain't gonna win oh
my goodness guys we've got all the
elastic bands ready Martin is carrying
on guys we're gonna do this but mine
yeah we're gonna be quick five minutes
later guys oh my god five minutes later
we have one more elastic band ready to
put on this thing before we've completed
it
we just turned an iPhone into a rubber
ball we are a rubber by the iPhone at
bull I think my gear is what we thought
she's gonna be bouncing off the walls
guys honestly this took us over one hour
to make if you haven't smash that like
button and subscribe jab you just mean
okay if you like it your meaning okay
you mean it give us a like we were
sweating on the ground
guys this time would come up now and
show Karen what we have done guys let's
see it what karat is up to she's
upstairs right now mom see we should do
it come on let's get let's get let's
kill let's go guys
hey also you want a new video 9 Kira
by any chance have you maybe noticed
that you've been missing something for
about an hour
what I do with your phone no nothing
really I think every mom I haven't you
know what Kara I'll bring it to your
phone okay in a good old game of hot or
cold okay okay you getting warmer
getting warmer okay freezing she's
really emotional
listen she's getting older she's getting
older she's getting hotter kara you get
hotter you can pop you get hot okay Gary
get hot you getting really hot boiling
your phone
kara is inside there you go are you
barking at you've broken I haven't you
know God if I know you're serious moment
guys serious moment I'm actually been
married now we literally have no clue if
it's broken or not but just saying just
listen to me doing one positive to this
entire thing
great room people care might I just have
a genius idea
cheese
cool cool killer cheese grated cheese
guys real quick before will if the phone
is broken or not everybody leave a
comment down below saying if you think
the phone will survive or if it is
broken what do you think yeah maybe you
might want to actually keep it like this
because Kyra it makes it the focus guys
literally 20 minutes later and she's
barely even got to the white layer yet
Kiera Doyle guys if it's broken
seriously I was actually planning on
breaking it I'm gonna say now if it is
broken I was not planning on breaking it
but if it is broken what can I do I
guess I'm very nervous
guys I am literally killing myself right
now
it's not even my phone but you know I
don't want it to be broken either okay
but you never know it may be too late
but you see are you serious you take
away from you back it off you're nothing
you back and then you break it if they
completely destroyed I'm sure I hit
someone it's like
well I guess it kind of a backfired yeah
guys this video cost me a lot of money
please subscribe and cop some of the
gold limited edition mg Zed merch guys I
literally need you to please break in
the tele the phone guys as always I've
been morgues you guys have been awesome
caught some of the limited edition merch
before it's gone in five days subscribe
to the channel if you're new I'll see
you in the next video
