you all may be thinking boss what can
you do against chaos I will do you guys
know I've been training I don't have to
do this book you ready - I'm feeling
good today
like today he's just doing great so far
look at this I'm repping the brand new
merch like everything's just going crazy
no I don't think you guys have been
tweeting me asking me you know are you
gonna be watching the show well I ksi by
can you do a reaction to it and
originally I was like yo do I really
need to do a video on this and you know
I'm probably the last person you expect
to be a boxing enthusiast but you guys
would be surprised well did you guys
know I did jujitsu in year 7 admittedly
I never managed to get past the white
belt but you know I'm still a jujitsu
master and if that wasn't enough so
there's no one better to give you their
opinion for me and as well as that guys
you know I don't need to brag or
anything before we start let me take you
through my predictions okay now for the
main fight ki jo well a lot of people go
with case I a lot of people go with well
oh who do I think is gonna win you ask
neither of them
I think Guzan Daniel is gonna run in and
cash in his Money in the Bank contract
baby Way is the Money in the Bank
contract in boxing so yeah guys get
ready for an expert's review on the care
sighs oh well but guys before we start
today is day two of the limited edition
merge being available over 250 you guys
join the merge squad only six days left
to cop some of this merch before it's
gone forever link in the description but
guys let's get started with an expert
review on ksi versus Joe as you can see
his much place looking like Buddy Conor
McGregor and then as you can see has a
nice um good look you like the bloody
Undertaker no as you can see if we take
a second to look at the physiques here I
mean this just a just a slight
difference it reminds me of in school
when they did the one year seven let's
grow up to the year 11 and you know
usually that doesn't turn out very good
but you've got to give him a chance here
we go here we go here we go there oh
gosh oh oh
paid him paid him for the one since free
yo one that happened Mike's was never
covered for the free count this is an
outrage
okay my analysis for the first fire
firstly his shoulders weren't on the map
there was never a freakout and to be
honest why didn't my Splott a steel
chair we'll never know
okay next we have jmx versus Mike Fox
and um yeah now if we look at this
picture you may be thinking that's just
JMX but I don't see Jerry max I see
flipping John Cena in his prime ok let's
take a look at both of them
Brad you know what when Rey Mysterio
entered the Royal Rumble nobody thought
he was gonna win it
you know what I'll go with my fault he's
got this aroma body shot my chair Maxie
that is bully Union is believe me I
might as in the cause you know what
I'm changing my prediction J max has got
this it's like the way this office until
he's gone
no I told you I was a wrestling expert I
predicted that one from the star now
time for my analysis on that five you
know what I've been thinking about it
for a while and I've came to the
conclusion that if they were wearing the
new limited edition ng Zed gold merch
since this is so thick and so high
quality they would have taken less
impact on the hips and therefore been
able to go longer molar the story
GoGet UMG's had merged old available for
one weak link in the description okay
this is where it all gets real is time
for the main event the main event of
course for this show is K s ah
versus Joe boys and girls now what I
want you to do is comment down below who
you thought was gonna win I've watched
it yeah but I know you guys will have so
comment down below who you think was
going to win and comment down below who
actually wore bull ladies and gentlemen
I'm about to find out right now but guys
remember my prediction okay I'm
expecting a goose on
your money in the bank cash in here or
maybe just imagine this case I and Joe
well up they're both going nuts it is
dead even and then the Weiss go out
completely and then imagine and it was
so guys it's bad yes I can't believe it
he's doing to the edge of the ring he's
looking for him he's looking round and
then I don't know where Joe well it
comes in smashes it down bro
the amount of things that could happen
in this fight I don't know I don't know
who's gonna win that let's just get
started I don't want to wait any longer
can looks like the Red Power Ranger I
mean it looks pretty cool I guess I mean
who knows if it was me you guys know I'd
be coming out in the goal mg said merge
though link in the description so here
comes ksi oh god no this is about to get
flipping real so they're both in the
ring just about to stop but I've just
noticed something which is a little bit
bizarre it seems like ksi cuz actually
came to the ring in a skirt a flippin
skirt now you guys are probably
wondering why scare Cyrus curve and
because I'm such an expert I'm gonna
tell you ksi is in a skirt because he's
trying to trick joh into thinking that
he is a female so then Jo will go easy
on him case I brought dice some
next-level strategy right there yo is
about to start
I'm feeling like right now everybody are
you feeling I'm let's let me go oh my
gosh Oh yo yo yo Jeff what's going on
what's going on where's punches where's
the spear okay or nowhere
you guys are probably wanting to you
know here my expertise on this strategy
I think Joe is trying to make case I
feel on top trying to feel comfortable
hitting them punches and then I don't
know where
oh man this is getting serious this is
getting serious
I can feel something cumin oh yeah this
is no joke good luck Oh
bodyslam Bonnie sabe don't they just say
that yes I just flippin body slammed him
to the mat that's ridiculous
why is the referee breaking the month I
was a perfectly legal challenge does
this guy not watch this poor you'll out
the body some people there's nothing
wrong with that
this leper is corrupt okay with three
rounds into the fight Joe isn't looking
too good I've got feeling someone's
gonna come in distract ASI and then
Joella okay here we go here we go okay
so with the kansai with the wind
wait wait wait wait wait wait wait look
at that crowd right there no I can see
mini mentor who knows maybe maybe maybe
goosh on Daniel is waiting with his
Money in the Bank contract he's gonna
run him through the crowd oh my gosh
or maybe maybe PewDiePie is gonna play
coop on the screen what's gonna happen
wait wait wait well why isn't he cashing
in the Money in the Bank contract now
the fight has just finished
we've got ksi here on the interview
let's see what he's got to say oh it's
not this boat right now if any youtuber
wants it you can come get it any
youtuber wants it you can get
okay yes I you know that stands for
crazy stupid idiot Morgan yeah crazy
that's the see you all may be thinking
what can you do against Tenace I will
just know I've been trained I don't have
to do that school - yeah not only am i a
dominant physical specimen I have
knowledge
I'm the intelligence Tegrity integrity
you may not take me seriously right now
papa
i humiliated this specimen in a good
old-fashioned arm-wrestle you will then
read to war and also if you didn't
believe me from the hall Messel let me
show you my pushup
the announcement ksi I challenged you to
a party um Morgan you can't do that what
do you mean did you see what he did
he'll kill you look II so screwy and you
know not only will he kill you and burn
your beautiful girlie face and your
features he he will also kill your
channel yeah it all series this vote
huge respect to everybody that was
involved in the fight it's cool to see
youtubers going out trying new things
doing new things and I seriously watch
them had a lot of fun watching it - guys
if you use my channel remember to go
down there smash that subscribe button
and also if you leave a like on the
video that would be amazing as well
thank you all so so so so so much for
watching and I will see you guys in my
next video
peace out
