poor boys and girls after 30 days of
dieting quite a bit of exercise won't
stress actually moving house and
everything but getting through it and
I'll show you the 30 day pictures boys
and girls I'm about to lose a lot of
weight
the mum boobs are going bro okay okay
this is probably the weirdest start or
weight loss video like ever oh yeah guys
today essentially what I'm gonna be
doing is challenging myself to see how
much weight I can lose in a short period
of time now the date right now is the
first of January 2018 I have no clue
when you're watching this but in this
video essentially I'm gonna be seen how
much weight I can lose set myself goals
now see if I can achieve them and yeah
this is unlike anything I've ever done
before so remember if you're new to go
down there smash that subscribe button
like the video and yeah guys let's get
started so to fill you guys in on a
little bit a back story I used to be
like really overweight here's a picture
of me back in the day when I was like
really overweight I was like no one as
fat morgg's not the best time in my life
then I walked all the way got super fit
and then ended up looking like this this
is kind of me in like my prime and then
over the 2017 Christmas period I let
myself go a little bit I'm always
wondered you know why if I put on loads
away and then just challenge myself to
see how quickly I can lose it all on
camera documented for YouTube so yes I
am filming this literally before I've
even started losing weight which means
there's a big chance that I could
completely move myself off in front of
all you and not be able to do it but I
believe in myself I've got the nerve
ation I've got the drive and I'm
confident that I can do this now to fill
you guys in basically right now this is
why I look like without a shirt here's a
few pictures first thing I want to say
is in no way am I trying to say why look
like right now is really bad trust me
I've been in worse shape so many more
times in my life it's not like I'm
telling myself I need to lose the way
it's just like
- I've been noticing my skin's getting a
little bit worse I'm getting a little
bit more ill so I thought you know why
not do this on camera document it for
you guys and take you through every step
of my weight-loss journey
I'm largely sure how much I weigh I
should probably get a find out hold doll
- give me a give me a second well I'll
go check it's in the bathroom which is
around the corner
okay guys excuse what I'm wearing I've
got the scale wow that's crazy I am
shocked
I actually weigh 14 stone right now
however when I was really fit in the
picture I showed you earlier I weighed
about 12 stone then and I was only about
six foot one then so that's quite a
significant increase in weight so right
now I'm currently 14 stone going into
this challenge I've lost weight before I
know how to do it I know what's the best
way to do it I'm gonna be hopefully
updating you guys frequently on this but
my goals are I want to be back to 12
stone back to where I feel comfortable
but where I know I can be by February
okay I'm giving myself a move that is
not a lot of time obviously I'm not
gonna do anything too dramatic so if it
just doesn't drop off that quick it just
doesn't drop off that quick sometimes
that's how it works I've lost weight
enough times to know the ins and outs
about it and I won't go over the limit
just for this I'll just do what I feel
is necessary but guys honestly I need
every single one of you to go down there
and drop a like on this video I need
some good look from you guys and also
guys if you could subscribe to the
channel that would mean absolutely just
I can't even describe how much that
would mean to me this video is being
filmed over a month period I'm putting
it a lot of effort in this video hope
you guys appreciate it I hope you enjoy
hope if in you you go down there and
subscribe to the channel and guys
finally I want you to comment down below
your predictions on what you think is
going to happen let's flip and do this
let's lose some weight
whoa a cool transition remember the date
is currently the 7th of January which
means I've been going at this for almost
a week now and I say almost
after I filmed that clip I checked the
day and it wasn't the 1st of January it
was a second and the day before I
started this I remember I had like free
takeaways or something so that's why I
pointed out when the first week of this
challenge is actually gone surprisingly
well I remember after I finished filming
my first clip I actually had to think
about the amount of time I've got to
actually lose the way I gave myself 30
days which ain't a long fandom and it
took me like four months to actually
pawned away but guys it's all confidence
over here boots and house fun this week
I've been eating actually really healthy
doing quite a lot of exercise however I
did go away to London this week we
actually proved quite tricky
because you know I was getting food from
my restaurants and like takeaways and
stuff and it's hard to find the healthy
stuff however I did have a salad and
some other decent food I was drinking
quite a lot by Alex moves and stuff so
it wasn't like bad but it's actually
surprising to me how much of a
difference I can actually see already
not too much difference around my body
I've just got a little bit kind of
slimmer but my face I don't know if you
can notice guys but it genuinely looks
like a hell of a lot more defined I
don't know if that's just me obviously I
looked myself every day so I doubt it is
and I just think I look a lot more like
defined in like I'm going most of my
jawline back like seriously look about
you'll tell me you you can't see a
difference now let's get a picture from
the first clip now let's get a picture
now I'm seen improvement about in mind
we are literally six days in and also I
did weigh myself while I was at the
hotel in London about five days in and
I've actually lost about four pounds
almost half a stone how crazy is now so
yeah this is the first full day is going
good guys I'm happy to say okay guys
it's the 11th of January right now I've
had a helical that's basically all this
happened we had the reason I'm doing
this is because guys we ran into the
first problem ah obviously if you
subscribe to my channel if you're not
what the hell you doing go down there
and smash the subscriber but if you
popped emotes already you know that I do
love fast food challenges why I like see
how much McDonald's I can eat and stuff
like that now I did it just
ain't no the McDonald's challenge guys
as I said there's nothing I can really
do about these they just kind of have to
happen because obviously I'm doing this
for videos and I can't really just like
not do them they're all that videos I do
on my channel and stuff but yeah it was
a McDonald's breakfast challenge I ended
up being one like sausage and egg
McMuffin I had like a hash brown and
stuff but yeah apart from that guys that
diet has been spawned not a single
takeaway which is cool I've been having
a lot of Starbucks but that just kind of
drinks I don't think they're not bad
looking good though guys my face feels a
lot more skinny I've kind of dropped
most of the fat my face I've got a
little bit more to lose off the belly
but progress is being made guys I'm
actually really shocked and we're only
11 days into so it's going good
guys the date is currently the 15th of
January we are now officially half way
through this challenge and I'm still
going strong so I've had a friend of
mine for these last few days so that
basically means that it's been a little
bit harder to keep the diet going and
keep the exercise or Medina has been
pretty decent
I usually just stick to like salmon
every day I'll have a more like in-depth
look at my actual meals and everything
towards the end of the video well guys I
basically just did a run on the
treadmill if you don't know LA Times
they have a treadmill in my house which
is pretty cool I bought this ages ago
when I was trying to lose weight in the
past I did on my run climb up here but
it just reset for some reason but
basically at it's 15 minutes burned
about 300 calories and I ran about ten
to eleven miles per hour throughout the
run now one of my strongest points is
I'm actually really really good over in
I've got dope stabbing her I really
enjoy it too
so usually whenever don't wear the
exercise I come in here and have a road
and basically I just walk up stairs to
get my camera
my legs genuinely hurt that's usually
how I track if if I've worked hard
because when I walk back upstairs
my legs usually ache but yeah this is
now like my sick actual run on the
treadmill of January I've done a lot of
exercise outside as well but yeah I know
that one dog I thought update you guys
we're now halfway through and I think
it's going pretty well hey guys it's day
20 free right now not the best news
since the last clip I haven't put on any
weight but I haven't really lost any
either which ain't the best news I've
had a friend over means that my eaten
hasn't exactly been great I haven't been
having like much bad food I've had a few
like star boxers and stop-start
Starbucks's but I just haven't been
doing like as much exercise as I was at
the start of the month
however Cara's leaving me in like a day
which I'm like really happy about
because it means I can get back on the
grind you feel me but yeah I'm gonna get
back on track pretty soon I'm also
moving house I'm actually gonna move
house in the middle of this entire video
so yeah that's not actually helping but
it's not bad news guys I'm doing okay
I'm doing pretty good
so guys this is probably gonna be the
biggest update so far of the video not
the weight loss the fact that I'm now in
a new house you guys will have obviously
seen the videos I picked a weird month
to do this challenge and so much has
happened even moving house like you guys
are probably gonna be a bit confused
apart from that guys these past few days
have been pretty good I've been sticking
to a fairly strict diet of salmon I've
been doing quite a bit of exercise
mainly football literally every night
I've just been eating salmon with jacket
potato and some light salad however
obviously with moving house over these
past few days specifically it's been a
lot of you to keep up the diet as
there's just been stuff everywhere and
obviously we've been again a few
takeaways and stuff however I haven't
been like picking out too much I'm still
doing pretty good today is actually the
26 right now so not long left of this
challenge I'm gonna as I said try and
finish strong hopefully get a little bit
more exercise keep the dialog and then
at the first of February we can sit down
and see how much
we have made but I'm feeling pretty damn
good okay boys and girls it is now the
31st I just got out of the shower came
down here sell this camera and boys it
though it has been show up too so yeah I
just got showered came down here set the
camera up sat down and boys and girls I
can confirm that it is good news is good
news
I think for the most part I I succeeded
now I just went and took a full new
batch of photos and I'll show you them
right now but first let's take a look at
the photos from day one so here we've
got the front pick as you can see not in
too great a lot flood from the belly
here's the side pick and me still an
angle away you can really see you know
the size of the belly and of course the
man boobs who can who can forget those
and then finally you've got this pic
from the back which actually surprised
me the most when I took the first pitch
because on that one you can really see
like my back hasn't been that fat and I
was very long time actually gave me fur
backs to like ages ago when I was like
really really overweight because like
that's how my back used to look put boys
and girls
after 30 days of dieting climate of
exercise lots of stress actually moving
house and everything but getting through
it I'll now show you the 30 day pictures
so what I'm gonna do I'm going to put
the old picture on one side of the
screen and the new one on the other so
let's start with the back picture there
we go
as you can see quite a lot of
improvement I think see a lot of fires
going around the family I've spilled a
little bit below finals without of
course the last bits of fat you lose but
for the most part I can see a lot of
improvement there definitely a lot more
skinny I've dropped a lot of weight from
the back but let's take a look now at
least side pictures there we go guys 50
days later I didn't tell looking pretty
fresh I still haven't quite reached the
ABS level yet but with me if I want to
go I basically have to have like 0% body
fat because my muscles are very big as
I'm sure you're aware I don't finally
guys the big reveal is these bro
pictures as you can tell in my eyes I
can see a lot of improvement there is a
little bit more defined lost a lot of
the actual quad I'm looking kind of now
at the point where I'm happy like I'm
not like struggling to squeeze into
clothes and stuff
Boswell's die guys I actually weighed
myself and I ended up dropping 1.3
stones like 14 pounds I don't know what
is in kilograms someone comment down
below what is in kilograms more muscle
way in scale you can get in there nany
lost way no icon
it's a weighting scale I'll be in it
sylia honestly guys it's been a lot
harder than I expected this 30 days
mainly just because halfway through I
just had to literally new house and you
guys have moved fast before now that
when you move house there's a lot less
time for cooking an autumn or stress
yeah managed to do pretty good for you
the final stretch I can't do it a lot of
exercise like football going for walks
and stuff but the one problem was when
we moved house my treadmill has to be
taken apart and I literally just go back
back up now so not the best time in but
I am gonna still
with the weight loss I definitely took a
few more pounds try and get rid of the
love handles treat the weight loss bride
never stop so yet not only wouldn't you
through a few specific things I did
through this 30-day this isn't going to
be like a detailed weight-loss plan
video nowadays will tell you a few
things I did the main forms of exercise
were wound on the treadmill I think it
did that about six or seven times and
playing football I probably did about
another six or seven times as well as
that obviously a lot of walking I mean
that this house is pretty bigger from
the turn on quite a bit calories to walk
around this walking dog walking we all
know more doesn't do that that would
actually would've me but maybe I might
actually walk the dogs have a very
simple diet it works for me so I just
kind of keep doing it I literally I'm in
love with salmon salmon has a
relationship we're about to get married
mom tell him about my portion size when
I was really fat when I was fat hogs
Marcy I've ever taken you to KFC and
wanting like two meals you go you'd have
like a large meal and then you'd cry and
scream at me Inlet if I do buy you like
extra portions of popcorn chicken and
things well and then you blame me but
you used to actually cry and scream for
more I that's not enough for me I want
more guys at least we know or hopefully
I'll never be as bad as I was then
but yeah guys this is me
a really different video I don't do
these weight-loss videos often but this
was actually really fun experiment I -
it took 14 pounds which is really really
good in 30 days
I might also do that while moving house
which is pretty cool but yeah guys this
video literally took me 30 days to make
so if you could leave alive from the
video let's try and get like 30k lights
for the 30 days and also guys if you
don't really subscribe remember to go
down there and smash that subscribe
button to join team bugs and also if not
me to do any other one of these weight
loss videos where I maybe see how much
weight I can lose in like two months or
give you like a detailed video of how
you can lose weight if maybe you want to
it Robins videos comment down below and
remember to smash that like button but
yeah guys I've been bold hopefully you
guys will stop calling me fat now you
guys have been awesome and I'll see you
in my next video peace out
