this time so Marty do you think the now
Morgan's law is very first house and
it's so beautiful
they'll stop doing all these crazy silly
challenges and making a mess everywhere
so you could be I could be a fresh start
nice big house and it'll be ours keep it
clean
yeah really high hopes that there'll be
no more silly challenges and no more
mess to clean oh hello and welcome back
to another video as you guys know today
we are going to be making the world's
largest white cream and what we see in
the last video I couldn't find the white
cream egg but it did end up on Martin's
head roll the clip
but wait Martin there's more Wow
today our DIY vlogs are making my very
own white cream egg but instead of
making a small one I'm going to be
making a giant one guys and you're new
to the channel remember to get out there
that subscribe button we knew these
crazy challenges all the time so
remember if you'd already subscribe you
miss it out bro and also I don't know
what you guys want me to make next maybe
a giant Snickers bar or a giant mouse
bar
comment down below what giant chocolate
I should make next but today of course
we're doing the white creme at number
four again start with a video let me
tell you guys back to today right Manuel
went to the shop to get all the
ingredients for the white cream and okay
boys and girls here's the plan right now
we are outside of Tesco and we need to
go in and get enough supplies to make a
giant cream egg a giant white cream egg
because you know what they say if you
can't find the white cream egg why not
make your own
well guys one thing before we go in I
want you guys to comment down below if
you've tried to find the white cream egg
yet and also if you leave a like on this
video you will get better look and I
guarantee you will find the white cream
egg in your next cream egg but more are
you ready ready let's go okay boys and
girls we found stop number water the
icing sugar now mom we have to fill the
entire thing with ice and sugar so how
much do you think I think just that
small bag yeah one by a small one yeah
okay let's just go just get one bag okay
yes I know
No another one another one let's go whoo
okay boys and girls we weren't planning
on this but we've just looked at these
Easter egg sections and there's
literally a giant cream egg easter egg
now obviously this is a lot smaller than
what we wanted to make but I was
thinking what if maybe we bought a few
of these and then used the wrapper this
round this egg on our custom cream egg
what do you think it's gotta be worth
for girl right okay we've just found the
white chocolate and check this out we've
cleared out the entire
we've got 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13
bars of white chocolate Morgan I'm
searching troop I'm really proud of you
for what I don't know you could count to
Webster that's amazing world I could get
like 20 okay guys we are back from the
shop right now I'm back we've got loads
of white chocolate hair loads of icing
sugar and we're going to make the
world's largest cream and but I think I
should maybe get a helper to help you
with this because I don't know if I'm
gonna be able to do it all myself mom we
need your help for a DIY do you know
what that means mom
it means a lot more mess a lot more
cleaning up and a lot more chocolate so
long I leave for the first step we need
to melt the white chocolate okay should
we don't do that in a bowl of microwave
I say we do it in a pot okay boys and
girls
Isaac Intel we've got the pan ready and
we've got all the chocolate way starting
chocolate number one into the pan that's
the fire but it's all guys I think right
guys the sword is full I think we're
gonna have to do hard now and then half
after don't play with fire I am a
trained professional is a spoon guys
really soon
bringing out some limited-edition
energies that merge however it's going
to be gold I'm gonna keep you guys
updated we'll take my word save up your
money because it's coming soon and it's
gonna be limited edition so you guys are
definitely we're gonna want to get
something but I say we go and see how
mom's doing oh I think she's eating it
just got in your hair okay guys as you
can tell we now have two tins coated in
tin foil and of course two jobs filled
with white chocolate oh my goodness mom
do you know what this is doing on that
yeah guys we are about to kill these
things in white chocolate mom has just
started guys so I think in town she's
smothering inheres in the white
chocolate and ice basically what we'd
love to do is go to kill her Hobbs in
white chocolate and then we'll have two
halves to the cream eggs made out of
white chocolate
and I'm not waiting football I'm gonna
put all of this on I'm not wasting time
Oh Mike with this move careful also
though guys I can't wait until we have
them ready I am so excited are you
really excited excited excited excited
the old mom is a comedy genius over
there mom that joke was excellent
really yeah I was just like that guy's
ten minutes later we have coated our
bowls in white chocolate they're
actually setting really really fast but
wait wait wait wait wait push them
together once I look like it looks like
a bomb tada - bull cheese so the next
steps guys we do need to let these
harden all the way so we're going to get
them in the fridge and then after that
we're gonna get out of the bowls and
we're gonna move on to step two which is
making the inside for these creme eggs
and obviously out of the icing sugar
that's gonna be amazing guys but we've
completed set up hopefully it keeps
working from here hopefully we don't
drop them on hopefully they don't break
guys work about you where would you get
started with the insides the next day
okay boys and girls it is the next day
right now as you can tell we now have to
work hard white chocolate shells
I guess I'm so excited yeah mom it's a
daily thing you've got to start with
these outside food jokes I can't think
of another one anyway boys and girls
we've got to do right now he's basically
try and remove these from the bowl so
mum any idea how we're gonna do this
it's gonna be tricky and if you break
yours and I don't break mine very angry
can you do yours everybody go down down
and smash that live on right now we need
both halves to do this we need all of
your good luck smash that like button
guys mum do you think we should try to
make shells and now Tim boil so we just
have the white chocolate shells
you better not flip it break it be as
careful treat it like it's your child
treat it like it's now okay don't treat
it like that so as you can see guys our
shell is now perfect but there is still
more we've got to do we have to make the
inside
so obviously what we've done is we went
and bought absolutely loads of icing
sugar which we're going to use for the
insides of the cream egg more you ready
let's get started on the inside okay no
idea what
what do I do Oh
oh okay I'm dueling oh my gosh oh my
gosh
yo my how good does this look Kuwait's
taste it
who's your enemy please maybe we might
be like try a little bit call me just a
little bit okay guys we've got the first
two lots of icing sugar right now as you
can see it's super quick super gooey and
we're about to get this inside of the
first half of the light we make my ready
we are gonna fill all of this cream egg
oh my goodness I cannot believe this
this is so cool Wow am I the only one
that's worried I exploded and exploded
oh my gosh no no I was just gonna say oh
my gosh no together oh my gosh
keep it like that when I guys I was
literally about to say to you I worried
that it might explode I didn't literally
explode
hopefully I was telling you that it
might explode how we got a slow-mo
replay of the explosion real quick
technically it's still a white cream egg
yes it is a trapped white cream egg so
we may as well get the yolk and just
complete it what you say well why not
train we can still get you thousand
plans forever no no no guys for the
second part we're gonna go with a little
bit different strategy we're gonna try
and do all the icing sugar bit balls so
that we can quickly fill the chocolate
shell with it I'm one of those can
obviously hold it together maybe help it
out a little bit now guys hard number
one was obviously a bit of a fail so I
need every single one of you to go down
below and smash that like button ticket
was all the good luck we can get because
if bail pass/fail then it won't be very
good I'm Logan fail another challenge no
don't say that yeah still no chance oh
my goodness guys I can't even start
explaining how nervous I am to you guys
but we've got the second channel I hear
loads and loads more icing sugar
we've got more holding it together and
guys rig
try and do it for the second time what
the bola I thought I'll make this one a
little bit more crazy and add in some
normal cremates into the mix just put a
bit there so that maybe if it does
actually work we'll be able to dig down
in and find some normal cream eggs how
doe would that be but if you look like
this guys you can actually see how big
is compared to a normal serum and it's
absolutely huge
okay then boys and girls the moment you
have all been waiting for
should we do it mom she would do it -
really now your time is running out
we're gonna have to try and do this as
quick as possible there okay okay okay
number one is called the water so number
one is a success I'm just gonna move
straight on here to number two let's see
okay to do this point
oh look we're gonna do it and when you
get show me quick quick get ready get
ready get ready if we got a picture of
it then we do that hold it make sure to
the brain to the break everyone
oh no do not let me up this time well
now just a finishing touch mumu mumu
hold on hold on before league angry I've
got something I think I can change is
this the so treatment I'm gonna get all
my loot as I move into your house well
guys this is the aftermath of the giant
DIY white cream egg it's a little bit of
a disaster we have chocolate absolutely
everywhere all over the new house and I
have absolutely no clue how we could
label we yeah might help you please help
me know well guys another DIY another
it seems like every time we do a DIY
bender central failing I don't think any
of them I'll fail as bad as this one has
I mean seriously I am Flint with no clue
how I'm gonna so guys if you don't leave
like this video after the amount of mass
I optically mow berm please all of you
it's the smash that like button if
you're new and how gnarly remember to go
down there and smash that subscribe
button because I do crazy stuff like
this all the time and it is not
subscribed you're missing on also guys
new limited edition dolls merch is going
to be dropping this Saturday guys so
write that down in your notes telling
parents it is gonna be wet and it's
gonna be limited edition so there's not
gonna be much available guys as always
you guys awesome and I'll see you in my
next video peace out
