two years ago I was lonely depressed and
I didn't have a clue what the hell I
wanted to do with my life I was a kid
with a dream and that was it
just a dream and then I decided to
dedicate my life to making that dream
come true it was never really my dream
to be rich or famous or anything like
that I just wanted to be able to do why
I love every single day of my life
and why love is YouTube to me this is
more than just the house this isn't my
house guys this is our house
t-mod this is a new space where we're
free to do whatever we want make the
craziest videos the craziest challenges
I don't want this to just feel like it's
me moving house guys this is our
adventure this is a new step in all of
our lives and this house kind of
represents a new step in the adventure
and a new step in all of our journey
what makes this entire experience really
crazy for me is that as I was growing up
a lot of people told me that I was never
going to be able to do while of every
day and never be able to achieve my
dream of being a youtuber and what sucks
the most is that at times I believed
them I was like no I'm never gonna be
able to do this and it's almost like a
gave up it's important to show
resiliency and be strong throughout your
life there's always gonna be haters and
people are always gonna try and bring
you down and it's most important that
you rise above it and if I hadn't
I wouldn't be where I am today so
hopefully my story and this achievement
inspires all of team bugs to follow all
of your dreams whether it's being a
youtuber or whether it's being a singer
or a football or anything now guys I am
gonna give you a full house tour of the
new house in this video but just before
we do that I want to take you back to
earlier today when we said goodbye to
the old house
ladies and gentlemen boys and dogs boys
and dogs yeah oh and girls girls too
today is the day and oh my goodness I'm
freaking out a little bit excited Bruno
are you excited mine are you excited
not sure why everybody's speaking in
subtitles but let me show you around the
house and show you what's going on check
this out guys this is what's left of my
bedroom the desk is gone the bedside
tables gone little E's gone no wait wait
wait no it hasn't yeah soon I'll be gone
mom do you think it's time to go it's
time to go
so mom two things you get started I
think we should definitely get started
yeah Oh what oh you even have to do a
long jump over it okay it's just so long
you can do that
oh you didn't make it - ladies and
gentlemen the first few as you can see
it's just like a chill room no I was
thinking guys you know do we really need
this room Weiss is gonna bring to the
channel and then I had a thought of
something we could do to this room to
make it even more epic ah a mom's room a
mom's room I can bring my knitting in
and all my books let my CDs I hate to
break it to mom but I don't think I
don't wants to see that I hope everybody
wants me to make this room into a
nursery Oh enough my merch in it as well
of course guys this into our very own
merch room then remember smash a like on
the video and put it down below
okay moving forward with the tour I'm
walking backwards and I'm not really
sure where I'm going but guys we are
going into the main room right now when
were song no you can keep going you've
got lower yeah yeah you've got loads of
room Morgan you've got just keep oh
sorry Morgan
this is know you've been on the floor
twice already
okay so let's move over here to the
kitchen if you guys love my DIY
challenge videos you
oh yeah so we don't really need all
those chairs no but mom there is one
more room I need to show you yeah Justin
go in go in there for me this is your
bedroom
well when we got rid of her boys and
girls I guess that's basically a tour of
the downstairs bull I think we need to
go and show you guys what's going to be
going down upstairs
which way should we take off your first
month your room yeah why not let's do it
so guys over here we've got the mold pad
this is where I'm going to be bringing
you know all of the girls I have
No so yeah boys and girls I am a king
size the worst but for one but what else
is gonna be here but I'm still got a
king-size bed I mean I guess that's
something in here we've got all of my
clothing items and then pet him
oh wait wait wait why you showing have
you bought some new shoes for the house
Morgan they came with you know that they
didn't Morgan stop
you've grown ladies shoes again that's
fine no they're not mine and then guys
in hair
we of course have this gosh knows how we
find that guys but let's move on to the
same here the second bedroom which again
we don't know what we're gonna do with
this yet let's let's see what your
bathroom I'm not being funny based
spoiling your house
toasty just all the room Jessie House
you even doing yes they even pull week
on Oh
Manolis putting my Wickham guys I know
you get the best look at it but that's
the first two bedrooms let's move over
to the study right now where am I made
myself who knows
Rosie's mercy was popping in here three
two one go why is going on we're
starting a meal what you something my
laps are blown
it's just leavin now to switch your
laptop off I don't know more I don't
know Morgan hey just weird
it's Morgan I don't know what was she
doing this I don't know Morgan it's like
in magic magic Madsen just to make sure
he's not in this room the show that is
in this room yeah just checking up on
you hi Martin okay okay he's in there
still he can't be in this room coming
now girls this is the third bedroom
let's check this out hopefully it's
Martin worse Oh looks like he's not in
there okay after all he's not magic we
were just we were just mean a bit weird
right it's just trying to get attention
mr. May
it needs attention in hey guys as you
can tell you've got another massive oh
oh I'm not I'm not gonna touch that I
don't want to break my house already
well yeah I mean I guess there's only
one more thing for this close the
Wardrobe let's see if we've got any
clothes in here ready three two one it's
just really chilling Puma Co how are you
in here this is crazy manager do you
think he's been cloned my boy Shirley's
my hair no he can't be is in the
wardrobe they small for a bedroom
listening close the door on him this is
just getting silly now this is a spoiler
name I'm spoiling end okay we may as
well prepare mine's probably gonna be in
here I don't know how well guys this is
the bathroom
cross your fingers let's hope mine's not
in here I'm just singing it's in your
bow singin in the bath be mine oh oh
poor Martin okay maybe now he won't be
in the next room you're gonna stay there
okay my world now at least we know the
no more Martin's okay yeah in there he
stopped oh okay okay yeah okay no mine
how are you doing this you're spoiling
it all what to do no more bossing
that's not fair though it was gonna
bring all the boxes in now
oh no gossip is all right mine I'm sorry
I'm sorry
okay you've got some boxes to take in go
go go well guys I guess that wraps up
the tour of the new house a lot maybe
crazy one this pre Meg's all over the
fall Martin's drenched in water there's
clothes all over the doorway but I mean
I guess that's the house Oh guys it's
been a few hours since the tour and mom
has just gone to the old house to get
the dogs and basically I have just made
a big mistake what I've done is smashed
a glass over here and we don't know
where the Hoover is so none of us know
what the hell to do but here's the
problem guys mom has just pulled up
outside with Pogo and Bruno and there's
a smashed glass over there so what do we
do guys I'll stand here and just vlog
okay I'm a just I'm a vlog you guys can
clean up again okay boys and girls the
problem has been resolved we've cleared
the glass from the floor
right now as you can tell the doggies
are here we've got poked out are we've
got Bruno this is literally the first
time they have ever seen than you hope
so what I'm going to do I'm going to let
them all bellies at the same time and
we're going to see where they go and
we're going to see their first reaction
is to move either to the new house more
should we do it do it do it do it yeah
pull goes straight on to the beanbag
look at the halo fella always still not
sure he's still not sure
Bruno's rounded they're all exploring
around the table check this out look at
him go look at him goo yo I don't think
either of them know what the hell is
going on here look at this
it's Pogo he's came into the kitchen for
the first time where's he gonna go
where's he gonna go where's he gonna go
hey Bruno how can you give him Breville
boo guys I think more important we need
to ask popular Bruno what they think
about this pull get what you think about
the new house you love it
hey that's awesome bro Bruno what do you
think bro of the new house yeah we think
it's dope that's awesome bro you're so
clearly guys the books are into the new
place I want me to the new place what
will you move I'm wrong I ain't your boy
I mean it's pretty warm right yeah I
want to see how they find my room is the
upstairs for the first time I'll show
you that later on look guys I just want
to say again a massive thank you to all
of you it's coming night time now I
still can't believe this is literally
the new home I think it's absolutely
crazy and guys I can assure you there is
some crazy videos to cool guys I think
Pogo is more excited about to see Jack
for the first time in the new house look
at this he's going crazy
well okay boys and girls I think what we
need to do right now is see the Pogues
reaction to upstairs because open air as
you know there's about seven rooms so I
I feel like the pugs deserve to see Dan
you upstairs
what are you won't deny allowed up here
discover there won't see a little oh
yeah so guys in a few moments I'm gonna
let the pose upstairs why won't you guys
with you right now is drop a like on the
video I'm right to the channel if you're
new and also I'm thinking about maybe
making the pugs their own room in this
house at some point so if you want me to
make a pug room as well
remember get subscribed hit that like
and let's go let the pugs upstairs here
he comes oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my
gosh the pugs are everywhere the folks
are in this view check make Olivia bro
where's he gonna go he's coming to the
bathroom
he's coming to the bathroom he's coming
out oh my gosh where's he gonna go next
where you gonna go next guys another one
in the bathroom is about boom oh no he's
going in my room he's doing in my room
isn't gonna do it oh no oh no Pogo is in
my room for the first time ever I think
he likes I think he likes I think Bruno
say Bruno's a bruiser mom do you think
we should put them back down before they
pull on the carpet yeah we don't want it
we don't want to pull on the carpet
Julie oh my
guys if you still watching don't click
away just yet I have a lot of things
that I need to tell you and you need to
hear oh jeez I knew this was gonna
happen this is happening I'm getting
emotional yep emotional morgues is is
gonna come out here I didn't want to do
this but it's gonna happen
Wow guys what a day oh my goodness I I
don't know what to say like how this has
happened I am still overwhelmed by what
has happened but apparently I am now set
in my new house and I kind of still
can't believe that in a way but I guess
this happened so I guess as I said at
the start of the video it's been a dream
of mine to do YouTube full-time and to
be able to do that as you know my job it
since I was a kid I never wanted to be a
footballer or an actor I just wanted to
be a youtuber and that was always been a
passion of mine
I've always enjoyed creating videos and
entertaining and the fact that I now
only have an audience as crazy and
amazing as team
well the fact that I now have my own
house where I am free to do whatever I
want for you guys is honestly it's
incredible I literally cannot believe it
I cannot put into words how truly
thankful I am to every single one of you
I love you guys more than anything in
the world you are truly the best thing
that ever happened to me and I'm just
I'm just so thankful eyed overwhelmed by
it
I literally just I said this a year ago
and a year later I still stand by it as
long as you guys keep supporting me I'll
be here every single day working hard
working as hard as I can to create the
best videos I come for you guys well
that means moving into a new house
whether that means getting new camera
whether that means building giant DIYs
I'm doing the craziest challenges I'll
always be here doing it for you guys
because at the end of the day you guys
are the people that I care about more
than anyone my name is Morgan Hudson aka
Morse I'm 16 years old and I just bought
my first ever house
you
