I think the question that we all want to
know is do you think that you might get
back together at some point
hello tea mugs and welcome back to
another video today I'm a Morgan's
Channel as you know Morgan and Kiera
split up so they've had a few weeks
where they've been just friends like you
I want Morgan and curious to get back
together I think they're good for each
other so I've decided that team um are
going to get involved in this and we're
gonna help here and Morgan realize that
they like each other and we're gonna
help them to work together and how we're
gonna do that we're gonna use these guys
if you want Morgan and Keira to get back
together that like button leave a
comment below and still forget sinners
were on Morgan's channels why not
subscribe to Morgan it won't hurt so
guys come with me then and let's get
started on this getting Morgan and Keira
back together video
mocha and Kyra
maken-ki wake up wake up book and it's
mom can't wake up Morgan
wake up just look at your hands
look your hands you've got them listen
guys don't panic I think you two have
been acting a bit silly lately this is a
perfect opportunity now upon curfew
together so that you can spend the next
24 hours sorting your relationship out
no no listen have you listen to me you
listen to me I can't spend an hour with
this girl it's because I think you've
got deeper feelings for each other but
you're just scared to sort of commit and
to and to say for one of you to say
first that they've still got feelings so
I think if you spend time together then
it's the perfect opportunity to work
through without fighting
oh please let me out please I mean
where's the key where's the key the keys
hidden when can we get the key in 24
hours just look at it as a 24 hour
challenge hopefully at the end of it
you'll have sorted out your relationship
and sorted out if you are gonna be back
together as boyfriend and girlfriend or
if you're gonna stay as friends I'm
gonna kill her first
okay guys this fear is the first problem
of the day how does everybody start the
day Cara I mean my people shower yes
most people shall we I do shall I do
shower so what we've got to do right now
is we've basically got to shower but how
the hell are we gonna do this okay you
know what I'll go in first but you gotta
promise to keep your back turned okay
yeah okay
feel free to you know because I'm
literally freezing cold
five minutes later what do you doing
she's doing a makeup and she's having to
go me because I'm not keeping my arm
still thank you for helping Morgan I'm
not doing anything I'm just that's nice
okay boys and girls right now me and
KITT what you doing okay right now me
and so I don't do my teachers right now
we are going to Tesco because we need to
get some shopping and it's probably
gonna be really fun oh you ready I'm
gonna make a suggestion well done come
on hold them and then it won't were then
you can move together you know just
trying to I'm trying to think of things
that'll help you guys if you're new to
the channel remember to go down there
and smash that subscribe button to join
team balls we are growing like crazy at
the moment thank you all so much for all
of the support it means so much to me
and guys today's shout-out goes to this
guy
if you want a shout out in the next
video smash that like bone i'll also
subscribe to the channel let's go to
Tesco you excited for the drive guys
kara I have a really good solution for
the Charlie problem you've got to push
me you've got to push me
you're not getting the biscuits you're
not getting them no no no oh no you
can't get the Bell visas no mom how do
you think the bonding is going so far I
think it's doing really well yeah yeah
yeah yeah I think you're doing great
look happy like you really think it's
working okay boys and girls there is
something that I kind of need to update
you on remember how a few videos ago I
said if we got 20,000 lights I would dye
my hair the video is actually on my
twenty five thousand thousand likes guys
so what I want you to do is comment down
below in the conversation what color you
want me to dye my hair care what do you
think I don't think that's I don't think
that's a color so basically me and me
and Kara broke up a little bit ago and
we thought a good way to you know get
things back on chat would be to hang
called each other together for 24 hours
but so far all that's happened is we've
just argued more do you think we should
keep going now yeah we're gonna keep
going now we've got to keep going we got
to keep going
hey how's it going now but goodness say
what is the idea of what we're doing
today I don't know anymore
the idea is that you work together and
you learn to trust each other this will
work guys believe me I'm an older person
who is more experienced in these matters
can I leave you and go and finish
getting ready because I'm taking out for
a meal know what Carol let's do it
that's better
yeah Kara come on buy into the spirit of
this yeah team high 500 Morgan remember
you changed okay guys so we're gonna go
off for a meal these two are gonna work
come certainly the differences working
as a team remember there's no I in team
they're gonna work together we're gonna
have a lovely meal and by the end of it
I'm pretty optimistic that this
relationship will be back on track in a
romantic way oh come on just focus on
being a team and working together yeah
you know what guys you know what Kara
I think the only way we're going to be
able to successfully go out and have a
successful meal is if we work together
okay unless you want food all over the
place we need to learn to co-exist okay
let's go guys I think it's been going
really well you're gonna start so yeah
but why come on oh you're gonna give me
ten minutes to think about minimum
that Kleenex I really like the when I'm
feeling down I just think at least I'm
not care and that cheers me up so you
know that's really good about if she can
always remain you carry what about you
agree and give anything life's all about
Morgan
being next to him makes me feel so much
more attractive oh well okay well
clearly that's not what I meant
right guys so you've got your food
you've got to stay calm now behind and
try and work together hey you see what I
see oh my gosh this is fantastic
it's obviously you two we were just told
we'll just call me no nice it's not
working still systole no no don't you
don't you grin
can any of them talking in the kitchen
so it actually sounds pretty good that's
kind of what's going on guys what are
you doing you sound like you're kind of
helping each other and getting onward
get me a knife Oh
Carrie that's really nice you didn't
stab him or anything
that's really nice we could use this
time like you said to just buy and stab
each other is but we just thought why
not you know team up you know as you
said use experiences be happier and yes
sir
we're doing bad oh you did bad I think
this this is actually working
it's too good dude all good all this
look and see if it's so positive about
it yeah gravity now you're just doing
this for the camera were you just doing
this for the camera the guys are in the
bedroom I'm just gonna pop in and have a
look and see what's going on
oh yeah are you going how are you and
you're angry with me for putting the
handcuffs on you are you okay now the
thing is at first I was kind of like yo
this is gonna be like terrible yeah and
it started off pretty bad because I'm in
care we were like both arguing and stuff
so this past week obviously things have
been very on and off but like you know
this just kind of made me realize in a
way like it's actually really fun
spending time here I'm really kind of
impressed with our grown up you've been
and I'm thinking now perhaps we could
take the handcuffs off it's late it's
time for bed you say you've got the key
of course I've got the key first though
I think it would be a good idea if you
just answered a few questions for tea
mugs auntie mum I think the question
that we all want to know is do you think
that you might get back together at some
point and we put that question to Morgan
to go first back thing well I mean
judging by today in general obviously
we've been doing a lot of bickering and
arguing and stuff and if you bring it
back to the main reason we kind of
decided to break up was over a bit of a
stupid argument but today by spending
time together and by working together
we've kind of realized that you know we
can do this if we do it together and you
know we worked out and we ended up
having a good time
maybe if we use more of that you know
that mindset in the relationship aspect
maybe because sometimes keeping the same
Cara yeah I mean it was it was fun
maybe if we just in the future take time
to talk about the stuff and work
together feel that maybe we can solve
them quicker rather than just leave it
and you know take it something away I'm
sorry that I I'm sorry that I kind of
made you mrs. chain with McDonald's I'm
really impressed with you guys and it's
lovely to see that you're getting on so
well and I think see moment team orgs
and team Cara they're gonna be over the
moon with this does that mean we can
have the key I want the key oh my god a
key to freedom oh no oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god
come on come oh my gosh oh my gosh I'm
free where do you want to come up to
okay let me just get let me just get
thing no no no do you actually swallow
well guys I guess this ended kind of
well I mean I got an apology from Kara
for like the first time ever like Karen
never apologizes for anything and I
still never gone apology for the chicken
wrap but hey I've got my apology she got
apology for the McDonald's guys if
you're new to the channel and you
haven't already remember to go down
there and smash that subscribe bye guys
and also guys comment down below what
color you want me to dye my hair because
I am gonna dye it really really soon I'm
gonna be dropping some new merch really
really soon so remember keep your eyes
open for that I'm gonna be dropping your
mouth soon and it is gonna be limited
edition guys to save up your money get
ready to cop some of the merch it's
gonna be coming with in the next few
weeks guys thank y'all so much for
watching and as always I've been morgue
you guys been awesome and I'll see you
in my next video peace out
