in today's banger Mork spends 24 hours
inside and if he completes the challenge
his mom it's locked
to the end this is slide you makes this
bag in your bomb and you get a slide
back
creature this is gonna be my craziest
experiment ever always stop if I can
keep the football and not gold slime
over everyone watching this has to
subscribe
mum you dare even kick a ball you got
one chance guys she did it you gonna
subscribe put little messing about let's
get this 24-hour challenge starts
guys
and Morgan tell them I always beat you
in this video
can we get all of this slide you can
download it right now hi and I'm joined
by plenty the link in the description
but I think we need to continue well
guys it's been about one hour since
Morgan went in the slide bar at first I
wasn't worried I thought Morgan's gonna
fail
nobody can stand a slide but for 24
hours you know what Mama's looking
pretty strong I'm kind of a worried but
even I'd be able to do this challenge
and you know what that means it means if
he completes the challenge I don't want
to get sly guys I've been peeping in on
Morgan and what are the things I have
actually noticed is that his hair is
completely dry
Morgan is really fussy about his hair it
must have spent two hours this morning
I've been around a putting gel on and
styling it and he does not want to get
his hair messed oh I don't know why to
me it just looks like a little cheese
string that the some reason Morgan
really likes it but you know what to me
that means that Morgan is cheating it's
not carrying out the proper 24-hour
challenge unless is completely covered
in slime so you know what I think team
mom watching this video I owe it to you
to make sure that Morgan is completely
covered in slag and Janelle our team mom
Morgan doesn't know that I kept some
slime on one side in case on the other
day and obviously I need it now but it's
gonna look so pretty on Morgan's yellow
hair
it was just my usual
mugen I'm sorry
you better start being quiet don't make
me come back here crazy when you shout
see okay some food are you really gonna
get some food course a Marty would I be
if I didn't feed my child when he signed
a back full of slime for Louie them
again I'm gonna prepare for Morgan and
my very special recipe is called
a slime special sandwich mmm sounds you
make well not say Morgan wanted
something to eat so I've prepared a nice
favorite a lovely sandwich on French
bread looks toasted ah come on what is
it let's just a moment is not see that
is not lettuce she say it's a nice bit
of green slime you don't
Martin I have to make Morgan fail this
task : complete the challenge otherwise
I'm gonna get swine and I do not want to
get slamming let's God take Morgan is
the lovely sandwich favor yeah it's the
best French stick that I'm find oh my
god
yo we all know mum loves the French
there boy and those sell them all then
I've got you some gourmet ha
from the finest cow poop and then let's
not forget mom's special ingredients it
would you mean special ingredient a nice
bit of salad item some greenery for
years well I guess I can probably do
with people a bit more healthy
it's a special ingredient if you know
whether sandwich I like it
Jimmy thank you all stop dies I think
that we've gone crazy guys as you can
tell it's literally almost midnight
which means I have it in the back now
for
almost six outlets now guys I'm actually
stole my mom feet definitely don't like
that anyway guys looks like it's bedtime
right now the challenge Ward the next
day oh oh guys well I'm awake and it's
really really early Oh Morgan normally
sleeps while about 3 p.m. so I'm gonna
go in the bathroom if he's still in
there if he's asleep I'm going to wake
him up because he's only fair if he's
doing a challenge they should be awake
for the challenge not asleep so let's go
see what he's doing good I'm off
Morgan Morgan Martin what's he doing
that don't I don't know if his mess
are you okay because you are so grateful
your way is literally 10 a.m. right now
usually I'd be haughtily and back open
to like 2:00 p.m. I love what we're
doing instead spending 24 hours in the
stupid slide mop no guys see neither is
heaven right now
but it on ours is it until 6:00 p.m.
until the challenge is complete so guys
it's something to get really really talk
about starting to get super super cold
I still haven't maybe I should just do
it in the fucking back by the way I
decide someone to bring me some
breakfast guys
I'm the bull she do it probably not
let's hope that she does now if you know
guys breakfast is the most important
meal of the day usually I make Morgan a
really nice smoothie
he has mango and strawberries and yogurt
fresh orange in it looks it but today
we're gonna give him a different sort of
breakfast I thought a nice dish of jelly
would go down well don't forget guys we
haven't got long I have to make more
Goods so uncomfortable they eat fails
this challenge we're running out of time
I need to stop thinking I need to do
more I need to stop this challenge
because I do not want to get slow like I
need to do anything I can to get Morgan
out of that back good morning Morgan
brought your breakfast Morgan I'm so
sorry blend is broken toxin making your
favorite smoothie but I've got you some
nice jelly wait jelly for slime it's
jelly do either
oh you're ready to get out now Morgan I
think you notice lino you've qualities
we failed the challenge you know to it
oh there's only several hours left if
you think I'm giving up right now it's
gonna take a lot more than a little
piece of slime in my mouth to stop me
Morgan I've got more where that came
from
guys it's about I don't know what the
hell's going on I haven't heard from mom
for the last few hours I think she
might've done so due to the temperature
guys because it started to get really
really cold in here it literally feels
like an ice bath the water has
completely lost all the heat the room is
ice-cold guys for God's sake
not even the new glow-in-the-dark
Halloween should keep me hot and this is
the fire of all time link in the
description by the way this is your last
chance to get the merch for Halloween
guys all jokes aside though I'm honestly
getting so cold my lips purple there's
big chunks of the cold slide setting all
over me guys I don't think I'm gonna be
able to take much more of this
it's just freezing cold oh you are you
feeling good
you've done something to the temperature
why is it so freezing cold
Morgan I dropped the temperature this
room you've got to do a book and gets
out of the bath if you think some cold
is gonna stop me winning this challenge
and you can find keep dreaming you can
either do better well you know what
Morgan perhaps this will help
come on give me some more food I've got
a nice fluffy towel and a dressing gown
and it's guys I'm out of ideas try to
bribe more good reason starving him
nothing's working
so my final final attempt to avoid me
and fly miss the new Halloween birds are
my favorite scissors let's see if Morgan
will get out of the bath to save is
merge this is my last effort closer to
me after what you go to there
unfortunately for you mom
the time is 454
be good at math to know that that means
there's only one hour five minutes that
I have to stay in this back you've lost
you know there's nothing you can do to
stop me winning this challenge
well then we'll calm down calm down I
just did it to say that you've actually
done really really well
I mean people say that you're the
challenge King and I'm very very
impressed by you why you should be I
mean there's only an hour left so I kind
of I'm just so good enough time Morgan
I've tried everything
I just don't know else I can do you just
buckles throw everything up throw me
yeah just I just need something else up
my sleeve
Morgan recognize this whoa
Morgan I'm sure you know this is your
favorite glow-in-the-dark Halloween
limited-edition merch once this is gone
it's gone there's no more yeah I know
what is it doing with you that should be
on the mannequin where it belongs
Oh Morgan I tried everything else my
favorite Morgan you've got five seconds
to make your choice does the merge live
there's no games no it didn't have to
come down to this little game but you
made me do it
guys one hour left one's gonna get what
she deserves
10 9 8 6 5
Oh
oh my god oh my god obviously braid on
the side put on the side friend guys oh
my god 24 hours of my life right now
that ain't about me I think it's time
for the moment you guys have all been
waiting for your sizes both welcome
I don't you should do this I don't even
want to do it don't think I want to do
it I've been waiting for 24 hours for
this moment
okay ready you're about to get slide
okay what you're wearing
I only care about sliding you're right
Morgan takes my doubles you got whatever
you want I see what I see what you doing
but it's not gonna work
I think this is the perfect time to say
guys if you want to see me slide more
like the guys could see me I'm both on a
very first course we get five is crazy
maybe not guys everybody talk like you
do right now if you wanna see me take it
from focus I'm cold right now link is in
the description book right now movement
is a path to get by
oh yeah that's a bit low not too much
Morgan you may fly me today but when we
do our life - okay no way you're gonna
be sliding so if you want to see Morgan
getting slimed you know what to do guys
guys thank you so much for watching this
video make sure to subscribe if you
haven't already and go down the link in
the description and come see us on our
very birth toll booth we began oh and
also guys if you haven't already make
sure you download dragon city I was
playing it throughout the entire 24
hours guys I think it's safe to say I'm
addicted it's free to play on iOS it's
on Android phone for hours you can play
with your friends you can PvP there's so
much early doing this app why wouldn't
you go to the link in the description
and download I bought last time one more
massive shadow dragon city for
sponsoring this video I make sure you
download because it's my favorite
breathe out
