ah I've been eating so much food from
all of these crazy food challenges I
really need to start watching my weight
before fat morgg's comes back who could
possibly be at the door 100 donors for
mr. mugs
guys forget what I said in the intro I
was gonna delay my time for maybe
another day because I don't think Intel
we have 100 Krispy Kreme Doughnuts right
now actually thinking about it maybe I
should go get some guests to join me in
this because I don't think I can eat
hundred by myself marching to mean we've
got 100 doughnuts
Martin mom do you want L meet them okay
guys you know the drill me more Martin
I'm going to be doing loads of different
challenges with these totes we're gonna
be trying to break some world records in
the process I'm basically just gonna
begin a lot more fun
let's flippin do this challenge number
one is going to be how quickly can you
eat a classic glazed doughnuts
personally guys I think I can finish one
of these in about 20 seconds but what
one you guys to do is leave a like on
the video if you think you could eat one
of these noodles in less than 20 seconds
because I think other pretty experienced
owner eater and I can probably do it in
20 blast through the challenge guys
three two one
it's time 21 looks like I couldn't quite
get my 20 bless handover come on let's
see how she does with this challenge
everybody comment down below if you
think I can beat Morgan's 21 second wool
mom the guard time to prove yourself are
you ready 3 2 1 go the timer started
she's nibbling away facile to this this
is interesting technique all the donuts
down on the table she's really going for
it 80 seconds boom boom 10 11 12 13 14
15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 Maltese record
stands but we'll keep going you still
got my left 28 29 30 31
what are you having mercy she's a bit
wider surely stop mum terrible was
finished on 44 seconds buy or double my
time it looks so easy it looks so easy
but a little don't look 20 seconds
that's ages and I always fail guys I did
twice as good as mama I think that
definitely deserves a subscribe if you'd
already subscribed go down there and
smash that subscribe button to join peat
bogs but right now is time to see if
Martin the bully himself can get more
than 21 seconds Martin are you confident
do you think you can beat 21 cozy
you can do it well Martin 50 seconds mum
nice not very good as their Chinese
number one is done I can eat a normal
place there in 21 seconds mom can do in
41 and mine can do any 55 as usual team
moves are the best but let's move on to
challenge number two
and see okay challenge number two is
going to be a little bit different this
one isn't even an even challenge but
it's gonna be a lot oh boy mum what are
you doing nothing I can see you guys
we've turned over every single turn off
and we're gonna play a game of find the
Oreo donor basically mine's gonna put
the Oreo face down up here as well as
all these other face down donors
mammal is enough to race to see who can
find the oreo dodo fastest it's gonna be
intense
Martin the dose that me Balu your turn
our backs go ahead and hide it I'll make
sure Brian dooby-dooby-doo
that's the one from there to there
coffee bugs
you know this is round 3 this is to
decide who gets to eat the donut we get
it we get to it yeah ready stuff around
no peepin comes down boom
3 2 1 go oh right for this challenge is
the blindfolded challenge what I'm gonna
do I'm gonna give you $1 each
and both be the same one now you've got
to guess what it flavor is okay
yeah it's first once against a player
gets tweets are you holding up man oh no
I'm gonna give it you okay sharks okay
get set first once he gets to play but
chocolate you ever wanna play what is it
about caramel Jamie sector amount I've
been cheated out of this guys coming
down low justice the more I
ninety-one yeah competition you can eat
that all by yourself what are we doing
now Morgan as you can see we've got a
nice blender here and we've got a lot of
dollars left over so I thought what
better to do than to make a doughnut
smoothie oh then try and drink it but
what the hell should we start with I
think for sure
we've got had a a strawberry one in
there you think so yes oh oh oh
James ah anyway you know we'll get as
well with strawberry me huh I mean lemon
lemon there we go not you lemon meringue
doodle guys women are dying as well
we've got two doughnuts in there now
strawberry and lemon this sounds amazing
as well as I'm sorry but we've got heart
in one of these chocolate ones because
they look so happy good and the guys
cheers Cheers
and then finally guys we've got to get
some water in there so it actually
blends then we get the top we screw on
there and guys I think we are good to
blend
yeah you put you on sabar you know what
you do all the time when you make smooth
eggs just shake it yeah what you think
the bottom is full wait you're telling
me that you know did you just think you
must lie something that look nice yes no
it goes on as we blend this guys I think
we need to roll the blender citt√† my fix
I just need your attention everybody
looks this way I'm gonna put a whole
switch room you know that I'm talking
about clickbait clickbait you know that
it really ain't nothing new I'm gonna
put a dope image on the video to raise
up the views you can say that I'm lying
you can say that I'm tripping but oh my
goodness guys we have the drink right
here strawberry lemon and chocolate
bamboo a combination but hey stoners so
I'm sure it tastes good nice moves well
it's gonna smell good ah what's happened
to it oh dear oh dear
sometimes when you mix things it just
doesn't just work see guys is my channel
you do have to go first so are you ready
guys
three two one go
it's not raised is it yeah yes oh yeah
was it nice guys it's no that's my
cousin will help me by what's up what's
up the actor Jason okay guys this smells
absolutely disgusting my way I'm gonna
get I'm gonna do I'm gonna do it guys on
second thought Oh
oh my god that's so wrong why does
everybody pick on me no well guys this
was probably one of the most crazy food
challenges I have literally ever done I
I think we all enjoyed it guys if you're
new here and you haven't already
subscribed what on terms are you doing
we do crazy stuff like this all the time
one of the few challenges loads of other
crazy stuff if you're not subscribed
already go down there smash that
subscribe button also lets shy and get
10,000 likes on this video for more of
these crazy food challenges and comment
down below what food challenge you want
me to do next
guys thank y'all so much for watching I
know the social medias links in
description below new merch coming soon
and as always a bit more you guys been
awesome and I'll see you in mine
like video briefs out
