do you still love Kara do the cinnamon
challenge yes yes yes
kara let's do it God if we've got two
spoonfuls of cinnamon we've got two
bowls are you ready camera let's flip it
do it breathe - guys were ten seconds
into the video and we're already choking
not now I know is it gonna be a banger
hello guys is unwelcome buying to
another video first of all water star
you've gotta love a best cinnamon
challenge unless yours we didn't not
very nice
I don't like challenge about five times
and it keeps getting worse
so today way back and we joined waiver
Kira she's back guys now I know you've
all got loads of questions and that's
why we're doing the video today watch
till the end guys that will be a
relationship update in this video
guarantee for it it will probably
surprise quite long you Kara
do the sponge 12 seconds later
all right you invertebrates I'm gonna
teach you how to do the sponge
we did the sponge or at least I did the
sponge will you and Kara ever get back
together I think we both know the answer
to this on guys
three two one yeah maybe that you're
fine you're not really fine you just
can't get into it because they would
never understand who can down a can of
coke the fastest do you know who you're
messing with
I drink about 19 tons of coke every day
bro kara you know what bring it on
you're upstairs right now the tension is
brewing we got to choose which code we
wanted I went surprisingly with the zero
coke zero care what did you go with do
all this oh yes okay no drinking no
cheating no chit hey hey tear that
tongue away ladies and gentlemen who can
drink a can of coke the fastest three
two one
our stomach oh hey she's holding mine
yes and of course for the celebration
that answers your question
undefeated and the king of drinking coke
anyone thinks they're better than me
come get it son let's do this can you
give us an update on the relationship I
think I might need to slap into series
modes mode for this so I guess Kira do
the honors three two one
okay I'm serious I'm serious so over
these past few weeks there's been quite
a lot of I guess speculation about us
about the relationship now obviously
guys a few weeks ago we broke up we
decided to you know not be in a
relationship anymore
and obviously as we said there was never
any like bad beef between us any bad
blood it was a mutual thing we both
agreed it was what was best we would
never doing it because we fell out with
each other or there's any actual reason
why I know I did tell the story about
one of the reasons why when you not the
chicken wrap out my hand which I'm still
not be about by the way were you not
chicken anyways but yeah I assume quite
a few of you are watching this on
wondering Maude what the hell's going on
why are you together by you were next to
each other and to be honest guys
obviously I know how in most
relationships these days whenever two
people break up it's usually bad blood
they usually don't speak it's always
like you know the ex-boyfriend
ex-girlfriend things are always against
each other and then you had a bad
breakup once with an ex-boyfriend and I
didn't go too well but to be honest guys
we took a break from each other
and we just missed each other
I mean I missed you did you miss me it's
nice you know it's nice spending time
with each other and as well as that we
love making videos we will making videos
with each other we love making these for
you guys you guys say miss Cara I even
think some of Kerry's subscribers said
they miss me admittedly not that many
but hey ho well yeah guys we just
thought it'd be best if we you know got
back together but instead of in a
relationship you know we just became
friends and so we can still hang
together chill do videos and stuff but
it will just be on a friendly basis
because we think that's what's best for
us
well Morgan was kind of my only friend
so why are you gonna disappeared for a
while it was a bit my dog kind of turn
against me recently so I really didn't
have anyone to speak to and to be fair
your dogs and your mom I couldn't
perform on dogs your mommy great son she
doesn't make guys there you go that's
the reason why we became friends again
so that Kara could play with my dogs
there you go that's the reason guys
there you go stop asking bros seriously
though guys yeah we're just gonna take
things as they come we're not together
guys we're not in a relationship but
that doesn't mean that we can't be
friends and that doesn't mean that we
can't chill together and make videos and
be friends okay okay okay I think I need
just not back into normal modes mode new
Leona's free to completely gone seconds
nice challenge guys it is do a shot of
vinegar what I don't guys this is gonna
be tricky I slip into this
oh man you wanna please hi can I have
really feeling the double vinegar shop
know yourself
yeah vinegar shot coming right up my
damn thank you for the week Madonna
there it is your triple vinegar shots
we've actually vinegar
thanks yeah cheers Cheers
hey Sloane eyes with something moment it
was it a little bit too much vinegar in
that would you like the bill guys seen
as we just did the vinegar challenge and
obviously I said I'm more of a barbecue
person coming down below what's your
favorite barbecue ketchup vinegar maybe
I'll also guys smell alike on the video
if your favorite sauce is barbecue like
mine wash yours barbecue there you go if
you go leave a like in the video she got
us much alive goes much alike do it you
know what guys through this next
question I've been meaning to ask this
myself because I feel a little bit
betrayed is Kara ever gonna get me a
replacement chicken wrap yes Mira yeah
let's do this okay do you know how it
violated your last chicken wrap yes how
you feel on the floor in the middle of a
train station well and today I'm gonna
make you a new one so you still contain
it okay oh is this supposed to be the
rock yes wait don't question my culinary
skills what are you gonna do you're
gonna get the bread
materials and you're gonna get some milk
well what the hell are you doing I'm
just gonna you should have to make it a
bit moist Carol I don't think that's
what they did to my chicken wrap that
you threw on the way how would you know
bull because I don't think you supposed
to soak wraps because I'm kind of
confused on what the rap part of this is
need to fry the milk oh my god
come I teach try it I don't think I was
supposed to look yeah I think that's
okay
me so what's the next step of creating
my new brand-new chicken wrap so we have
to butter at first this is my favorite
kind of butter it's made out of oranges
that's orange juice and you just lightly
drizzle it dwell God oh my goodness yeah
that doesn't all like lightly drizzle
into me well and then this is the best
get the chicken doesn't have the
capsizing like fit healthy not professed
free-range chicken lay that down like
well it's so dope
and then you grab some tomato just a
little bit of carrot as well thanks it
and finally here are they meant for dogs
no this comes from trees you fold it
over and oh my goodness oh yeah that
looks horrendous
that's your I can't wait to try it
okay why are you gonna have to be good
well we do it you it's really good I
don't I don't know let's go back video
do your mess
British accent let's do it
hello madam I'm good to see her today
would you like a crumpet with that tea
how many sugars uh maybe you could have
a nice bit of flapjacks with extra I'm
ready to do this yeah a little bit
oh definitely less cringe it's gonna be
better than mine what was that go for it
my name is Nick copper matte color stage
but yes my can rap and no I'm not
Compton and this recipe in English I
guys comment down below who's got the
better accent I think it's me does Cara
know all the words to your district you
gotta give it a go let's find out you
know what Kerry do you want me tell you
all yo I made your channel and you call
yourself Queen but everyone knows
Susy because I'm poor sixteen that's not
the words no real job Morgan now that
you and Kara are friends again does that
mean that the prank wars is back on
looks like we'll just have to wait and
see spoiler alert its own baby guys
smash that subscribe button if you'd
already Kara is probably going to be
getting pranked soon okay this next one
guys is a little bit crazy
do you still love Kara oh don't give me
that look what say something really nice
I'm not gonna lie guys Kira's great like
she's a great person you know I I love
her she's great but it's just it's like
it's really complicated but sometimes
when you care for someone so much you
want what's best for them and obviously
yourself and this is why you know
obviously we can move on from this and
still be friends and still you know make
videos together and chill together and
have fun together sometimes the
relationship aspect of it just isn't
just isn't meant to be I'm not saying
that it will never be again again when I
did the first video I always said you
never know what's gonna happen but you
know it's what we call like she's great
when are you moving into your new house
now guys oh my god I am literally so
excited about this you guys know about
like abut almost like five months ago
now I actually bought myself a house
like a full-on house like how crazy is
that
and I made a video on it ages ago saying
that we're gonna be moving around
Christmastime and unfortunately it did
get delayed guys but we're officially
gonna be moving in in about two weeks
guys the new house we're gonna be
the new space in two weeks I can not
wait guys if you'd already subscribe
remember smash that subscriber because
there's some exciting videos coming soon
comment down below if you want me to do
a house talk because I think I need to
what if you promise not to leave mess
everyone I can't make note from this but
guys this is a problem see she just
leaves mess everyone everywhere you go
the karag√∂z there's just like a trail of
mess that she leaves and she's drinking
a coke I think she'll probably like
deliberately spill it
do you know where dogs go on walks in
that week she's like she's marking her
territory everywhere she goes it's just
mad don't you like eating a sandwich you
leave crumbs and when she's off I mean
anything smell like you guys if you
enjoyed this video remember to go down
there and smash that subscribe button
and also smash the like one two let's
try and get 10 5 likes
baby but guys thank y'all so much for
watching I really hope you enjoyed the
video and as always I've been molds you
guys been awesome and I'll see you in my
next video peace
