guys let's flipping this oh yeah Oh God
oh you've be sick oh no oh Christ
hello dream world and today we're back
are we gonna be breaking form with World
Records
but guys check this out baby the entire
menu today we're gonna be setting some
new world records let's do this hi it's
gonna be quite a big orders that okay um
breakfast they still do breakfast yeah
yeah so basically we want to order one
of every item on the breakfast menu well
we just got the food guys look at this
we've got three lots of drinks we've got
three bags there and also a big one down
pat are you hungry mom yeah yeah baby
let's get home and break some world
record you get a little bit hungry while
we were rolling the clips from earlier
oh I feel kind of guilty now I gotta buy
out of one of them Morgan I'm just a
hopping Sara I'm so hungry
well then let's get started break soon
please team all shout out goes to that
guy who subscribe to the channel I'm
turned on notifications if you want a
shout out in my next video all you gonna
do is
I'm telling on notifications by clicking
the Bell
I love the guys this only a diva Lord
that is left for you to come for 25% of
the 25% of super sale ends on Sunday
forever
don't you want to get some merch 25% off
link is in the description oh wait can
we go to more www.mobileaustinnotary.com
oh oh mum it was lovely it was lovely
but the question is move for you do you
think you can be 23 seconds no no no
well but I'm going positive I'm gonna do
my best
Oh guys let's do it guys it's mums turn
now what want you to do is comment down
below if you think mum will beat me
three two one
go go go go time is money time is money
time is running look at this she looks
focused she's going for the nibble
technique she go over the nibble
technique mum
ten seconds has gone already but 15
seconds woman if she gonna do it she
didn't do it she gonna do it
19 20 21 22 23 24 25 27 28 it's all over
move finishing on 30 seconds you
couldn't swallow it
do I think you put too much in mom you
put too much info challenge number
how quick can I finish on 23 seconds you
finished on 30 seconds so that means one
nail two walks but guys what want you to
do is drop a lot you know if you think
you could be ash brown quicker than 23
seconds okay guys moving on to challenge
number two we both got a pot of
McDonald's porridge I've never had
porridge before I don't even know if I
like it but we're gonna do do you like
guys oh nice she's literally gone mental
but she's finished my porridge as well
as her oh no we don't have more cheap
guys score is 1:1 right
I think mums are all boring though so
let's go into the next challenge at home
boy I can get back in through the last
one with go loads okay moving on to the
next challenge
yeah yeah this is gonna be a slow don't
play with your food
oh my gosh come on oh my god
guys I got one minute 12 seconds 14
moles let's see if mom can beat that and
go ahead and make it 2-1
you've got one minute 12 to be do you
think you can do it yeah
easy easy mom wait wait wait wait God
here she goes she's off she's had a
pretty terrible stop watch is that since
she's not
since answering the phone stop against
me a moment why are you whipping start
with me why are you dancing why are you
doing these terrible dance moves move 45
seconds of God you go about 30 seconds
left but mom I wouldn't be dumping
because rather than go about 1 1 5 4 3 2
1 team moves in front a baby and that
right there is the leftovers mum he
couldn't even finish
you could even finish 40 mom you haven't
got it stopped she still happens
stopping even though she lost guys we
were both supposed to be on diets were
we more disappointed what's happened to
our diets I think we've just Paul the
way back on that we lost and there's
more to go there's more to go it's diet
this is diet
oh that's fine actually yours is normal
I need some diet
show you guys the next challenge we're
gonna be doing is a little bit different
we're gonna see who can drink a coke
quickest brew more you need to win this
challenge and you need to win it
do you drink oh well you know you can't
drinks all over come guys if I don't win
this challenge I'm gonna be really
annoyed I should be winning this comment
down below who you think is gonna win
mom or me
let's get this one started are you ready
mom hat three two one go what the hell
oh my god okay
oh no way no way no way how did you
defeat me about because you said you've
got to drink it and obviously if you
think you're strong
I'm not sure but I'm gonna have to give
more points so it's 2-2 now going into
the final round
let's see who is this on the final round
guys children for the big battleground
there's one thing I really want to do
since we've got a lot of coffee with
obviously the full menu
I'd like to never ever tried coffee and
mum has it all the time but how much
coffee drive every day three cups dies a
lot that's like almost as much as I
think of coke yeah you know does that
mean the English people like always
loving to you like Oh
cut out the tea and the crumpets please
oh can you pass the scone with that tea
please oh I've like another cup of tea
please to go with like cranberry
sandwich sign page I'm not a funny mug
but I'm British and I've never heard of
a cranberry Sun wait mom I've got a
confession to make
emails made of it just came to my head
this is Hank and crass or a cucumber
I got moment just changed my head not
crumb get in my box
oh yeah what
is try this McDonald's coffee for the
first time this probably isn't gonna go
well but let's give it a shot okay your
anyone haha three two you don't like it
not for me
twelve seconds later so it's time for
the final round and since this is a
final round mob is going to be going
through us and basically what this
challenge is is we both could have to be
one bagel a one pancake and it who can
eat their bagel and that pancake the
quickest mom's first question - do you
like pancakes and do you like bagels ya
know so yes guys it's time for the final
round pull it down below who thinks
gonna win
I want you what have you done coffee
buckle comp it back up top it back up
cough it pump it back up cough it back
up coughing oh my goodness mom you're
disgusting you're disgusting Isis time
for the final half preach they won't
care the time starts now
okay the half Ethan pancake is back in
the mouth she sees that the entire thing
she said almost the entire thing you
won't get this is a good start for Teen
Mom eyes 45 seconds have gone she's on
to the bagel the second part of the
challenge how are you going mom is it
hard she she looks like she's into quite
a bit of pain her she going mom she
hasn't got much left there's one minute
20 is gone
baby stop the dancing it might not be
doing
yeah one minute 45 can't you do it can't
you do it
choo choooo everybody thought it - choo
choo
ah two minutes and five seconds
accounting mom are you crying is that
the severity of the challenge who team
marks I've got everybody relying on me
right now I've got all 15 boards relying
on me for one pancake of one bagel guys
I want you all to drop for the video
right now I need all the luck I can get
I need you to subscribe to the channel
guys - it's dry are you enjoying it is
it nice
oh sure Oh God
I thought it was kidding it's gonna
follow women sing Morgan and you are
Iying
oh no you be sick seconds left
winner winner yes we did it we did it we
did it for the winners winners poor
Morgan What's it feel like to be the
loser all right guys I'm team I promise
I tried the best book you didn't do very
well in my fro my belly just can't take
as much as her but are you really gonna
talk like this to your mom it's true you
have a good heart
don't think we should stop that now
don't you it's not the facts I'm bigger
than you it's a fact that I've got more
years experience grow a bagel in there
no no I didn't do that I didn't throw
bats at you either
no that wasn't me that was someone else
it could have been me but it wasn't me
don't push me Mom
don't push me Morgan all that side what
we're going to do with all of this we
got to kind of keep II know ya know what
could come close come close okay I know
how you feel some food in me I think
guys yeah this cold helpful
god you'll never get me Oh
okay you'll find a new idea you like
okay what kind of got a bit carried away
reserves make friends sorry I'm still
fat guys
so we've enjoyed the video Morgan's
asked me to do the outro for it and
we're out of evil are we're being too
much I'm gonna clean up this mess
and I'm washing my hair and I was shower
and I'm not sitting on the wall I'm
gonna tell the docs of all this
Oman you did you did say you like
porridge not like this
but Morgan there's one thing that you
forget in was low then I still 100
cheated in the base for the ambassador
lon
mum will came back for this this is a
little bit the end well guys that was
the entire but bowls breakfast menu and
clock breaking World Records but
unfortunately 40 more that hasn't been
the best day but in order to do a new
one of these videos we've a whole new
menu a whole new fast food maybe Burger
King KFC coming down low
why do you want us to do and we will do
it I'm also a did you in it subscribe
down below for more crazy challenges
just like this coming your way very soon
I'm finally guys let's
we can get 10,000 eggs on this video
that would be absolutely amazing guys
also there is not one left to get
yourself submerged but 25% off the 25%
super sale is ending in a few days and
so many of you are loving it you've sold
out so much stuff there isn't even much
left but it's not too late guys to get
yourself some merch in the super sale
you've just got to be quick so click the
link in the description or go to WWE the
monster Carol and get himself saw with
the hostage on YouTube guys thank you so
much for watching and as always I've
been Bob's you guys been all of them and
I'll see you in my next video peace
