I don't I think that in show right there
perfectly sums of me just a little bit
stupid hello guys and welcome back to my
Channel today I gave you guys river by
grass always sure that could have ended
badly
oh yeah you're mopping in my video and I
like it
if you're new here you probably think it
or what the flip is this channel and to
be honest this intro just perfectly sums
up it's just crazy
today I've got loads make science for
planned including a crazy iPhone X
experiment where I'm gonna get all of my
subscribers to send me notifications all
the same time and see if it crashes my
phone but the folder Cena's mama just
interrupted the video I think I think
she deserves a prank for that may not be
wearing the pranking merch I'm rippin
the MH instead but still the pranking is
always in action baby let's go do you
guys remember these boys yes mom you're
back yeah the scare mum mum mum come
down there's an urgency Oh
oh my gosh mommy broke the wall ball oh
my gosh why have you done that why did
you do that when you broke the wall ball
is going everywhere
guys everybody comment down below
hashtag justice for moms lamina this is
what I think you're loving it I'm going
um tea mugs what a great start to the
video baby morning poor girl morning
brew now how's your day's going good
good for ya that's cool that's cool what
about you
hey what a legend wait guys I've got one
question for you what do you think to
this hoodie I'm wearing right now is the
mah red one I don't usually wear red
guys am i rocking it good yo you think
it looks good poor girl my foot band G
right there you're a legend boy your
legends smoker and Molly bro that stupid
thing with you don't use it in the car
or watch your burger Morgan stop using
that horn thing
what you mean whole thing YUM
I think I know exactly what we need
right now we need to get some music
playing get some fungus blowing I'm
alright but I'm picking with my it's my
sense who are you gonna pick do you even
know I'm just gonna meet one of my
favorite songs I mean I guess take note
beautiful person
really it's not really the best time to
play that song well I miss some organ
and it reminds me yeah well I miss it
too but I'm not gonna go blasting the
song in the car for goodness oh that's
not really why I imagined you were gonna
play moves out of a tumble
I have no idea what just happened it's
ok click where you can be my manager if
you want bro I'm sure you'll be a good
manager so far this video has been an
absolute flipping I don't even know how
to describe it it's been a weird one
mum I think has actually had a full
mental breakdown
click bar is probably fired from his
managerial role for more but I don't
even know what's going on up in here but
one thing that is going down in this
video is the iPhone X experiments expert
at the iPhone experiment experiment
experiment now I've had my iphone X now
for about 2 more about students well I
mean is about to us yeah about about 2
months I think it's ok he knows a pretty
good phone quite different from the last
one however one thing that never changes
with Apple products is they always lag
and glitch and break and just mess up
when especially when you get loads of
notifications through a phone so I was
like hmm what if I made all of team org
I'm talking the insta squad the snap
just was the You Tube squad the Twitter
squad wife we all teamed up at the same
time and everybody spawned me with
notifications like in the pictures
replying sending me messages adding me
just basically making my phone go crazy
and guys that is exactly what I'm gonna
do in this video I have no clue what's
gonna happen yeah
phone could get super hot and break it
could like steam or I genuinely don't
know what's gonna happen it could just
break I did we killing my phone you guys
could be killing my phone I don't know
what's gonna happen but one thing's for
sure it's probably gonna be surprising
and it's probably gonna mean I'm gonna
have to get a new phone so I'm kind of
not looking forward but it's gonna be
live now guys if you've already follow
me on Twitter on snapchat on Instagram
this is just another example that you
are missing out you can talk to me you
can be in the videos you can be involved
in all this stuff if you add me on all
the social medias you guys know the
links to them are always in the
description below but one specifically
guys I literally got close to 500k on
Instagram and I'm gonna be DMing
everybody that adds me back and comments
on the latest photo that you were sent
from YouTube but guys it's a llama Ellie
right now I think a lot of people busy
so I'm gonna pick a time when all the P
morgues already like one know what's
going down life on the other need to
spam me with notifications and let's see
if my phone's gonna break it probably
will stay tuned guys this vlog is gonna
keep going with her don't don't
mom I'm trying to peaceful play shake
shake shake
I just came just up like you can back up
break it away I just came to say have
you heard what I'm doing in my video
today no I'm getting all the team orgs
to send me a notification at the same
time to see if I can blow up my phone
Wow we need a new phone yeah it's just a
spare wait wait what it looks like it's
made in like the 1800s about no phone
right okay you guys better not blow my
flippin phone boys
boys and girls
it is time we're team modes all team
together and we smash my flippin phone I
don't know what to do guys I don't know
whether should be excited nervous happy
sad my friend could potentially die
right now if you don't know what I'm
doing already I have pulled all my
social medias guys not just one Twitter
squad
Eileen's the squad alter table and
obliterate my phone with notifications
at the same time starting with snapchat
guys as you can see it's more Hudson on
snapchat of course we've got the snap
just one I'm just not just book consists
of about 80,000 members moving over to
20 guys on the Twitter squad I think in
Z twit this one currently consists in a
hundred sixty-four thousand members and
the big one guys the insta squad which
consists of one hundred and ninety eight
thousand members quick sidenote you'll
follow me on all of those especially
Instagram let's see if we can get the
500k followers after this video goes on
guys I wanna see all of you joining the
inter-squad but yeah guys as you know
I'm told all of this was to help my
folks a p.m. in two minutes
and we're gonna see what happens guys
I'm filming right now sparkly obliterate
me into squads not just one obliterate
me go go go go okay I'll put out the
stories guys now all I've got to do is
turn the notifications on okay guys so I
got my snapchat the first of the three
social medias they are coming in so fast
you guys can see the screen look these
are all from under 20 seconds ago they
literally are not stopping if we go over
to Instagram we can loads at the end
- this is absolutely crazy get this out
guys I'm on my latest Instagram photo
and if you watch the light it just keeps
going on I'm refreshing every second and
it will not stop going oh oh my gosh
guys here they come here they come check
the top of my screen look at the top of
my screen guys haha oh my goodness my
twitter my twitter we can't ask bye
everybody here yo Instagram is going ham
right now the insta squad are killing it
check this out guys we've got it's not
just for killing it the innocent squad
killing it this is ridiculous okay okay
snapchat squad are here guys I've just
heard on status for notification we've
got one from Ellie we've got ten years
in this motel 19 new snapchat
notifications 9 you started
notifications we've got insist what
going out there in the meantime we've
got the Twitter squad who will
absolutely kill it as well look at this
marker listen to it my brain well I'm
actually scared my phone crushes a lot
hold on it's been lucky
it's like city's like I'm scared mom I'm
flippin scared guys if you don't
understand what's actually going on
right here
we literally if we go to stop jack and
show you we've got people calling
look at this should we open some more
wine let's do it better the one from
Julie if we can actually manage to do it
there's so many people messaging it
won't actually let me
my ex-husband anyone snapchats more this
just too many too many yeah literally
too many it won't let me open anyone's
do you think maybe I should blow on it
yeah yeah yeah is that do anything well
as long as I still go away
I still go in in the means I must take
out Twitter see how many people are
blowing me up on that guys if we try it
on dimensions look at this
shout out to everybody in the Twitter
squad if you can see yourself right now
you are an absolute legend boo boos okay
okay guys we experiencing some freezing
right now I'm not even surprised I'm
surprised it took this long we've broke
the limit in two minutes
okay so how its Hall is it vibrating
still is it's not sure it must have
stopped by now it keeps going oh my gosh
guys there's absolutely loads coming
home move sixty two notifications
Twitter is going hub it feels like it's
a bloody block of copper ah ah what's
happened I don't know did you hear that
crying baby crack why is it crying can
you see a crack anyone the screen no
it's not on the phone can you see a
crack anywhere guys it just got so hot
it's flippin cracked I have just cracked
my new iPhone X oh my gosh what the hell
oh my gosh oh my gosh mum look mom look
mum look mum look did you see that look
at this mom oh my gosh
oh my gosh
No look at this it's not stopping it
won't stop it absolutely just will what
have you done
mom I don't know what I've done I made a
big mistake cries I don't know what to
do look at this compass this is
literally going on for hours
oh my god check this that is absolutely
ridiculous and that's only in the past
minute wait wait wait wait ah it just
crashed oh my word
it just got what do we do mommy just
what happened it literally was crashed
oh no he just crushed guys obviously I
was only joking about the crack but it
literally just crushed Weibull it he's
not turning on are you joking if you
seriously broke the phone
seriously Morgan I don't know what to do
what can I do with our phone maybe I
should just leave it an hour see if it's
okay what team won't calm down a little
bit right yeah I think I underestimated
the power of them like they just crashed
my phone it got super hot and it was all
my fault
guys I think I messed up like really bad
yeah it's been about ten minutes
teemo's won't stop literally won't stop
my phone will not stop vibrating oh my
oh no Wow guys just to clarify guys my
phone didn't actually crack however it
did literally crash and get super hot to
the point where I actually kind of hurt
to touch it
don't ask all your fans for sending
notifications at one time because
especially with Timo you guys are just
too crazy but yeah if you're new to the
channel you have just witnessed the
power of team box and if you're not
already part of team orgs and you're
missing out we are these young
team All You Tube go down there smash
that subscriber and also follow all my
other social medias all links are in the
description baby and also get yourself
some merch I've been rapping the red M
hey Tori this video but you've got pub
life mg Zed loads more stuff also the
merge SWOT is gonna keep on growing and
growing too if you've not already got
some you are missing out grow and
finally guys comment down below what you
want me to do next and if you want me to
do this again maybe but I honestly think
we may have just broke 1 million
notifications or maybe at least hundreds
of thousands because my phone it won't
stop it literally has been doing this
for the past 20 minutes straight the
snapchat squad are absolute flippin
animals
well yeah guys thank you sir for
watching and as always I've been mold
you guys been awesome and I will see you
in my next video peace out
