please I've tried it Bella you can't
talk and asking me Bella are you even
going to meet back to school videos yes
don't worry guys I don't really know why
here it gets super excited about back to
school videos and since I start school
on Monday well probably if this video is
uploaded I'm already going back to
school about next time I'll be showing
you guys what is in my bad side because
this is like super requested I'd really
know what what score about I'll do it
from Jason screaming so you guys can
hear like background noise because I
cannot submarine if you guys did not
know I'm eating what's in my backpack
2015 and 2016 so also the links down
below so without further ado let's just
get started and start off with my
backpack so this is from Herschel and
you may have seen my other was in my
past videos unit was probably noticed
that I used the same guy for two school
years but this year I decided to get a
new one because my Ã¡gua is like not in
the best condition already so I ordered
this online when I was in the state so
this is just a settlement backpack and
it has gold zippers okay first let's go
through this main compartment this is
just an overview of what it looks like
inside we won't be using any books for
this school year SourceFed we will be
bringing our own device so it could even
be a tablet or a laptop in my case I'll
be using a laptop so this is my macbook
pro 13 and sugar the Retina display and
I've had this for like three years
already so yeah next is my envelope
which I recently got from National
Bookstore
so how it looks like and I will probably
put here my paperwork if ever you have
paperwork as you know we're going to
dissolve this school year but you don't
have to be safe I got an envelope and
inside our chocolate layer fillers and I
didn't
you get a binder because again I don't
even know if we will be able to use all
these but yeah I got these from National
Bookstore so I got one in pink blue
purple orange and green then I have
another notebook from National Bookstore
so this is from bando and you guys
probably saw this in my back to school
haul so it will be down below then I
have a notepad and this is from a speed
but I got this from national bookstore
and I might use this to jot down my
assignments since most of our teachers
don't write our assignments on the board
well a defense of a teacher but really
have to listen to the teacher in order
to know what your assignment is so yeah
this is an essential now let's move on
to my pencil case which I got from
Target and it has my polka dots and a
gold zipper when I was at Target I saw
these cute pencils and the other section
so I was like yes I need to get these
because guy is $1.00 are so I got these
pencils well actually if you don't show
that low I gave this to my siblings but
I got these three so this one says find
your adventure sake really thought and
love your life and by the way my mom got
a great sense of the National Bookstore
from the brand bando sending shot so you
guys going to get these pencils from
national bookstores and of course I have
to have spent as well so I got these
three from I pen so I got one in black
red and blue my favorite gel pens from
my journal a Sharpie fine points
permanent marker an orange highlighter
from UV and I got this from Target I
also have one in yellow this purple
mechanical pencil on paper Mass Effect
mini paper and scores of standard paper
wires under a tree and a correction tape
to erase some mistakes of course a short
printer and a USB throw sanded okay so
that is everything that is in my pencil
case next is my wallet and I've had this
for like 3 years already
we're staying strong and this is from a
speed and
she was alive and I still have no fun
because I'm filming this before school
starts okay this is the last thing in
the main compartment and it is Mikey
naked which I got from Nordstrom Rack
when I was in the space so I have pocket
issue because we all really have to
choose in our rescue so this is an
essential and then I have a hand
sanitizer from Bath and Body Works and
this is the scent stress relief which is
perfect for school because you know
schools equals stress I just really love
the scent of this because it's super
relaxing like comedy spell additional
stress my all-time favorite hairbrush
and again this is from a hotel you guys
know how much I love hair brushes for
motels because it's so small so it's
just easy to throw in your bag zone by
the way guys this is me don't worry
assistant and then I always have oil
blotting sheets because girl I always
get oily to school so most of the time I
look cover to school because it's super
hot so I really need this so yeah this
is my best friend whenever I need to
remove some oil on my face another
central line is this bomb this is from
Vaseline and just many times which is
super cute and I love this lip balm so
much like easily - have been healthy or
like not chapped because I've been using
this a lot also my other one it's the
aqua for one it's like a moisturizer but
yeah I've been loving this so much so I
have it in lucky pick it I also gotta
have a lot of hair guys we all know how
quickly new moves our hair ties I don't
really know why but yeah these will be
pretty handy for PD class or cooking
class because you know I take on cooking
or baking class for my tle values are
missing in the main compartment now
let's move on to this pocket
so let's unzip it with one hand I'm
trying ok so the first thing I see in
here is my macbook charger which I need
because I don't want my macbook to die
so
gonna have this and then I have my
perfume so it goes it's from the wall of
beauty and it is a sense of closeness
full and I don't always have this into
my backpack since I want to change my
first view of almost every day so
sometimes I have to bring this sometimes
I like to bring baby by Marc Jacobs or
my bat movement perfume which is my
favorite
gotta keep smelling fresh every day so
yeah I have this red backpack
speaking of slowly fresh all day early I
also have this dry shampoo from batiste
and I only have the travel sized one and
you know after PE class your hair gets
oily so gonna spray some of this and
lastly I have mint and these are ice
breakers and these are by far my
favorite that is it for my walk in my
background video if you liked it make
sure to give it a big thumbs up and
comment down below some back-to-school
video requests make sure to subscribe to
be part of the hashtag Balaban and to
get notified whenever I post a new video
I'll see you guys in my next one and
don't forget your exact people amazing
bye
