hey Russ try this fella
today is July 28th at the Friday and I
have undergrad to go to I'll be going to
abuse my ocular and it will be she's
nearly three-day event where you guys
get to participate in fun games like
ultra black catcher and a lot more you
also might have the chance to win Oasis
max which is perfect because hashtag to
desire okay so let's go okay we just got
here at festival MO and I can already
see it's not a service so this sticker
will kind of let you try no we're gonna
pull you here lasers yeah
okay so our friend Josh back you'll be
filling up our zeros I'm not critical me
snack on it
don't you see that's relative okay bye
yeah
and okay I am uniting on for Hunter it's
nice
for your mama formal snacks around here
amazing
there's more
hey guys so I just got home and oh wait
hoo-wee she gave me of this shirt and
after that it says oh he's not back and
returnees honesty and first of all I
want to thank you for having me thank
you guys so much as you can see I got a
lot of flack from OPG and there are more
than a good school
ok let's start off with this one and I
got this from the snack shack so let's
see what's inside and this is so cool
like it's so big so I got on your rings
cap legs which is like one of my
favorite potato fries punch and this is
again my favorite Randy twinkle Chris
puree I love this front crackers Marcus
cracklin what else what pillows and
before long the one and bagram Falcon
who has sold okay I got another bag and
decided fish nuts but I put our last
meal mouthing oh my mom is here so love
this Oh Christopher Dada and Santos meta
cheese flavor okay another one is this
kind of pillows this is the last batch
but I have more right there behind me
okay we also have potato chips
this one is play salted flavor and
okay let's go through this bag and so
the fact I got from the smack catcher I
didn't really get a lot of accent it was
kind of hard to get like everything so
yeah I need to do better next time
Cocoplum also shoot cheesy and springy
corn snack Alisha also has this patch of
mug to flavor their goat cheese spilled
corn snack while on cheese
there's also been a close shave it's
chocolate coated your NOLA clusters okay
let's go through the last one rigid busy
so yeah whatever I tell you there you go
yep Louise you overload like oh look at
this guy's what okay so that is it for
this vlog you guys and by the way thank
you to all of my fellows on who went it
really means a lot like I met a lot of
you guys wish I wasn't expecting because
you know it's a school day but most of
your classes are suspended and by the
way guys stay safe and thank you thank
you thank you or you for having me and
thank you for all the free food I love
you guys so yeah I hope you guys like
this video if you did make sure to give
it a big thumbs up and make sure to
subscribe to be part of the hashtag
Bela's on after that notified whenever I
post a new video I'll see you guys in my
next one and don't forget your that's
Bowl amazing
Hey
