okay - maja I'm stretching this blood
anyway because a while ago we just went
on outlet and it was pretty tiring so I
didn't really have the energy to vlog
like right now I feel like very drained
but I will vote for you guys because I'm
super excited because we are at Palm
Springs right now and here checked in at
JW Marriott and it's so beautiful here
and I think we're still later right
walking already yeah yeah I don't even
charge my camera but yeah we just got
here actually
yeah the tonic well doesn't do anything
for it
no okay I'll give you guys a quick tour
so we got there spoiler lip and then
there's like a frame and there's the
shower and there's a mirror hello so I'm
good focusing there and there's like
this oh my gosh that's not look at that
so here's the thing and then down here
there's some tissue hairdryer some more
towels and there and now there's a
mirror but here you'll see the bad there
are two beds and their moms Angelo and
why am I on I totally totally didn't
search her YouTube channel today so
right there in the material and this air
bed for Angelo and then here is the
balcony come down here's our view it's a
mini golf course
let's go let's go the Sun is setting so
we need to hurry because I need the
lighting for my pictures it's a perfect
time to swim because it's super hot as
you can tell I'm like super oily
we found but I didn't love it I'm so
sorry
somehow I kind of look like a farmer
also trails outside Isabella today is
July 5 and we just arrived here at the
Westin Hotel and by the way yesterday we
presented 4th of July so I'm going to do
some clips right now so yeah that's what
happened yesterday now I'm going to give
you guys a hotel room tour knock knock
knock
so when you walk in your fever that's
true so this all looks like so that
summer is the faucet and then here are
like the free stuff you'll see towels a
vanity mirror hello and a bathtub and
I'm going to use on my bath bombs study
ball from lush I'm really excited
because there's also a shower right
there and the toilet and then more
towels and blow dryer tissue paper mark
towel another towel and then a trash can
now the see was this is for the closet
wow that's a big closet on this day we
have a coffee maker Starbucks cups some
coffee creamer and it's not the humor of
this app enough and then at the bottom
you'll see this ice bucket and glasses
and then here you'll see my mom my
sister and my dad and two beds
Oh oh my gosh my hair stood and then
here you'll see a chair and the table is
magazines and then here you'll see a
desk sorry it's kind of messy but here
you'll see a TV and then this is the
door to the connecting room but no one
can get in because both doors are left
 you Rakesh so yeah that is it for
total to wait on you forgot to view
sister nice before at least half of you
I'm checked it is 6:34 p.m. and I think
I slept for two hours or one and a half
not sure but now we are going to eat
dinner I don't know where is what aha oh
not on here in this guy restaurant and I
don't know what to order yet dismiss
read read read for desserts ugly figure
I've got my favorite survivors who
dinner was good I ate a lot and now we
are going to help you he may go to get
some thermal where because we need is
the super fools
Rebecca Zotero and it's time to rest
I'll see you guys in tomorrow's vlog
this is a weird angle like San Francisco
Bay - and here about house rec fun so
we're currently looking for her
authority that okay we're done heating
now we're on our way to our hotel on my
only with my brother because our parents
are so eating also atholea we're gonna
go inside the hotel yeah and freshen up
we're back in the hotel I by the way our
agenda for today we will be going to the
Google headquarters Facebook
headquarters and we'll be going inside
the YouTube headquarters I know I can't
wait
down low ready I wish I got nice for
yourself I need the heat I don't know
how people survive it
my I can feel my hand this way I know
what we just arrived here but we're
going to eat lunch break I don't know
where but we might have I'm not feeling
well ok now we're going to head to the
New Democratic Party okay we have got
out was when you can pack warriors I'll
get a mess - Robin entertaining for all
my I'm gonna get my usual which is thank
you I got blazed
the Austrian diet I got into that one
then - oh god I don't know not a coconut
so we just got here in the sink with
headquarters and we're just going to
take a picture right there
then after this we'll be going to the
Google headquarters so again take some
pictures channel she's in every blogging
in her new YouTube channel click melody
hallelujah at the least I don't even -
that alia for the win ah we just arrived
here at the Google headquarters and
there are a lot of bikes that you can
use like in the back cool I've been
wanting to ride a bike here in the US
you just need to attend this after you
use it sources apparently avenges calls
a cheese like
good morning today is festival day 3 and
they will be won't even grant on their
plots like the Golden Gate Bridge and a
lot more so custome really excited in
your iPad right now to have brunch
because we will go pretty way of we woke
up around 11 or 10 that is the last
night we got home like 1 a.m.
that we're also desires okay we just
drive here at our first destination
which is the Palace of Fine Arts here at
the Roundhouse couple years ago taken
Chris oh so Angelo and I got this Banana
Nut muffin and we're actually eating
with a view is a raffle so I was like
okay we're back in the car and I'll see
you guys at our next destination
okay we are now at the Painted Ladies
okay so we're gonna okay the Painted
Ladies are known for their architecture
those are called Victorian houses so
yeah
so we parked at Walgreens we're going to
buy something from there do but we are
going to go to Joe's coffee as a
favorite coffee shop here in San
Francisco so by the way it's already
like Tennessee up here but the Sun is
still out so you wouldn't really know it
and it's already late because you know
so bright Mexico of u6 basically six
yeah it's already dark so we are on our
way to IHOP we're going to eat breakfast
there and we're feeling waves have you
guys seen that videos like the different
types of ways voices you know
so I got chicken fingers economist
courage and radical boys know if you're
good you know sick I think we're going
to go through the Fisher Fisher man wars
on what denied president the common
picture we're going to go back to the
hotels and we're going to write a cable
car once again and also say one for the
air hey guys so I got here in our hotel
room and I won't be going out because I
made a friend in their own procedure
they playing with your for this better
yeah speaking of a tip spinner I'll be
giving away from such as Poonam because
you're doing something to spinners since
I got a lot from VidCon and if you
mobile when you guys to this purple one
ever since I posted my VidCon vlogs
which I will link down below you guys
have been commenting Bella giveaway you
participated because to be honest I
really know what to do with all of my
head is spinning because okay so there
will be three winners for this giveaway
and each winner will win one digit
spinner so the rules are subscribe to my
channel that's Bella follow me on
Instagram and Twitter and like my
Facebook page also links will be down
below then you have to share not this
video but this video which I will link
down below is when I met Katie nice that
on Facebook so you can just copy paste
the link on Facebook connects your
critical and comment down below why you
want to win this giveaway will end on
this date and winners will be announced
on my Instagram and by the way this is
an intern
I'll give away so all of you guys can
enter by the way my brother Angela
pointing in is also going to have a
fidgets when I give away so if you want
to check it out out I'll put the link
down below now it's time for me to relax
because I really need it because like
last night I slept like 1 a.m. because I
posted a blog for you guys I know
because it's so stressful for me and I
don't put a blog though I will be taking
this opportunity to go into the bathtub
and use my lush bath balm ok I'll hop in
the bath no and obviously I need to end
the vlog right now so in today's like
this video if you did make sure to do
with a ring thumbs up and make sure to
subscribe to be part of the hashtag
bellezza and you get notified whenever I
post a new video of you guys in my next
one and don't forget yours as well
amazing
