Peisistratus about today is June 26 into
Monday and I wasn't really planning to
vlog today on because today was supposed
to be an editing day because I haven't
edited my VidCon gloves
but I'm meeting up for the will they
make you like on a budget one of my good
friends for me I'm really happy that
he's here in LA I only knew yesterday
services of Isis sorry
where we going right now if you're going
to his no cell and right wait I haven't
met the community so I brought my pad
it's better thank the gun it we got a
lot of business dinners there currently
is a lot of waiting room while waiting
how can you play with my registered
arrested by other eye problems burgers
on the other I just met alodia hell no
nice to meet you again yeah sure we got
a lot on that gun so hey chocolate
you're new but chocolates all waking up
we did it back from in and out
like three double-doubles extra fries
and Jaka
you just not waken up right now on our
way to Starbucks
oh my god Walter's the war because the
low needs coffee because you said right
there Starbucks so I got a safe chase
you have a brawl and all it take the
organization's result it's likely
there's big changes little just eviction
once I'm out of the us done been to the
triggers bull means we're going to hold
it Oh big nigga devotee what is this big
trick in the pudding you guys got my
pink drink
we're just talking about Somalia Coffee
time
no actually you might just all day by
Justin acting like a janitor for the
blind I didn't imagine me joy used to
make so many videos right maybe she
wouldn't get that many music was it our
heart soul in our videos and once I
realized click bathing or like making a
title something about captivating then
that you started like skyrocketing like
five times
the important conflict manager
so that lactose whatever
you really have to make a good family
title if you want you okay the first one
coming Vanina so now we are going to the
Welcome fails make any investment
nominee should go to the bottom card the
Philippines palaeontological I'm sorry
recreate the picture yeah our subject in
which we tried once like days ago
tonight two weeks ago about a week ago
but we failed
oh yeah because it's a Honda Pilot
amazing job also we didn't make it hey
Bailey hahaha
she's not wearing a bra no we cannot
recreate the picture because it's Lois's
there's like the premier going on oh my
gosh I just inhaled smoke except you
weren't supposed to recreate this
picture we took this way back in 2010
and it's not even focusing so we are
going back to the lobby because bill is
like without a jail sentence
by the way I did any blog when we were
at Starbucks as you know I wanted to
catch up with rel and of course also
follow you because it was their first
time hearing so time check it is 5:22
p.m. are we going next and this hike is
our cue I think we're going to eat
dinner here we go so he can a see your
picture with films
oh thanks stratum things go like Oh ease
down let me do a quick old heating for
you guys so I got my own frozen
youth yeah and my topic from H&M PSSs
IRA and she's our friend Paul Bern keep
Harvard Harvard he's like my best day hi
Jenna we say hi to people is that maybe
I'm sorry on the minor issues Angelo
we're going to see PKA dinners I usually
order pasta from Recife gay but I just
had us all yesterday so I don't know you
how to get that so we're still in the
waiting list those because like 15 to 20
minutes anyway okay I'm going to guess I
left right now yes if you want to meet
that Bella or makes her go all the way
to 500,000 jobs all meeting Grayson yeah
for so long
take over I'm Meghan MA
so we've been waiting for like 30
minutes already without your support and
make it I need food we have 26 15 to 20
minutes I know just like 30 minutes
I know it's not people easy gonna get
through it is me I'm thought you're
gonna be angry okay jeez songul thank
you my man finally we have got our pizza
Hawaiian hands and chicken barbecue so
let's see so we're done eating and now
we're heading home I won't get too rose
anymore because I'm full
even though I only ate like two slices
of you so how was dinner okay so I just
got home and finally I will be able to
end the vlog so I see guys like this
video if you did make sure to give it a
big thumbs up and make sure to subscribe
to be part of the hash tag Bella fam
and so that notified whenever I post a
new video I'll see you guys in my next
one
and don't forget your lab smell amazing
bye
you
