Jesus credit for today is the last day
of the gone
I don't want fiscal to and shortly
content and he demanded for my sister by
my feet my feet weariness of my shoes
he's a bit gone volunteer so they got
normal guys I like my hair I mean my
skull
thanks Angela welcome when I was caring
for my shoes but I protected my mom at
all you have yellow under you can't see
oh yeah
I'm any 4sp be holding a start is there
anybody so I have my three minutes left
hi I'm sorryi'm Bella you help every
time to go to Bolivia to have a lot of
time for I do yeah yeah my you guys I
don't know if you guys know her but my
friend Kat she's in the home alive and
she's found the building so I wanted to
go with her family to visit her family
out there okay first I feel like I have
to go eventually to get to the grill
Olympics I remember yeah happily people
answered my question towards it up
Willam a little more maybe Oh me so now
I'm at this very community space because
I'm waiting for lights up so she's going
to have us a Gabriel and junkies are
going here
now I'm going to half-life although I
know really fat but you know okay this
is so yeah I'm going to eat a Cassidy
I'm not sure but
hi little stream I'm sorry yeah five
units yes sir hey that's Mela thank you
guys thank you
thanks for subscribing thank you okay
time to check it is my fate ESPN and the
season even a constructed at life
okay that's why babies yeah I said it
bye babies play while reserving a seat
for my brother Angelo for the man okay
the guy says hockey is on his way on his
way
stay for here after hours
did you happy
I don't know things are gone the roman i
doing are pushing the envelope of FX
genre and love no meaningful questions
for that i am technically innovative
wall
I must assume our loans like okay
they're like kicking us out already you
might go to knives of awesome it's like
worki and he's a nice I will be there
okay we are going to the night of
Awesome and we're here in there you know
then it's full already sewn up
so we left the arena
the only creators I saw where case and I
sat and the Barden Bellas
Mumma sue them yeah but my mom said
there are a lot of like speech' graders
finesse instead of so yeah yeah yeah dog
so now we're out looking for youtubers
here those the goddess none please
enroll in any of them because it's
happening right now but like the thing
is a lot of users are overground not
easy we're just kind of sad to us like
I'm not really into musically but like
and forever youtubers hey guys so it has
been like I've got a week after VidCon
I'm so sorry
but now we're going to show you guys the
stuff that we got some big gone and
sorry if I'm like winning my voice
because my sister sleeping okay know
start I got this Hasbro gaming t-shirt
and a glass broke and I got this famous
birthday I got this my song shades
yeah shows about one did you get one I
have to dig for mine sobbing I have that
kind of justification and then I got
this like spam I got this is me hat when
I owe my business patients don't forgot
that how about you did you I'll often do
you watch it and then when we were in a
ball pit for their company
I saw something squish to you so I think
that's why she spoke a specific cuz I
love squishy yeah like she has a
collection
I think you become the need to we went
into the vending machine and I have pair
socks promotion yeah yeah I got a couple
good endings kitchen for designing your
own doughnut I got a free Hot Wheels car
or you know my sister's a week don't
worry we're gonna go to Target Underland
something I love you like stickers and
we got one where I go yeah this Animal
Jam is random but I got a lot of
stickers so I got a portable charging
from fullscreen it's charging okay is
speechless and I got a beats off in full
screen perks of being a wallflower the
keywords pass through okay I got three
of all these pops from - oh my Disney
book and well then I don't really like
lobby possible yeah I don't like freebie
okay so as to make your own snicker
energy shared station I got 50 shirt one
do it then with princess iris princess
and then I have another one okay so I
got these bookmarks free books mark says
thank you play through and I got like a
fun spirit so I got this at the hubris
lemonade and I got this at Waterville
are they were giving up the youth free
sticker I'm going why not
and I got another larva sticker Lardon
hey Marv a sticker and I also had to go
any knee injury Hall I met Brooklyn and
Bailey oh I thought I got a two nothing
to do that and I had ones at 19 and then
I got this new are ten cable from larvae
soiree sits on the charger so I got this
water bottle at full screen I got a lot
of things from going soon and then
there's this really cool thing at
couvert lemonade and then it's like a
flipbook when you jump into the pit and
fast motion picture I got some this
portable water bottle full screen and I
got like two these at the Maltesers I
got these two lip balms
terekhov I think they're trying to tell
me something because during Abed gone I
had like super chestnuts and then I got
this hot ghost card I don't even know
something resistance you've all you'll
be doing doing a guerrilla fighter and
it's a smaller version and it's red and
then favorite anime task the vending
machine I want Lufthansa around
yes smells like lemonade ha so there's
this thing my face over a minute you
have this pic and scream YouTube or
physically which one would you pick we
put your name really add your favorite
youtuber
oh you don't answer that question who's
your favorite youtuber and then you get
a prize oh my god this VidCon marker and
then we got a lot of chocolate such
Snickers mmm it is healthy my blog and
she loved my VidCon day 1 and day 2 dog
even would know what I did with these
M&M yeah letting out a lot that we got a
gusher
from the dive lounge to makers and a lot
more basically yeah we got a lot of
chocolate face it better tail a pompom
wow you really know too ya know
hashtag sister love a charger and
sticker a holloway okay I got a
sweatband for Maltesers yes I don't
really wear sweatpants that top of it
okay I got to whose it's lemonade
stickers I do you have a lot of modules
I got a white pop socket and then I put
my name on it and lastly we got a lot in
ER
I don't a miss main in six I don't even
know calm down on dongs registration to
the gun like seven gone trend yeah like
you very long either
most of them are G stitching lines and
then some of them are up time long time
and I got one from the German model zero
and I went to the booth that's why I
have this country Lebanon Missouri
inside east into the spinners I don't
even know what I'm that when the ones
that I go that is it for this video if
you guys liked it make sure to give this
a big thumbs up and make sure to
subscribe to be part of the hashtag
balazar and to get notified whenever I
post a new video also guys in my next
one
and don't forget your that Bell amazing
good morning
