hey let's try this ball today I'm going
to be showing you guys something I got
for back-to-school well I'm actually not
yet going back to school physical hahaha
Chamberlain big thanks to National
Bookstore for taking me to a shopping
spree and stay to the end of the video
because I bought some things for you
guys as well
when mm when I was at the calendar and I
was about to say I'm using my GC in the
mitigation and National Bookstore una
canci√≥n of being in the copolymer map to
my field GC so when I saw your mom
project are elegant so I bought three if
you guys did not know project Ariel is
that one back-to-school campaign which
aims to deliver basic school supplies to
students in the public schools but yeah
I encourage you guys to donate as well
ever since I was a kid I always shop at
National Bookstore because Vegas parents
and students convenience but is from the
options and a super selection of
products national bookstore has a wide
array of notebooks pens markers pencils
and other items that will definitely
suit your own style so let's see what I
got okay so I only got a few items since
I don't really know what to buy it
because I don't have the list of my
school requirements okay the first thing
that I got from nationals story ends
of course unload work because you guys
know Bella you guys know me I love
notebooks because this drop jackpot book
is from bando and this is how it looks
like inside and it's pastel you guys
know I miss my pastel colors and it has
lines papers inside so it's perfect for
note-taking
this next one that I got is super cool
because I was able to customize my own
notebook at national books or papers bar
so this is how it looks like and it says
got Bella Ohio 4 million on color also
the type of paper so I chose my box is
one part of my 101 and it says that Nala
and Holden in communism and then the
challah guy and son Holloway so I chose
some little but yeah I got this the next
couple of things that I got are these
cute cool it boards like
and these are only 100 pesos each
okay now let's move on to the pens which
are my favorite as well you guys know
how much I love collecting terms I don't
really know why I collect it's just I
don't really know ever since I was a kid
I loved collecting pens so I got a set
of metallic ball pens and these are from
dong a so this set comes with seven
colors of money openness so it has
silver which is my favorite also gold
bronze pink purple blue and green I
absolutely love using metallic ball pens
to write on my planner because I don't
know that profits are boring but you
know so cool that you talked about
things on your new garnet
so I bought a set of gel pens and these
are from dong a as well and I don't know
I just loved my job options and these
are the 0.51 I also wanted to get
markers so these are from Stabilo so man
of brown blue purple pink green orange
yellow and more and because I want to
practice my calligraphy skills I bought
this letter pen from Zig so the humidity
for succulents no Justin so it's your
fillable and this is how it I mean it's
another beautiful kind of my field brush
then if I have like the brush version of
this week I'll get it
oh okay I am back and it's not like a
miracle like brush tip shop
most of July focus where the Virginia
Bible info follow hole on the show
Consulting Group week but in order use
the score school as well because of
color back
now let's we want to discuss that
National Bookstore gave me so they gave
me this adorable low-fat from Kate Spade
like I also got a blue and red ball bag
from I pen and of course I also got
black and of course as a food that you
have to highlight all the important
details so I got highlighters and I've
never had like jet stick on highlighters
before so this is gonna be pretty
interesting like lettuce all of the book
songs in hand cuz like when you
highlight so it's so satisfying like I
got one in pink yellow orange and green
and these highlighters are from Gong a
then I got chameleon markers which are
super cool cause you can make like an
ombre effect when you're like coloring
something okay well okay let's try to
test this out so step one remove the pan
from the mixing chamber
okay choose your name bullet or brush
and remove the cap okay hold the pen in
the vertical position gently paste the
mixing chamber unseasonal the two names
will touch so it won't go home buying oh
my friend can you guys see that 15
seconds doc on your game zone and didn't
count who this is so what if you love
drawing or coloring totally recommend
this and by the way I got it colors
summer sun and crimson red okay that is
everything that I got for myself now
let's move on to the giveaway because of
course I didn't forget about my belt and
because I love my belt on my belt an
example amazing love you guys
there will be three minutes for this
giveaway three of you guys will be
winning this cute notebook this won't
look that says notes a set of gum a
metallic Walton this adorable clipboard
a fairy castle mechanical pencil instead
low highlighter with Epictetus a mini
stapler a wiper mister correction piece
a mop and eraser a set of color vest and
of course a pencil case fun we done
again here but if the highlighter both
pens pens and stuff like that now let's
move on to the giveaway rules first you
have to be subscribed to my channel
that's Bella then you have to follow me
on my Instagram and Twitter and like my
Facebook page all the link will be down
below then you have to repost this
picture on Instagram with the hashtag
that's Bella YT then you have to share
this video on Facebook and comment down
below what you love about back-to-school
season together with your facebook name
and your instagram username winners will
be announced on my instagram on you 16
friday so that is it for this video if
you guys like this make sure to give it
a big thumbs up and make sure to
subscribe to be part of the hashtag
bells on and to get notified whenever I
post a new video and don't forget to
follow national Webster on Facebook
Twitter Instagram and YouTube at NBS
alert and don't forget to visit blog
National Bookstore calm and shop online
at National Bookstore calm I'll see you
guys in my next video I look great so
much and don't forget your basketball
amazing bye
