hey let's practice Bella today I'm going
to be showing you guys what is in my
purse and if you guys do not know I did
one last year so if you want to check
that out I'll put the link down below
without further ado let's get started
okay this is my purse and it is actually
a hand-me-down bag again from a mom and
it has a leather platform and a metal
cup closure and it also has leather
straps handle and a removable and
adjustable shoulder strap okay now let's
see what's in my purse okay the first
thing that I have in my purse is
unofficial and it is my soul so this is
resentful light smartphone from Asus
thank you so much Asus for sending me
this phone then so life is the world's
first smartphone with Hardware optimized
real-time notifications technology which
is pretty cool so yeah I have this in my
purse to keep my phone alive of course I
need to have my power bank with me and
this is the one from Dawson and I've had
this product three years already if you
guys have seen my um what's my backpack
theme park edition you guys would know
that I have this power bank but you guys
haven't watched it yet I don't recommend
that you guys watch it because it's like
way back in 2015 and I look so people
than Alan oh it's just so crazy okay
don't watch it
hang on and of course I need to have my
charger with me because my power bus
would be useless
they don't ring it right I also have my
earphones with me aren't your plugs
because I always like to jam out to my
favorite music in the car because it's
boring if you don't listen to music and
it just kind of tango right now I'm lazy
okay like it takes forever so on pencils
thumbs up this video if you can relate
and by the way I keep all those in this
pocket so that it will be easy to grab
and organized and you know as a blogger
or youtuber I always need to realize
time around with me because I love
whenever I go to implants and in case I
see like on Instagram where these things
that I need to take a pictorial I
actually cannot show it to you guys
right now because I'm using this book
it's the kind of powershot g7x smart too
because it's summer of course and you
can have my sunglasses with me because I
want to burn my eyes this pair is from
studies and this is how it looks like
it's so funny you guys can see Mary
white folks yep
the struggle is real then I have my Kate
Spade wallet and I've had it for like
two years already so unless you will
decide okay I'm struggling here open up
for once you're open oh there you go
yep I have no money because it's summer
vacation and that needs no button and
that means no money but a fresh breath
all day of course I need to have read so
this is the one from multiple with
doubles in yep okay excuse my corny joke
but anyways in my purse I also have my
perfume from Giovanni
and I only listen like special occasions
like when me degree YouTube fan spent on
the Sephora event as a chill-out the
best price T which is pretty sad but
this is in the sense nectarine blossom
and honey I should actually put it and
like an optimizer because it's like
super heavy but yeah I have this in my
purse
then I also have my key ticket so this
one says don't forget your backbone make
it amazing amazing then you place your
Beijing I also have my TK kids with me
and this one is pretty cool because it
says don't forget your that's amazing
yes girl and at the back said hashtag
Bella fans so let's see what so let's
see what's inside in Waikiki I can I
have my mainland compact powder so that
I can touch up whenever I wearing makeup
that day because my huge forehead always
tends to get only all the time so yeah
this is an essential for me and to
remove the excess oil I also have my own
control film from clean and clear and I
also have my mirror from lose all my
reserve blush from benefit my eyelash
curler from Shu Uemura and my roller
lash mascara from benefit
my Sephora lip balm because limits are
always chopped a moisturizing with me
from happy skin my benefit gimme brow a
pack of pocket tissue a mini venison
a hair sanitizer from Bath & Body Works
because germs are nasty
a hair brushes that I got from a hotel
surface and lastly I have this which
acts as a couplet for my braces so that
is everything that in my purse I hope
you guys liked it if you did make sure
favorite a big thumbs up and make sure
to subscribe to be part of the hashtag
battle Sun and
sighs whenever I post a new video I'll
see you guys in my next one
and don't forget yours as well amazing
why
