hey let's try this fella last April 25
we hit 100,000 subscribers 100,000
subscribers I'm still in shock like I
still can't believe that I hit that
milestone when I started my youtube
channel I didn't even tell myself that I
should get 100,000 subscribers because
my only goal until now is just to keep
uploading videos because that's what I
truly love throughout my youtube life I
realized that it takes a lot of hard
work to make this career on YouTube and
a big part of that is growing this
audience really regularly come back to
your channel to watch your content you
guys have been a huge part of my life I
want to say you guys all so much and I
wish I could hug every single one of you
but all I think is now is a virtual hug
I love you okay moving on today I'm
gonna be doing one of the most requested
videos which is my family routine so you
guys will be able to keep what I do
during my filming day scope this off
further as you let us get started
good morning so the first thing that I
do when I wake up is obviously yawn and
then I get my phone go on my social
media I should we go on YouTube first to
watch to some of my favorite youtubers
and then I go on Twitter and of course
you gotta send those streaks to my
friends so I always go on snapchat every
morning and of course how could I forget
about instagrams random if you want to
follow me on my social media the links
will be down below a shameless plug
after using my phone I will attempt to
make my bed
then I will be turning off light very
light after that I'll be heading
downstairs eat breakfast but I don't
really use that much during breakfast so
let's discuss that after breakfast I'll
be charging everything that I need for
filming so my camera battery my phone
and my laptop then I'll be going to the
conference room to brush my teeth
because it's an essential and then I'll
be taking a bath and here are some of my
bath essentials
after taking a bath I will usually let
my hair air dry and then I'll do my
makeup if you guys want me to make like
a video showing how I do my filming
makeup then comment down below
but yeah I don't really put a lot of
makeup on my face because it takes a lot
of time and yeah I don't really like
heavy makeup you guys know what I mean
after doing my makeup I'll wait for my
hair to dry but let's be real here air
dry your hair takes a lot of time so
ain't nobody got time for that so I
always tend to blow dry my hair seeking
your bear have you guys noticed I'm back
at it again with the short hair if my
hair is dry I'll brush my hair inward ok
now it is time to set off my ring lights
my tripod and my camera this is quite
tiring but you know it's going to be
worth it
after setting up it's now time to film
which is the most most slow firing part
but yeah this is how it looks like
behind the scenes after filming is now
time to keep all of my equipment so my
room will be messy
of course I gotta give myself a break so
my break consists of removing my makeup
going on my phone
drinking water and all that stuff after
roughing it is now it's time to edit it
is my most favorite part and by the way
if you guys are wondering I use Final
Cut Pro to edit my videos but actually
this is the longest process of like
making a YouTube video but you know even
though it's tiring I still love it so
I'll just edit edit edit edit and edit
until I am tired and that is it for my
filmy routine so that is it for my show
may be seen I hope you guys liked it if
you did make sure to give it a big
thumbs up and make sure to subscribe to
be part of the hash tag welcomed and
they get notified whenever I post a new
video I'll see you in my next one and
don't forget your that ball amazing run
you
