hey let's try to see Bella and what - my
name's Angela for the win so today we'll
be doing a never have I ever challenge
so I asked you guys on Twitter to ask
God never have I ever questioned and the
rules of this game is simple sample
never have I ever edit sandwich so if
you have yet to read a paper with have
on it okay without further ado let's get
started well never have I ever had a
crush on someone
1 2 3 go never have I ever cheat during
exams 1 2 3
never never have I ever lost my phone 1
2 3
where and the hobbit place of someone
yeah I'm a few Oh mine's a house play
Mouse Allah I get clothes from a closet
and then I place my phone so funny
and then later on all over for it then
I'll be like where did I put my phone
have you ever seen so loud and people
stared at your life you committed a
crime
Oh Oh how's that 1 2 3
how's that I don't get I'm asking if you
offer oh yes true true yeah so like
everyone looks at me so like every time
luggage a girl Annie's parents a public
place or the school I tried to hold it
because I sneeze so loud other girls are
like and I'm like no never have I ever
slept in math class
1 2 3 ok if you said slept in class I
did it once
we are watching a boring documentary it
was so boring I do not even though I'm
like super sleepy during class I tried
to refuse to please never have I ever
been trapped in an elevator
3 2 1 go huh ok we were in Japan we were
I was sending as a Lea back to the hotel
room because she was sleepy my dad was
in this like dessert restaurant so I was
gonna go down and not realizing the
button wasn't pushed I was trapped in
the elevator for a solid on two minutes
and then I realized that the button
impressed so I'm like oh never have I
ever even spoiled three two one go
I don't know what it's called but I
didn't know exact I so right after I ate
that I'm like an hour after I'm
listening to see her for like 30 minutes
okay that time I was about to drink my
vitamins and a pair of plus it's sour
and then sour saroo yeah oh you know the
yellow one does we you know the yellow
serious oh yeah yeah yeah that one it's
kind of sour and I drink my vitamins
with milk so we all of us been yeah so
you know I got milk you know I tracked
my vitamins and later on I Drive the
milk and I didn't even notice that the
milk was loyal never have I ever called
by my teacher because I'm noisy or not
listening I don't know if they called me
because I'm not listening I say yeah I
was because because I was talking to my
friend no time I a la la la la also the
teacher called me while he was
discussing I'm not quite sure if he
called me because la la la or just
randomly call me I don't really know
never have I ever been bullied in school
so you know the story okay me until now
I got worried a lot yes true my
mentioning her you 'cimmanon in an
annoying way never have I ever fainted
okay when you read under watch on the
princess and I game of customers oh you
didn't face I almost did I wasn't the
best of that time
the worst part about that is when we
were while we were going to the arena
she was puking and we almost didn't get
to watch the game okay never have I ever
cried because of food three two one go
why is a silly about me small fries and
McDonald's yeah the final you want you
wanted large yeah me because we went to
this restaurant and I've all cells out
there scar when I are there so I was
pretty excited but when we got there I
looked at the menu and I didn't see any
carbonara and then ice cream
but the shop cooked me carbonara so I
was pretty happy
never have I ever once at a school
clinic for no reason 3 2 1 go Wow hello
I thought you did but how many times
have you gone to the school this school
year one to sing on one I was busy - I
sprained my foot
how poor Arthur why uh oh I know why
this me you were sent to school by your
son complies huh
once huh I was never sent home oh I
don't think I was sent home because my
eyes were educated and then my stomach
hurt and then now where have you ever
cried in front of your friends
no no no don't tell them okay so you
have never mind okay fine I probably had
I probably did it once one time I don't
know I come on I have okay what why I am
submitting cuz he doesn't want to sell
it to me and bigger than that you
couldn't end up never have I ever ridden
a surfboard
great - window well there well there yep
so much fun except for the fact that he
didn't get to balance I was back that
time never ever ever use other person
are you doing no that is it for this
video I hope you guys liked it if you
did make sure to give it a big thumbs up
and subscribe for more content like this
guys make sure to subscribe to Angela
for the way in aka my brother
subscribe as well as well so this will
be
loulou's I'll see you guys in my next
video and don't forget that smell
amazing
bye
