hey dr. Kuzma I am back with another
haul for you guys but I've never done
this kind of haul before so that's going
to be pretty interesting
after a load request finally I'll be
doing a tutorial haul for you guys I
went to the Astoria with my mom and my
sister and it will be pretty fun join me
because everything was so affordable
ok so without further ado let's get
started ok when we got to the Victoria
we went straight to 6 9 8 but we didn't
really find anything there so alarming
videos on so we went to 1 6 8 ok the
first thing that I got from the Victoria
is this organizer and I really loved it
because of its details and I always see
this in like this Astoria hole so that
kind of inspired me to get this maybe
almost like my makeup versus in here or
like 10 12 10 markers stuff like that
and I bought this for 25 pesos ok this
is the most expensive thing that I
bought from this Astoria and it is a
makeup organizer but it says here in
jewelry organizer but you know I'm going
to use it for my makeup I actually have
one right there but it's time small so I
bought a bigger one
ok ok I'm struggling don't you get out
ok finally ok I'm going to remove this
from the plastic so this is how it looks
like and I bought it for 550 pesos which
I know it's kind of expensive but there
are more makeup organized dissolvent
that are like 1000 pencils and that's
why I decided to buy a bit already
so yeah I've had 3 growers I most likely
put my everyday listed here or like on
the lipsticks that I usually write them
or go different because I don't put
lipstick on everyday I will also put
here my lips and learn this bunch and
basically the makeup that I use
frequently if you guys watch my blog you
guys wouldn't know that I wear false
lashes to my event or like special
occasions so that is why I decided to
buy a pack of lashes
so once again I always see this in like
Divisoria holes and when I was in a
subshell out my makeup artist use this
kind of lashes and then I thought into
the story I was like yeah I need to get
that I only bought it for fifty pesos
which is super affordable because it
comes with one two three four dozen hand
turns off both views and by the way I
got it in number two one seven but when
I went to other stalls that sells this
the only sells for like twenty pesos
I like bikini bikini Gaza pretty sad so
you're safe comparison your movie
between a high officer um of Saul's
Madonna sharpener maybe box of my master
Buddha biotin vanilla you can never have
too much airtime so I bought a lot
this contains four take pieces of hair
ties and I only wanted for sixty friends
on okay so this is how it looks like
it's kind of thick and it's not a
stretchy but you know it works and as
you can see I only want that hair tight
because I want to use like colors hair
ties I don't know why but I want my hair
tight to match my hair color if that
mission okay this next one is kind of
random but you know I can use it as a
room decor I bought this one and
basically you can clip like polarized
pictures okay for example let me get a
picture okay for example I want to put
this picture so I'm just going to get a
one and clip and that's it it really
just adds a lot to my room so I'm just
going to add more pictures
did you guys feel like
okay now moving on to the video okay
where was I
oh so I don't really have that much
pictures clips just yet but I'm gonna
add more suing and I also have a basket
you educate attach here and by the way
this is not from Divisoria and I put my
school ID in here so that easy to grab
it the morning this next one that I got
is kind of random but I can use a fairly
close video so I bought this crown was
like golden leaves around it so this is
how it looks like it's kind of her to go
but you know
yes Uganda I should have used this in my
summer gooey makeup video on my hair if
you guys haven't seen that video I'll
put the link down below and I only got
this for fifty pesos okay the next thing
that I got is kind of similar to this
one but it's a flower crown it has white
and pink colored flowers and this is
what it looks like when I put it on
again I can use this for my videos or
like summer parties I got a spare crown
for enterprise presses only okay now
let's move on to this plastic bag I got
how many is it it good I felt like 400
there I got for fashion so this one says
feeling and this one says me and this
one says London and last week a campus I
got these patches sacrifice pesos each
you guys know how much I love my hotdogs
and I always use this never I feel like
makeup related videos but I was like I
want to change it up a little bit so I
bought some more in different colors
because I want
Oh
hey by the way this is also coming to
Soria I got it for 34 tests on so these
are the ones that I've picked out so I
bought three more so this one is color
pink and this one has a leopard print
design and this one is cold and flu and
of course I also bought some stationery
I bought three lucky taste so this one
has taken white stripes
well this one has blue and white stripes
and doesn't have black and white stripes
and no I don't like stripes just giving
I also want a set of wooden clips and
this cost 30 cents off and I also got
chopped white clips which I'm really
excited to use and I got this for 70
cents on okay the last thing that I got
from the Astoria is this flower wrapping
book so I'm going to use this world like
DIYs and by the way I got this for 120
sample it has 16 pieces and oh that
doesn't smell good
but the prints are so cute like it's so
girly I will use this very soon like ooh
at the eye right video okay since I
bought things for myself
of course I won't be for you guys as
well because I love my Belle femme no
there will be two winners only so two of
you will be winning sorry for the
background noise I'm sorry I guess my
diet sorry for the background noise I
can't control the rain two of you will
be winning this container or organizer a
set of wooden clips of course a cat
headband a flower crown
do you watch the tape and a set of cute
dolphins here are the resident giveaway
first you have to subscribe to my
channel
second follow me on my Twitter and
Instagram and like my Facebook page also
it will be down below third you have to
share this video on Facebook next you
have to repost this picture on Instagram
with the hashtag that Bella white teeth
and coming up below your children
Instagram user names and what you want
to
so that is it I hope you guys like this
video if you did make sure to give it a
big thumbs up and make sure to subscribe
to be part of the hashtag battle time
and to get notified whenever I post a
new video and thank you guys so much for
80,000 subscribers like I am still in
shock I love you guys so much and don't
forget your zapable amazing
