heimo slightest flaw finally I will be
showing you guys my skincare routine
because you guys have been requesting it
like and to be honest my skin right now
is not the best I know I have been like
having a lot of peoples in this area but
I'm trying to remove all those by doing
my skin tourism so without further ado
let's get started okay after a long day
of leisure we go straight to the confort
you to do my skincare routine so I will
be pulling my hair back by using a
headband and then it is finally time to
remove my makeup by using this micellar
water from Maybelline always always
always remembers to remove your makeup
before going to bed because keeping with
makeup is Matthew but sometimes I also
like to use is a simple micellar
cleansing wipes dreams the excess makeup
that wasn't removed by the my solid
water
and of course I have to cleanse my face
so I'll be using the setup oh gentle
skin cleanser and my Clarisonic which
healthy reveal healthy and younger
looking skin
I will gently move the brush head in
small circular motions on my forehead
nose and chin and my cheek
to excavate my skin I will be using the
cure natural aqua gel pura is a
fragrance free color free and
preservative free products made from
activated hydrogen water that prevents
oxidation hot science so you can apply
the gel on your face neck or other areas
that are dry and your own as you guys
can see it Jesse catches dead skin so
this is so weird but so cool
after that gently rinse off that skin
with lukewarm water
you will be surprised about this kid
will be so smooth and soft but for
better results use it twice a week since
I have been having a lot of dry areas on
my face I like to use this moisturizer
from st. I basically I will be applying
that on my forehead cheeks nose and my
chin and I'm starting that all over my
face and of course I have to moisturize
my lips because lemons are always dry so
I'll be using this lip balm from the
faceshop
and then I will be finishing my skincare
routine off with this Mario Badescu
facial spray
so that is it for my skincare routine I
know super simple but it really helps my
skin if you guys liked this video make
sure to give this a big thumbs up and
make sure to comment down below what is
your skincare easy and uncertain don't
forget to subscribe to my channel to be
part of the half but Bella but as you
get notified whenever I post a new video
so that is it and don't forget your that
ball amazing
