hey my private slaw so you guys might be
wondering about what is your hair like
this lettuce because today I'm gonna
show you guys how I killed my hair just
a disclaimer I am just a beginner I just
do something learn how to curl my hair
okay without further ado let's just get
started
so to curl my hair I used just a pin one
copy curler step so it comes with eight
bag attachments for the perfect curl so
the profile is personally my favorite
because this makes my life so much
easier when curling my hair so if you're
a beginner I recommend this one so here
are the other barrel attachments come in
this set it also comes with a glove
which is really convenient and a stand
as well
while my hair is still damp I will be
taking the double defining moods because
it provides long-lasting style by
nourishing and protecting hair help
prevent hair issues such a sprint topic
and fly away I always respond saying
solve the product and spread it between
my calm now it is time to rake the
mousse with my hair so I will be
brushing my hands up through my hair
from the front to the back don't forget
to pay special attention to your use and
of course I'm sure the mousse is spread
evenly through your hair using your
fingers or a wide tooth comb then I will
be blow-drying my hair and I recommend
to blow-dry more than air dry because
one it is not time consuming and second
it will help my hair set even stronger
then I'll be parting my hair in the
middle it is finally time to girl so
I'll be taking a small section of my
hair and just basically you're wrapping
that around the barrel and as I said a
while ago my favorite one is the pearl
barrel so that is what I'm going to be
using close if you use of this barrel
attachment your hair will slip off which
is good and make sure to leave your hair
on the barrel for a long time so that
your hair will be fully curled so
basically that is everything that I hope
you dude wrapping my hair around the
barrel and yeah enjoy the following
Clips
so yeah that is how I get wavy or loose
curls perfectionism scible me for
sponsoring this video I really commend
irresistible me because we wanted keeps
up really fast and a second it comes
with a lot of the burial anyways I'm
going on a practice year oh don't worry
because I'll be giving you guys a
discount code so that the stock code is
get 20 off and yet you'll get 20% off
your first purchase the link of a
resistible me will be down below by the
way if you guys liked this video make
sure to give it a big thumbs up and
maybe people start to be part of the
help at valve an answer that notified
whenever I post a new video and we are
driving this and don't forget here that
smell amazing
