hey that's right it's Bella so last week
I turned 15 and I'm so overwhelmed with
all the birthday greetings and birthday
messages that you guys send me on
Instagram Twitter snapchat or even
Facebook is so touched so I want to
thank every single one of you put the
time to greet me and also last forever
11 I had my first ever birthday
meet-and-greet and it was a blast so I
hope everyone who came enjoy speaking of
my birthday today I'll be showing you
guys the stuff that I got from my Bella
fam from sponsors it by the way I'm not
trying to brag at all I just want to
take time to appreciate and thank all of
you guys who gave all these okay I'll
stop rambling now because I have a lot
of gifts to open so let's just get
started so I will be starting up with
hot so they gave me three bags
so this one is neon pink and this one is
colored black and it has like neotec
zippers and this one is a gym bag so I
don't really go to the gym but I think
it's telling me to go to gym but maybe
soon I'll be able to use this Thank You
Huck for all these bags and I also got
something from salad box th and they
collaborated with Mary T so in this box
it has like three products and it has
very key botanical effects cleansing gel
also moisturizing gel
this one is a brow definer pencil Thank
You salad box okay the next thing that
I'll be opening is from my friend and he
got me this bag filled with goodies and
he got me a lot of cute stationery which
is my favorite so he got me this look
book and it has like the American flag
and it says independent and he also got
me a set of color markers used for
painting marking sketching writing the
creating signing etc and then we also
got me a paper cube or basically it's
like post-it notes and it says do what
you love and I also got some decorative
tips are like washi tapes and metallic
ball pens which I really really wanted
so Thank You Josh okay now moving on to
the stuff that I got from my fella BAM
okay let's start off with this one and
it's from Jeannine and she got me cute
notebooks like you guys know me so well
so this one says do something amazing
love doll amazing and this one says love
like Christ thank you so much Geneva
this one is from jury subpoena and she
gave me makeup like it's my first time
to have like the mashido product so this
one is a final powder and it's a shade
ivory glow and I see a lot of youtubers
use this and like makeup tutorials and
this one is a yeah it's an eyebrow
pencil so thank you so much okay so this
one is from
it's a DIY it says your that's about
music and thank you so much the Mesa
practice okay so this one is from Angela
Lysa this is like so cool thank you so
much Angela this one is from pizza and
she gave me some stuff from popular
rocky and you guys know how much I love
pop over Rocky and it's filled with like
a lot of Bible verses and it says
promises you say God says to live by and
this one is like oh it's a calendar and
it says the future all of depends on
what you do today that's true and she
also gave me this mini planner it says
the future is always beginning now no
way it's from Bethany Buddhist clothing
line Lake oh my gosh thank you so much
pizza and I also got a nice wallet from
Stephanie and it says admits one so it's
like a ticket so thank you so much
Stephanie this one is from Erica Benson
and she gave me a notebook and I have a
lot of notebooks right now so I can't
wait to add this to my collection okay
this one is from Vince and I got another
portrait of me late and they have your
drawing skills like right now and it
says that smell amazing at the bottom
and it also came with a necklace that
has a bee on it you guys can see it
because of the light but yeah and that's
me it came with this sweater oh wait no
it's not murder it's a shirt it has like
got secret on it next one is from Elaine
and she got me this notebook and it says
passion for life and I can't wait to use
this so make your name
inside this paper bag comes with a pouch
that says you do with my life well
YouTube is my life and at the back it
has this like Aztec pattern which I love
and it also came with this adorable
stuffed toy
speedy so much at least okay next one is
from Nene's and she got away it has like
digital art at the back that is so cool
the light that's washing it out once
again but that is so cool and it also
came with a set of metallic ball pens
which I'm really really excited to you
and that's the a fur ball teaching which
is used for like your bag or your party
stuff like that this is from Cheska and
she got me okay I think this is a letter
yeah there's a letter thank you so much
and it also came with this bottle that
says my bottle not yours
next is bra okay I have it open it get
it out
while you got it out and it says to my
Valentine I love you okay this one is
from Catherine and PS we're training
with the Sox oh my god it's from ICONic
and it has like these it's like London
themed I guess thank you so much
Catherine okay this one is another
self-portrait don't be like how did you
guys do that like you guys are so
talented
like wow and the positive with this one
I think its size
yep only there's another one
oh wait a penny stock so that is so long
thank you so much Angela the next X next
is from and the cocodes Alice and she
got me makeup from Maybelline and she
got me okay so this one is a lip balm
and it is a Vichy cherry kiss and she
also got me my favorite mascara which is
the hypercar mascara and lastly she got
me a headband not one but two oh this is
gonna be so helpful when I like breakout
or my makeup so thank you so much okay
another one crop up a little rocky from
Shannon dela cruz and she gave me a room
before which is gonna be perfect for my
room and this says with God all things
are possible
okay this next one is from Ashley and
she gave me a Victoria's Secret perfume
like what and this is LV scent and the
slope and you guys know how much I love
this scent thank you so much actually
it's from Janelle I hope I'm saying your
name right
it's from Tyrell and she drew me and oh
my gosh you guys can I have some driving
skills like okay this one is from Nicole
and she got me this I think oh my gosh
there's chocolate inside like so hungry
I thought they want to eat lunch but
there's like a One Direction picture at
the pipe sauce picture and it sounds
like a lot of random stuff in it it has
like washi tape chocolate which is like
my favorite its twigs that guy's gonna
eat this after I open no I'm gonna eat
it right now sorry
okay it also comes with a lollipop oh my
gosh it also comes with a lollipop and
some other candies and some like wooden
pins so thank you so much tickle oh wait
no this is this gift is from Nicole's
sister Nicola wrote me a letter saying
that she wants to see me soon I hope you
see you soon - thank you so much guys
okay love it when there's a problem at
break and he gave me this picture frame
with like amazing details it's Sofia and
it has like my family picture in it I
know where you got this it's from
Instagram and it also has a card I think
okay yeah it's a long message she said
it has again my fellow you picture
another family picture and it cost oh my
gosh that is so long Wow it says don't
forget to it that's well amazing that is
thank you thank you so much brother okay
this one is from Johnny
I thought what is this virtual reality
glasses
I think where's this comp it's like of
the yarn how does this work
I don't know how this rigs but I'll try
to find out later
oh yeah another one is from Marilla and
she gave me this adorable bracelet and
it has like a flamingo there thank you
so much Marilla okay another one is from
wen Yan you know I don't know if I'm
pronouncing your name right but thank
you so much for your gift it's a photo
printer set and I really need this for
my room so thank you
it's from the avila Luna and she gave me
this oh my gosh oh it's a bottle this is
so cute
and she also gave me this camera wallet
thank you so much daya okay next is from
Louisa okay she got me two pairs of
socks and these aren't gonna be so
helpful because recently it has been
like so cold here so thank you so much
okay this one is from Jordans it's so
bad at pronouncing names but I got this
like cute gift set it includes a memo
pad notebook 6 note cards with 6
matching envelopes
is from Venice amazing and she got me
okay watch this it's a shirt and it has
fries and burgers over it it also came
with this okay another one is from
Joella and she gave me a set of wooden
pins but this time it has like the signs
on it it has like Monday Tuesday
Wednesday Thursday so on so thank you so
much okay next one is probably shell
Alva and she caught me - two pairs of
socks and this one is Anna and this one
is Elsa and she also got me a necklace
and it has like this gold details and at
the bottom it has like this rock okay
this one is from the least she wrote me
a lovely letter thank you so much movies
and she also got me this shirt and it's
purple and it says squad this this is
from Jane and she got me this oh I think
this is like a diffuser and it's in
decent rows so thank you so much this is
from Alana and she wrote me a letter and
she also got me the stickiness folder
which will come in handy really sue its
own another gift is from Chloe oh my
gosh it is so
Google it says Bella and it says you're
awesome and inspiring thank you so much
and there's another thing inside and it
says happy birthday Bella and an
explosion box I think that's what it's
bought but it's covered all my pictures
and make the letters thank you so much
for all the effort and it comes with a
rose to me thank you
this one is from Arielle and she got me
a hairbrush which I badly need like
every day because my hair is always like
suppose thank you for one over there
brush and she also got me this
watermelon pouch or a coin purse okay
this is from Patricia and she got me a
shirt and it has a pad so thank you so
much for your truck okay from where and
just she got me a little pony stuff toy
and she also wrote me a letter so thank
you so much this one is from Mary joy
and she got me pissed it says happy
birthday Bella it has like my pictures
and some emojis okay this one is from
Jules and inside it has a had 13 also a
pair of socks so thank you so much I see
more chocolate an elephant stuck toy
also an alpaca bag a notebook and also a
unicorn Patrick which you can iron on
like a shirt or something or like a
denim jacket yes Dairy Milk Hershey's
and she also wrote me a letter
thank you so much Freya okay this next
one is from Isabel and she got me this
clutch and it's black and this will be a
pretty handy pickle too like a prom
which I have never been to the board or
like if-then stuff like that so thank
you so much Isabel wrong tree
she got me this box of Allah it's like a
stick pattern and inside o 2 keychain
and there's like your that's both
amazing and it has a keychain that has a
letter B on it and it has this like
notepad and it has a letter too so thank
you so much Gina ok this big one is from
Jana and she got me this one it and it's
a lazy sofa basically you can use this
when you're camping or when you're like
outdoors so thank you so much ok this
one is from EJ and she gave me this at
school and yes she is my schoolmate and
she got me this like cute DIY basically
it's like he put cotton balls inside and
like food coloring correct me if I'm
wrong I'm sorry is like that it it has a
unicorn here and it says that's well
amazing so thank you EJ's ok I also got
something that is from some of you guys
so this one is from Ashley charlie and
Ryan that is so sweet of you guys and I
also got something from Mary joy cause
like my pictures inside and says happy
birthday and another picture of me this
is from Thea Navarro he is like one of
the admins of our belt on group chat and
she gave me this sticker and it says
that's Bella hey this one is from
Michael and this one is from Joanne and
this is like so cool you guys because
look it's like so long Oh
it's from Mary joy navara thank you so
much so that is everything that I got
for my birthday I am like so shocked
because I didn't expect that it will be
this many if you guys like this video
make sure to give it a big thumbs up and
make sure to comment down below when is
your birthday and make sure to subscribe
to be part of the hashtag Bella fam that
is it and don't forget here that's well
amazing
bye
you
