hey that's right it's Bella I am super
excited for today's video well I think I
say that in every video that I felt but
I am just so hyper right now because
I'll be showing you guys my January
favourites and by the end of the video
I'll be telling you guys my
meet-and-greet details so without
further ado let's get started
my lips have been so chapped lately like
so I have been using this lollipop from
benefit and I can tell you guys that
this is one of the best the folks that I
have ever tried this local has been in a
lot of my videos already it's in
volleyball and it's in the buff Loni
bomb it moisturizes your lips very well
so also my favourite of all which is
real I'm off from benefit it's now time
for the lips so I will be using my
volleyball and that just shows how much
I love it if you guys have seen my
eyebrow routine which I will link down
below in case you haven't seen it yet
but you will know that I lose this brow
gel this is the one from benefit it's
simply Ready Set brow gel and I just
love this so much because it has an
invisible finish well it's a clear brow
gel so and it has inflexible and flake
free formula which makes it easy to
apply and quit the dry which is amazing
so if you're looking for like a perfect
brow gel this is the one because even
though you go swimming your eyebrows you
will still look on quick of course I
want my skin to be moisturized all day
so I have been using this body butter
from the body shop and it can be sent
back oh I can smell this all day it says
it's suitable for normal or dry skin
that I have and it has merging African
cocoa butter to keep skin soft and
hydrated and that is why I love it Body
Shop has a lot of body butters and I
can't wait to buy more I think all of
you know that I wear makeup whenever I
go to dance are gonna write film but by
the end of the day I want to remove my
makeup right away flat right so I use
this deep cleansing oil from the face
shop and I love this so much because it
removes my makeup like so fast like I
will you put like a little bit of
product on a cotton pad and wipe it on
my face and it really does a great job
you guys
I recommend this many of you guys have
been asking me about the makeup brushes
that I use so I use this brush set from
Real Techniques this is the core
collection one and it comes with a
buffing brush detailer brush pointed
foundation brush and a contour brush I
absolutely love how soft it is and how
it glides up my skin this won't be a
that's what a favorites video if I won't
show you guys my favorite perfumes so I
have been loving this Victoria's Secret
bombshell fragrance mist and this has
been my go-to perfume lately and I love
this because of its fresh sweet and
fruity scent another Victoria's Secret
body was that I have been loving is this
one and it is in scent and the slope and
a lot of my classmates don't like the
smell of this like they say that it
smells like medicine I don't know about
you guys but I love how this smells okay
the next thing that I have been loving
are my sunnies and I love Sonny so much
and whenever I wear this like I get a
lot of compliments I wear this in my
Hong Kong blog if you guys haven't seen
it I'll put the link down below but so
nice if you guys are wondering this is
the 101 and I just I'm obsessed with it
do I look cool now and my last favorite
thing for the month of January is this
cider and my goal for this year is to be
more organized I have been using this a
lot lately especially because I have
like a lot has like filming studying or
doing my mr. chemists are going to the
mall stuff like that so this has been a
huge help to organize my schedule that
is everything that I have been loving
for the month of January now let's move
on to my visit details I'm training 15
next month and what better way to
celebrate it that is fun it with my
loved ones that's why today I am super
excited to enough that I'll be having my
first ever birthday meet-and-greet on
February 11 2017 at 2 p.m.
somewhere in V DC to give Metro Manila
however this event is only limited to 40
guests so to enter you must be
subscribed to my channel that's Bella
and you must be following me on my
social media accounts like Twitter
Instagram and like my Facebook page all
the links of my social media cast will
be down below then you have to repost
this picture on Instagram with the
hashtag that's below YTM empty and
that's the comment down below what you
love about my channel I will be picking
the winners on January 27th so make sure
your IG account is set to public so that
I can see your entry then I will be
announcing the winners on the following
page and white 38 and if you will make
sure you gotta firm your odds and ends
on or before February 1 otherwise your
slot will be offered to someone else and
by the way if you're 18 years old and
below make sure to ask your parents
permission before you cut so that is it
for this video if you guys liked it make
sure thing with a big thumbs up and make
sure to subscribe to be part of the
hashtag Gotham and to get notified
whenever I post a new video I am so
excited to meet and hope some of you
guys yeah that is all about I can say
and don't forget a that's
amazing bye
you
