hey that's right Isabella and oh my gosh
it's study seventeen like what this is
my first ever video for this year which
I'm really really excited about because
I have a lot of videos planned for you
guys
speaking of this video I'll be showing
you guys my go-to makeup using benefit
products personally benefit is one of my
favorite makeup brands because these
products are just so easy to use and by
the way just a disclaimer I am just 14
I'm just starting up to use makeup so
I'm not yet a pro if you want to see how
I did this makeup look just keep on
watching okay I know my skin right now
is not the best but we're gonna fix it
later on you obviously don't want your
hair to be all over your face all doing
your makeup so put on a headband first
off we need to prime our face so I'm
using the professional matte rescue and
this is my secret weapon to defeat pores
and shine and I'm also gonna prime my
eyebrows using the Bravo conditioning
primer I have a primer I have a
foundation aa primer found in everybody
but we will be combining those two for
our base
and some of you guys might be taking
Bella why are we combining those two
well this will help our foundation not
to look too cakey with a flat foundation
brush I'm just gonna put a super thin
layer on my face because I still want
this stuff to be natural you can either
use a beauty blender or a dense
foundation brush for blending the
foundation
it is now time to conceal my huge iron
back using my point concealer make sure
to apply your concealer using your
middle finger so that it would be gentle
now it is time to blend blend blend with
a Beauty Blender to set that all in I'll
be using the Porefessional Agent Zero
shine translucent powder and this
product is amazing because it comes with
a brush at the bottom
now it is time for my favorite part the
brow so I actually have a separate video
for my eyebrow routine so I'll put the
link down below and after doing the
brows I'll be curling my lashes using my
curl lash
now it is time to apply mascara so I am
using the roller lash mascara I will be
applying mascara on my top and bottom
lashes to add color to my cheeks I'll be
using the penitent and I'll be applying
three dots per cheek and of course you
gotta get that glow so I'm using the
Watts up highlighter and just apply it
across your cheekbones and of course
don't forget to blend and finally it's
not time for the lip so I will be using
my lolli bone so did you guys like it if
you did make sure to give this video a
big thumbs up and comment down below
your go-to makeup because you know I
would love to know and if we're new to
my channel hi my name is Bella and it
would mean a lot if you guys subscribe
to be part of the hashtag Bella fam
thank you so much Benefit Cosmetics for
sponsoring this video and yeah that is
it and don't forget that smell amazing
bye
you
