hey that's right it's ma for today's
video I will be doing what I got for
Christmas video since you guys requested
it I wouldn't be doing this video if you
guys did not requested so I'm not trying
to brag in any way shape or form I just
want to take time to appreciate and
thank all the people who gave all these
and just a disclaimer I know that
Christmas is not about the gift it's
about giving and sharing your blessings
so yeah I just want to put it out there
so let's just department okay so I'll be
starting off with gifts that I got from
my schoolmates okay the first thing that
I got is this cute power back and this
is from my classmate yeah thank you a
aware this I really needed a pair of
that because my power back doesn't work
that well so thank you
next MJ Kailah and Dione got me gifts as
well and I've known them since preschool
so MJ got me this this is a hat and nail
cream from my son Spencer and it is in
his said China blue and guys I am
obsessed with the smell if you guys look
the Marks and Spencer go get it because
it smells so good and kind of got me
this shower cream in we sent lavender it
smells so good as well so I'm really
excited to try this out and yeah got me
this this is like eight how hold your
thing so thank you yeah
then the next thing that I got is this
they did the DIY that I showed you guys
on my DIY Christmas room decor and I
don't know I just find it so cute
because I know that they worked hard at
it so thank you on the upside inacol and
again from alia she
me this touch which I can use as a
makeup bag or a pencil case and pickle
also got me a pouch and this one has
strawberries on it and again from time
he made me this which is so cool so
thank you quite alia any code for all
those gifts and lastly from my best
friend Keisha she got me this eyeshadow
palette from Maybelline and guys I love
it so much thing if you don't wear this
I am so excited to try it out okay those
are all the gifts that I received from
my schoolmates now let's move on to the
gifts that I got from my Tita Nina or
family friends first off I got this
fragrance mist from Victoria's Secret in
descent and the slope and guys this
smells so good I actually smell this
from my classmate and I was like yeah I
need that so thank you so much money for
this and then from Mimi Nevada she got
me a set of bleep balls which I badly
need because my lips are always chapped
like what's new this set comes with
three flavors so one is lemon and then
strawberry as well as vanilla it smells
so good
I wish you guys can smell it right now
thinking you don't handle for disease I
also got the slip case with dividers and
it was perfect for organizing my stuff
like pencils and notepads paper clips so
this will be perfect to put on my desk I
also got this pencil case which is so
cute because
has glitters on it that sparkly what
more can you ask for so this is from H&M
Thank You Tina honey for this these
again also got me this huge pouch and
you can put your receipts your bills
your money in here and it has my
initials on it which is so cool so let
me give you the data for this and then
from sheet I saw I got the strawberry
shower gel from the body shop and it
smells so good as well so I'm really
excited to try this out and I got this
cute pen so think that Julian got me
these two MAC lipsticks so this one is a
Polish lip pencil in the shape fearless
so let me swatch for you guys again oh
so this is how it looks like and this
one is a lipstick in the shade satin oh
wait it's not that is it red color here
is different from the one i swatched but
it's okay because i don't really wear
like red colored lipsticks thank you to
the community for these and from PETA
lady she got me this shower gel from
Bath & Body Works and it is in the
cencon tree apples and I love smells so
much I love Bath and Body Works I love
Apple scented things so thank you the
ladies and I get from people any she got
me this huge makeup bag and wait there's
more
so when you unzip it there's another one
it's died and another one
that's all but yeah that is so cool
because I have three large mega password
and from by Nina Harley she got me this
set of hand creams so there's three oh
so there is a grapefruit mango and
strawberry wait this one is strawberry
smells like candy you guys know that I
love sweet scented things so okay so my
cousin's Lila and make a copy these so
this one is a provisioning which is so
good so I will definitely put this in my
room and this is a toothbrush but it's
not an ordinary thing to brush because
look at that I've never seen a
toothbrush this cute so this is a go
sonic toothbrush second and equipped
toothbrush but yeah thank you so much
Meghan and Layla for these and from
Italia she got me this room decor that
says work hard dream big and this is
from Papa Moratti because our wondering
and I just love it so much so thank you
Adam and from agile for the win aka my
brother he got me this forever 2ne1 kind
of ass bag and it has a camera on it and
it just says click and this bag
describes me so much because I hope
whatever be I have a blog around the
youtuber so thank you so much Angela
from my parents they actually got me a
ring light which is like what it's my
dream to have hearing light and I'm so
thankful and I'm actually using it right
now which I can show you guys because
it's like so hard to put it here beside
me because comes out but I'll just
insert a picture right here so you guys
have an idea on how it looks like saving
the best for last night
this room decor that says dream and my
parents have been supporting me all the
way with my YouTube channel and I'm just
so thankful for that they always remind
me that I have the passion the strength
and the patience to reach for the stars
and it just really means so much to me
so you guys my Belle fam don't stop
dreaming because I know you guys can
reach point stars as well
yeah it's giveaway time so to enter a 16
I just want to thank you for supporting
me and this is my simple gesture of
paying it forward so I'll be giving away
two Starbucks planners because I know
how hard it is to get 18 stickers for
the panic lag gaiz then I get up and go
that's right Matt Amanda Bohan but just
for you guys so here are the rules
you must be subscribed to my channel
that's Bella the one you are on right
now and then follow me on Instagram
Twitter and like my facebook page so my
Instagram and Twitter username is that's
Bella white teeth and my facebook page
is that's Bella and then you have to
repost this picture on Instagram once I
repeat just once with the hashtag that's
Bella white tea and comment down below
what are your new year's resolution and
please make sure your ID account is set
to public
On January 5 2017 as I will be picking
the winners on that day winners have to
reply within 24 hours otherwise I will
be picking another winner and the
winners will be announced on January 6
2017 good luck so did you guys like it
if you did make sure to miss
a big thumbs up and make sure to
subscribe to be part of the hash tag
valve and that is it for this video see
you guys next year because this will be
my last video for this year
and don't forget is that swell amazing
bye
