hey let's read it's Bella okay let's
talk about Christmas shopping
I know super stressful right so I need
to show you guys some DIY last-minute
Christmas gifts that you can do at home
so without further ado let's just get
started for this DIY you will be needing
a convert I love you just asked to pour
a paper cup from Starbucks because I
couldn't find a tumbler okay then we
will be leaving socks as well I prefer
the cheap one since we're gonna cut it
later on and last to use scissors
first you need to get your sock and cut
it into a cup sleeve now you have made
your own cup sleeve which is amazing
because you can use it anytime after
that get some tea coffee or hot choco
and put it inside the cup or Humbert
this is a perfect gift that you can give
to the person who loves hot choco tea or
coffee
for this DIY you will be needing a small
jar as well as some measuring cups
vanilla extract a bowl white sugar and
of course brown sugar and coconut oil I
got mine from the supermarket first get
your bowl and white sugar and then
measure 1/2 cup of that
also measure 1/2 cup of brown sugar and
then measure 2 tablespoons of the
coconut oil
and then add one tablespoon of vanilla
extract to the boom now you just have to
mix mix and mix and then all you have to
do is put the scrub into the jar you
guys can definitely stop there but you
know I want to spice it up a little bit
so I tied area but around the jar I also
added this label that says vanilla sugar
scrub and I actually made this myself so
you guys can make your own as well so
just stick it on and you're done
okay you will be needing this tablet
that you can download the link will be
down below and one part you'll be
needing some chocolates scissors and
lastly a groove on with glue sticks of
course first thing you have to do is to
cut your template
it is now time to get your glue gun and
glue the two large flaps and leaving the
bottom flap on good did I make sense
I don't know then it is now time to put
the chocolates in by the way you don't
have to put chocolates in sight it can
be like nail polish gift card stuff like
that and again you guys can stop there
but the present looks a bit boring
without ribbons so I tell you but around
it and by the way you guys can decorate
the Christmas tree however you want to
and that is it I know it's super simple
but it is so cute you guys so this next
one is personally my favorite because it
is super simple but I think everyone
will appreciate it so you will be
needing a tin cans and lastly red and
green M&Ms
so first pour the M&Ms into the tin can
and you guys might be thinking Bella why
not just give the cool bag well not
everyone can finish a full bag of M&Ms
am i right and again this is optional
but I think it out amiable that says
have a sweet Christmas because you know
Emma knows are so easy you know after
that you're done so did you guys like it
if you did make sure this video a big
thumbs up and make sure to leave a
comment down below which DIY did you
like the most and don't forget to
subscribe to be part of the hashtag
Belle fam that is it for this video
merry merry
let's and don't forget your that's well
amazing
jingle bell jingle bell there's no
there's nothing you need
