hey that's right it's Bella
okay 2016 has been a roller coaster for
me a lot of ups and downs but 2016 has
got to be one of the best years of my
life since I reach a lot of my goals and
one of them is gaining a cross between
forty-four thousand subscribers this
year like I started my youtube channel
without even thinking about gaining that
much like for a while I was stuck at
3000 but then suddenly that is why I
want to thank you because I wouldn't be
in this situation without you guys since
it is the Christmas season I want to
give back by having a huge giveaway so
there will be one major prize won by
their price and three consolation prizes
so there will be five winners so I'll be
starting off with the consolation prizes
okay first off you'll be winning this
box filled with goodies of course three
of you will be winning this war vanilla
sugar body mist and this is one of my
favorite scents from Bath & Body Works
and then you will be winning these cute
Balkans oh my gosh look at the patches
it's pastel and you guys know that I
love ball pens anything cute basically
speaking of cute things I got three of
you guys this rough magnet that says if
you dream it you can do it and I
actually got this from popular rocky but
you are you gonna basically put this
anywhere you want to but it has a magnet
at the back and then I got you guys a
hand cream from task it's done and it is
in the scent rose and peony and lastly
for the consolation prizes you will be
winning this cute pouch and I got this
from a bazaar and I thought why not give
it to you guys so there it goes
that is it for the consolation prizes
now let's move on to the visor prize for
the minor prize you will be winning this
box and again it's filled with goodies
because I don't want to give you guys a
plain empty box right ok first off
you'll be winning the war vanilla sugar
body mist as well also you will be
getting this u.s. hand lotion and it is
innocent
very blossom and guys it smells so good
I can smell it from here
and it says custard for our moisture
fast absorbing and not greasy 90%
natural so I think this is a good
version you guys next you will be
winning this coral cushion blusher from
the face shop the same wrath magnet and
a pack of cute ball pens and guys I want
this so bad because again I like cute
things but I love my Bella Pam so I've
got to give it to one of you guys I by
the way the buffets here have different
kinds of weight so it has purple red
pink orange like being green light blue
blue dark blue and that also I'll be
giving you guys a Starbucks gift card
worth 500 pesos and it says Thank You
merci gracias and basically other
languages that say thank you thank you
thank you thank you I'm poppy you know
and next I'll be giving one of you the
same patch but this time pouches so this
one you can use as a guide kit and this
one as your pencil case but you can use
it either way and lastly for the minor
prize I'll be giving away serum masks so
these are for aging skin so you can give
this to your mom with your teeth or your
Lalo or anyone who has aging skin so
that is it for the minor prize now let's
move onto my favorite part the major
prize so for the winner of the major
prize will be receiving so this is the
Fujifilm Instax Mini 8 instead camera
and we will be twinning because I have
this as well and this is the color white
and of course you cannot take pictures
without film so I got you guys film so
this has 10 sheets to enter this
giveaway you have to follow these rules
so first you need to be subscribe to my
channel the one you are on right now
second you need to follow me on my
Twitter and Instagram and like my
Facebook page so my Twitter username is
that Val YT and same goes to my
Instagram and the link of my Facebook
page will be down below third rule is
you have to repost this picture on
Instagram with the hashtag that's follow
whitey and please pretty please only
posted once I repeat just once because I
want this giveaway to be fair so yea if
you post a lot I'm so sorry but most
probably you're not gonna win so if you
don't win don't worry because I'll be
having giveaways in the future
and lastly comment down below your
Twitter and Instagram user names as well
as what you love about Christmas and by
the way this giveaway ends on December
24 2016 that is it for the rules I hope
you guys enter and good luck don't
forget to give this video a big thumbs
up and make sure to subscribe to my
channel if you haven't because we are
near 50,000 subscribers which is half of
100 processing processing words cannot
describe how thankful I am if I haven't
said it enough
maraming when I was selling
you lahat mother Gaia Pascoe and don't
forget that's well amazing bye
you
