hey that's right it's Bella since you
guys love hauls I'll be doing an
unboxing haul today which I've never
done before so yeah I have a lot of
packages to open and there are more
there so let's just get started so let's
start off with this package
okay this package is from modish M&L on
instagram and they sent me to face all
melted matte liquid lipsticks okay let's
look at this one this is in the shade
feeling myself so it looks like this and
let me swatch for you guys because I'm a
beauty guru oh it's so pink so this is
feeling myself and then the other shade
is Lady balls so it's red and let me
swatch the get pretty nice so red
reminds me of Christmas Christmas is so
near okay so this is Lady balls and this
is feeling myself
thank you much M&L for these lipsticks
okay now I'm going to open this package
and it's from Osram goodie okay so they
sent me um hair accessories like pony
poop what else
spin 10 modern updo and bun spiral
personally I don't even know how to do
my hair or even style it I know that's
weird because I'm a girl but I don't
really know it's so hard for me like I
know how to um tie my hair to a ponytail
but it's not like tight look hashtag
simple but super with simple styles
Thank You goody for these hair
accessories where's the other one
Thank You Agatha thank you good for
these okay next package
open okay it is from from from Daniel
lying son so this one is a rose gold cup
and they set me another watch and it is
from the classic black watch collection
and I got the bigger size compared to my
other Daniel Wellington watch so it's
black and rose gold which I really like
but I was supposed to pick the silver
one but I decided to pick the rose gold
one because I love rose gold so if you
guys are planning to get your own
diamonds on watch you can use my code
lyt all caps and you get 15% off your
purchase Thank You Daniel Wellington
okay so the next few things that I'll be
opening are from banggood.com okay so
they set me okay
I'll be opening this place though this
is um for my room I pick this out so
that I'll have like room decorations
yeah I've been wanting this for so long
okay so this is an LED light box and
there are some letters that come with it
this actually lights up but I still
don't have batteries but yeah this will
be a cute room decor okay next one so
I've got paint brushes because I'll be
doing on DIY videos really soon
hopefully I'll not fail so Sierra is
good but yeah there are a lot in here
which will be pretty happy you might
feel like they're white videos like what
I said a while ago okay and another one
from BAM good it is an alarm clock I
need an alarm clock in my room so I
picked out a white alarm clock so yeah
this is how it looks like and I don't
have batteries yet so that's why I
cannot really show you guys how it works
but yeah this will be pretty helpful
during the weekdays because I need to
wake up early because you know school
okay this next one is
huge it's bigger than my head okay so
I'm pretty excited for this one ah it's
a ukulele I don't really know how to
play anything la but for sure I'm going
to learn how to play the ukulele fun
fact I used to play the guitar before
but I wasn't really good at it okay so
next package is from Chien okay so I got
two clothes from there okay so the first
top that I got is this black color pen
short sleeve top and I really love it
because of the design at the bottom like
that is so cute and then the next part
that I got is this one it is a black and
white striped t-shirt with patches on it
shirts with patches are the best like it
looks so nice the last package is from
it's from Maybelline that is so cool it
has my name on it
Bella Francis youtube.com slash that's
Bella
so it says hashtag make holidays happen
and let's see what's inside
so this is how it looks like so the
first makeup product from the make
natural happen section is this color
sensational lipstick and it is in the
shade rosy peach and it's such a pretty
color I love it so much
okay so the next one is a clear smooth
all-in-one
you'll be lightining oil-control to a
cake compact powder and this is how it
looks like yeah and it is in the shade
zero for honey the last product from the
mag natural happens section is I'm
struggling I can't get it out okay so
this one is a fashion brow gel okay so
let's move on to the make your magic
happen section so the first thing I see
in here is a lipstick and it is in shade
rich Ruby wow this is so creamy so this
is how it looks like next is this V face
blush contour it comes with a brush and
two blushes and one contour and then it
comes with the hypercar volume Express
waterproof mascara
and I actually have this already and I
love it as lastly it comes with a V face
duo stick okay so this lippy is in the
shade divine wine okay the lighting is
getting worse I'm sorry but this is how
it looks like it's a deep red let me
swatch again wow that is so pretty
like me haha just kidding and it also
comes with a hyper sharp power black
eyeliner and I don't know how to use an
eyeliner yet it is so hard and lastly it
comes with a dream satin skin liquid
foundation and it is in the shade po3 so
those are all the packages that were
sent to me and thank you for all of the
companies who were generous enough to
send all these so if you guys liked this
video make sure to give video a thumbs
up and don't forget to subscribe to be
part of the hashtag bella Pam and don't
forget your that's well amazing
you
