hey that's right it's Bella so recently
I've been getting a lot of questions
about my brows like you guys keep on
asking me Bella how do you do your brows
Bella why are your eyebrows so on fleek
so in this video I'll be show you guys
how I do my brows this video is perfect
for those who are just starting to do
their brows because I'm just a beginner
so I actually just use four products but
yeah those are all the products that I
use for my brows I don't want to use a
lot because I just want my brows to look
natural okay I love talking so let's
just get started to extend and enhance
the wear of the brow products i'll be
using this Bravo conditioning eyebrow
primer this primer also helps my rust
look thicker healthier and fuller using
the goof proof brow pencil I'll be
lining my brow starting from the bottom
then I will be doing the same thing on
the top it is okay to make mistakes
because mistakes are proof that you are
trying
since my brows are already thick I will
be filling them in lightly to even out
the color I'll be using my spoolie a
quick brush will also help soften any
harsh marking using my high brow eyebrow
highlighter I'll be applying it on the
top and bottom of my brows to accentuate
or accentuate the arches and of course I
have to blend that all in with my finger
to shape and tame my brows I'll be using
my ready set brow clear brow gel this
brow gel is easy to apply and click to
dry isn't that amazing is it that Belle
amazing okay I'll stop then I will be
repeating those steps to my other
eyebrow
and remember when you're doing your
brows eyebrows our sisters not twins is
always better when we're together it's
always better when we're together yeah
we look at the stars away together
so it's better when we're together yes
always better when we're together so
that is how I do my brows I know it is
super easy so I know you can do it too
actually when I was little I didn't even
know that brows would be this important
thumbs up into your V and if you do your
brows comment down below what products
to use because I would love to know and
if you're new to my channel hi I'm Bella
and it would mean a lot if you join the
hashtag Bella fam by subscribing the one
is adjusted right there and yeah that is
it for this video and don't forget here
that's well amazing bye
and other than the back I don't know
what say they what you wanna say bye
what does that
