Travel like
hey that's right Isabella so right now
I'm at the eeeh because we're going to
go to Hong Kong is actually our third
time to go because if guys did not know
alert time just vlog watch yeah I have a
vlog channel but you guys don't have to
subscribe to that channel because I
won't be uploading there anymore but I
outputted a Hong Kong vlog there so if
wanna see it go ahead look it's not
really that good but I think we're gonna
go to the lounge because we're going to
eat lunch oh no no no no breakfast
breakfast
do we look alike no you don't we are now
you're a Cathay Pacific lounge and I
ever told you guys that we've been
upgraded to business class which is so
convenient it's my first time
oh there's cereal hybra right I was
supposed to be brothers hi siblings it's
time to eat
oh my hair is why but we're gonna board
in a few so that's really exciting
what paparazzi paparazzi more dating gay
face more legroom buzz back I was like a
smoker
I don't know
turn out for the youth
hi mom
we've blended
we're down here in our hotel aka Marco
Polo pantos L and my history anybody Hey
we have a room now so I'll give you guys
a room tour yogurt hotel room hurry
so this is our room and our room number
is seven one eight and you'll see the
restroom so this is how it looks like
but yeah it just looks like this and it
has like the towels and stuff also the
bathtub and the toilet and sadly there's
no pity which is so sad but okay so
that's it for the restroom not really
and that interesting but yeah so here
you'll see a mirror so if you wanna see
your like outfit of the day down this
side you'll see closet a safe okay also
Hotel slippers so that's it for the
causal there's a fridge and there's
Alderaan there's also water coke sprite
and Minute Maid but sadly I won't be
able to get one because they'll charge
me now the fun stuff the bed I don't
know if I'll be sleeping here or there I
don't know but then over here you'll see
the TV also a desk and guys we have
Wi-Fi like yeah I'm gonna bring it I
have one
like what you have are all my life and
here there's like coffee and stuff and
then here there are seats to sit on
let's see our view they got do we have
of you you look oh and by the way our
room is connected to my parents room
let's see hey parents hello hello dad
hello home so that is it for the room
tour and now I don't know where we'll be
having dinner we're now heading to the
restaurant that we're going to eat at
and I was my husband hey where are the
others
oh we're wearing my sister and cousin
hello hello your son yeah there you go I
won't take over my chicken I'm famous
now Vega what did you get
okay I didn't like the lasagna
after this we'll be going to our room
because we need to sleep early because
tomorrow we're going to wake up we have
a city tour and I hold that we going to
the skies
exciting
aegeon for the vlog so we are now here
in our hotel room and I'm going to end
the vlog here since I need to sleep
because it's like 10 o clock so I hope
you guys like this video if you did make
sure thing this video a thumbs up and
make sure to subscribe to my channel if
you haven't and don't forget your that
feel amazing bye
