hey let's try this Bella since I have
done a favorites video for a very long
time I think my last one was in Feb so
that's a pretty long time ago so I
decided to make an August favorites for
you guys so that is what I'm going to
film today obviously so basically I'm
just going to show you guys the stuff
that I've been loving for the month of
August so I know you guys don't like
long intros so let's just get started so
let's start off with the Beauty category
so I have been loving this compact
Podrick from the faceshop and this is
the oil clear one and I really like it
because it eliminates my oil because I
don't want to look oily in front of the
camera and it also has SPF 30 which is a
plus because here double pH is so hot
and like you guys know so hot in the
proteins and I'm kind of running low so
that means I need to get a new one and
you can see it's camera next I have been
loving this matte lipstick and I've been
getting a lot of questions about the
lipstick that I use whenever I film and
this is the one you guys and this is in
the shade brave and I am actually
wearing it right now and I'll swatch it
for you guys because though it looks
like this and I really love it because
this shade is perfect for kids like me
because I'm just starting to use makeups
and yeah it just looks so natural and
yes I only wear lipstick whenever I film
because obviously I don't want my lips
to look pale I don't actually wear this
in a daily basis but I do apply lip balm
to my lips every day
this is not like balm that I have been
loving and this is from lip I this gives
my lips moisturize which I need because
my lips are always chat which I don't
like so this is the last item for this
category and I've been eye for this for
so long you guys oh the lighting Oh
sorry if the lighting keeps on changing
I just can't control it
this is Ariana Grande's first perfume
and I'm a fan of sweet fruity perfumes
and Linda's perfect because it is pretty
and feminine and not overpowering which
I really like because I hate
overpowering perfumes like makes me
dizzy this has been my go-to perfume
lately as you guys can tell because I'm
already half way I can smell this all
day like moving on to the fashion
category so I've been loving this blue
skirt spaghetti tank top from Chi in and
they actually send this to me and if you
guys are following me on instagram you
guys probably saw me wearing this top
and one of my OTD pictures and I really
love it because it's so so comfortable
and Shion actually sent me another top
wish I were again in one of my Instagram
pictures and it's right here and I just
love all the clothes that she and sent
me because both are perfect for the
weather here in the Philippines and by
the way starting on September 15 Shane
will be providing free worldwide
shipping isn't that cool so if you're
interested in buying clothes from she
and just go to their website I'll put
the link down below next time for loving
my Nike Air Force One I've been buying
these non-stop like whenever my sister
sees me wearing these shoes she'll be
like you wear that all the time
but no regrets I love these shoes so
much but sometimes I'm not really in the
mood to wear overshoes so I wear these
these are driving shoes from Cole Han
and I really love it because
surprisingly it is super comfortable so
these are my go to shoes whenever I
don't want to wear overshoes care my
classmates or if you see me almost every
day you guys would probably see me
wearing this watch this is a danielben
watch and I really love it because I
just I don't know I'm not going to watch
person but when Daniel was outside this
to me I don't know what happened I wear
this to school basically wherever I go
and if
I think to get a Daniel eggs on watch I
got you girl because I have a discount
code for you guys just use my code
that's Bella all caps and you'll get 15%
off so better use my code when you get
your own Daniel bags and watch but it is
only until September 15th next I have
been loving this one and this is an
Apple watch and this is actually my
sister's hi sister pricks of having a
sister because what is hers is mine and
what is my it is Hearst
as well I strange to this most of the
time because obviously I can't wear my
Daniel ones and watch all the time and
whenever I wear this to school it's
always slow but like whenever I asked my
classmate what the time is they'll be
like but Bella you have watch and I'm
like it's a little bit but yeah I've
been loving this lately so lastly for
this category I've been loving this hand
me those back from my mom so it has a
leather flap prop bag with a metal tag
soldier and this bag is not too big and
not too small so it is perfect because
also my things fit in here and I use
this bag wherever I go out and yeah
that's it for the fashion category now
let's move on to the random stuff so
I've been loving my guardian applaud and
I have been loving it so much because
it's just so convenient very vlog if
you're a blogger you would know how it
makes a huge difference
next I have been loving my macbook case
from cocoa and toffee and it's a marble
case and I have been wanting a marble
case for my macbook for so long and I
have been loving my keyboard gaze as
well because it's pink you guys know I
look pink but I actually have another
one in sky-blue and I just love these
MacBook accessories so much because it
spices up my macbook so moving on to my
favorite songs so first I've been loving
closer by chainsmokers can we just talk
about their concerts like oh my god
can you guys see what I mean like what
if I had the chance to go to their
concert I want because it looked so fun
like I've seen a lot of videos about
their concert and and I have been loving
chainsmokers lately but closer has got
to be one of my favorite songs
my next favorite song is cold water by
Major Lazer featuring Justin Bieber and
I've been listening to this song
non-stop like I listened to the song
everywhere I go like I don't know I just
can't stop myself okay the last time
that I've been loving is all in my head
by fifth harmony and I actually just
heard this song when we had our club day
in school and I just I I fell in love
with that song although I don't really
know the lyrics I don't know it's just
my jam I can listen to it all day so
that I did for my August favorites and
of course I need to know yours so leave
a comment down below what your August
favorites are so if you like this video
make sure to give it a thumbs up and
make sure to subscribe to my channel if
you haven't and don't forget you're not
well amazing bye
