hey Mike Isabella and oh my god it's
been a long time since I filmed here it
was for me please because I did not know
it's been posting a lot of quick Goonies
blogs and I didn't really had the chance
to just sit here and talk to you guys
but if you guys are following me on my
social media accounts like Twitter
Instagram snapchat and asking them and
yes I have asked a friend if you guys do
not know my username is that ball YT so
I will interacting with you guys there
since I haven't been really consistent
in uploading because school started and
school it's just you know you know
school and yeah I just tried to squeeze
in YouTube so bear with me guys but
moving on today I'll be doing a what is
in my backpack or school bag basically I
will be show you guys what I bring to
school every day and I know I did a
backpack essentials video which is kind
of it was in my backpack video because
basically I showed everything that's in
my backpack
kinda but to another school yep
I moved to another school you guys did
not know so the things that my backpack
kind of changed compared to my backpack
essentials video because in that video I
brought like a lot of notebooks my
laptop my phone my earphones stuff like
that but since I moved to a different
school um that's just not the case right
now I don't bring those stuff anymore I
bring different things so yeah without
further ado let's just get start this so
this is my backpack and I know I think
you guys saw this backpack a million
times now but this is the bag that I use
and I'm not gonna lie my bag is super
heavy class I'm not super heavy but I
think I put all of my almost all of my
books in my locker but I don't know why
is it so heavy but my muscles are
gonna help me right yeah we got those
the bug that I bring every day to school
so so I will stop rambling now and let's
see what's in my background I have my
binder and I bring this to school every
day since all of my notebooks are here
and yeah I use this in every subject it
just says reads not work unless you do
and yeah I just love it I also bring my
a maximal book with me and this is our
activity notebook and we don't use those
cut little books for math well sometimes
I do were like note-taking and yeah I
don't move it I've been loving math but
this might change in a few days or weeks
or months I don't know but surprisingly
I have been loving math lately that's me
but yeah I use this format next I have
my pencil case and I know I think you
guys saw this and all of my videos
already but I bring this to school every
day because you know I have my past year
and all of my writing materials and I
just love my pencil case even though
it's kind of nerdy it's just the first
quarter of school and it's already dirty
so okay I'll show you these what's in my
pencil case so I hope my pen so these
are the key thick violent pens I also
have these big round stick ball pens my
right for mister correction tapes a
sharpie highlighter my whiteboard marker
and my permanent marker a sharpener
sharpener
oh my gosh a blue mini stapler a
mechanical pencil and our new stick and
a rough friend and I used this whenever
I'm bored in class I just like to
practice my calligraphy skills those are
everything in my pencil case yes I bring
an electric son with you this is a mini
lollipop hand fan and this is super
handy whenever I'm in school because
made it it's so hot in the campus it's
so hot whenever there's like events and
stuff and we've been practicing for a
lot of Singapore or intramurals
essential for me so that's why I bring
this to school every day
well no not every day because I just
started bringing this yesterday but
starting on Monday I'll bring this every
day because it's just so hot
next I have my Kate Spade wallet and I
win this whenever I go to the canteen
because you know I need money to buy
food
and where's it not obvious also the ones
that I used last school year now I have
a lot of past papers I have a one half
crosswise a paper a 1/4 and I'm
intermediate on paper I bring all these
to school every day because you never
know when the teacher tells you to bring
out a 1/4 pad paper or one half
crosswise two and a half lengthwise you
know test I have an umbrella because
there are situations like I need to go
somewhere and then I need to walk and
sometimes it's raining so I need an
umbrella with me because you know I
don't want to get too wet but yeah I
haven't used this yet but maybe soon
next I have to clear books and this is
for science and this is for English and
yeah this is where I place all of the
papers that the teacher gives us oh my
gosh what was that next I have an
expanding I blow because the teachers
give a lot of papers so I really need an
expanding envelope
oh my god I almost dropped it I always I
always drop things but yeah this really
comes in handy whenever the teacher
gives us a lot of papers next I bring
and every girl's essential pitches and
kick I get but again I think you guys
saw this and a lot of my videos already
but there's just
okay kids that I bring in every bag that
you do I bring a hairbrush with me
because in school my hair is not I can't
even talk about it my hair in school is
just so messy so I really need to bring
in hair personally
this is also essential for me and this
is an antibacterial hand spray so yeah I
bring this to school
then I'm real slow on this one I added
this to my cake I get because I just saw
this yesterday in my mom's room and I
asked my mom if I can't have it so so
this is just you banana berry sorbet
antibacterial hand gel and it smells so
good if only this was a perfume I would
wear it but it's not and yeah that is
everything in my cake I get so yeah that
is everything that is in my backpack or
school bag or my pens okay so if you
guys liked this video make sure thing
with a big thumbs up and make sure you
leave me comments down below what you
bring in school or some of your
essentials so if you want to be part of
the hashtag battle tab you can subscribe
the button is right there somewhere here
and yeah I'll see you guys in my next
video and don't forget is that smell
amazing bye
