I believe in the red string nah I better
hey that's right it's both so right now
I'm at abs-cbn again because I'll be
doing a behind the scenes video of a
subshell
out and I will also be doing a
quickening with Bailey Mae and Janelle
Salvador so stay tuned for that and by
the way I haven't joined you guys my
OOTD so my top is from forever 21 my
culottes
it's from continent and my sandals are
also from cotton oil and my choker is
from House of chokers on instagram and
my watch is from Daniel Wellington so if
you want to buy your own watch you can
go to www.fema.gov e tails down below
you use my coupon codes you'll get 50%
off
right now the staff into setting up the
cakes because helium Bailey me and Gary
Valenciano celebrated their birthdays so
that's why there are a lot of cakes here
you
hi
so I was backstage with his dad his
whole history and I also met a new
friend Anthony actually watched one of
my videos I just created and right now
really and I'll are performing there
against this vaccine and they also
talked to Dennis and he's so kind as
well as Bailey I talked to him about
this he did stuff
hit the music girl
so be asking funky basic questions okay
are you ready yes I'm ready
uncle boots are needless I'll go skinny
are boyfriend jeans your skinny jean you
believe in love at first sight
No
but I believe in the red string ah last
person you texted my mom Chris on the
right Daniel
favorite thing about a loan I box it is
most memorable moment to them oh that
would probably be Japan especially the
Samui of Cebu yes the ship we're
crossing hugs or kisses
hugs I guess eyeliner or mascara mascara
looks our intelligence both what's your
dream dude Gustavo annoying I'll get
sick in the night I want people to karma
last person who made you cry
last person we pray to the kitchen
Phillips person if elbows a cartoon
character who was not be NY I think he
would be the lead from Sesame Street
named hello what's your favorite fashion
news but will my kingship McGee wear a
wire button about the
okay this last one complete the sentence
I'm John El Salvador and I am
I'm Janelle's over Thor again I am
hungry it don't forget your that smell
amazing
thank you thank you I miss bending it
was up so I'll be asking basic questions
ready okay sneakers are over shoes
sneakers
that's our shorts short puns let's see
you started them I don't out of mine
anything Joe what is the closest friend
closest friend probably I don't know
favorite youtubers favorite youtuber ksi
spaghetti funniest thing that happened
here when you were in the PvP house
funniest thing here with Jim boy all the
line is something I was kind of
embarrassing sighted average our most
challenging things that happened to you
when you were in the PvP house probably
nomination nominating your friends
because that's kind of hard favorite
thing about Aluna m15 um this guy
balloon is Hubert's uh beautiful easy to
get along with
amazing personality closest guy friend
Marcus Patterson best I'm Kyle it's best
thing that has happened to you
gang interview be serious thing that has
I've been to you scariest and probably
getting stuck in an elevator
can you sing a line of your favorite
song it's actually my old single my
album is called boost Akita and it goes
like this just to get that just to keep
that okie lumbar favorite hairstyle the
one I'm rocking right now is called a
quiff is amazing buildings are you gay
both okay favorite thing to do when
bored a PlayStation swim and going okay
this is the last one complete the
sentence I'm bailing me and I am easy to
get along with thank you so much and
lately happy birthday thank you thank
you so much don't forget your that's
amazing don't forget here that's
you
you
