hey that's right it's Bella today's
video is gonna be another unboxing haul
and I do have a lot of packages to unbox
right now so I won't make this intro too
long but if you're new to my channel hi
my name is Bella I'm a 16 year old
Filipino youtuber mix beauty and
lifestyle videos so make sure to
subscribe to be part of the hashtag
Bella fam
that's what we call our beautiful family
and of course don't forget to follow me
on my social media cows the links will
be down below and yeah without further
ado let's just get started okay starting
off with the first package that I got
and guys it's from Starbucks and if you
guys haven't following me for a while
then you guys would know that I always
give away Starbucks Tanner's by the end
of the year like finicky a rapid elegant
nominee put Kohanim stickers just get a
planner but now Starbucks gave me the
time you're like what so this is a
planner and I haven't opened it yet
because I am gonna give this away like
what I always do actually use planners
but you know it's a tradition in my
channel that I always give away stores
Spanish by the end of the year so stay
tuned for the giveaway oh and by the way
I'll be having a giveaway by the end of
this video but you can be potentially
the case just stay tuned set Instagram
for like my social media accounts so
yeah I also comes with this special
edition on Starbucks card and if you
guys did not know Starbucks also
released a travel organizer and again I
won't be opening this because I'll be
giving this away as well Starbucks
spiders get better and better each year
so yeah anyway thank you so much
Starbucks next package is broth of the
Rowan and I got one two three four I got
four guys so my personal favorite is the
white chocolate but I also
milk chocolate basically I like
chocolate oh this is a big one
leave them days compared so big thank
you so much dr. gullet
okay so this one is from REO so they
sent it me actually a lot of five-o
there are your thin so this one is a new
flavor so that a new flavor is lemon
cheesecake who I haven't tasted this it
may be later after iPhone so thank you
so much REO next package is from Daniel
Wellington so I got two watches from
Daniel Wellington so let's start off
with this one first and I just realized
I have a lot of that nobody's been
watches like I mean all of my watches
okay so this is a gift set so it comes
with this classic bracelet and rose gold
video of rose gold and this one is the
classic petite Melrose watch
I just love wearing small watches but
sometimes I also like wearing big wadis
if you think the bezel by wood this is
the other gift set so it comes with this
Cornwall strap and this classic
sheffield watch and silver I'm super
excited to wear these so thank you so
much Daniel Wellington next package is
from sunny Studios so I got two pairs of
sunglasses from them in case time on
Tama because I've been wearing the same
sunglasses for a very long time and you
need some foam sunglasses no ser√≠a if
you guys have watched my Hong Kong vlog
then you guys would know that so this is
the first one I'm a cool now you guys
remember that video if you do it then
your ji-hyo sunglasses kanina black
Shapero Maggio my pack of edentia but
this one is straight-up blue unusual
guitar armor but guys trust me it's blue
there you go
thank you so much Sony's next up we have
with dress and it's super cute look at
the packaging you guys it says Bella the
guys super Instagram really
no package but anyway when you open it
comes with a hairbrush and actually but
I got nothing I'm gonna do I'm gonna
grab it I think a long sharp in elixir
box but anyway this is a wooden
hairbrush and it says my name on it so
no one can steal my brush because it's
mine and it comes with two hair
fresheners will actually padlet off but
I've been using the other one so this is
the buttress hair freshman year so it
eliminates unwanted odors keeps hair
smooth and shiny and this one what is
this it's a rosy glow face mist cocktail
who is for calming moisturizing and
softening your skin oh look how cute so
tiny it says pins and I assume I love
Shambhala Sanrio and my hair pins it
also comes with a pouch it has my name
on it again thank you so much for tres
next package is from clean and guys look
at the packaging though guys it has
cotton candy
just kidding it's not edible you guys do
you open it here and let's see what's
inside
yes Kayla let me down but the guys like
azano Busan so this is the clean facial
cotton puff so I got four packs so yeah
I got three of these I choked with
Minami palette oh okay so I got five of
these then I have former packs of this
one so in total I got I got eight of
these yes finally I've been needing lip
balm making travel size now because I
only have my bed Goblet bombs
thug I haven't really gotten like a new
lip balm now I can just put in my bag so
these are the Apollo's lip oh so these
are the Apollo lip balms so this one is
in the flavor
I think it's shade yeah so this one is
pretty pink and this is the original one
so it doesn't have anything to it so
yeah thank you so much Queen next
package is from Maybelline so they sent
me this kit it says hashtag super slate
all day and I actually made a video all
about this foundation I said to me all
six shades of their foundation and the
other two are right there that's a
makeup cap off this is actually the
foundation that I used today and I super
love this foundation you guys so you
guys want to know how this foundation
performs then the link will be down
below and Maybelline also sent me their
total temptation mascara
so this one is waterproof and this one
it's not waterproof and of course they
also send me their total temptation
shadow and highlight palette so thank
you so much Maybelline next package is
from Sunsilk and they sent me a lot of
their shampoo and conditioner actually
that is not gonna be tall because that
was gonna be bad but yeah they said me
there's some some co-creation smooth and
manageable shampoo which is my favorite
shampoo and of course their conditioners
so thank you so much done self next is
from a1 and guys they sent me a lot of
lipsticks can you see that so guys they
sent me a 13 shades and I already show
every shade but I'll show you guys my
favorite so this one is in the shade
bitten apple there it's kind of more on
the reddish side it looks more vibrant
on camera but in person it's not that
like you know boom red I also like this
shade it's in divine twig yeah this is
more on the nude side thank you so much
Avon next up is from detail makeover so
I actually made a video about this on my
so yeah so just go on my Instagram okay
so when you open it there it has this
eyeshadow palette and this detail
makeover mini loose powder illuminating
primer oil and ayah liner and by the way
this is their anniversary bundle so
thank you so much detail makeover next
package is from solid tech Oh guys it
says my name again it says Bella who I
can use this as a room decor or like an
organizer
whoo okay so these are on makeup but it
also has um skincare okay so they sent
me two of their CT micro hydrating
powders guys if you have sensitive skin
then these makeup products are for you
24-hour photo ready liquid foundations
and lastly these are the teletag dual CC
matte powders with SPF 30 thank you so
much daletech next is from the face shop
and guys I haven't one thing to try this
um collection hour because guys it's not
a collaboration with coke so it's kind
of intriguing because you know coke with
a makeup brand and guys I love how
unique the packaging is so it comes with
this or control cushion this coca-cola
velvet lipstick oh it's super small
fella there look how vibrant that is and
I also got this coca-cola lip them and I
can't wait to try this out because I
really love tall focus there I really
love lip dense and it didn't elegant
finish to Momo I'm a try so this is the
coca-cola eyeshadow palette and when you
open it actually when I saw this online
or like social media I thought it was
big but it's just mini sized Bella that
is it for this package but I also have
another one
from the faceshop Whitlam so this is
their Inc lasting foundation but this
how the packaging looks like and when
you open it it comes with two products
so this one it says in the best room so
I think there's more on like um
photoshoot or pop events so this is how
the foundation looks like and it has SPF
30 PA plus plus and this one is in the
shade 203 natural beige and is this one
it says in the office and this also has
SPF 30 p.m. plus plus plus thank you so
much the face shop next is from la girl
okay so let's start off with this on the
big-box furs oh these are their
highlighters this is how the package
looks like so it comes with their three
luminous with glow skin illuminators so
it has in the shade sunlit afterglow and
moonlight and it allows it comes with
okay so these are illuminating powders
okay so that is it for this package then
I got two more packages from Le girl but
these are the same products so this one
is the LA girl brow pomade so it comes
in three shades comes with the shades
taupe work what-what warm brown and soft
brown so thank you so much la girl next
package is from covergirl okay so it
comes with this um pouch I don't know
what this is because anyway it comes
with this covergirl outlast all-day
finishing powder and this 3 in 1
foundation base their concealer primer
foundation what else what else that's
actually it so thank you so much cobra
girl next is from happy skin so they
sent me their collaboration with Heart
Evangelista I really loved lipsticks
from happy skin cuz it's moisturizing
which my lips need because I was
so these are the moisturizing met lipid
duo
whoa and back at it with the dropping
things so this is in the shade
heartthrob whoo I love that color and
that this one is in the shade us candy
dipping and this other lipstick is oh I
love that like your everyday of lipstick
color thank you so much happy skin okay
so these next products are from Blair
cosmetics so they sent me their Blair
cosmetics midnight kiss mini lippies and
this Sunshine's too Mac up mini lippies
this is my cosmetics second skin
buildable coverage pressed powder this
glimmer lipstick in to shave the body is
not the shade I'm not sure oh yeah
that's the shame cuz here it says Italy
burn burn burn burn Peru and took you
from LA to Tokyo they also sent me their
Blair cosmetics you glow girl and their
triple pink magic cream and they also
sent me their foundation for all skin
tones whoa so it's just steer skin tone
that's so good thank you so much Blair
next package is from BRS so it comes
with this black bag Boadicea mused
as a makeup bag so it comes with two of
their Biore Pore pack and no strips and
I can't wait to try this out because I
haven't really found like the perfect or
like an effective on poor strip for your
nose and I've heard a lot of good things
about this board a four pack so this one
is white while this one is a black I
don't know
because it's both where blackheads but
I'll let you guys know if this is
effective because I think I'm gonna try
this later thank you so much for your a
and times we're finally down to the last
package which is from Orly it comes with
three nail polishes and I've been
wanting to get my nails done so this is
my favorite color kiss the bride
while this red one is the color start
spangled while this pink one is in Lola
and actually Orly is one of my favorite
nail polish brands thank you so much
Orly so yeah those are all of the
packages that I got and now it is time
for the giveaway of course every Pierre
unboxing haul that I do I always like to
host giveaways so there will be one
winner and that winner will be winning
this anniversary bundle from detail
makeover this la girl luminous glow in
the minivan founder is le girl brow
pomade this Blair cosmetics midnight
kiss mini lippies this Blair cosmetics
you glow girl a primary cover girl
outlast all-day concealer this sound
tech demo cosmetics 24-hour put already
liquid foundations this Apolo lip balm
and pretty pink this with tres hair
freshener and two packs of this clean of
facial cotton puff and lastly is this
clean duo makeup cotton buds so here are
the mechanics to win this giveaway
subscribe to my channel that's Bella
follow me on my Instagram Twitter and
like my Facebook page all the links will
be down below then you have to share
this video on Facebook and a comment
down below why you want to win together
with your Facebook and Instagram
username this giveaway will end on this
date and the winners will be announced
on my Ivy story so yeah that is it for
this video it is lighted make sure to
give it a big thumbs up and make sure to
subscribe to be part of the hash tag
bout that as I get notified whenever I
upload a new video I'll see you guys in
my next one and don't forget it that's
well amazing bye
