hey Buster it's Bella today I'm doing
the video that you guys have been
waiting for my you're sore and this
video has been super requested ever
since I started my youtube channel but
if you're new to my channel hi is Bella
and April female youtuber who makes
million lifestyle videos to make sure to
subscribe to be part of the hashtag
Bella fam and to get notified whenever I
post a new video I'll stop talking now
so let's get started okay I'm outside my
room right now because I have things to
show you guys so starting off with my
door my door is just color game and this
one is my color Coon but it's kind of
messy right now so sorry about that in
front of me is my shoe rack so this is
where I store my shoes
okay no it's time to go in welcome to
lucrative Pacific so this is how it
looks like when you walk inside and by
the way on this doorknob I pumpkin door
hat antagonist and smile every day so
whenever I step out the door I'll be
reminded to smile because you're never
fully dressed without it
and by the way this door hashtag is from
to goggle from behind I began to see in
this side is a white brick wall which
acts as an absent because the other
walls here are just mean white so this
really adds a lot to my room is when
you'll see this white wire wall green
that I got from the Victoria and I could
so solar is pictures of chalkboard clips
and this basket attachment that I got
from Daiso and I put my school ID in
this basket attachment so that it will
be easy to be out in the morning
besides that are these white forty
shelves that are actually customized
here I have a phone camera that I was
actually supposed to use because film
photography seems interesting but then I
broke it and I also have this journey
light of my day and I got it from
regatta samba follow that I have these
three little pots that they live love
laughs and this actually didn't come as
is said so I had to buy these
individually and fun-packed these
succulents actually don't come with
these pots but both are from Denmark and
below that floating shelf you'll see my
makeup organizer that I got from
Divisoria and I put all the makeup that
I use whenever I film or ghost events in
this organizer for my brushes I put them
in this container which is from SNR and
fun fact this is actually a salt and
pepper shaker but it's two cubes that I
wanted to use it for my brushes then
alongside my brushes is this jewelry
dish that I got from this and store and
it says be bold be brave and vu then I
have this customized drawer that I used
to organize my makeup that I don't
really use that often
okay this is my study desk or my vanity
where room is pretty small so I can have
a separate table for my vanity and my
student so there is actually why I have
a huge mirror here and not actually
close up on top of my mirror I have this
wooden letters that spell out dream and
it's from Papa Marathi and this white
pendant light is from Illuma text them
on my desk I have this notepad that says
do what you love and this flower vase
that I got from Daiso and flowers are
from lime art then this calendar is from
Paco Marathi and it says dare to dream
and these two ways and jars that I used
to organize my pens and markers are from
the Robinsons department store as the
rose gold LED lab is from st. James
bazaar in Alabama and it's a Christmas
Bazaar so they have it every year and
this jar you'll see my Chargers that I
put in this container from Daiso and I
also store my notebooks here that I used
to apply my videos while in this drawer
you'll see a lot of stationery a scores
I need to be organized so I got these
wooden crates from the sm department
stores I also have this cute chair that
I sit on all the time when I write edit
videos or do some homework and it's for
impossible match contract furniture in
Makati at Value Line is a filipinas I
have this electric sponge from recent
above that is this honeycomb wall shelf
that is actually customized
this cactus is from Daiso and I also
have some handy down books from my mom a
Polaroid camera and an Eiffel Tower and
this one is from landmark once again as
this cute room decor is from the
Robinsons department store and these
flowers are real landmark yeah what a
surprise below that shelf is my ukulele
from banggood.com and behind my ukulele
are these fake flowers from Western
stores I also have these candles from
Yankee Candle and guys always keep a
burning candle within sight okay okay
this ceramic house is from Cape and
barrel and isn't it relaxing to see the
light flicker through the window
yep I know and this room before that
says with God all things are possible is
from one of my Bella fam and I like to
keep this collection of prayers nearby
red so that whenever I wake up in the
morning I'll just get one and three okay
I am back at it with the fake flowers
and this one is from the Robinsons
department store and because I have to
wake up early in the morning during
school days I have to have an alarm
clock and this one is from banggood.com
to jam out to my favorite music I have
the speaker from Harman Kardon and this
is my bed aka my favorite pillow and my
hardest goodbye Abby I can probably tell
I have a lot of throw pillows so this
one is firm as an art while these people
are from Busan and my very self away is
from the sm department stores and I have
this wooden headboard and I decided to
add these fairy lights from Anka calm
about my headboard I have guess what
this is this and every computers
essential and it is undergone L these
big tabs are from 0 becomes department
store ok you may have been asking me
where I got these Roscoff handle lights
and I got them from infinite lighting
from MC home depot forest
for my window I have these wooden blinds
and above that is an overhead cabinet
okay this is kind of a beautiful but and
just cover this you'll see you can
really just stuff so when you open it
this is how it looks like so I have my
chicken pork adobo starting to get a
recognition for high channel growth and
then I also have 22 sunglasses okay
we're okay am i cool now and I also have
these little books that I got from
YouTube events and I also have this
drawstring bag that I got from first
easy Frances changeable theme okay and
offering the double chin angle and I
have my polaroid pictures clipped on
these wooden boards that I got from the
st. James bazaar again and I have
another Polaroid camera and this cute
pink pod is from landmark okay this is
where I might go back so my cool bag is
from a mellow and of course I have my
coin back in here because every time I
go home from school I put here all my
change from that day so that I'll help -
you think you know or time I change for
more allowance we put them in our piggy
bank and then we use a nice shut up
cut the piggy bank in December and oh
how we bought it on January I'm trying
my best to save because it's summer
vacation and that means madam Inga's
boss and that means hash that food is
life here my bed is my closet and I'm
not really going to get into detail
because it's kind of messy right now
so you guys liked it if you did make
sure to give it a big thumbs up and
don't forget to follow me on my social
media accounts and spectrum Twitter
snapchat as kept on Facebook all the
links will be down below and of course
make sure to subscribe so you won't miss
any videos from me I love you guys go so
much and don't forget here that smell
amazing bye
you
