hey is that dry this book so I'm back at
it again with another video for you guys
and this is going to be a back to school
haul yeah you guys have been requesting
this video I asked you guys for video
casts on Twitter and of you guys said
back to school back to school haul back
to school hug when I post it on snap
glad that I was back-to-school shopping
you guys really like back to school haul
back to school haul so I the school on
and I know you guys know calls like I'm
did a magical help wash it gonna check
that out the link will be in description
box as well also I did a summer clothing
haul and you guys you guys just go cause
I don't know why and to be honest
back-to-school shopping is the most
exciting part of back to school so I
know I'm not the old one right basically
I'm just going to show you guys the
stuff that I bought for back-to-school
and you might want to stay till the end
because I might be giving away some
stuff for you guys
I don't know stay to the end so starting
off where the National Bookstore most of
the stuff that I bought aren't from
National Bookstore so turning off is no
but stick adela know so much if you guys
watched my one I can't reduce videos you
guys will know that try to look for cute
notebook - natural book store but I
couldn't find any but you girls out in
all the books that I found oh I bought
these logbooks and it's my branch dry
and more notes and I'm I just love the
guy it's just so simple so about fiber
books because I still have extra log
books home Emily was fired up about a
not so exciting cat way mathematics
notebook who loves math not me of course
you need to write notebook to write
notebooks you need to write on your
notebook so I bought some fall pants and
these are the pilot I can't read it
properly these are the pilot GTECH c3
and 0.3 which I really like because I
love like thin wall pen points I don't
know what when I write you these my
penmanship is so good I don't know my
penmanship depends on the book and I'm
using is it only me I don't know but
yeah also got the same ball pens in
blue and grits I bought two mechanical
pencils because I don't know we kind of
love pencils are more fun than regular
pencil so I got two and I also got less
because you know you got her easel and
there's this double oh hi polymer lens
and yes in 0.5 next thing that I got is
a pilot whiteboard marker and always use
a whiteboard markers in school so I got
one in white white one I got one in
black blue and a permanent marker and
stuff so got a sharpie highlighter in
pink design looking highlighter is come
in handy when you're studying my notes
end up being a coloring book when I use
highlighters so I'm on your pot one
during my mistakes I bought a direction
tip and this is the Viper mister and I
got it anything is it looks amused I
also got a product correction pen I also
got this mini secret baby blue whoo oh
no it doesn't match me does it kinda
matches my nails so oh the staple
where's our blue as well
that is so cool also got Elmer's glue
and this is the glue stick one I also
bought Scotch scissors because I gotta
cut things I also got some post-its
because you know you got a post-it hey
I'm so quiet in this video I forgive me
need to make everything colourful
because if it's not colorful it's boring
so I'm Barbie Costello three to six
class color pencils comes with a
sharpener which is really cool I also
need pad paper because every time we
need pad paper I always end up asking
someone I can have one so yeah I need
this I also need got a paper format so I
got this and this is just the best by
graphing paper and yeah I almost forgot
to buy this so also the construction
paper because should be always used this
in
cool and lastly from Nicole bookstore I
bought a music notebook playing on to
forever 21 I only bought one thing from
there since I bought tails pencils and
markers I need to put them in a classic
case this pencil case which is actually
a makeup bag but I'm going to use it as
a pencil case like what I always do it
says Medicine cool I don't my mom
actually gave this to me so thank you
mom moving on to RO x which is the
recreational outdoor exchange this
single BEC smells good
it smells like food or I might just
hungry it's like 12 p.m. right now and
they haven't eaten lunch so bear with me
so I only got one thing from there which
is a one bottle from Klean Kanteen I got
a water bottle because in school I drink
a lot so I got a clean campaign
insulated the water bottle and it is in
matte black which I really like this mat
is just so cool I wanted so much because
it will keep my water called throughout
the whole day and clean caffeine also
pledges a part of their sales here's a
preservation and restoration of the
natural environment so that's a plus so
that is everything that I bought now
holding on to that giveaway there will
be two minutes really good way each one
it will get different prizes so let's
just jump right into it for the first
runner you will be getting this pencil
case which just says friendly for guys
and inside there are things of course
you will be getting together Olga
pencils and views are the world's best
pencil you know you'll also be getting
these decided Spence a sharpie pink
highlighter a wiper mystery correction
pink and blue some Penrod tape flags
says this cute notebook we off to the
prizes for the second winner is a flavor
the bone and it says that girl's got
attitude so gotta put this on you will
also be getting this Heathcoat and ivory
rainforest hand cream it hugs baby
powder because you know if you're like
in PE class and you gotta freshen up you
can just use this an endless supply of
hair dyes just
getting permits look this will last you
like for how many months I don't know
about you guys but I lose my hair ties
all the time so I'm gonna give you guys
some pair ties and these are from
forever 21 and lastly I'll be winning
this makeup bag or you can use this as a
pencil case like a while I did and by
the way I'm giving out a k-k-kids
because we need to observe proper
grooming in school so moving on and by
the way this makeup bag says Madison
muku which means today you guys so much
our birth mom keeps on growing and
growing and it's the effort that it gets
put on like making path pages edits and
the lovely messages that you guys send
me on Twitter Instagram just means a lot
to me so this my way of giving back to
you guys so moving on to the rules
unfortunately this giveaway is only for
people who live in the Philippines oh
I'm so sorry you got to enter this good
where you have to follow all the rules
so pretty happy to be subscribed to my
channel that's Bella second you have to
follow me on my Twitter Instagram and
snapchat a username where all those is
natural whitey and you also have to like
my Facebook page which is stat Sabella
lastly you have to read booster this
picture which I will also post on my
Instagram with the hashtag that's of all
whitey and y'all stops within the
caption why you want to win so those are
all the rules and by the way I'll be
messaging the winner in this state so
you have to reply with it like 2 to 3
days otherwise I'll be picking another
winner so that is it for this video if
you liked it my thing to this video a
thumbs up and I hope you guys either
pick a way because you know please stop
and even comment down below when your
school starts and that is it for this
video and don't forget your that's
amazing
bye
