Hey look at it don't for today's video
I'll be doing a what is in my purse
because you guys have been asking me to
do this video on my Instagram Twitter
and by the way I asked hmm and by the
way I have a Facebook page so it could
be right here just brush it presents I
just brush it just press it or the link
will be in the description box so yeah I
won't keep you guys waiting so I'll do
that today so this is my bag this bar
from my mom and it's just black and it
has silver hardware but basically this
is the bag that I bring to like when I
go to the mall sometimes I switch bags
so no so I opened my first is the
overview that you guys will see and I
know it's organized very organized I'm
good at organizing guys if you are
having a hard time organizing things in
your bag call me the first thing that
you'll see in my back is the love of my
life you do without this it's my big guy
this is my phone and if you guys want to
see it was the way I would see would let
me know actually I don't put this in my
purse that often because I want
my hands you know but yeah we put this
in my purse my pocket
so my crisps to save the love of my life
it's dead because I don't want it to die
I rang my charger because you know I
gotta save my babe so that's we had a
ring next thing on my first and my
portable charger and this is a like see
over because when my phone is about to
die I just pull this out with my purse
and then I use that actually I also
bring my camera with me but I can't
really show it to you guys because I'm
using it right now and see canon
powershot g7x and yeah i brings that
most of the time because I like taking
pictures with it or something same block
since I feel like I ran out to want to
bring a mini tripod so I just got this
um tripod like after you do find this
and this will be super helpful because I
remember during deep crazy camp I had to
borrow Lexi's tripod just to make that
like the guide remember the clip when I
was in with wedgie yeah I borrowed your
tripod for that but now I have one so to
be super helpful the next thing in my
purse is my earphones because you know
gotta jam to music and these are just a
basic aqua earphones whoo
so what as yeah that's in my first one I
was what else
and then my pretzels have a wallet and
this from Kate Spade and it's just black
and has gold hardware I have all of my
money here just kidding it's summer
vacation so that means no balance all I
have here is our
from McDonald which is already like
faded out you guys can't really see
anything
so yeah I have that this blessing in the
main section so I have a pouch full of
like hand sanitizer stuff like that the
first statements in my pouch is my
hairbrush because our brochure here and
you guys know the hairbrush a little
jealous yeah I got it from the windows
but yeah I just love this with a small
table I smell perfume bottle because you
know you can spray on her eyes if you're
just getting dull too bad so yeah I just
bring this in my purse I also have my
favorite of all which is real eyeballs
from benefits like I don't use any kind
of flip phone but this 110 lb sanitizer
which is from human nature and it's the
citrus burst and yeah sometimes I want
to use alcohol as the sanitizers so I
ring alcohol with me and is just a great
crossover Lisa's and yeah nothing really
special about it and lastly at how fat
tissue I coming on to this pocket I
already have much stuff in here but
because I have my wrist I along with so
much so I have the Doublemint sugar
mints and this is a wicker cross and I
have some hair ties and let's say my
purse is super exciting guys is that
ankle barrier to my camera
so basically that is everything that is
in my purse if you like this video make
sure to give this video a thumbs up and
leave a comment down below the things
you pray in your purse
and by the way according to my channel
hi my name is Bella and it would mean a
lot to me if you guys subscribe if you
subscribe you will be part of the belt
um and yeah that is it I hope you guys
like this video and don't forget your
that smell amazing bye
