hey guys April 16 and opiate ending to
an event today and it's the YouTube
creator day so I'm really excited to
meet a fellow youtubers so yeah and
there will be like panelists and people
and and you do it first and I know here
at the top I worked again so we are just
waiting for
there like so many bloggers there camera
yeah
I told about the Bella Bella she's the
youngest vlogger I've ever matched a
little cupboard I don't have to like I
wanna not this time subscribe to yeah
subscribe to me my name is will talks a
bit June I got the free plugin to
awesome
we are now going to take fixtures in the
road sighs I almost fell there to church
band via us
Tomiko I know so Desmond has ended
hey guys so I just got home from YouTube
creator day and I had so much fun
meeting all of those Filipino youtubers
finally I met the members of the YouTube
squad like at the Hannah Hawk at the fam
I was about to meet Lloyd Kadena will
guess Oh bitch
janila Bella and actually I had a
conversation with Lloyd but I wasn't
able to block it and I'm glad that I
attended that event as it's just one and
I can't wait for the coming events so
I'll end the vlog here and I'll see you
guys in my next vlog bye
