you
hey guys so it is March 24
which means is my first anniversary here
I need to thank you guys for an amazing
year here on YouTube and I appreciate
every single comment that you guys
comment on my videos and then let's
support that you guys have given me
thank you guys so so so much since it is
my first year here on YouTube I will be
doing the behind-the-scenes youtubers
and seek oh yeah I'll be answering all
the questions about being a youtuber so
I know you guys have been waiting for
this video because you guys keep on
asking what kind of camera do I use do I
use artificial or natural lighting so
the answers will be revealed today first
of all subscribe to my channel
okay that's subscribe button right there
or here so let's just get started what
can really use I use a Canon Powershot
g7 X and it is what vloggers mostly use
so this best for vlogging has good
quality but it doesn't have like nice
autofocus but when I started my channel
I use my phone to record my videos and
it got me to like 1000 subscribers which
is a lot if you guys don't have the
cameras you can use your phone as an
alternative who films for you a tripod
sales for me yeah most of the time my
car but for me make your tripod what
editing system you use I use Final Cut
Pro 10 I know it costs like few hundred
dollars but is very guys
I started with iMovie then I moved to
Final Cut Pro because it is the best
guys Final Cut Pro has a lot of like
effect transitions and you can also get
pockets for example Studios which i
really suggest you guys buy some plugins
because it makes editing so much better
some plugins that I use our program fold
ah Pro reveal Pro intro I use a lot I
just got plug as recently and I've been
loving the do you use artificial or
natural lighting I use both right now I
have a big window in front of me and I
have a studio light here and still you
light there so it's like Dallas I really
recommend buying studio lights but if
you live in a dark place
they prefer going see your lights but
sometimes it is super setting and
flipping so I think you guys don't need
to find something nice but in my case I
need to because that's the deal like
this happens yeah not the best lighting
not because I use it every night as my
background um I really need studio
lights what's the top item on your
balloon
the top item that is in my the bluish
list is a new camera the Canon Rebel t6i
camera buddy and then I'll get a sigma
lens the Sigma 13 millimeter f-14 lens
but I'm not planning to buy
here because I just bought a camera last
year so you know so yeah that is on
lineage what is your favorite day of the
week I love filming on Saturdays and
actually right now it is Saturday so
sometimes if I have like free time if
there's no classes I'll film because
sometimes I don't have the time to film
on Saturday or Sunday so what I do is I
finish all my homework on Friday or
sometimes I do my homework on Sunday
depends on like how many work I have you
plan your videos it's so I've had like
videos using notes on my phone I've had
my videos ahead of time or sometimes
last-minute how long does it take you to
film the average video it takes me like
10 to 15 minutes right now I've been
filming for 30 minutes so it depends on
the video
well in the day I filmed three videos
because it is so hard to set up like all
this and the lights it's so hard to set
up so yeah I want to make at least two
to three videos a day how many hours you
spend editing the average video I added
about three to five hours or days
because sometimes editing can be so hard
or sometimes I edit for three to five
hours straight
the favorite type of video to film I
personally love filming talking videos
like this and really know I love talking
videos more because like I'm communicate
you guys you feel awkward from around
many people to be honest yes sir
you bloggers here in the Philippines
it's almost easy talking to a camera
they're like what are you doing but I
think the YouTube community here the
circuit is growing love is your friend
that likes and videos with young as I
know it well actually I have some
youtube friends but we don't really talk
to each other that's all weird but it's
true I found my videos by myself or
sometimes I talk to my friends and ask
for their opinions but it is hysterical
very end of the year might be a big goal
but I think I want to reach 5,000
heparin or that's awfully fibrous but I
know you can do it hope you guys like
this video if you did make sure to give
it a thumbs up and pick it guys again
for the end of support and I'll see you
guys in my next video bye
