Oh
hey guys so today I'll be showing you
guys some life hacks that I found on
Pinterest I think some of you guys would
probably know some of the life hacks
that I'll be showing today but you know
some of you guys might not probably know
who leaves are back so these life hacks
will help you so let's get started if
you have hiccups and it won't go away
you can plug your ears by sticking your
fingers into your ears and 2004 20 to 30
seconds and it should remove your Inbox
if you want to get a little pat-pat
odor on your shoes what you can do is
get a dry tea bag and then put it inside
your shoe and leave it there for how
many minutes or ours and it should get
rid of the battery if you have lint on
your pants or your shirt and you don't
have a Ledge remover with you get on
erase it and then remove the lint with
it I actually figured this flight pack
out when I was boarding pass and then I
just like it was little my parents I
think
it get it out so I got the research so
friends any word if you want to watch a
YouTube video while you're doing
something and you don't know where to
place your phone what you can do is put
your glasses or sunglasses in this
position and then put your phone and
this will serve as a phone holder so
your foot won't fall while you're
watching if you want your hair to smell
good what you can do is get a brush and
then spray some perfume or body mist or
whatever you have a guy gosh it smell
good if you don't want to have visitors
while you're walking on your favorite
shoes you can put deodorant or petroleum
you can put the other end or petroleum
jelly on the back of your shoe because
that is where you got your whispers from
and that will stop friction so you won't
have this news anymore
if you don't have dry shampoos like I do
and if you like have oily hair and you
don't have a dry shampoo what you can do
is put petroleum petroleum jelly no
don't do that
but maybe powder in your hair and then
just massage it and after that you'll
have all your hair so that is it for
this video I hope these life hacks
helped you guys if it did make sure to
give this video a thumbs up and it would
mean a lot if you guys subscribe to my
channel and subscribing to my channel
will know
you every time I pull the video so I'll
see you guys in my next video bye
