hey guys so as you can see there's
another chair here and that's because so
today we'll be filming a Christmas Q&A
cuz I asked you guys on Twitter and
Instagram to ask me some questions and I
didn't mention to you guys that I'll be
doing it with Tim so we are filming this
on the 20 20 to 20 seconds faster than
okay senator Clinton Oh without further
ado let's just get start respectin is
from strips dot grande 13 very Christmas
gifts you have every kit I can just tell
you guys this year I can't remember the
gifts I got years ago got this i got i
got my overboard and it's Temescal ant
you ever receive you can't even fit the
screen that's Christmas guys that I have
ever seen is aloft and using it for
editing so next version is for makeup
Maddie well you do a water gun for
Christmas all say everything about
Christmas you secretly look at gets low
your Christmas tree and check out which
one is yours first question I might do a
what I go from Christmas haul we see you
hold because he doesn't sound right
everything about Christmas my favorite
thing about Christmas is the family
gathering of course you cannot forget
about the food family - family gathering
food if you do I got gifts below
Christmas tree and check it which one is
yours yes I do it yeah and I'll do next
question I guess would you like to
receive I want to plug it from six of
film studios just because it makes
editing so much better also what
minecraft premium I only have minecraft
crack in my username there is Angelo FTW
you can find me pika Network a guild
crap I receive money for Christmas gifts
well actually saves money I like every
time we have change or setting up change
from wire allowance you put them in our
piggy banks and then we use a knife
what's up cut the piggy bank in December
how we buy by January and then you have
to do it until December if you think is
a great gift idea per person who I don't
really know that much me the best gift
that you can give is a gift card you
give cash like that I get the card from
from Starbucks hmm forever 21 anywhere
you want
21 do you believe in said of course I do
um yeah yeah if your people at holiday
stop at the moment the moment I believe
me Santa tell me and I know it's not
that like Christmasy idea I really think
about real um I don't know anymore
kisses um except that jingle bells I
think that England yeah but I'm gonna
pick with that jingle of real you like
to travel dream Christmas or stay at
home drinking Starbucks traveling yeah
travel cool you can just go to a gas
station if there's Starbucks you can
just buy Starbucks I know you just sit
home be bored what is their Christmas
wish this like when we said earlier yes
give me a minecraft minecraft premium
your favorite much already food mine is
chicken or pasta hey you know it just
gets at the bottom it away family never
leaves us to the next question D is
Gustav Mahler know I've never you wait
long as possible Nikola
I don't think we how are you
oh I got cancer the ball over here oh my
god it's from a like a Christmas give me
get like in the basket I can just
actually pounded them done this like red
wax bread Black Studies culprit but the
change specially inside you open gift
during Christmas Eve or during Christmas
itself but I actually open Christmas
gifts when I receive them be open gifts
from our family members to majesty so
that is it for this Christmas Q&A and
you want me back the videos she does
like Christmas gift to you if you guys
want more videos with him making this
video a thumbs up you guys have a Merry
Merry Christmas I'll see you guys in my
next video bye
yeah okay so ah
there's noise outside wait a minute song
song but like very nice just so is your
Christmas wristlet refresh okay the best
but
