hey guys you can tell by the title and
my background I will be doing a giveaway
2015 has been a good year and a lot of
good things happen throughout the year
like starting my channel and have a new
friends like that so I want to give back
to you guys
and yeah I will also have two videos
after this video probably coming really
soon but I will also be having mini
giveaways in each video without further
ado let's just get started so one of you
will be winning this box and all you
have to do is just kidding this is not
the only thing that you'll be waiting so
inside there are prizes let me just take
off the lid and yeah let's just jump
right into it so the first thing that I
see in here is this blue-and-white Aztec
pattern I don't know what to call it but
it's a makeup bag from Khurana and
they're all sick things inside so this
is just the overview of what human
winning this thing is this fighting
fragrance mist and it's from Bath & Body
Works and I have been using this since I
was great five I think I do not know but
yeah I love this scent so I hope you
guys liked it too got lip products for
you guys so the first the product is
this Stila lip glaze and it's in the
shade color I don't know go ahead and
yeah the next thing is the wave lips lip
balm and it has SPF 20 and flavor berry
also even a rings and four rings and
it's from each and every string has a
black flower on it so yeah and this
princess it has six strings but it only
has four helps me getting this it's
upside down okay
you will also be getting this string
from H&M I think that I see in this
makeup bag is this human nature soothing
balm Curtis and bergamot forgot
I don't know basically if you have a
headache you can just come here so this
would be very helpful if you always have
like headache or something like that I
think that I see in this makeup bag are
some hair ties or injure hair ties blue
hair ties and yeah it's just colorful so
they'll be getting with this but one of
you guys will also be winning this few
seed velvet body milk and perfusing cups
of body wash and it's probably the face
shop
so yeah the thing is so cute
it's so Christmas me Christmassy I gotta
wear these things
sorry if I keep on saying the next thing
the next thing the next thing I don't
know what to say anymore
okay these do all those strips and these
four black heads of this cute bag at H&M
so I decided to give one for you guys
and it's this Aztec one and it's better
white the next thing is this cute
notebook and it's been working and I am
obsessed with cute notebooks or no books
in general they'll also be getting any
pens so you can start writing on your
notebook and this is you my gel 0.6 and
it's the neon pink one I also saw this
dream Patrick and it's in the color blue
and this will catch your bad dreams so
just put it near your bed so let's the
last thing that you'll be winning is
this Starbucks gift card you can buy
like any drinking that I get every
Christmas is a deep butter beer or
vanilla cream with coconut syrup it's
the best so these are the major prizes
and I will be showing you guys the minor
prizes the two of you will be winning
the exact same bag that I showed you
guys a while ago and the paper lips lip
balm there was the only three winners
first winner will be reading the major
prizes and the tutors will be when a the
minor prizes so in order to enter this
debate need to be subscribed to my
channel should be subscribe to my blog
channel that smell bugs and rule
you have to follow me on Instagram and
Twitter my username with best fellow
white I'll be posting up the trailer
Instagram so you have to impose that and
with the hashtag that's about whitey and
comment down below why you want to win
others will be listed in the description
box so if you want to screen cap that to
make sure you followed all the rules
it's right there this is not
international is only for people who
live in the Philippines and I'll be
announcing the winners on December 20 so
if I message you on Twitter or Instagram
you have to reply within two days or
else I will be picking another winner so
that is it for my giveaway I hope you
guys enter that and if you win I hope
you enjoy the prizes and yeah thank you
guys so much see you guys in my next
video bye
