when you nod your head yes but you wanna
say no
hey guys finally I have the time to film
since finals are over or exams are over
but in this video I'll be doing an
outfit diary or an abscess lookbook but
I won't betray you guys to outfits
because um like the first day and the
fourth day that I was in Hong Kong I
just wore pants and shirts and yeah it
wasn't really that special and when I
was about to put my other outfits it
started raining you guys follow me on my
social media like Twitter Instagram and
snapchat you guys know that I went to
Hong Kong but yeah guys want to see the
outfit that I wore just keep on watching
so this first outfit is the one I wore
to Disneyland and it goes super hot that
way so thankfully I wore shorts
so my white t-shirt is from Uniqlo yes
but you and my blue kimono is from H&M
and my black shirts are also from H&M
and my shoes are from fans and this is
my favorite pair of fuse and my backpack
is from Herschel this is the outfit that
I wore to our city tour and yeah it was
kind of hot that day too so yeah so my
top is from H and M and my pattern
shorts are oh oh oh ah I can't speak it
is also from H&M once again my backpack
is from Herschel you guys have been
asking me where I got my sunglasses and
I got mine from H&M and I wore my events
again did you guys like it
why do I keep snapping oh those are
Memphis that I wore in Hong Kong tell me
which outfit you like better I like I
like the first one better and by the way
I've looked when I was in Hong Kong so
I'll put the link of it in the
description box and comment down below
some video requests so make sure you
give a thumbs up yeah yeah yeah so I'll
see you guys in my next video bye
