hey guys so today I will be doing it
what's on my iPhone because you guys
requested it many times and it's a
collaboration with Lexi Rodriguez I'll
put the link of her channel and video in
the description box so after you watch
my video go to your channel and watch
her video so let's get started so this
is my phone I have the iPhone 5 and I
got it I have it in white obviously
let's have this case and it has hearts
on it so when you open my iPhone you
will see you this lock screen and it has
a jo sukh and Caspari in it because they
are my favorite favorite for youtubers
so then I'll enter my passcode the first
page you'll see all go outside come with
your iPhone I just have messages
calendar photos camera contacts settings
apps or calculator voice memos clock
freestyle videos notes reminders and the
iTunes Store and right here I have a
folder and it's just named extras
because I don't really use these apps I
have passbook comm-pass soft you send
Game Center Health iBooks Maps weather
tips Apple watch and podcasts at the
bottom you'll see phone mail Safari and
music and if you have like some
recommendations comment it down below
because I need to download more songs
because I only have like ten so on the
next page you'll see all the social
media that I use Shia v2 which you're
obviously on right now and I was
watching Bethany's vlogs and yeah we're
actually near 1.6 K so thank you guys
for that then I have YouTube's video and
you'll see all the likes and comments
and also the dislikes you get and yeah
they're super helpful so if you're a
youtuber you should definitely get this
because yeah and I have Instagram
you should definitely follow me and my
username is that Sibel YT and I'm
working on my teeth yeah I get them then
I have Twitter and my
Twitter is that's Bella by Tina and I
have snapchat and my sentence is that
Bella YT then I have Gmail about
Facebook which is private and yes I
still use Facebook but I don't post like
always then I have facebook messenger
WeChat and I use WeChat for to chat with
my friends six-ten on viber which is
private we heard it and I've been using
we heard it for the longest time because
I sit for like tumblr pictures here also
like wallpapers and stuff like that then
I have Spotify I'm I don't really use
this because I don't know how to use it
yet oh yeah I'm not always using that
then I have n stuff overs and you'll see
all of your unfollowers new followers
and the people who block you so the
super elf open is the last page I have
all of my editing apps also the extras
and something like that right here I
have all of my apps that I use for
editing I have after life which I don't
really use at vsco cam and that is my
super use app then I have aviary aviary
I don't know how to pronounce that but I
used up to like white in the background
for my second theme then I was crying
and I use this for my borders which I'll
show you guys later when I show you guys
how I edit my Instagram pictures please
superimpose and this one I use for like
Photoshop and I almost like to edit on
the computer because I'm not used to it
so I always edit on my phone then I have
fun so and that's what I use for like
the text and I've been using this a lot
then I have 1967 and I don't really use
this because I don't like the filters so
I don't know why I don't live in it but
I might delete it later
then I have to click post to make a
collage but I only use this anymore I
have fixed art and I use this for like
editing and
yeah so this last folder I have
dictionary camera connects hey I'm Sam
and this is my lightsaber because every
time I hear a good song in a YouTube
video I always use this and this where I
always get my songs oh yeah secret menu
and I don't really use this I don't know
why I don't look at that I don't really
use they have this video downloader
which doesn't really work so it's kind
of useless so that's it for my what's on
my iPhone but I'm going to show you guys
how I add my Instagram pictures so I go
to vsco cam and I just select a picture
I use the filter HB 1 or H P 2 it
depends on the lighting but right now
I'm going to use HP 1 and I just um
increase the exposure um it depends of
the lighting I'm going to select that
and then I go to contrast it just
depends on the lighting so I'm going and
then I go to temperature and I lower it
down but I go save it to my phone let's
just wait for that that's basically how
I added my through pictures so that's it
for this video don't forget to go to
like this channel and check her video
out and yeah I'll see you guys in my
next video
