okay that's right it's Bella today's
video is going to be one of the most
awaited videos I don't know why but this
is gonna be another sister Q&A and as
you guys can see I'm with my sister
yeah I still did not know her name is
Talia or eye color in Thalia but her
real name is avi so this is about a
whole bunch on the holobands gotta go
meet your video and I thought because I
think this is like our third video no
sister Q&A and by the way guys this is
not only gonna be a Q&A I'm also gonna
do a bad grade so I'm gonna raid your
bag so while I'm reading here bad we're
gonna answer some questions that I asked
you guys to ask us on Twitter using the
hashtag asked Bella X idea
so without further ado let's just get
started
we're gonna start off with a mess of a
grade then while I'm going through the
ice and we're gonna answer your
questions okay so what is your bag
called
so this is the bag I use whenever I go
out this is a saline nano bag yes okay
so let's go through it and then you
throw some money for some questions okay
so the first thing that I see in here is
a creaky I get so this is how it looks
like it's from Tory Burch I know a guy
named young dalawa and I am so Iowa say
on your short tempers lucky lucky some
I'm Oh golly
yo moody shampoos II would Yahoo because
I would be nothing Emma people come on
means a nothing would shock when toga
however when every a scary question
Spanish another your mock went to me
okay away with so the first thing that I
see into this like it is toothbrush and
toothpaste for that's coming and then
the next thing is human nature sanitizer
Mossad the shower of citrus burst your
scent and this no sebum mineral powder
from Innisfree amorous coming on
everyday powder tell that I will not
shine not shine because we're both oily
opposite all benefit from benefit or
favorite that lifted and my lip balm is
from Vaseline the last two things in
here it's all eyelash curler from age of
the face shop and then our favorite
go-to round product from benefit which
is the proof throughout pencil weight
illustrate number five for us
commercially Tina's my Nouveau personal
you go hero what is this yeah my guess
is me in Java Scala but it's kind of a
short nap those lucky shot nothing
yeah I wouldn't get oxidized I only go
to Manila if I have events this means
my head for a am name's not the same
it's a father side you'll make up 70
knots in the daily Porou East for a
young ace family for a young name Xena
so can I have it up good night on that
vamos a hacer la Habana my name my real
name is Arabella the Soviets Angelou CC
gen IV a pooh-bah hey no I'm not rig
know something I say but I got having
friends so you and cinemas Hawaii yes
hard time for me so you know like what I
said a while ago super super as incoming
Angelo Camino you vlogging but their
cousin additional god it's not me see
the file nikita animal sorry if every
lemon scare away we don't leave me alone
in our son you know who's like the smell
yeah my oldest car it's a common but
they will be or Starbucks coffee misty
everything doesn't want us hasn't been
good my me mafia
see the man I mean Guinea Hiram's in the
mid of course we should not be there
was it for comments on appeal is of the
my para vanilla type in the official
election shopping Prince's Mesenbourg
commit Dawson of Love Shack navasana why
onion are booming
yeah yeah thanks inside jokes inside
your maxilla the mom's away
Tina Tina
yeah yeah yeah people go because mimic
but really over
is this a bit corny Brimmer oh that's it
again once again save my fiends anomaly
me pick my own meantimes I gotta pee
Angelo food tell me how do you peed on
my lips I wouldn't fight for it why did
the we agreed to do another baby with
you it actually took me a long time does
it that bad video gap in having video is
do some hookah high level just stay
tuned for the travel vlogs where those
about how many people on our panel blog
- ah - bug person just gonna sit down
and uh part of for a Paris human sister
Tiffany's it gives negative one I mean
before you think I would allow you to
the point Alexa Pune fell over you
killed a fellow that apparently Eiland
is be like at the syllabus
really matter for you and that is
another love and hate about each other
movie because
and a pal of it was like very big ghetto
but me you know society mom or dad say
Oh Neely diva Masami like Angela
Donnelly Arizona
hey goose love and when I go into hand
cleaning store by Auto Show
you didn't shower does uh no listen
she's this organized by Oh Sehun yeah
I'm gonna do me like I'm Kaila
your mother Mahalo but other than
Lillian is sometimes Pacino some anomaly
this commonality Bemis no I mean your
mom Beth go I make my bed I make I know
I clean everything except my domain
disorganize no Cooper but anybody makes
me bread but I know and when she makes
time cannot be so sure enough I did not
bang bang mini makeup idea because I'm
always busy so you know nothing illegal
Guatemala or go - angel oh no it's me
yeah there are little E's McGee in
Canada no but I just don't have enough
time to make gala gah-la
because it's like if you have mental
health problems will give tell appear
family I would tell it to my family I
know it's hard to let it all out
but mostly you know come on me
more a expressing that
that's always remember that you're not
alone and always think positively you
yeah you should be shared your loved
ones or seen those Union hollows yeah
seek for help
yeah but make sure a gosh I'm prepared
under the forehead of them when you feel
there's someone who understands yeah
you're not alone always remember that
and if you share to others or maybe
vegans getting on Mel unless that will
really help you on TV get over the
different yeah you would feel better
how many times do you take a shower in
Mohammed Amin know what to say I'm even
better lately super loving player love
man what is your favorite way to spend a
Saturday I wasn't loving the food but if
I'm not filming oh no no let's see
Netflix or YouTube or not spam alone
dividends or go with his friends
no always seen up for you by lighting
booth um saving you this then if I can
find column will go to political comedy
very are cheeks are getting bigger
examine the monologue with Allah cause I
mean it's nila they're not cheeks was
mathematics me at me
are you dog or a cat person you've been
a holonomic dog
I see zap zap Shih Tzu shot opposed
tears up your brush and then I'm next to
Cooper a little bit yeah yes Irene
housekeeper I see that beyond the common
opinion so I don't know why trooper yeah
tapas you lass I eat a so I'm shall be
go
that's kdj because Daniel does European
armata gaming leave us a I think
thorough under to get ready allows the
owner papaya I'm 18 I have 60 so do
years you know not a be I'm not
traveling up even another one that
she'll servants its to take that chap is
the other side that the two of you have
the same interest but ABM because they
business-related Charlotte just so so
they want to be an entrepreneur
something I wanna know that because it
my top two choices
I know news or Indian gossip if I take
news I'm not sure if I'm gonna be like
interested some media the future so of
course I want to have um business back
yeah a background about about business
cuz i'm alan wilson future business
falafel I'm gonna start a business
Turner
favorite Netflix series AHA Gossip Girl
I haven't watched Gossip Girls
bah-bah-bah
Bear Island peril uncle our favorites go
stranger things
yeah changer things and vinegar Vincent
Bendix Alice can I alia earning Silas
Nadine was a BSA me no I don't get
jealous
is it your friends Christina Conell
Danella boyfriend jealous of your
achievements no I'm not jealous and
proud yeah yeah is it for your family is
more a kike Oh cousin miss the makeup I
think I see oh no not me I mean
Penelope's nominee me on of me makeup
LaFave day's events nonetheless not my
makeup and universities most likely to
be a her
most memorable moment secure upon the
Koala tongue coming together all right
everything Aloha mean offense now maybe
by getting an anomaly anomaly
probability turnout means then Oh
Melissa pH at NASA
your crash course in that they're under
shower I mean almost lahat I love you
Tommy I mean that how long did all the
hats a school not mean anything got a
Ferrari love team singular oh it's
lovely
nothing commend our TAS is well got my
units are gonna know friends novel para
what and the numbers have been doing is
a very good friends your promises a
subpoena by the hawkmoon son potentially
so that is it for justice till Q&A I
hope you guys liked it if you did make
sure to give it a big thumbs up and make
sure to subscribe to be part of the hash
tag alikom and take a notified whenever
I upload a new video I'll see you guys
in my next one and don't forget your
that smell
by
