hey that's right it's Bella welcome back
to my channel and if you're new here hi
my name is Bella
I'm a 15 year old Filipina youtuber who
makes beauty and lifestyle videos so
make sure to subscribe to be part of the
hashtag Bella fam so guys this is gonna
be my first ever video for 2018 and
because of that I will be doing a highly
requested video which is my skincare
routine but before I start I just want
to tell you guys that what works for me
might not work for you since we have
different skin types skin conditions and
stuff like that and just a disclaimer
I'm not a dermatologist so I'm sorry if
I'm doing something wrong so yeah
without further ado let's just get
started
hey guys I'm in the restroom right now
and before I start my skincare routine I
always like to put on a headband so that
you know you don't want your hair to do
all over your face while you're doing
your skincare routine okay so the first
thing that I like to do is remove my
makeup if ever I'm wearing makeup on
that day so if I'm reading like a full
face of makeup I like to use this
vanilla coke queen is zero so this is
like a balm that melts on your face
yeah I'm right full face right now as
you can see but if like everyday if
I'm wearing like simple makeup like
mascara lip then I only use a makeup
wipes well I also like to use makeup
wipes whenever I have like a full face
of makeup but I don't have makeup wipes
right now so yeah I'll be using this but
before that I'm just gonna wash my hands
make sure that they're clean okay but
hands are no clean okay I actually lost
the spatula so
my hands any meat so just taking some of
the bomb actually don't eat a lot
because a little goes a long way that
this bring it up so there I'm just gonna
rub it so yeah basically I'm just
rubbing that all over my face booting my
eye makeup just gently though because if
you rub your eye is like like that oh
how pretty close guys
the only hard victory move is my mascara
wait guys I use more mascara and it's so
hard to remove so yeah I leave it there
for like five to ten minutes so that
maybe ability not varoius can see like
great foundation and my concealer and my
mascara it's already nothing okay now
I'm just gonna wash it off
guys look how fast that moved my makeup
like that's why I really love this
product so this is how my face looks
like right now and by the way I haven't
told you guys that my skin type is
combination so I'm gonna be sub is own
and then here drive okay next um I
really like to make sure that my face is
makeup free so that it's completely
filled so I'm gonna be using this
Maybelline micellar water so this
removes my makeup closes hydrates and
swims my skin so I'll just be taking a
cotton pad and and if you have watched
my skin cavity my first every skin care
team I use this and I always like to
make sure that I take off my lipstick
there that is the excess makeup you guys
now that my face is completely clean
I'll be a cleansing my face using this
in a speech Arabic anak pore cleansing
foam and sometimes I also like to use
this this is from cause rnx and this is
their locate good morning gel cleanser
but I'm mainly used to this in the
morning so this one I use during night
time and I really love how this feels on
my skin because guys after I use of this
one my face feels so soft so I'm going
to just let my piece that thing is about
this so now I'm just gonna wash it
and I'm just going to Pat my face dry Oh
guys make sure don't get fat and the
like since that's going to make your
skin next one is my favorite part which
is putting on a mask so this one is from
skin-food
this is their rights mask wash off and I
emulate how this feels on my skin
afterwards because guys my skin feels so
soft and also it brightens up my skin
because of course I don't want my skin
to look dull so yeah if you eat some of
this I'm just gonna put that over maybe
it's cuz a pity on my nose and xcopy
night without Manito but since for a
meal you know that
so this is how my face looks like when I
have a mask and then I like to leave
this mask on for 10 to 15 minutes
so why usually go online for when we go
on social media but right now I'm just
gonna brush my teeth to be something
neat I don't know the later videos okay
now I'm gonna good brushing my teeth
actually an even 10 to 15 minutes so
let's just leave it sorry
Kasana may be the cook let's have a
little chat session so I won't get bored
meeting
okay I think it's not time to watch my
mess by the way guys I have a lot of
favorite masks do you mean love the it's
from philosophy I'll insert a picture
right here yeah I really love that but
also but it cleans my pores well of
course I use some primers and primers
clogs my pores so I'm gonna use this on
two to three times a week and it's not
like lotion the next step is stoners so
I'll be using this in this prejudge you
look I'm a part owner and Coubertin
annual cleanser that I use so I'll be
getting a cotton pad this one is my
favorite it's so soft
from cuddles and shape I won't shake it
before I use it
we put that all over my face
next it is time to moisturize as well
leaping up absurd coumadin toner because
guys he always have to let it up to
start first before you put on another
product because pomona know then if you
don't let it absorb okay so how open
about sorry old toner I'll be talking
about moisturizers which is the nature
Republic aloe vera soothing gel mist and
we also have the gel one dose it up and
another it's a gel but I prefer this
more because it's like less time
consuming because you have you just have
to spray it I like the Jeong have to
apply it and then you have to wash it
off the day after so I use like this one
so if you really like me go get this one
and it's basically just the same thing
so yeah I'm just going to use this and
yeah not certain I'm donor so much spray
some of this it smells so good smells
refreshing now that I'm the moisturizing
my face of course I also have to
moisturize my lips this is an essential
you guys because I don't like waking up
with chapped lips like so I'll be using
this luggage special care lip sleeping
mask in the flavor baggie I really love
this one guys and my lips right now is
super dry it because
stick my lips just dry it out kind
before I cut up lipstick like me there's
our Buster ace and then I put on my
lipstick and then afterwards my lips are
super super drying so yeah this has been
my best friend and guys it doesn't
really smell like Barry
it smells like bubble gum which smells
so good
okay so that meets my skincare routine
so that is it for my skincare routine
and if you haven't watched last year's
skincare routine I'll put the link down
below if you guys like this video make
sure to give it a big thumbs up and make
sure to subscribe to be part of the hash
tag Bella fam and to get notified
whenever I post a new video
and make sure to comment down below also
some video suggestions like you guys
want me to do for this year I'll see you
guys in my next video and don't forget
your adaptable amazing bye
