hey that's right it's Bella as you guys
can see from the title today's video is
gonna be a pretty chill one because I'm
just gonna get unready with you guys so
basically I'm just gonna remove all of
my makeup and do all my skincare and
well doing all those I'll be
chit-chatting with you guys because guys
I realized nothing I got up a long he
didn't cook you a day like what I asked
on Twitter and I used the hashtag ask
that fella
there's only W involved me its 2017 back
but if you guys did not know I always do
Twitter parties on my Twitter accounts
so if you guys haven't followed me yet
the link will be down below as well as
many other social media accounts but
anyway if you're new to my channel hi my
name is Bella I'm a 16 year old Filipina
youtuber Wix beauty and lifestyle videos
so make sure to subscribe to be part of
the hashtagged all of them and of course
don't forget to click the bell button
right beside the subscribe button so
that you'll get notified whenever I
upload a new video okay so without
further ado let's just get started
okay so that was cool a gimmick
film or whenever I'd get home from an
event or basically everyday because I do
wear minimal makeup every single day
when I say minimal make-up it's just
cheap then I lifted also football you
know but right now I do have a full face
of makeup because you know today is a
filming day and I don't know about you
guys but before I sleep I always like to
remove my makeup no matter what happens
no matter how sleepy I am because I guys
there's a huge tendency now would be
break out a la caja oh sure yeah keep
that in mind
okay so first I'm just gonna put on my
headband of course and I got this new
headband
I have worn this is no video yet it okay
so the first step is to remove all of my
makeup finally so to remove my makeup I
use the Garnier skin Naturals micellar
cleansing water so this is for oily and
acne prone skin which is the type of
skills that I have but I'm not really
that acne prone but if I do get pimples
I only get them here's a forehead
guys they're actually two variants for
it is micellar cleansing water so this
one is for oily and acne prone skin
while this one is for sensitive skin and
as you can see mah stoah stoah sadita
because i didn't know that they had
micellar water for oily and after boat
skin so before I used to use the pink
one and I think this is my third bottle
okay but anyway I'm just gonna get a
cotton pad and I'm just gonna use the
blue one okay so you all know what in
our tango Sam makeup go is my eye makeup
because it's the hardest one to take off
but with this micellar water it's super
easy you just have to put it like this
this is my bad Menasha guys you don't
really have to rub it because it's gonna
every take your eye area so guys you
have to be gentle that on that not only
is the eye area but also on your whole
face and guys take know what I used
waterproof mascara also eyeliner today
okay I think that's good
it already took off most of my eyeshadow
okay so this is the part that I can
gently rub it okay wait let's look for a
question how to get more than eight
hours of sleep with a busy schedule okay
so as you guys know I'm in student /g to
wear so I really have a busy schedule
every single day but open wide it
probably the top was when I get home
from school you could autonomy empowered
go so on most of the time
Agatha Logano to log any other areas is
nine latest Missy guru maha eleven but I
try my best to sleep early I say you
know when your muscles are freaking out
go us and if I don't get enough sleep I
see you know on to window so classes
which is not good good most guys despite
your busy schedule always find time to
sleep or yes cuz it's super important to
regain your energy okay but guys it was
super easy to remove my eye makeup look
at the difference the but I'm gonna get
amazing I know how to stop it going on
skin cares a good bit actually we don't
want a long time so if I go on on
skincare it's really up to you maybe
once you get home on you can do your
skincare I got the guy Oh guys guys I
love y'all ready to go when I get home
tapas after that are you my skincare
routine so guys it really depends on you
come on stop again senior high school
who me now I can see the difference of
junior high school and senior high
school hey guys if you find junior high
school difficult well because that is a
senior night for those who are wondering
I'm taking up a BM I mean senior high
school is also fun because you know my
mouth weakened so I you're enjoying you
long guy is your school cuz your parents
couldn't see me
this looks cool so guys make the most
out of each school year okay can you
guys see my acne scars Mitchum shadow
visible say camera but in real life I
have a few acne scars but that's okay
what is your most favorite skincare
product okay for me huh it's my celery
water that I gotta say it doesn't only
remove your makeup but it also cleanses
your face so you don't really have to
cleanse your face afterwards but for me
I always like to cleanse my face with my
cleanser you know it's really up to you
what are you planning to do in the
Christmas vacation I'm planning to do
vlogmas again if you guys did not know
love myself last year and you guys
really liked it I don't know let's see
what will happen I'm bonyen along
involves loggerheads because I didn't
want to do vlogmas this year
what's your morning routine should I
make a video all about my morning
routine I feel like it's still you know
not special because even I don't know
get agua I mean I have I do have a
routine
I don't you feel like you know
interesting guys by the way when
removing your makeup don't forget it
Nick okay so why normally use two cotton
pads for my face one size the opposite
of the whole face simple guys look how
easy I removed my makeup wait I almost
forgot my lip sweet love okay so this is
my bare face so guys if you're looking
for a good micellar water then get
yourself this Garnier one because I
swear effective that is like removing
eye makeup impurities oil or any causing
dirt oh and I forgot to mention that
this also works as a gentle toner and
you don't really have to rinse your face
after you use this so if you guys want
to get the number one micellar water
brand in the Philippines and worldwide
ears can get this and all outlets
nationwide and another thing I love
about these brands are these are proven
for Filipina skin
since we're not paying hydrating
cleanser and this blue mattifying
cleanser okay but anyway now I'm just
gonna wash my face this is what I like
to do in my skincare routine so I'm just
gonna go to my comforter real quick now
that I'm done cleansing my face I also
like to exfoliate but I only do this
like once a week please guys know how i
irritate then your Pug exfoliate every
single day which is bad so don't do that
I also like wearing masks
but for now I'm not gonna put any masks
on okay so much of - on your face go so
I'm just gonna use this pore scrub phone
and exfoliating my skin would help on
clean up my pores since I did put makeup
on so I'm just gonna gently rub this all
over my face not an almost anime on
visible pores which is the cheek area
and guys it's really important to look
for the right exfoliator for you okay
while this is on my face I'm just gonna
go look for some more questions thoughts
about mental health awareness okay so
this is a very heavy topic to talk about
but for me mental health awareness is
very very important because each and
every one of us is being educated on how
to prevent it or on how to treat people
with such illness or path remove the
stigma all about this okay guys it's not
party little bit up body why not because
I think nowadays is super easy to be
caught up in such mental health illness
and I think we should learn how to
respect and accept for who they are and
what they're going through okay I think
it's now time to wash my face okay so no
tangles ownio um exfoliator
okay so the next step in my skincare
routine is to put toner so I'm just
gonna get some of this I don't get my
god with more panthan going on bumps and
all um if ever I do have bumps I use
aloe vera gel you know being a bad bag
overnight ups you wash it off the
following day for my friend it works up
a tangle no bumps actually for me too
because when I stopped using that the
kabob Zola Tahoe
I think that's effective for my skin
type but guys take note now if I go skin
tight it's nothing okay so I'm just
putting my toner all over my face and
this is also gonna help hydrate my skin
I say you know my dry outside they have
no exfoliator thoughts about kpop or any
other k-pop groups I have a lot of
friends not as in fine fettle get on
kpop Busan it up until 11:00 you mela
black pig or DTS but your mom has been
delaying that waffle take a hop on a
tire and your friend kasi Hanukkah
playing down I forgot the title Busta he
pops you guys can Tasha that was the
reasoning DeLonghi upon a gente this is
all because of them but I really find
their songs catchy and your ma baba
anthem Ethel I got because you know
that's like what happened to me okay so
the next step is I'll be spraying some
rose water on my face
okay so it really depends on my mood if
I just want to spray it with water or if
I want to apply it aloe vera gel on my
face it's still early it's like 4:32
p.m. so maybe before I go to bed I'll
put on my aloe vera gel because it's an
essential for my forehead and the last
step is to put on lip balm this is a lip
sleeping mask so I'm gonna put that over
my neck so yeah that completes my
skincare review
is it for this video thank you so much
for getting unready with me if you guys
want to see more of these videos make
sure to give it a big thumbs up and make
sure to subscribe to be part of the
hashtag bellezza and together to fight
whenever I upload a new video I'll see a
is in my next one and don't forget your
last of all amazing
