good afternoon it's already 1:40 p.m.
but anyway I decided to work today even
though it's kind of a lazy day because
today is gonna be a challenge for me
because I cannot use any apps on my
phone so it's gonna be a day like no
other because I use app on my phone
every single day but I decided to vlog
parmitano struggles Co so guys like what
I said it's already the afternoon so my
brother and I giggle getting more and so
I decided to bring him along with me
because when I tell Ogawa idea I mean
before I wanted to be a shelf but you
know but I was super cute so I think
Angelo's will be a big help and by the
way you lose to an Armenian is the best
fast services I've been craving so I'm
actually gonna come in our ingredients
we decided to cook Maria now fast enough
you cannot use any app so in becoming
about bugs delivery okay so I get to not
miss a kitchen and you know what's
coming ok so here are the ingredients so
we have some basil suppose put your
nominee if you guys are we best owner
and just a Shayla and also garlic may be
sure that with pistachio what is it I
know you're supposed to be pine nuts
and then we also garlic parmesan
Parmesan cheese extra virgin olive oil
mozzarella
I mean under edgy I don't know yeah
what's my job
peel pistachios so guys that's already
new for you guys my head I got this with
my hands amazing against believe you
crossed me your chickens and all the
book first I moved on on the manifesto
gay
so guys remain done with an app like
Pinterest for the recipes or even
YouTube Google so I'm gonna remove the
skin of the garlic
young guys I can't play and music why is
I always like Winnie baby like I'm just
gonna eyeball it
okay so even if it may not be bidding
pistachios no no no no I'm not alone
when I said but even grocery this one
I'm fine not stuff is it that hard to
find
I don't wanna lose one of the key
ingredients of I'm sorry I'm not a chef
I mean I love watching cooking videos
tasty tasty videos alright
so my neck the first things first is I'm
gonna put I'm gonna put the garlic into
the mortar and pestle and then I'm gonna
mash it up
so yeah I'll do that Oh young pistachio
and dominate linguini what am I gonna do
put the water in the no heat it up ah
how do you activate this electric stone
so first I'm gonna mimic new 3270
I know what I'm doing
okay so how do you do this power on you
a nun nun no it's red for just pressing
your guns on buttons you guys so um
Christmas in here oh yeah I'm beating
these garlic until pace
I don't know how about we miss to come
on I think I'm a little gonna take off
the stem on professional chefs are you
watching should I be using a knife you
should know which one I should grind
first girl nuts or the basil
not so much been stuck in my head for
the pesticide set this aside and now I'm
gonna cut a small love cheese that's
parmesan I want you to create this this
ball of cheese
this is the hardest part three things
well my sister is grating I'm gonna add
the basil into the this abomination this
garlic is supposed to face but I don't
know what happened you know what I think
what I'm supposed to do is I'm gonna put
some extra virgin olive oil extra virgin
olive oil here add some basil there's a
mashup come on if you need to talk about
Musil cheese and a great cook
is that okay okay so since we're having
a hard time grinding the basil put in
your garlic I remember before you're
gettin out man
maybe she got one on pesto and I
remember now gamma gamma XI now in
blender so that's what we are gonna do
see we do not gonna go to the Patent
Office and understand I mean you're too
big but I
so while Angela is doing that I'm just
gonna tie my hair it's too hot it's too
hot it's uber hood
okay I paid my hair around you I think
you should mix it what are we doing
anyway my Bobo movies are them but it's
not so good skipper dummies and sauces
and I think it's time let's go let's go
just go just go
time to bathe wait
so good I'm not exaggerating
Angelo how was the pastor it's good
mr. Akshay guy is getting mono grandma
home and it was good though so good job
vanilla I mean good job to us so guys
because of this challenge they realized
how important apps are some of you a
nothing because guys did I don't know
anything about Nina we struggled we kind
of struggled cussing about coming back
you to about going Pinterest Google are
like any app at all involved among
Spotify and if you guys did not know
Spotify is my life now you can see on
IKEA no music so that was kind of a
struggle for me because you know how
long we will do it over long without
sounds without music you know how about
you guys how do you a pill in your daily
lives comment on below is a hashtag like
no other so if you guys like this video
make sure to give it a big thumbs up and
make sure to subscribe to be part of the
hashtag battle famine fight whenever I
upload a new video I'll see you guys in
my next one
and don't forget your that's all amazing
