he's right it's Baba today we are in
Hong Kong and there's a red major I
thought with my momager today since I'm
a minor I have to bring this area to me
but anyway come out to think
non-intuitive so I'm just gonna give you
guys a quick room tour and by the way
it's 4:30 I think 4:54 p.m. tops what we
didn't and I'm coming afterward after we
settle down tapas I think we're gonna go
shopping later hopefully ok so this is
our hotel room
so when you go inside oh okay so when
you go inside and they're intruding yeah
but anyway so that side anything on
convert Jews there I'm gonna be your
mayor in you guys help us here there are
two other bottles that's my bathtub
I don't need your bathtub guys this
guy's Gator by yourself but there are
mainland snowman so that's okay where's
the toilet some powers and then here
okay
you mother paint other side oh hey it's
a closet and then here there are two
beds for Miss Anne and for me that was
my little mom phone and the normal stuff
this here my TV and then we have food
yes apples and then here there mom
Phoebe's Ocean Park thank you so much oh
are you my mom Bella's wallet put it in
your wallet number yeah yeah I think so
thank you so much and then here is our
okay that is it for the hotel room do it
and y'all know what y'all got bugs luck
any less the airport just because I was
super sleepy a sense of light nothing
does nothing about what is on the way
here now on our antiemetic love Manila
Tahoe so productive lighting here is so
good though but anyway I haven't shown
you guys my protein gear so I'm just
trying this for though its crowd by the
way I dance from strata or bridge club I
just thought this was it go
but anyway I'm also wearing with this
necklace you could another cousin
handing because this is at this and I
don't really wear necklaces they're not
and I thought that matches my outfit so
I'm also wearing an earring from H&M and
then my ripped jeans are from H&M as
well and then my shoes are from Anita's
I'm just chillin by this view there's no
possible balance
got here a time
I'm not sure but we make an opponent
really
Oh
and to be loved and we're now walking
around Times Square little pictures a
thousand people it's like so far yeah
sadly there's no reporter here's the
lady Ottomans we're going to
drop those are only that good job let's
move on
CJ's noisy guru mom 100 but any reason
people may be more lazy market lady
market so guys it is Emily phenomena
phenomena so now we're looking for
another attack fear in abdominal
sneakers tree
the damage of the Mouseketeers well
obviously
we're kind of having a hard time but you
know race many phenomena finally oh my
gosh
Thank You melody does gonna know it's
not a hand up nominal milk fever there
but we're just thirsty so we need
tomatoes tropone atop or get amethyst
regards Tennessee mr. faceless
hey guys update is 11:50 p.m. and I know
major Laettner Harmon harm that thing so
that's because you know Telugu know I'm
in your free time
cuz tomorrow I think was a having
Machado pizza sweet P word la have a
Machado free time I think after go to
Ocean Park polka high on in our energy
demand with humming mom again to
shop but anyway you know mashaallah
topic vodka Nina buzzing uh I don't know
how said I've never even bitten bet you
bad sukar - about paper bags
boom any powder milk ear so it was kind
of a hassle the blog but anyway but
polite that was anonymity like oh okay
there so where should I start actually
because you know you wanna be a little
brother so let's start off with a minute
starts out and we have a biome climate
let's start off with Santa so again this
is like a Sephora so I wasn't really
planning on buying makeup I don't know
why I think it's because I have like way
too much makeup already we do bleep 11th
girl my makeup but not in factoring this
is absolute house over here but anyway
I'm be the new Colossus after I played
room I mean I wasn't really planning on
buying anything Celica I perfume but I
just realized now what I know about
perfume because it's with my Adam and
you know um NASA term nauseous oh she's
far away from me I am then you perfume
Nagaina ga'inja
so I decided to get my own and this is
the Marc Jacobs days you love perfume
and it o 50ml being a billion 250 ml and
you
Muskogee I think 15 and L I'm not
and actually when I walked in Sasha if
you know an apology that perfume and no
bomb Hannibal days I have the days you
are you yeah the way Bernie Kosar
Machado bed bug bug was PayPal and mass
mobile shop on the categories I think
it's sweet so I can't wait to it use
this now let's move on to at the house
and actually you know NASA speaker
Street come here I don't think that
still considered as sneaker Street
because it would have any more speakers
done I'm not sure what I'm speaking on
but anyway I'm not gonna meet them out
brilliant stores Korean mini store is
like the Nair shoreland are would have
but however you want to call it a post
Melanie Innisfree at my house body shop
so I so I just decided to go to a dude
house and buy leptin so this is we've
dear Darlington and shades vr4 0t it's
kind of like a brown I'm gonna go see
how high we go there's no one that I
have it's in the shade Rd 3:07 and
publisher sugar it's wearable as you
don't get don't shave canina
so I just decided to go for this one so
this is kind of a dark shade but I still
like it than me I also saw this this is
the deer my lips stock and butter shall
dip fire shop shear the lipstick or lip
gloss
there's Napa Mohamed Ito because
normally will atone case it's on casings
so separate for him by an amazing guys
so many mahesha and well I know Hanukkah
bar because the store was about to close
the screen up in Amazon
we know Bashir so no I had no choice but
anyway this is in the shade PK 0 0 6 and
this is how it looks like and maganda
shadows watch yourselves and you gotta
try this tomorrow the last thing that I
got is from them and he does or a
journalist and actually is the Athenaeum
accommodated for what you know we're
gonna share don't wanna that but us in
on you know how to come as a female size
or women's size fan over us in a me love
but what is no no no Scott Cohen I'm
male science so it is no wondering I'm
in size UK six bucks a male new style
guru and love me o Cyalume and setup so
I just decided to get the men's size so
this is how it looks like I use
continent those eighty so yeah in your
town Sonya and guys classic long sham it
has um blue and red stripes okay so that
is basically everything that I got so
now I'm just gonna get ready for bed
because tomorrow after you call time is
10:30 p.m. for your breakfast um opens
at 6:30 so yeah I'm just gonna get ready
for bed and guys can you see that I was
starting to break out again I don't know
why maybe it's because of stress or
maybe puia because lately I've been
staying up late because of homework or
if you do and lately I also have been
skipping my skin like my completes can
carry theme so I think that's why so
guys don't skip your skincare with you I
think I'm in a career in a ton of you
skinny go I don't know what happened
like math two days ago has an okapi
reimpose but anyway
much now Nicola become available content
Capri this vlog hopefully it is 90 but
Columbus Hall because I don't think I've
logged enough today
engage the power not because of the left
ear so good luck me tomorrow
I think that's I'm gonna toast but we're
gonna go to Ocean Park which is gonna be
pretty exciting because there are a lot
of riots or attractions so stay tuned
for that vlog now in the comp break room
and I'm just gonna change to my some bad
when I don't matter with it okay to be
or not to be affected is having a bit of
a personal just changed into my page
races
