hey that's right it's about a good
morning I just woke up this is my
morning face but anyway it is wait let
me check the time it is 8:25 a.m. and
regularly around 10 a.m. we're gonna go
to Manila so basically our plan now for
today it's we're gonna go to blur etto
tapas I'm gonna meet up with at the pub
or at the MLA um tonight just to pitch
it's a condom because we're gonna collab
the following day or tomorrow
so yeah I'm vlogging once again because
I know how much you guys love these
types of vlogs like you chillin oh yeah
I'm just gonna get ready now and I'll
see you guys later okay I'm now done
getting ready and it's friendly 10:14
a.m. and you're about to leave so let's
go okay guys so she asked bingo and I'm
hungry and angry I have been craving for
because the lighting is so bad you
Daniel
dad's watching that watching holiday I
was watching some politics again
copyright whoa
hey that's good not ending up in a high
no chief sorry be being Simba
my oxygen benefits
a lot of questions a lot cosine I want
to cut the bottom drawers for the
fucking dead before whack
okay I'm gonna guess if you're gonna be
like 700 quack so there are basically my
mom it was a Luna so I get my brows and
over lip wax once a month because if he
goes back
number live and make funny come to
dinner phones and we used their new
foundation your natural-looking it's so
nice oh it's open
oh it's so good oh wow some PR packages
okay so I'll be making a pure boxing
pong soon I just don't have the time to
film just yet so guys it is 7 p.m.
yes be pretty savvy Jayson Uppal so be
home alone yeah okay anyway I'm so ready
maybe later we'll be getting all milky
if ever OspA cuz i think really where go
go so our milk tea in general okay bye
anyway I haven't shown you guys my
outfit of the day I mean it's pretty
simple I'm destroying this dress I don't
know where it's from but yeah and for my
shoes I'm wearing my worn-out um comme
des Garcons and then for my earrings I
got them from hmm and I've been loving
earrings lately that I made my ear
crawlers but I saw this one he Nisha is
a crawler Bertram but something about
that neato as you guys can see it I just
know how it looks so guys the automated
tool agnia assets of my life I'm just
waiting for her causing a super traffic
potekhin in a traffic din Oh Papa
amadito Oh
now in the coastline normal news these
days open the mail people
nice meeting you guys
I'll give them the hotfix favorite guys
can evolve in a quick shave already so
I'm gonna get the truffle 1 as a limited
edition
so where he's got a thing on them
infinite someone door I'm just gonna get
ready for bed eating time check it is
10:31 good morning it is the next day
and even on up a blog after Nam in my
mouth cuz I quite wanna knock on me at
the pound
that was 3 a.m. as in first step in a
novel it was really annoying but anyway
man
it's a hanami saying love is actually 10
a.m. you confirm a myth pero fresca yet
so and the pisiform because Carly Google
ah ok it's not putting one on Google bar
gonna make up okay so I'll be trying
some new products today I mean like two
products my map starts
okay primer and a firm foundation I'll
be using the benefit hello happy
Software Foundation and I'm in the shade
number five high up on uh cuz he got put
on tonight seven a shade and number four
basically mistook matter what's
happening because I'm like can't afford
going on Japan
I mean must like that it's not what I
mean I've seen guys my fan lines up a
deep though but he supply uh but he's a
legs so I think this is the perfect
shape for me okay soku stuck with
alopecia
cuz they natural go in I don't really
own any foundation are minimal eye on
average mirroring guys how it looks like
on my face as you guys can see me my
redness officer noise current the
cardinality enough product you know
scoff I don't know why even concealer in
your new Galaga so loose but anyway
theaters about them for marks cone you
can use a base can still see the redness
like you know this is a natural-looking
foundation getting your finished yeah so
I'm just gonna cover all of my pimples
are like acne scars with stealer I'm
super excited to try this product this
is a new product from benefit so this is
their brow contour pro for anyone
contour pencil so guys from the
packaging but I'll punish all whooping
babe let's so I'm the shit that I got is
in brown and medium so it says here it
has a lighter brown shade deeper brown
shade edge definer shade and art
highlight your shades
oh wow butter sonication one thing guys
it looks like a bulb and that I used to
use before
I was little sober my brows I always
thought to go for a deep shade Nana I'm
putting out of black or there comes to
benefits shades I'm normally a shade
number five so I'm gonna start off with
a deeper shade inside out there part
number our school nothing on the
movement oh okay
so again I'm gonna check on anonymous
your product oh my gosh
there okay so I need a mirror so as you
guys just saw in something to school
yesterday and I fell out some growl so
it's much easier to do my brows cussing
on all shape national face so I'm just
gonna use the deeper shade this outer
part number ow
so I'm gonna go for the lighter shade
already and I'm gonna kiss the Sun set
up Ethan you publicize Japanese the
lighter shade for this part of my brow
if I fire up the Umbrian
I'm gonna clean the edges of my brows
with this definer finger suppose I'm
gonna use the highlighter and eyes libro
yes What's Up nigga but make up the -
about these put them in for video
you see that that is called metro line
America so toxic ability not dragging
any relevance I mean oh you know me tale
of a multi-phase well anyways supply
these anomalies
hey guys so oh wait I have married and
so on should I kick it off I cannot
speak from it okay so anyway of it is
currently 10:35 p.m. and it is truce day
it's August 28 editing the vlog now and
you know it's pickle Bella I forgot to
end the vlog so I'm just adding so I'm
just using the camera of my computer not
my camera just because the SD card is
inserted in my laptop so yeah okay so I
don't do much now but I'm just here to
end the vlog so I hope you guys liked it
if you did make sure to give it a big
thumbs up and make sure to subscribe to
be part of the hashtag Bell fam and to
get notified whenever I upload a new
video I'll see you guys in my next one
and don't forget you're that small
amazing bye
