hey that's right it's Bella for today's
video I will be showing you guys some
vlogging tips and tricks using the new
Huawei nova 3i and this video is perfect
for those who weren't able to catch me
and my workshop in Nova Academy so guys
watch how they have to know how you can
join and win a premium gift so without
further ado let's just get started the
Huawei nova 3i has 4 AI cameras 24 and 2
megapixels at the front and 16 and 2
megapixels at the back which can really
make the quality of your videos a lot
better to make your video more
interesting and entertaining use the air
lens which has the kimochi 3d objects
effects and backgrounds there are many
options to choose from and guys the cool
thing is you don't really have to
download an app for filters you already
have it on your phone there are also a
lot of backgrounds like this one from
parts the beach and a lot more if you
guys want to animate your facial
expressions and movements use the qg
feature hey guys welcome to my blog most
vloggers like to do time lapses in their
vlogs use the time lapse feature to
speed up some clips like the movement of
the sky cars etc the AL assistant
composition of its camera can boost up
the color quality of your subject it may
be the sky nature food stuff like that
aside from time lapse is you could also
use the super slow motion feature I
haven't seen a lot of vloggers do slow
motion shots so this is a great way to
add something to print in your blog and
lastly to enhance the color of your
clips add some filters in total there
are nine filters to choose from so guys
what are you waiting for enjoy now and
show off your Instagram worthy shots by
clicking on the link on the description
box and get a chance to win a premium
gift so yeah that is it for this video
like comment and subscribe and don't
forget your that's ball amazing bye
