three knots right it's Bella today it's
gonna be an exciting day for me because
I'll be shopping at national bookstores
and if you guys know me I love you
station areas or keep school supplies so
let's see what I'll be buying because I
always find something new in National
Bookstore so let's go you guys I already
see some cute school supplies so I went
straight to the Disney hub because
everything does need so cue so you can
never go wrong with these go suppliers
and also remember them get them awesome
of party items so here you have some
some in dumb journals and trivia it's
called Sun Sun because whenever they get
stacked up they make the sounds so yeah
so guys when you use this journal it's
even more fun to take down notes and
here there are also some deco tape sets
and then here you guys know that I love
ball pens I love collecting ball pens
now let's move on to this one from that
and a guy's mine are Doozer notepad
Bolton and here Meriden mouth pencil
faces and here Maremma folders Oh guys
I'm the middle quality senior and here
you have more pencil cases and then this
one this is like the box type of pencil
case and here there are some memo pads
and here oh my gosh guys there is a
diary I'm not even kidding when I was
I would diarrhea I know what to start my
and here there are also some scissors
and then there is also this activity
back and over here you'll see a lot of
books also like this one that's a puzzle
guys if you guys are planning to have
like a Disney themed uh party then just
go to a national book store and go to
the Disney hub you'll see a lot of
Disney themed party items like these so
this one is a mass so this is many
themed oh these are invitations paper
plates and there are also of course some
paper cups some tissue paper and guys
there are some banners and how about
this one who these are for loot bags and
then here you have some more school
supplies poppy raisers they also have
some puck pencils washi tape blue
scissors masking tape guys protractor I
have never seen a protractor this cute
and you have some more books comes with
100 usable stickers eyes look how cool
these novelty pens are earth takers full
while sticky notes and some wars taking
no it's cool guys we also have Alice and
wonderland memo pads and of course some
pencil cases roses
and over here minding winnie-the-pooh
and here you have some more novel
defends many notebooks and of course
washi Dave and right here there is this
one it's a Stamper also have some Ariel
themed masking tapes also jasmine of
course how could we forget about Donald
Duck so I get my remount memo pads
notebook okay
now that I'm done looking at every
product I think it's now time to choose
our products that are we buying getting
this
yeah I think it's now time to pay Thank
You follow guys I'm gonna clean my
freebie that's a customer service thank
you okay guys so I just got home and I
really want to show you guys my top five
favorite purchases from the Disney hub
so that if every guys are gonna go to
the Disney hub at National Bookstore you
guys can have an idea on what to buy oh
and by the way just to let you guys know
from August to September 10 national
bookstore has this Disney freebie with
purchase promo you guys can enjoy 50%
off from the participating products and
receive corresponding freebies with a
minimum purchase of 500 pencils so are
you single receipt purchase ranges from
500 pesos to 999 pesos you get one
freebie well if it's 1,000 pesos to 1499
pesos you get two freebies and finally
if it's 1500 pesos in the pub you'll get
3 so if you guys are interested you guys
can shop at these National Bookstore
branches to a bill Bell promo okay so
let's start off with this one so this is
a stationery pack so it comes with four
aces four pencils for mini notebooks and
four boxes of stickers so this is how it
looks like and it's this neat princess
themed and what I really like about this
is that it's perfect for on-the-go and
it's easy to put in your bag since guys
they're really sized here are the
notepads they're so cute
whoo let's take a look at the stickers
so the packaging and because Sevilla and
Cinderella
Oh also on the back Rapunzel and snow I
okay so each box it has 12 stickers so
cute
and here are the four erasers and lastly
in the stationery bag are these pencils
now let's move on to this one so this is
a Disney Princess stamp set and I'm
really excited to try
a Silmarils Bell Cinderella and Ariel
when I was in like preschool or grade
school like in you insist on to the
teacher cosa maha mariamman so I'm a kid
again yeah okay so um so tachypnea
Biodesign yeah but it not some is more
stamped you miss mu princess you now the
best okay so let me show you guys my
next favorite is this Disney some some
deco tape set so um it comes with 20
pieces and it has four designs my next
favorite is this one and I really found
this interesting when I saw it so that's
why I got it and it's one of my
favorites so this is the Disney Princess
Beauty and the Beast busy book and guys
this is why it's interesting because it
includes a storybook 12 figurines and a
play mat which is so cool because most
books don't really have like this
concept there is the storybook and then
here it has a play mat and 12 figurines
I really love how does the books are
entertaining and interactive at the same
time so the last Disney book that I got
is this one so this is the Mickey and
the Roadster racers so this one includes
a story book to read and fun activities
to complete and four sheets of reusable
stickers guys there are a lot of
stickers
whoa if I betcha whoo okay that's why it
comes with stickers because you have to
complete like you have to take the
stickers right here and you just have to
stick it there you go so I got all the
items for 50% off and I got to preemies
you guys little Knight receipt was more
than 999 pesos so I got all of the items
for 15% off and guys I got 2 freebies
because my receipt was more than 999
pesos so I got to PB so these are the
Mickey Mouse and Disney Princess pop
erasers actually there are a lot of good
and functional Disney finds that are
worth your pennies so I encourage you
guys to shop at the Disney hub at
National Bookstore so yeah that is it
for my cupcake disney picks and of
course I want us to be twinning
so I'll be having a giveaway there will
be one winner and the winner will be
winning my top 5 Disney things so here
are the mechanics to win this giveaway
subscribe to my channel that's Bella
follow me on Instagram Twitter and like
my Facebook page all the links will be
down below and of course don't forget to
follow National Bookstore as well on
Instagram then you have to share this
video on Facebook and you have to repost
this picture on Instagram with this
hashtag and of course don't forget to
tag me on your post and comment down
below what you love about this me and
your Facebook name and Instagram
username this giveaway will end on this
date and the winners will be announced
on my IG story that is it for this video
if you guys liked it make sure to give
it a big thumbs up and make sure to
subscribe to be part of the hashtag Bell
fam and together to fight whenever I put
a new video I'll see you in my next one
and don't forget your that's ball
amazing
