hey that's right it's Bella so for
today's video I'll be talking about the
bicycles medic slip and chickens and I'm
super excited for this video just
because I am a huge fan of Lipton's like
I cannot live without the fence because
almost every day I put lifts and on just
because I don't want to look pale and I
know no matter late now is by going on
that unit off but when Vice Cosmetic
sent me this I was like you know what
better late than never
because I really wanted to test these
different chickens myself so that is
what I'm gonna be doing today but if
you're new to my channel hi my name is
Bella
I am a 16 year old fulfil a youtuber
makes really and lifestyle videos so
make sure to subscribe to be part of the
hashtag Bella that's what we call our
beautiful family so yeah without further
ado let's just get started
okay so right now I don't really have
any lip products on only lip balm just
because I really have to moisturize my
lips before I try out these lip tints
and you guys know me my lips are always
chapped so before you try out or like
we're ending their products make sure to
put on lip balm and I also didn't put
blush because these can also be um cheek
tint so let's see how these will work ok
so overall there are eight shades and
let's watch each shade okay so let's
start off with this one this is in the
shade Swan guys ASMR wave and like the
packaging there are guys can see the
packaging partial gradient in the final
ombre it says your water gel lip and
cheek tint this was good it smells like
candy ass traps watch this on my hand
first
I like this one I like using um like
pinkish shades when it comes to the
dance cut out with maja shall my lips
but better shades cause if I'm gonna go
around highlight on my lip tint aha
I think I'm gonna like this one I think
I want this on my cheeks but let's try
to blend it first
oh wow it's super blendable okay so I
didn't really blend it that fast
but magic to you launch a neato but it's
actually a blend of oh wait let's check
here it says that with its water gel
formula it's lightweight lendable and
buildable you can even mix and match
from the eight vibrant shades I didn't
know that you could do that but anyway
um that's Szechuan okay so wait um what
I'm gonna do is I'm just gonna swatch
every shade I'm not gonna blend it
anymore and I'm just gonna blend it
later on but then are you gonna says
cheeks and so lips this next one is in
the shade sister is this like more on
the orange side yeah this one is in the
shade cause yeah it's a red one
I think Ottawa like this because she
likes um red lip dense more this one is
at the shade Beth she there she takes
and I think this is more orange than the
one i swatched a while ago I haven't
really tried wearing orange shades none
lip tints so I can't wait to try this
out later
oh this is a violet one eye I also
haven't tried on violent shades this is
in the shade ethnic
then I'm gonna like that this shade is a
war on the deeper side okay we have
three shades left so this one is in
shade kion be I'm creating them uh shade
means oh I think this is a mix of an
orange and red
this one is in shade papper gin pub
region I hope I'm pronouncing but right
come on open so hard or burn area so
finally whoa that's so dark
Marshall cranberry I also like that one
and the last shade is another purple one
or violet and this one is G McGee wow
that's super violent okay guys I already
swatched all of the shades and now I'm
just gonna pick what Cead I'm gonna use
I think I'm gonna use jaws for my lips
and then this one for my cheeks okay so
let's start with Vanessa cheeks and I
didn't um put powder yet when you get up
and hug blend if I already set my cheeks
with powder so let's just do that after
you put on the cheek tint okay so using
sass one
okay so Hollywood I'll add a cone just
in case because I don't really know how
pigmented
this is but then again when his cheeks
so I'm just gonna dot like okay so I
think I'm just gonna dot like three dots
and let's see how pigmented this is cuz
you might um
cheek tint or Lipton me like a
walkie-talkie blend obviously but super
pigmented nemetes my papa soft brush so
just to be safe I'm gonna dot three dots
three dots
anyway see that's better nothing for oh
wow I'm just gonna dock more
unlike that guys I'm gonna do I mean you
know how overwhelm your pigmentation
yeah I sense buildable talaga
I think I found my new favorite lip and
cheek tint now let's try to put on the
other cheek guys can you see that I'm
sure like I didn't expect that it would
be this nice okay so the vegan apple
bobbing for now
sounds like I really love how it looks
on my cheeks just looks natural unlike
other lip tints not super boom anime on
your final super jalapeno man gunky thin
but I thought it's like you're flushing
your bushing okay but anyway now let's
move on to the lips I'm just gonna
remove my lip balm okay there oh and by
the way comment down below if you prefer
water tense over velvet ends because
before I prefer um velvet but I'm Delino
Matanga under the young fowl acid lips
the spokes of water did not mind it
stays so inside my lips more so you just
have retouch its outer part of your lips
but I don't know that's just me comment
down below okay so for my lips I'll be
using the shade cause and hopefully this
works with my lips because my lips are
dry even though I put on lip balm I know
that's weird
okay so I think I'm just gonna play a
little bit but normally I just dotted on
my lips but it really depends is a
pigmentation or lip tint so for this I'm
just gonna swipe it cuz I think it just
saw a while ago it's not like super
super pigmented
okay so when you put it on your lips my
jaw my Mattituck money come by I'm
better that case but it's okay it
doesn't really bother me guys it looks
so nice on my lips I really like that
wait let me try this one on my lip as
well
oh my gosh I mean what's a that small
video if I don't drop things right
okay so let's try to this and yeah if
you try to remove the lip tint my ain't
a lagana matira so lips but that's okay
for me because most of the time I'm pale
so that's why almost every day on
acknowledging a lip tint
cuz you know I don't want to look pale
okay so let's try this one
ooh that's super pink okay so this is
how I swung looks on my lips
oh my guys don't heat up that amongst
watch you know cuz this is kinda like a
shell so I don't really know if you knew
but allegheny fool idea okay so I'm just
gonna try it another shade which is
power PAP region because I haven't
really worn any lip shades like this so
let's try it out oh I also like this I
thought it was gonna be too dark for me
but it's okay I think I like this the
best I mean for my lips but for my
cheeks I really like the swamp shade so
yeah that is it for this video and I
really love Danny's lip and cheek this
like for its price is only 145 pesos
it's pretty affordable and worth it you
guys I promise it guys it also says here
that it's cruelty free paraben free and
vegan so that's a plus so you guys like
this video
think of it a big thumbs up and make
sure to subscribe to be part of the
hashtag belly fat and to get outside
whenever I upload a new video I'll see
you guys in my next one and don't forget
your last of all of these inside
