hey that's right it's Bella today's
video is going to be a bit interesting
because I haven't done this video before
and I've seen this challenge all over
YouTube so we decided to do it and I'm
with my brother Angelo
we're a little further with ok basically
for this challenge my brother and I will
be trying out different food
combinations that people actually love
and I don't really know what to expect
so I'm kind of nervous it's all like
that yeah well I guess he like no I like
Sunday let's come if you guys are new to
my channel hi my name is Bella I'm a 16
year old Filipina youtuber makes beauty
and lifestyle videos so make sure to
subscribe to be part of the hashtag
Bella back so without further ado let's
get started okay so let's start off with
it's not I don't feel como setup oh what
are the combination that we have because
i legit don't know what combination
Peapod
oh yeah they I just got home yeah they
just got home with a lot of food ok so
we will be starting off with ru and
orange juice actually gonna be my home
or you and milk so I'm kind of excited
to try this out so I just fell asleep a
while ago and and probably the guys from
another company coming you brush your
teeth and then you're going trick or
just like it tastes bad yeah okay so
No okay so now we have to dip it I'm
also super than Sabina myself known to
life again 1 2 3
taste like anything no because it's
probably because we didn't get the audio
I did find my book us ours maybe it
depends on the orange juice okay once
you get through the sourness it'll be a
real flavor
all right oh yeah so we have to read it
maybe you five they're going to five I'm
going to a seven or an eight I just like
I prefer milk
so the next food combination is Itza and
I hate you so much
yeah because this my favorite that's not
intuitive doctor you're supposed to be
cheesy so why don't you put some honey
what's wrong with me
performative politics ideas from the
honey though only threats with this beat
so we're not going to use this anymore
right oh good only not like five I would
never put honey on a pizza in my video
I'm actually excited for this no I'm not
it's awesome it's not about weird potato
chips plus hey basically we're just
gonna dip the potato chips santa Bella
and I know
one two three
I don't like it honestly why you're such
a hater no we see that I wasn't gonna
crave that minus 9/4
okay so the next food combination is
popcorn and that you actually print no
the package doesn't have that much
butter two minutes and thirty popcorn
and potential and if you guys know me I
don't like and if you guys know me I
like that so this one what sketch up sup
coordinate you on everything before no
but many more before Leon no not much
yeah like I don't I used too much to
catch up on fish before I used to put
kind of mine in every everything that
wasn't good but now I'm like alright the
one one center boo it's so nervous for
this one I don't like it they're like
french fries
Alberto I'm all the way I say no you'll
only don't know if you move it varied it
like one honestly even though I'm a fan
potential
I won't eat this every day six the next
one is oh then the last event soy sauce
which it's the one that I mostly
anticipated and the more the one I
mostly hate Cupid okay oh mama gonna
makes it no you don't mix it so this is
how it looks like most girls oh I smell
yeah some loss
at first I was gonna say it's it like
salted caramel goodbye the aftertaste no
it's the first days in the nowadays I
don't like it
why would you put sites on site when you
can just eat it alone
why I'm gonna use that later
oh come on it's a la Waco we gotta read
it I dated one okay never again stop
eating ice cream okay next food combo
what's her next book come by no no no
this enough wait no what are you doing
no nothing I know
okay so we're gonna put some I wanna yes
ladies ladies first yeah II know you
didn't take the milk taste test
what's up Amy but the thing is like
cheese peanut milk
I mean why zero next miracle combination
is milk corn flakes and okay we're gonna
do it right this time okay cereal first
no you're right
I don't like your mom just lazy yeah
it's not real cheese
I do doesn't make a difference it's just
like normal cereal but I would never put
cheese I mean I do love cheese okay so
the salt and pepper is pepper
oh my gosh that's too much that's not Oh
I was already dislike this case the next
one is gonna be pretty interesting
because nachos Plus marshmallow and then
the nachos on will nail lacquer in I
mean this is I organ like this so quick
one
then we're gonna take our cheese dip
okay
that doesn't look yummy it's gonna
microwave this tell me one power
tell me Barney
actually looks appetizing it doesn't it
does this looks like them up there's a
plate no no no no effect up it's time
cheese it's nacho cheese you so our next
food combination is cookies one of my
national cheese that is it for this
challenge I hope you liked it if you did
make sure to give it a big thumbs up so
if you guys have any suggestions on our
challenges just leave a comment down
below hit that little bell if you want
to get notified whenever my sister post
a new video and make sure of course the
SUBSCRIBE be part of the hash tag I'll
see you guys in my next video and don't
forget that smell amazing bye
