hey that's right it's Bella today's
video is going to be another tight tight
clothing haul since you guys really
loved my first every time I clothing
haul so if you guys haven't checked that
video out the link will be down below
before I show you guys the clothes that
I got I'll be sharing with you guys
first and add that I have been loving
like if you guys have been following me
on my Instagram and if you guys have
seen my idea stories then you guys would
know what this app is okay so the app is
called Skillshare and this is basically
an online learning community with
thousands of classes in business design
technology photography and a lot more so
this is the first class that I really
liked it's about you summer photography
for bloggers and it really taught me how
you can be more creative when it comes
to taking pictures by using different
supplies exploring the camera settings
and a lot more and the second class that
I liked is about vlogging and it gave me
some more tips on how I can step up my
youtube game and in still share you guys
could also get a premium membership so
that you guys can get unlimited access
to high-quality classes from experts on
a specific field so let's say
Photography so that you can improve your
skills unlock new opportunities and most
importantly do what you love there are
also some highlights from one or more
classes partner found valuable and that
will be a good fit for their audience
and vigo a skill share is more
affordable than most learning platforms
out there you only have to pay for less
than $10 a month so if you guys are
interested you guys can have two three
months of slow chair I'll be putting the
link down below okay but anyway now
let's move on to the tie-dye clothing
haul
so yesterday my mom and I went to Ty's
die and yeah it was a Thursday and we
actually got there kind of early mile
city p.m. I think and calamus and I'm
about 5 p.m. by moving back in but when
we got there it was already open because
the last time I went there no first time
car we went there around 5 p.m. because
you have a gospel on moonbug beat and
that was the time when I was with a
Bellaire squad so before we went to
bumpy we um killed I'm sup and art
museum so yesterday not kill time
Rock'em isn't some SM Megamall today is
July 5 and it is currently 8:31 a.m. and
I'm so sorry for my face I just woke up
anyway I decided to vlog today because I
have some errands and then after that
we're gonna go to that day to go
shopping super excited for your bag so
really we're at another level
garlic mama
this is my favorite garlic butter I
guess waiting for mom to stop buying
something so all alone
and then my mom and I decided to be
really so Megamall just because Kalyn
I'm in traffic so like it will take us
two hours my mom point us at I die and
once coming back yourself
but thankfully it only took us an hour
so we got there early
hey guys so not even a mr. buxley
imagine upon where they're just setting
up Yuba
okay I will stop rambling and now let's
move on to the codes that I got so I
have one two three four five plastic
bags let's start off with this one so
this is the first thing that I got and
it's a jumpsuit and I haven't really
purchased any jumpsuit from bug beetle
um like no first time come with us about
people up shoulders shorts shirts also
like my sleeveless tops on baby be like
oh but yesterday my mom saw this and I
was like yep
getting it but it also came with this
shirt by the way it's a white shirt
playing long shot but I don't think I'll
be able to wear this just because I
don't buy anything tell Anya
so maybe I'll just wear a different
white shirt with this one
and by the way free sides long shot so
if you fit Cooper shamash is that like a
sock in it so I got this pair for 380
pencils only I know such a great deal
and of course when you go to back you
have to get off shoulder tops you know
you guys I'm gonna get about off
shoulder tops done like it guys have
watched my first TyTy clothing haul I am
I was so obsessed with my off so very
own you margarine natural yogurt
datalogger so I decided to get more of
shoulder toss so this one is the mustard
yellow matchy-matchy and got a long shot
guys it's just a simple off cholita I
got one in mustard yellow balloon but it
kind of looks like red on camera but I
swear guys rodentia also this like muted
purple color it looks like more vibrant
on camera but thanks very guys it's me
the purple okay oh no it's raining so
I'm sorry if you guys can hear
noise and I also got one in dark gray
and guys guess what 50 pesos long is a
grab like my prices in acerbic oh by the
way I put a whole sale and the next
thing that I got is this one actually is
allow yoculan and abednego so this is a
dark gray top and it has little slimy on
the neck light also the sleeves also
somewhat home guys I actually got two
more ago there is no plastic bag that's
why I thought I only got one so I got
one in black and in red and I got this
for 70 pesos wear a bikini will sail 90
passes sha this stop really reminds me
of Zara like wake up and get the wig but
guys this is the one from Zara and then
I got some body suits and if you guys
know me I always like talking in my
shirts I mean I think well ow oh they
didn't get knocked up in your shirt or
not SIA shirt I don't know that's just
my style so I got three bodysuit so good
they might ruin you guys it's sleeveless
in the washroom I know
Mahajan swimwear but guys is a body
smooth and low Barcia guy is I got one
in black cream and Hasselbaink of course
these are for 80 pesos
Tiamo is a stops Natalie because the
rest are short
like if you guys haven't noticed I
really love Gregor these so I got some
really good guys super got none of this
idea actually para la synonym design but
different color so this one is my rose
this melon champagne my name's the
neckline also systems and then the
phenomen I start with a search on yellow
was yellow mustard mustard yellow
lighting select might also see you and I
hope these fit me because like they look
so small and guys precise Laksha so I
hope this fits me and I got this for 85
pesos now let's move on to the perks
that I got and I got a lot of shorts not
only for me but also for my mom angela
and also my sister of course okay so
these are boxer shorts and Finnigan
behind eventhough all these are actually
over your knees Oh
guys what's from gap there and I got
three for one hundred pesos and these
are from my mom by the way and then I
also got some sweat shorts for my
brother for it so I got one two three
switch works for my brother I got one in
light blue we afford is a con but yeah
it's light blue and then I got one in
army green and green and I got these for
80 pesos and then I got some denim
shorts I got one in black blue and light
blue guys friendship um bhai actually
for president on open honest again my
garden dementia and we are down to the
last base paper bags plastic bag the
guys do Tommy Tommy Tommy women age I'm
feeling of their shorts and you know
last time coming forward some bugs me I
also got shorts from
same seller I think I got dan short's
and these are actually belt in shorts
because guys I'm not even getting super
confidant shirts not though that's why I
got a lot I got these for fifty pesos
each so let's go through every call area
of course I got one in mustard yellow
Maki Maki again black and I actually
already have black but you know you can
never have too much black clothing great
another great one but this time lucky
lightning sneer also the red one dark
blue navy blue white pink and this cream
color so yeah that is everything that I
got from thigh thigh I hope you guys
liked it if you did make sure to give it
a big thumbs up and make sure to
subscribe to be part of the hashtag
bellossom and together 35 whenever I
upload a new video I'll see you guys in
my next one and don't forget your that's
all amazing bye
you
