hey that's right it's Bella part today's
video i will be swatching some lipsticks
plus again and i'm super pumped for this
one because we believe just came out
with 10 new nude shades i actually loved
the first collection and result is out
the shade extension is really exciting
as new lipstick shades are perfect for
every day and also perfect for Filipina
skin tones okay it says here that a
super stay matte pink of new collection
is long-lasting so it will last for 16
hours it is crazy and it is non dry and
it has one swipe intense pigmentation so
i will be swatching all 10 shades for
you guys so without further ado let's
just get started
announced watching all 10 shades and now
it is time to put this lipstick to the
test so I am wearing this shade it is in
shade seductress so this is one of my
favorite shades and I will be wearing
this throughout the day and I do have
some errands today well after this video
and also gonna film another one and then
of course gonna eat so let's check and
this is also gonna last even though my
in the hall okay guys update it is 12:30
p.m. and I just ate lunch so for lunch I
ate pork chop suit and then ice cream of
course gonna get some sugar in my system
but um anyway this is how the lipstick
looks like right now and by the way I
already brushed my teeth after I ate so
imagine navasana should be those in
there part of my lip that's because
oiling I open eyes cause it's my crush
piranha teeth but guys it still looks
nice so I don't really need to apply
more lipstick or like to retouch so I'm
just gonna film another video and it's
gonna take me like two more hours to
film so yeah I will obvious you guys
after I fell hey guys I am back and it
is currently 2 p.m. and I just finished
filming and let's look at the lipstick
it's still like that guys so I've been
writing this lipstick for 5 hours
already and I will just update you guys
later
since I'm just gonna rest now because
I'm pretty tired ok guys it is currently
8 p.m. and I think it's time to call it
a day I'm super tired I did a lot of
errands I edited a lot of videos and of
course I also ate some snacks while
editing quite surprised like and I'll
finally be suctioned Ipoh so inner parts
me I know this but that's basically it
I'm so sure I mean for 299 pesos this is
really where is it that is it for this
video
make sure to give it a big thumbs up and
make sure to subscribe to be part of the
hashtag Bella fat and the identified
whenever I upload a new video and by the
way you guys could get this look and
your favorite memory products and the
Philippines one-stop shopping
destination
lisanna comm dot pH and also don't
forget to follow me on my social media
accounts Facebook Twitter Instagram all
the links will be down below and of
course follow me beautiful pins as well
on Facebook the links will be down below
as well I'll see you guys in my next
video and don't forget your that's all
amazing like
