the night
they live with no distraction hey that's
right it's Bella I think most of you
guys know this that I haven't done this
kind of video firstly longest time I
think my last DIY video was way back in
2016 so much of what I got that I mean
not men joke but I got that I got it so
I'm back at it with another DIY video
for you guys and since it's the back of
school season I decided to do this video
I think most of you guys are already
going back to school but for me I go
back school in August so I'll be showing
you guys for DIY is that you can do for
back in school but anyway if you need
the right channel hi my name is Bella
I'm a 16 year old Lupita youtuber who
makes beauty and lifestyle videos so
make sure to subscribe to be part of the
hashtag Bella back that's what we call a
beautiful family and of course don't
forget to click the button right beside
the subscribe button so that we get
notified whenever I upload a new video
okay I'm talking too much now because
I'm sorry by the way for my voice
because I am kind of sick so these are
me okay but anyway let's just get
started with the video
for this first DIY you'll be eating a
frame design paper or wrapping paper
ruler and a cutting the first thing that
you should do is to pop out the back of
the frame and then just set that aside
then get your wrapping paper or design
people are also the back of your picture
frame and then you have to place it on
the wrapping paper so that you can get
the perfect size by cutting it with a
cutter or a scissor usually depends on
you then all you have to do is place it
on the picture frame and then secure it
and you're good to go so you can use
this erase bird for your to-do list or
you can also write down your schedule
but if you're not a fan of ovaries Birds
I have the second option for you so I
got this cardboard from national
bookstore I mean everything that I used
in this video you guys could get all the
materials from national bookstore so um
anyway you guys know the drill just get
the back of the picture frame and then
place it on the cork board and then cut
it and that's basically it
you can also put your to-do list but if
you want you could also use this as an
inspiration board so you can pin
anything that will inspire you or
motivate you to do better in school
for this next DIY which is probably my
favorite oh you'll be needing a plain
pencil case foam brushes mixing palette
and water color get your mixing palette
and then fill it with water and then I
put here my watercolors so I chose the
colors red and blue but you can choose
any color that you want then get your
foam brush and then dip it into the
water and the watercolor and start doing
this kind of like ombre thing on the
pencil case I'm not really good at
explaining but you guys can just watch
the video you guys could totally do this
to the whole pencil case but I just did
it at the center after that just let it
dry and it won't take too long it will
take around like five minutes maybe and
then after that just take your sharpie
and then write your name or whatever you
wanna write it can be your favorite coat
but for me I just wrote my name which is
Aurra
I chose IRA over Bella because it's
easier to write it in calligraphy and
yeah that's basically it you can use
this as a pencil case pouch or a TK kit
for this last DIY you'll be needing a
notebook cardstock paper cutter ruler
and glue stick get your cardstock paper
and then fold it in half then get your
notebook and then you have to cut the
cardstock paper according to the size of
your notebook so just measure it
now that's done I'm gonna get the excess
paper so I have this one and I already
measured it to the sides of the
cardstock paper that I just cut and then
I'm just gonna cut the excess paper into
half and then I'm gonna fold both of
them twice so this is how it should look
like and now it's time to assemble
everything so get the two flaps and then
glue it to the sides of the cardstock
paper and now you can finally glue it to
your notebook so this is gonna serve as
a notebook pocket so here you can put
your index cards or like important
papers and yeah that is it for this last
DIY that is it for this video if you
guys liked it make sure to give it a big
thumbs up and make sure to subscribe to
be part of the hashtag battle fam and to
get them fight whenever I upload a new
video also make sure to follow me on my
social media accounts Facebook Twitter
Instagram all the links will be down
below I'll see you guys in my next video
and don't forget your that's all amazing
