but anyway our plan for today it's just
a go shopping is moving it was not money
are not seen them come on everything um
huge shock people
big mouth clothing stores
so they get someone's yet right now
laughter
I wonder what side smoked trout they
were seen in the back
I'm loving that
River Falls low machine
and my orders
but anyway now we are on our way to the
modern toilet restaurant and we're going
to have deserts there and it's kind of
interesting because it leads I'll show
you guys let me go meet them at lunch at
the bottom you gonna walk not you guys
we'll see you later on about it so we're
just gonna have dessert there if I
receive
their last day you have no fear
but you know what I wanted somewhere
because it is
look at this thing people have insane
find it fun and another Superamerica say
you're eating tapas my gentle it's a
table oh my god
chaps the reason why we didn't order
like any mean words so say bone
restaurant they're not gonna kill my
intern again so we just ordered
chocolate ice cream and I think rice bin
I don't know what mom are you doing so
when I sit on vanilla ice cream so I got
chocolate ice cream good luck and then
one got t pacifica I know the mug
my origin and I've here into a street
where and ethos and my modern toilet
modern toilet restaurants and all
commands I guess they'll appear
supernatural and middle finger book
dropping in them and
like granite
nobody knows in animals like no first
day and I mean miss Ava yeah I know
first thing I'm an ally phenomena
phenomena phenomena
they actually just wrote us I just left
like a pyramid
mr. Romero is he tied up in this napping
people have input
okay we're now in this shop and I saw
this like jacket and scholar thing and
planning to get it
it's like 380 dollars
Maranatha Hanina done to 50% a store but
I like this better
so I'm gonna get that so you know movie
pretty cool from this story really then
but the downside is you can fit the
clothes the school precisely so so yeah
basically like every stars of you when
you run forever as my volatility in
vanilla monkey no interference and for
exactly 30 dollars
in Missoula Mohammad Suleman worth
dinner
hey guys June I'm teen well actually
unka had a thing on them in NOLA June 16
so that was um Saturday and as you guys
can tell better right Cleo blog natal so
I decided to incorporate my Taiwan haul
in this blog and since I really have
time to sit down and then do my Taiwan
haul
okay so now this'll have to multinomial
eco and they're not really like a lot
since the tie one mile then like I
didn't even expect nama handling but
maja like uhmm but I saw top
unconvenient ops talking on Briscoe 1700
pear sauce and like Omaha so become a
magellanic shopping so I'm gonna start
off muna this is skincare in a banana Co
actually solution so this is the witch
hazel aloe vera formula alcohol-free
toner and Maginot Buddha neshama say
Phoenix on your mommy parenchyma cell
simulator but anyways that's actually
not recommended though so we decided to
get it and it smells like roses Persia
unknown rosewater young some Mario
Badescu I actually have that under just
prayed thus a tournament owner and it
really moisturizes my taste like you do
ha actually grab it neatly super join
again to make my mom white patches shot
and you guys know that it doesn't look
good oh my god I forgot to sign a mixed
opinion a mr. Parrish ah I know
perishable all the beyond Andrea or like
but some Beauty story going on okay now
let's move on to champion and I'm Celine
Dion for me Nemeth Asiata patties and
juniper say I was eyeing for like a
sweater or a jacket para la Dino
monogamish on don mcketa maganda put off
your oversized jackets and sweaters you
land on which I like Ashley pero I like
a better pug Sam belonging pizza and so
my brother and my sister got sushi
I'm including these in my Hall just
because share Shanna didn't come in
Oh even though it's oversized it's okay
cuz my championship didn't come in you
out there and it's oversized so Tila
Tequila nom nom in patna pants or shorts
so this is how the shirt looks like that
basically how the other one looks like
looks like looks like as well Pharaoh
under shell white wait there you go it's
white this time so we only got two items
so champion and that's a champion on
madam eating mouth caps also backpacks
okay the next two things that I got are
these skirts actually um my ass I saw
these when we were buying milky I think
onion third day Naaman yeah it was our
third day so we were buying um 50 land
LP that was smuggling monsters at the
bethubb a us in damming stars and ahaha
don't uh clothing stores actually no
time my own well Aviva shot the woman
behind the sternum aura
I mean guy technically and um helper and
no clothes
so um we kind of lost hope so bug
shopping us in super pale Harrison have
my appeal against the 51 yaki we decided
to make more line up consumer key Thomas
Meccano come in on stores near there so
we found these skirts and it also my on
you I know my love you bought ones you
see that yeah so again I'll show for her
but that was sunshine character actually
that but I'm no precise that was most of
the stores they're becoming fit as in
minikin and up sunshine when I ran home
Cassius I oh but anyway I got one in
yellow and white so didn't we made you
mad I mean billionaire which is from
gusta I think that's how you pronounce
it okay I'm surely three items now in
Abilene oh man this is the first one
that I got it's a jacket and it's fast
okay and I don't really own anything
like this just yet so I can't wait to
wear this my mom wasn't sure
that was measure distressed chasm bottom
okay next is this one so this is an ox
older top it doesn't look nice on camera
by coconut just my parallel to say you
have to tie it so this is how the
sleeves look like ton of hot shutters
oven because it looks kind of big but
I'm just gonna tuck it in in case menu
muhabba
okay it's a name last Nanoha quote from
is that story
so it's this jumpsuit wait there you go
and it's so cute I must leave let's jam
and then that's how it looks like so
hurry up
guns on it go and like that and I really
like the color will again some color
another myth except for one I think
t-shirt you on so I hope you guys like
my travel blog if you did make sure to
give it a big thumbs up and make sure to
subscribe to be part of the hashtags all
of them and if you get notified whenever
I upload a new video I'll see you in my
next one and don't forget your last ball
amazing bye
