hey that's right it's Bella today's
video is going to be a highly requested
one which is my makeup collection and if
you guys did not know I started writing
makeup two years ago so 2016 foil so it
kind of took me a while to gather or to
collect makeup so that I can do this
video for you guys but anyway if you're
new here hi my name is Bella I'm a 16
year old Filipino youtuber who makes
beauty and lifestyle videos so make sure
to subscribe to be part of the hashtag
Bella fam that's what we call our
beautiful family and to get notified
whenever I upload a new video make sure
to click the button right beside the
subscribe button
okay so before we get started I just
want to say a disclaimer so I'm not
trying to brag in any way shape or form
this video is just one of the videos not
lagging on request so of course I want
to create content that you guys really
want to see so yeah just to put it out
there and guys by the way make sure to
stay till the end of the video if you
wanna join the giveaway so without
further ado let's just get started okay
so let's start off with my makeup
acrylic organizer so this is where I
store all of my go-to makeup also my
eyeshadow palettes this first one is
from Sigma so this is their warm
neutrals palette and it kind of has the
same shades as my chocolate bar palette
which I'll show later on next is this
color pop yes please palette and the
shades of this palette is more on the
warmer side which I really like and then
if they open up a favorite go which is
the Anastasia Beverly Hills Modern
Renaissance palette next is this Too
Faced chocolate bar palette and it's
autumn phenomenal palette in the Camaro
knockoff and it smells really good
smells like chocolates my favorite and
lastly is this Urban Decay Naked 2
palette now let us move on to my go-to
lipstick so I have some from 3ce e
Maybelline Estee Lauder and Urban Decay
then I also have here my go-to face
makeup also brow products so I have my
Maybelline fit me foundation tired shape
tip concealer professional primer and
benefit Cabrillo cream gel then I have
to go to mascaras which are from
Maybelline and brow house and then I
also have my benefit eyebrow pencil and
Bravo conditioning private now it is
time for my makeup brushes and most of
my brushes are from zoeva AOA and Real
Techniques and this is where I start my
makeup setting spray is from urban decay
and Milani okay so let's start off with
this drawer and in this drawer you'll
see all of my base makeup so these open
a la la guerre ma primer foundation
concealer BB Creams and powder I won't
really talk about each product but most
of my base makeup are from Maybelline
and benefit
that is it for my base makeup now let's
move on to this drawer and in this
drawer I keep off my cheek makeup and
also some eyeshadow yep
I know so that I have like two cheek
products na visage so please don't mind
that if you guys are wondering up in our
favorite comb blush is the one from
chart in the shade party and guys I just
realized that bronzer or contour but I
hope in a haunting manner and a fall but
I also have a few highlighters but I'm
peeing on my dammit I blush I don't know
why now let's move on to the cream of
liquid and stick cheek products so I
have some from benefit Maybelline and
Smashbox I also have a few cheek /
eyeshadow palettes so this one is from
sleek makeup happy skin Maybelline
sleep makeup and pop beauty next up is
my eye makeup drawer so here I keep all
of my mascaras eyelash curlers eyeliners
eyebrow pencils also some false lashes
okay so most of my mascaras are from
Maybelline as you guys can tell but I
also have some mascaras from benefit
salad egg and NYX and then most of my
brow products are from benefit of course
and then this is my one and only
eyeshadow primer which is from urban
decay next I have some eyeliners from
k-palette maybelline pop Beauty and
Sigma but the one from Sigma is a gel
eyeliner and then I also have an eyelash
glue from benefit and some false lashes
from red cherry and the ones that I got
from Divisoria
we're finally down to the last drawer
and I don't think I can go through every
single lipstick just because I have a
lot of lip products but I have some
lipsticks from Maybelline Mac Vice
cosmetics BLK makeup forever do your
color pop happy skin color red sleep
makeup benefit and then I also have a
few lip tints and I also have this lip
palette from pixie so yeah that is it
for my makeup collection now it's time
for the giveaway ok the winner is gonna
get a lot of makeup so here are the
prizes this photo blur BB cream from the
face shop this Maybelline fit me matte
and poreless liquid foundation
maybelline dream satin skin - a cake
powder daletech 24-hour photo ready
matte primer this April skin for the
steak so this is a bronzer benefit
they're real mascara this VLK brow
sculpting pencil duo
this VLK long lasting liquid eyeliner
and then the winner is gonna get 5 lip
products so let's start off with this
one so this is from pop Beauty does
their matte lipstick in the shade set in
rose this Maybelline powder matte
lipstick in shade toasted brown this
Maybelline Color sensational lip liner
and the shade palest pink this matte me
liquid lipstick from sleep makeup in the
shade
he's a nut crush and lastly this April
skin lip tint in the shade scarlet so
here are the rules entering this
giveaway subscribe to my channel that's
Bella follow me on Instagram Twitter and
like my Facebook page all the links will
be down below then you have to share
this video on Facebook and then you have
to comment on below what you love about
makeup plus your Instagram and Facebook
names this giveaway will end on this
date and the winners will be announced
on my Instagram that is it for this
video if you guys liked it make sure to
give it a big thumbs up and make sure to
subscribe to be part of the hashtag
Bella fam and to get notified whenever I
upload a new video I'll see you guys in
my next one and don't forget your that's
ball amazing bye
you
