hey that's right it's Bella so today's
video is going to be a highly requested
one which is my back to school haul
actually kaupapa Shawn : but I decided
to go early back-to-school shopping so
every back-to-school season I like to
shop at national bookstore because
everything you need for school is right
there plus my start experience at
national bookstore is very good since
everything is organized so you would be
able to easily find what you're looking
for and also the customer service is
your trusted partner for back-to-school
so whenever you need help with something
you could always approach them and if
you guys still did not know national
bookstore has a lot of branches to be
specific 230 branches nationwide but you
can also shop online at
www.mathantics.com or calls their
delivery hotline eight eight eight eight
and BS or sixteen seven but anyway if
you're new to my channel hi my name is
Bella I'm a 16 year old Filipino
youtuber who makes beauty and lifestyle
videos so make sure to subscribe to be
part of the hashtag Bella found that's
what we call our beautiful family and if
you want to get notified whenever I
upload a new video don't forget to click
the bump button right beside the
subscribe button
okay so without further ado let's just
get started
so as I said a while ago comma should go
down so I didn't really know what to get
from back to school plus I'm incoming
grade 11 are senior high school so I had
no idea on what to get but I tried
asking my sister since you know she's
incoming college so I don't know you
wanna get I got me now senior high
schools do that so yeah just weird out
there and guys what happened in 70 list
of requirements dumbest so I just got
the basic school supplies that every
student needs so let's start off with
this favorite bag and actually it's an
oil paper bag under its eye for the
giveaway so stay until the end for that
so let's start off with the buying
so I got three and you guys might be
wondering well why did you get three the
other two are for my siblings so this is
for Thalia this is for Angela and then
this is for me I was actually just
planning to get like a small notebook
for senior high school because that's
what I did for you then but somebody had
to get on the binder so this is how it
looks like inside so we love Taylor slam
and then I got another notebook so this
is like that'll be my extra notebook in
case Maputo yo binder core so this is
from Strad more I know it
Fergie told my mother now assume that
now so it says wish I could like I wish
I could have a twin I wish I could make
someone happy today I wish I could meet
my favorite bands or artists and check
it so yeah my mother by this densha
better organized even though it's mom
another notebook that I got is this one
so this is for math my favorite subject
not so this is from Corona and this is a
graphing notebook so yeah it's kind of
weird though because I hate math but I'm
taking up a BM or accounting of business
and management so the next two things
that I got are pad paper so this is a
yellow pad from cut Lea and somebody had
the lucky though 2 kilogram it's a
senior high but I got an intermediate
pad anyway it's also from Canadia just
in case now pylons in it though so I got
these next I got index cards and some
within the other Nehalem comes to senior
high school so that's why I got it I'm
not quite sure what it's for maybe it's
per like Yvonne Donella get on one by
one picture or maybe like Pokemon
recitation or presentations well cue
cards good
so this is from Best Buy and it contains
25 pieces okay so this next one I'm not
quite sure if I'm gonna use this for
school may leave for like a room decor
but it first
but I got this I got this not bad it is
super cute because it says never give up
great things take time which is so true
so yeah this is how it looks like and I
actually just saw this while we were
following a nice of a shear so yeah
that's why I got it it's super cute
cause it I mean you guys know how much I
love kid stationery speaking of cute
stationery I got these ball pens and
super cute like look at the college guys
pastel the spire shop I know part of
Lego did you guys know what I mean yeah
that you can actually play with it bring
up on your board in class you can just
grab these ball pens and play with it
I don't want that I shall let go
so these are the art line ballpoint
stick ball pens so if you guys are
wondering you tilt on your a black it's
not super thing oh yeah I got these okay
guys it's gonna depend on I'm coping I'm
whittling writing materials like ball
pens but you know you can never have too
much more pens because you know by the
end of the school year would I don't
worth it now you cuz ya'll know her well
enough ball pens so it's good to stock
up on some ball pens so I got three
bubbles from Stabilo so these are the
stability liner ball pens
so again pastel so I got on tackle fake
blue and purple and then of course well
I actually thought no G thank you haha
but I got dong a fine thick but it's
like GTECH anyway so I got these so
these are the 0.3 ones and then I got
one red ball pen so this is from fabric
casters and guys look how cute these
highlighters are so I got a mini ones
since didn't open on behalf of us now
highlighter so I got one in past opaque
and pastel ooh like what's new now young
buzz cell and and the Bible says we
eautiful and Hawaii it's the next thing
that I got is a mechanical pencil so
this is from fabric Castille this is the
grip Matic mechanical pencil and I
always like getting mechanical pencils
over like regular pencils I don't know
why but and you'll let me ax is 0.5 oh
wait I got more highlighters so these
are from the brand
Marvie so dr. Michelle one yellow and
orange and one green and it only costs
59.75 pesos which is a great deal that's
what I love about National Bookstore
affordable college a of our products
Nina and there is like a wide variety of
products to choose from and guys with
evidence enough Pro Bowls like grab and
go back back back to school and also got
to throw it back for free for every one
thousand single receipt purchase and you
can also get a lunchbox for seventy five
pesos only for every 500 pesos single
receipt purchase and I almost forgot you
can also get a drawstring bag for 99
pesos for every few hundred pesos
singular as he preaches and I really
encourage you guys to support national
bookstores project RL by donating a 3d
pencil or 60 peso kit and by doing this
you would be able to help thousands of
Filipino children to have the privilege
of receiving quality education and some
basic school supplies okay moving on I
also got a pencil case so this is how it
looks like it's just a basic black
pencil case so I think Asian amadito
learn writing materials go since your
mobility condom and they're not too
bulky and the next few things that I got
are to correct my mistakes or to raise
my mistakes so I got these erasers from
fabric a stealth and this is a
correction tape from down a and I really
like correction takes from dong a
so I'd recommend and the next thing that
I got is from posted so this is a notes
cube or like it's a mini no fad and I
might use this for like your binders and
stuff like that
next I got this small for your book from
Siegel so I might use this to organize
my paper works for example about paper
Naumann for our post test spree tests or
some things I can also use this for our
on reply slips because like una mama
time on your play slip school so yeah I
got this okay we're now down to the last
two items so I got this Elmer's glue
which I'm not sure if I'm gonna use for
school but I might use this because of
the high so this is the Elmer's dual
tips cool glue pen and lastly I got this
scotch scissors because now you don't
know why when I go scissors nominee to
subha is so finally got one so yeah that
is everything that I got for myself now
let's move on to the giveaway okay so
for this giveaway there will be two
winners one girl and one boy actually
you guys are gonna win the same things
but different colors or designs so the
winners will be getting this notebook
from Becca
so bakes a girl and then blue boy the
same pencil case that I got so for the
boys if you like this doll a correction
tape fabric a stone ball pens fabric
castle eraser the same fabric acyl group
Matic mechanical pencil set of method
color peps and lastly a dragon go back
so this is a writing set so it comes
with three pieces of wall pens one piece
of highlighter two pieces of permanent
markers and one piece of whiteboard
marker so here are the real stanker this
giveaway subscribe to my channel that's
Bella follow me on Instagram Twitter and
like my Facebook page all the links will
be down below and of course you also
have to follow National Bookstore on
instagram at national bookstore and you
can also follow them on twitter and
facebook at NBS okay and then you have
to share this video on facebook and make
sure your post is set to public so that
I can see
and lastly comment on below what you
love about back-to-school together in
your Instagram and Facebook names this
giveaway will end on this day and the
winners will be announced on my
Instagram so yeah that is it for this
back to school haul I hoped you guys
liked it if you did make sure to give it
a big thumbs up and make sure to
subscribe to be part of the hashtag
battle fam and to got notified whenever
I upload a new video oh and by the way
if you guys are interested in NBS
college it's like an institution for
higher learning so it's initially
operating six degree programs and NBS
college is also offering a scholarship
grant for its pioneer badge so get
twelve thousand five hundred pesos off
your tuition fee for school year 2018
through 2019 so if you guys are
interested I'll put the links down below
and if you guys are also interested in
national bookstores grind back to school
fair it will be happening at June 1 to 3
at the glorietta activity center so here
you can shop for your back-to-school
supplies join exciting activities and
get cool 3ds yeah that is it for this
video I'll see you guys in my next one
and don't forget your that's ball
amazing bye
