hey that's right fella
today is May 18 and I have an event
today once again and I know it's like
one of those days nice Mentos Inca taco
and that's because cynicism your events
come but anyway on my event for today is
I'll be going to mow us I'll be a to all
things hair booth and I'll be having a
pepper day with three of my bail fam so
that is gonna be pretty exciting so um
time check it is 8:03 a.m. and we're
gonna leave around 8:30
since my call time is 11 and then
medicine start at 2:00 p.m. until 3:30
p.m.
Rodya is update are we already ate lunch
at Chuy's but now I'm on my way to
David's a lot because I'm gonna meet up
with my fellow fam and we're gonna get
our makeup done actually I already have
my makeup on but I'm gonna get it done
anyways okay I lost count
nice to meet you
thank you for the cake of it introduce
yourself
Pauline and a leg thank you so much I
love it I remove my makeup come see you
type of airwaves and other girls are
right there
and as Antigua
okay so we just got here's all these
hairdos and there's
wish you were here say hi to the vlog
you're in the blog it's a lie so this
all things hair life is subpoenaed
inside my department store and this is
like the first-ever one-stop shop tuner
tips and tricks for all hair needs and
hairstyles and here you can experience
it first by pre styling done by beauty
looper X ok so this is the live access
portion of the booth and this is where
people can have a 360-degree interation
to all things hair so I have Irish with
me so this is the first part which is
brows so this is where you can get
access to the all things hair website so
here you can see all the tips and tricks
all hair needs and hair styles there you
can check it out next one is learn so
this is the second part of the live
access move
so here you can see who is let's go to
the channel so this is where you can see
all the hair tutorials so that you can
try to recreate them at home so you guys
can check it ours
and the last one is experience so this
gives you an access to the Watsons econ
page so here you can check our different
kinds of products so with that you can
try them out yes they're getting their
hair done
well Harry Stanley mum east dragon
dragons this week dragon race
about hers what's your hairstyle that I
am beat that iron
okay so for this dog unclean braid she
used this Tresemme so infinite freezable
hairspray to hold the hairstyles others
can see okay so for this flat iron beach
waves she's this Crescent make our team
smooth flat iron smoothing spray to
prevent down prevent damage from the
heat yeah
and then also she used the stress of a
sullen Finnish extra hold hairspray like
the other one
okay guys I just had my hair and I love
how this is an interactive educational
and offers freestyling
here's one of my fellow fellow and
there's the other one right there
Oh your mom how cute this booth also
offers a complete hairy journey from
wash care prep and are you pick on five
products that will help you recreate the
hairstyles that you guys have right now
so you guys can take from there from
wash chair Previn site okay let's go
go to the Aloha legs
we're gonna have money that very great
okay okay guys he doesn't love Mary
Grace and you not only want to delay the
mani-pedi since it's like 6:00 p.m. now
and they have to go home early since
they have a curfew
did you guys enjoy
the numbing ions and some department
stores you get our food bags because we
left at their community and even though
the money's becoming AG money bag you
super enjoy them I'm coming ahead
hayashi doggies be back thank you for
hey guys so it is days after the event
and I'm sorry because I wasn't able to
film an outro or an extra after the
event just because I felt super sick but
I'm okay now
so before I end the vlog I'll show you
guys a little haul because I did get
some hair products from Optics hair so
let's see what's inside and they
actually let me pick these products so
let's start off with this one so this is
the two neonguy volume plumping mousse
so if you guys do not know the all
things hair like booth also has
exclusive multi-award-winning 20 and
guide products with superior premium
haircare expertise so another Toni & Guy
product that I got is this sky high
volume dry shampoo because I've been
using dry shampoo lately laden after PE
class because my hair gets oily because
all of the sweat next I got this Toni &
Guy heat protection mist and this is
gonna be a big help for me just because
um recently I've been curling my hair
because I really love how curly hair
looks on me so so this is gonna protect
my hair from the heat next I got this
Tresemme keratin smooth flat iron
smoothing spray so this is gonna help me
whenever I'm gonna straighten my hair
using a flat iron and this is gonna
control frizz for 48 hours and lastly I
got this Tresemme please hold salon
finish hairspray so this is gonna give a
maximum hold and it also controls frizz
and lastly it gives my hair this um
flawless looking finish so yeah these
are all of the products that I got from
the all things hair light booth so if
you guys are
in all things hair like hair trans
hairstyles you guys can go ahead and
visit their website which is
www.hyken.com loose hair life booth also
has a store where you guys can
immediately buy exclusive hair products
you recreate the look style by Unilever
experts or the hair trends that you guys
loved from the live access part of the
booth so yeah that is it for this vlog I
hope you guys liked it make sure to give
it a big thumbs up and make sure to
subscribe to be part of the hashtag
Bella fam and to get notified whenever I
upload a new video I'll see you guys in
my next one
and don't forget your last of all
amazing sight
