hey that's right it's mellow good
morning today is May then and it's a
Thursday it's currently 8:37 a.m. and I
have an event today which is YouTube
creator god it's like the event before
you fan fest and I'm gonna be performing
at the festival or like the pre-show and
we're gonna eat bris tomorrow because
it's actually really cuz I'm already
strange 9 9 a.m. to 10 a.m. so yeah I
mean my dad okay so we're gonna eat
first and today
hey guys so gamma tapas nom nom in coma
and and I'm all the way now it's 9:30
a.m. and Ashley's underneath already
there she's gonna be my YouTube video
for today also
cuz I didn't expect I'll say
Barney wait there no worries really your
backup bouncers
like go there do your homework
oh geez
hey guys so um I haven't updated you in
a while that's because I'm coming
Binghamton Canyon after they've been and
Rock vineyard in Quebec Oh Nina
we had shrimp for dinner but I wasn't
able to plug in because I left my phone
in camera here and then after that we
went to the mall so Venice a Grand Canal
mall to buy milk because I think saving
for cookie like even though I have a
performance tomorrow even though I'm
gonna sing tomorrow I'm still drunk
Oh what is life but anyway on you to
crater camp was so much fun I got to
meet a lot of new people and I can't
wait for tomorrow I'm super excited
mm-hmm
I'm actually gonna go there around 3
p.m. since you performance cop 5 p.m. so
I have more time period so yeah that is
gonna be so much fun because it's my
first time to performs a pre-show and
yeah I hope to see you guys tomorrow as
you do Panthers so I have a Papa hangin
AHA since today was a pretty tiring day
and tomorrow on markaba be a success I
have to prepare anyway if you guys like
this video make sure to give it a big
thumbs up and make sure to subscribe to
be part of the hashtag battle of fam and
to get notified whenever I upload a new
video I'll see you guys in my next one
and don't forget you that follow me
saying goodbye
you
