hey that's right it's Bella so for
today's video I will be putting the new
range of pons to the test and seeing if
it lived up to its promise of hashtag
normal like results in as soon as seven
days so this is how the new range looks
like and it consists of one two three
four five six seven seven products so
let's start off with this one so this is
the pons flawless radiant thermal plus
perfecting serum so this is how the
bottle looks like it's not plastic so be
careful with it so let's try to swatch
it okay so it looks like this I don't
know if you guys can see it but it has
like this almost watery consistency and
it also smells good it doesn't have this
um overpowering scent now let's move on
to the cream product so first I have
this pons Follis radiant thermal plus
hydrating day gel and it has SPF 15 PA
plus plus while this one is the pause
flawless radiant thermal plus night
cream this is the pons flawless radiant
thermoplastic fighting day cream and
lastly for the cream products is this
flawless radiant thermal plus poised
rising day cream okay I'm gonna try to
swatch this hydrating day gel and I
really like their packaging even though
it's kind of heavy
it's not that travel friendly but you
can always transfer it to a different
container if you like so this is how it
looks like inside okay but that's no
Salina I'm going on perfecting serum and
it also feels like it's not sticky at
all now it is time for the BB creams so
this one is in the shade beige while
this one is in life so these trying to
instantly conceal spots in an even tone
and it's also brighten skin from the
inside and it also smoothen roughness
and lastly it is light and it doesn't
have this um oily texture so guys I did
the 30 day challenge
I used some of the products from this
range for 30 days so every morning I use
three products so first off I use this
perfecting serum and then I use this
hydrating day gel and this is perfect
for normal to oily skin which is the
skin type that I have and lastly is this
BB cream in the shade beige but during
the nighttime I only use two products
which are the perfecting serum and this
night cream so I will be showing you
guys a week week progress so that you
guys can have a better look on the
results or effects that this range can
give so without further ado let's get
started
by the way guys this rage claims to give
your skin a flawless poreless as
luminous look but after the first week
that I used these products um effects
weren't that visible since my skin
didn't look poreless or I still had
invisible of course but it really did
make my skin look radiant and luminous
which I really like because it didn't
make my skin look oily but anyway let's
continue to the week to week progress
take on the 30-day challenge and I'll be
sharing with you guys my overall
thoughts so let's start off with the
pros first okay first of all there are
different products for a different skin
type so for example you have normal to
oily skin so there is a specific product
for you
so on same goes to if you have normal to
dry skin for example um you have normal
to dry skin you have to use this
moisturizing day cream but for me I have
normal to oily skin so I use this
hydrating day gel next as these products
don't feel heavy on the skin since they
absorb into my skin easily and it did
give my skin this radiant and luminous
look but it didn't give me that poreless
look since I could still see visible
pores on my cheeks but yeah that is like
the only cons that I can give to you
guys and by the way guys this range
tries to give you derma treatment like
results through Durham perfect TM
complex so this is ponds most advanced
technology today so if you guys are
interested in having hashtagged herbal
like results I challenge you guys to do
the 30 day challenge as well so that is
it for this video if you guys liked it
make sure to give it a big thumbs up and
make sure to subscribe to me part of the
hash tag bottom and to get notified
whenever I upload a new video by
clicking the bell button right beside
the subscribe button
I'll see you guys in my next video and
don't forget your that smell amazing
bye
