hey that's right it's Bella so I am back
at it again with another PR unboxing
haul for you guys so you guys know the
drill I'll be showing you guys the free
stuff that I got from sponsors for the
past few months but anyway if you're new
here hi my name is Bella I'm a 16 year
old Filipina youtuber who makes beauty
and lifestyle videos so make sure to
subscribe to be part of the hashtag
Bella that that's what people are
beautiful family and of course don't
forget to click the bell button right
beside the subscribe button
so that you'll get notified whenever I
upload a new video so yeah without
further ado let's just get started okay
so I'm gonna start off with Maybelline
and they actually sent me a lot of
packages but if the owners announced an
end which is a set of the maybelline
superstay matte pink liquid lipsticks so
this is how the package looks like so
there it comes with ten shades so Meryl
Ellis dreamer lover pioneer heroine
romantic creator believer escapist and
Voyager so on let me swatch one so I'm
gonna swatch loyalists I think this is
the lightest one it also smells so good
it smells like cocoa butter so this is
how it looks like and it's kind of like
for my skin tone but if you have a
lighter skin tone comparing my skin tone
then this would probably suit you more
now let us move on to the second package
of that Maybelline sent me so they sent
me on their mat metallics so these are
lipsticks oh wait let me count one two
three nine so they sent me nine of their
matte metallic so wait let me get their
shades hot lava pure gold copper rose
serpentine spiral galaxy molten bronze
copper spark and metal and lastly is
soapstone okay wait let me swatch
this is copper nose so this is how
copper rose looks like now let us move
on to the last package about Maybelline
sent me so I really like this packaging
though so Maybelline sent me their BB
cream so this is the super BB water
essence and mineral powder one in the
shade zero to natural and I haven't
tried their BB creams before so I'm
really excited to try this out okay next
is this Maybelline fit me matte and
poreless liquid foundation and this is
one of my Holy Grail products I really
love this foundation this is like my
go-to like even though I buy a new
foundation I still go back to this one
because that's how much I love it then
they also sent me their dream satin skin
to a cake powder and this is in the
shade v1 nude beige oh wait I actually
haven't told you guys the shade of this
foundation this is in the shade of 222
through Paige I'm actually in the shade
220 but let's see if this matches my
skin as well okay so they sent me three
of their tattoo brow gel kit and I
haven't dive is yet like I've been
wanting to try these so I have three
shades here light brown medium brown and
dark brown so maybe I'm dark brown
because I like my brows to be dark
because my hair is dark and then they
sent me one of my favorite mascaras
which is the Maybelline lash sensational
waterproof mascara so I have three of
their powder matte lipsticks so these
are in the shades almond pink toasted
brown and touch of new oh wait they
actually sent me six lipsticks okay so
on these are the color sensational
lipsticks so these are in shades nude
neurons touch of spice and divine wine
and of course they also sent me their
hyper curl volume Express waterproof
mascara so this is like your everyday
mascara I also got Maybelline's hyper
sharp liner and lastly in this package
is this Maybelline master fix where
boosting setting sprays
thank you so much Maybelline now let's
move on to Benefit Cosmetics so they
sent me two packages so let's start off
with this one first so I wasn't able to
attend their event for the launch of
their bank album mascara but they
believe benefit sent me one of these
bags so of course they sent me their bag
of bang mascara off it's not with me
right now it's with my mom wait I think
I have a travel sized one okay so
benefit also sent me on a travel sized
one so this is how it looks like and it
also came with this professional pearl
primer and this concealer and highlight
various duo so Merril a boy in
containers attendance of about my Watts
up highlighter and guys look how cute
this is
oh this came with on the package or the
mousse bag wait wait let's try to wear
it
light up oh okay now let's move on to
the second paper bag and there are a lot
of products in here so I got one of
their skin care products and if you guys
did not know benefit has some skin care
products as well so I got there it's
potent
i benefit cream so I use this under my
eyes are my under eyes because you guys
know how it dark my under eyes are no
matter how much sleep I get I still have
so this is how it looks so this is a
writing eye cream to fade dark circles
which is an essential for me the next I
got benefits Posie bomb so if you guys
have been watching my vlogs or videos
for the past few years you guys would
probably know that I really love their
lolly bomb so this is their lolly bomb I
really love this so much but I really
wanted to try a different shade so and
then I also got benefit and you guys
have no idea how much I love this lip
tint I will I already have like two
empty bottles or like three empty
bottles of this one so finally I got a
new one and guys ghosts on the students
on the ATA's so we're gonna share and
then I got three I don't know why I got
three but I got three of the precisely
my brow pencil and shade number five so
if days are wondering that's my shade
okay so I got to travel sized ones and
this is a full sized one there so this
is the pencil and there is a spoolie on
the other side which is always always
gonna be convenient when doing your
brows because you don't have to bring
like a separate spooby next I got a cab
brow gel in the shade number three
benefits Ravel conditioning primer
benefit they're real double the lip
lipstick and the shade pink trails
benefit Ready Set brow gel and again
they're bad galvan mascara they're Boing
concealer and
number two and they also sent me their
roller lash mascara and their punch pop
liquid lip color so this is a lip gloss
so I'm actually wearing this right now
on top of my lipstick guys look how cute
the packaging is so this one is in the
shade sugar cookie and again they sent
me their professional pearl primer I
also got their real false lashes
invisible lash glue so I don't really
wear on false lashes but you know let's
see in the future I mean I do own false
lashes but I never use them that lastly
from benefit is this hoola kwikki
contour snake and I haven't tried this
yet I actually just owned one contour
stick so now I have to it so I really
love their hoola bronzers the powder
ones so hopefully you'll love this as
well thank you so much benefit next up
we have pixi by petra and they sent me
four products so the first one is this
pixie skin treats glow tonic and I've
heard a lot of good things about this
then they also sent me their
collaboration with its Beauty time so
this is Judy's lip palette I actually
have this already you guys know that I
really love that palette and then they
also sent me their collaboration with
Aspen over so this is on the blush in
the shade dome rose I can't wait to try
this because I don't really have a blush
that I really really love so I really
hope oh my gosh but anyway i'm sanna
body through the skin tones ago
and lastly from pixie is there
these skin treats to use on peel-off
mask so thank you so much pixie okay
next is pop beauty and they sent me on
two of their glamour boxes so they're
all based on tweek to MU so let's start
off with this one first okay so the
first thing that I see in here is this
fluid pop liner and I don't own any
liner that has like crazy shades I only
have black and brown so I can my dog is
barking so I can't wait to try this one
the next is this permanent power I also
got their pop Beauty matte lipstick and
the shades Saturn rose and Sienna spice
so this is the lipstick that I'm wearing
right now so for my lips today I used
this one and then I also used another
class of benefit and I also got their
lip liner in the shade ritzy rosette and
lastly in this box is this contour 101
palette so when you open it it looks
like this so it has a highlight blush
and sculpt or contour okay now let's
move on to the second box so I got this
instant brow sealer so this is like a
brow gel pop beauty's peak performance
brow so this is a brow pencil and
eyeliner also their highlight there oh I
really want to swatch it this one I'm
all about the glow so this is in the
shade golden light
whoa oh my gosh okay let's just put it
right here on top of my where have you
been all my life
oh okay I am speechless but you guys
have to try this highlighter out and
lastly in this box is this pop Beauty
eyeshadow palette so it comes with a lot
of vibrant colors which I normally don't
really use super colorful thank you so
much pop beauty okay next up we have the
face shop and they sent me a set of
their flat velvet and glossy lip sticks
okay so these are the velvet lipsticks
right here and then these are the glossy
ones
okay so there is a total of 10 shades
your clown sick dog fala can I even
count okay so it comes with twelve
shades so on six of elven and then 6
then sigasi okay let's try to swatch
this one this is in the shade rose pink
there you guys your throughout the bull
shout what this is perfect for summer so
this is rose faint
okay so for the glossy lipstick i'll be
swatching this one in the shade new york
red and the amish habanero red lipstick
but let's see wow that's very vibrant
okay so this is New York red so the face
shop also sent me some GCS I went a
little bit of shopping so the face shop
okay so when I went in the face shop the
first section that I went to was the
face mask section because who doesn't
love face masks so I got a total of two
four six eight ten ten face masks so I
got two of the honey face masks green
tea blueberry shea butter and aloe vera
next I got this natural Sun power
lasting Sun cream so this is a sunscreen
screen but this is a sunscreen dull ruk
so this has SPF 50 plus PA plus plus
plus so this is an essential dollar mrs.
summertime because you know what it gets
sunburned next I got this first serum
and essential formula foaming cleanser
so these are for my mom oh I forgot that
I got these so I got a control pill my
oil cannot control itself so next I got
this premium eyelash curler and this is
the one that almost always this is
actually the curler that I'm using right
now but it's kind of like not that good
anymore so I have a backup and lastly
from the faceshop
is this pack of sponges so it has 20
sponges and I actually also bought a
makeup wipes but of course in addition
so you could have a high design yo but
yeah that is everything that I got from
the face shop thank you so much to the
face shop next up is happy skin and I
washed the paper bag but they sent me
one product which is the happy scale I
can do it so this is a 3 Way kit so it's
for the eyes brows and nose line so I'm
get the shot and when you open it there
it has on two pants and then it has a
brush right here so this is deep taupe
and a soft brown so you can use it for
your eyeshadow for your brows for your
nose line for your contour so this is
perfect for traveling thank you so much
happy skin next up is some silk so on
they actually sent me three products but
so they sent me their son suck strongly
long shampoo and conditioner so if you
guys haven't seen my blog about this
shampoo the link will be down below and
as you guys can tell I've been growing
my hair long comment on all your
thoughts but anyway I've been loving
this shampoo and conditioner I'm
sponsored or not I really loved Sun look
like that you thought oh my god it's
awesome so so yeah thank you so much son
so next is pause and they sent me a set
of their new range okay so let's open it
up so it contains one two three four
five six seven seven products so they
sent me to BB cream so this one is in
the shade beige and this one is a shade
light they also said to me for cream
products so this is the hydrating day
gel moisturizing day cream night cream
and mattifying daily and I also sent me
their pause flawless radiant thermal
plus perfecting serum and teaching you
guys because I'll be reviewing these
products soon thank you so much fun okay
next is solid egg and guys look how huge
this bag is like I've seen this all over
Instagram and I was like I really want
that bag and then when they sent me then
I was like thank you I can't wait to use
this bag but let's see what's inside
okay so they sent me two products so
they sent me Celotex sent me their matte
moisturizer so this has SPF 30 while
this one is their face and body sun
defense spray and it has SPF 50 and guys
sano-sama because tomorrow I'm gonna
swim so gotta protect my body from the
Sun thank you so much salad egg next up
is cream oh and they sent me four of
their different cookies so let's start
off with this one so this is the cream
Oh chopper came filled chocolate
sandwich cookies
well this one is their chocolate chip
cookies and this one is their crinkles
and lastly is their cream Oh deluxe and
as you can see you
so out of the four flavors or like the
different cookies that they sent me it's
the open our favorite go also the
original one of course but by the way
they actually said to me like two boxes
of these so when I miss a long vinegary
Serena cream oh so thank you so much to
cream oh okay next is Toblerone and they
sent me actually a lot of talk around
but there was no no you natira no
regrets so on this is the swiss milk
chocolate with honey and almond nougat
so this is original one while this one
is the dark chocolate and they also sent
me their white chocolate just like my
favorites of the runny white chocolate
but yeah anyway thank you so much table
Roy okay next up is Cadbury so they sent
me two other dairy milk chocolates and
guys know how much I love chocolate
so maybe after this video one like what
is diet thank you so much Cadbury
okay next and I do not like them so I'm
a genomica sent me three of their crispy
fries shake shake reading mix with
flavor mix so this one is smoky barbecue
this one is Parmesan cheese which is
like one of my favorites and this one is
savory and they also sent me three I
mean not three four four cookbooks but
this one is umami this one is by
Japanese and of course
Filipino thank you so much IG namitha
okay next is Velveeta
room I pop rocks alone also this one so
they sent me there they'll be the
breakfast so this is milk and cereal
so yeah they sent me their belVita
breakfast so this is milk of cereal
biscuit and then they also send me
what are these oh there actually there
are actually on different flavors yeah
so these are the same one so these are
the malcomson you know flavors well this
one is the high-end chocolate flavored
thank you so much Velveeta and lastly
for this PR unboxing haul is from Google
so they sent me the 38th fortune cookie
fortune cookie challenge so let's open
it up so they sent me 38 fortune cookies
actually let's try to open one let's see
what my fortune is wait what wait let's
read the letter
oh okay so not every fortune cookie has
like the paper in it only eight fortune
cookies but anyways thank you so much
Google for sending 38 of fortune cookies
now let's move on to the giveaway and I
decided to host a giveaway because
Mother's Day is approaching so I really
wanted to help you guys out but a number
my gift caparison mom you're to show
appreciation I mean you guys don't have
to give something or like a material
thank your mom being a good daughter are
a good son or making your mother proud
is like the best gift that you can give
your mom so yeah I just want to put it
out there but anyway for this giveaway
there will be one winner so if you over
do them all prices so first your mom is
gonna win this pixies skin treats glow
tonic toner next is this Maybelline lash
sensational mascara do met metallics in
the shades hot lava and copper spark to
super save Matt eight lipsticks and a
shade heroine and dreamer this benefit
Cabrillo cream gel in the shade number
three and this professional pearl primer
this clear brow gel from pop Beauty this
liquid eyeliner and brow pencil and
spoolie from pop Beauty as well and
lastly is this pop Beauty counter 101
palette so here are the connects to win
this giveaway
first is you have to subscribe to my
channel that's Bella follow me on
Instagram Twitter and Facebook all the
links will be down below then you have
to share this video on Facebook and make
sure your post is on public so that I
can see it lastly comment down below
what you love about your mom and your
Instagram and Facebook name this
giveaway will end on this date and the
winners will be announced on my
Instagram so that is it for this video
once again I would like to thank all the
companies or sponsors that send all
these products to me it really means a
lot if you guys liked this video make
sure to give it a big thumbs up and make
sure to subscribe to be part of the
hashtag Bella fan and to get notified
whenever I upload a new video I'll see
you guys in my next one and don't forget
your Zach follow me as a bye
you
