I'm on the motorway in real life wearing
a virtual reality headset on the
motorway this is a proper proper mine
welcome to the future of driving also
known as being driven and as much as we
hate to admit it autonomous cars are
being developed right now by companies
like Tesla Volvo and Renault one of the
most advanced autonomous cars today is
the mind off level 4 equipped sim buyers
a vehicle that makes the level 2
equipped Tesla suddenly look a bit like
a horse and cart so what do you say we
get straight into this you may remember
about two years ago I drove a Tesla
Model S in autopilot mode on the UK
motorway at 70 miles an hour the
important thing to remember about that
is that the Tesla Model S is level 2
autonomy mode this car the Renault
cymbals is level 4 you can effectively
completely switch off and the car will
tell you how many kilometers or how many
miles you can completely switch off for
and if for any reason you need to take
over and then it'll prompt you to do
that and if you don't do that then the
car will pull over in a safe place but
we're going to start off in the in the
symbiosis concept car in manual mode I'm
going to drive it
it has 680 horsepower to the rear wheels
so it's rear-wheel drive I'm not allowed
to do any burnouts or anything ok
there's only one in the world so I've
got to be very careful I have a couple
of renault guys in the car with me
anthony behind me who's basically gonna
tell me to slow down and stop being an
idiot
so bosnia who has this cool like retro
80s style sticks and levers and stuff so
if anything does go wrong with the car
then he can take over and yeah basically
save our lives but that won't happen
today
maybe we can drag race and Tesla's so it
was out loud so you can back to your
technique mode by pressing the Lugano if
you want
and yeah Oh
oh yeah that's pretty quick what we're
going to do now is going to go into full
autonomous or up mode holding these two
buttons where your thumbs are for two
seconds
Josie oh and now you can let it go I
could turn around now right Wow
I can literally just switch off and have
a conversation with you guys this is so
much more than Tesla autopilot because
with Tesla autopilot the use or about
two or three years ago it's changing
Lane yeah yeah that's not you doing no
no he's been looking as I was saying
taser autopilot you have to be alert you
can't really do anything else and in the
UK you have to actually have your hands
on the steering wheel which kind of
defeats the object of having an
autonomous car here in this level for
car you can pretty much do what you like
Ethan tell me your thoughts yeah to
trigger yes so how do I set my top speed
and how does it does it just it's
automatic based on the road sign yeah
and based on the map so it will it won't
stick to one hundred and thirty
kilometers an hour no no higher it's
changing lane the windscreen wipers I
presume will go on even though it
doesn't really matter cuz I don't really
need to worry too much about what's
ahead of me right we have a toll coming
up you're not doing anything I'm not
doing anything wow you are really
working hard car on it yeah actually you
can see how much corrections meteoritic
and oh they're class and then we
accelerate hard into the future nice
crease that's pretty bad isn't it there
will be level five soon which basically
means that you will get into your car
might not have a steering wheel you'll
tell your car I want to go to Ikea or
wherever the hell you want to go and it
will take you there and you basically
don't need to do anything probably don't
even need to have a windscreen with
level five do it's just so weird
Ethan your face
step up
yeah you don't do many yeah that's yeah
well you probably can't see at the
moment is that on the highway itself
there are antennae so there's five and
ten I on here so in the central
reservation there are antennae and they
talk to the car I got this muttering
here I can just I can carry it to mace
it and then if you want we can watch a
movie we can watch movies as well are
being driven by a car and I'm in the
driver's seat how messed up is that
look at that
this is so weird but you know what I
feel completely at ease actually I'm
going to talk to this one because I feel
completely at ease do you feel safer in
the backseat of this than you would in
the back city would I be driving speak
completely honestly just this if the
acts what it reacts quicker yeah the car
yeah actually yeah actually if you
believe the situation then 10 times a
second how many times do I evaluate a
situation for one time every 10 seconds
yeah maybe that's fair
so what you're saying again is that the
car is better than me better than all of
us okay I'm out see a tooth and away we
go
crazy as that
and just to prove how badass this car is
I'm gonna put my trust in it completely
by putting on a virtual reality headsets
so basically I mean I don't know it
could be Canada maybe got a nice Sun up
there and got some nice tall trees to my
right I thought I'm in a car by myself
this is really odd I'm on the motorway
in real life wearing a virtual reality
headset on the motorway this is a proper
proper mine
how you doing Ethan I can't actually see
anyone here it's gone really dark I can
see stars or so I am effectively in the
future I think I just what is that oh
that is the steering wheel is it oh god
there's stuff coming at me oh Jesus I'm
flying so I take it it's weird because
I've just been in a virtual reality car
and now I'm driving the car real life I
feel the like my brain is struggling
with driving again nearly 50 kilometers
we've done nearly 50 kilometers again
because the car did most of the work
most of the driving itself if you told
me that we did 15 kilometers I believe
you it will almost impact people like
the lorry drivers the most if they had
this technology so in 2023 when
something like this is a production car
what kind of price do you think people
will have to pay for something with all
this technology the reason for this date
is that we think the technologies will
be affordable by hand so there are
actually I say two major stakes first
regulation because right now this is not
legal and so we are working hard with
the governments and so on to make a
seagull and second the technology is
right now very expensive and we think it
to be affordable baby so you said that
this currently isn't legal so how is it
that I was able to be driven we didn't
tell anybody that's we went to discuss
with the government to get the special
authorisation yeah that's why you have
Sebastian with this on your right I
catch the following car behind us the
URA your government representative if I
if I talk too much you're gonna kill me
depends on what you say yeah Ethan final
thoughts
huge huge step up I can't believe you
said it's better than me though us
that's deeply hurtful we've done what
did you say about 50 kilometres and
genuinely those 50 kilometers felt more
like 15 kilometres because for a big
part of that I was doing other things I
had a headset on I was playing with my
phone it has actually made my brain hurt
a little bit and yeah come 2023 loads of
people will be getting driven around
while doing other things it makes a
really boring motorway journey very very
bearable so bring it on sorry it's even
you got this just take your time
got a bit of slack there a bit of slack
you probably need to get that sorted out
jimena do you wanna do an hour look
after you Taylor I'm a little trip
