hey that's right it's Bella so it has
been a while since I've done a haul for
you guys and I know how much most of you
love watching hauls so that is gonna be
the video that I'll be doing today I did
some shopping for the past few weeks
since it was my birth month last
February
so you know I wanted to treat myself and
also I really need to stock up on some
clothes because I have to attend events
every now and then so just a disclaimer
I'm not trying to brag in any way shape
or form I just know how much you guys
love watching hauls and I really love
filming these kinds of videos for you
guys as a mama haha what kind of ideas
on what to buy or what you get for your
birthday stuff like that anyway if
you're new here hi my name is Bella I'm
a 16 year old Philippines a youtuber who
makes beauty and lifestyle videos so
make sure to subscribe to be part of the
hashtag Bella fam and of course don't
forget to click the bell button right
there or somewhere here to get notified
whenever I upload a new video and also
don't forget to follow me on my social
media accounts all the links will be
down below
hashtag campus so yeah without further
ado let's just get started let's start
off with forever 21 and I think I only
got 3 things from here yeah so the first
one is this sleeveless top and it's prom
as you guys can see and this is perfect
for the summer time letting up a poop
and humming beach every day that's gonna
happen this summer
and guy it's Bennigsen sha pernicious
Abramelin which is good and then the
last two things that I got are worth of
clothes ooh I burned it out so recently
I've been going to the gym with a
Polaris quad or sometimes coming up with
a hot button it really depends on our
schedule but sometimes I also go with my
friend but anyway that is why I decided
to get workout clothes so this one is a
pair of leggings
three forts and to go with that I also
got a sports room guys I know hashtag
his life but hashtag healthy lifestyle
is library but you know Heidegger
original at the home hashtags food is
like button next up is a to them and
this is actually on the first bag I have
a second bag right there so hmm cause
y'all will be done without me my been a
so yeah that's right off with this bug
first the first one that I got is this
red paw and it's kind of crop as you
guys can see and I don't really own a
lot of red top's or red clothing so
that's why I decided to get this plus
it's cute so next is oh wait this is the
same kind of top but I got it in black
this time and then I also got a basic
white top that I can use on whenever I'm
working out working out okay this is one
of my favorite so this is an army green
long-sleeved top but it's crap and I
also got one in black which I wore
yesterday it's a picture and I really
love it because it's super comfortable
plus you guys know how much I love crop
tops like the hanging ones so yeah I got
that
next one is this one and again it's kind
of crowd and it says Saturday which is
like my favorite weekend this stop
actually reminds me of Gucci but anyway
it has a mark right here at the bottom
which I really like doing whenever I buy
your shirts go I like on buying it so
that you know it will look shorter and
then I got this adorable off shoulder
top and I think I on this top like
whenever I go to hmm I see this dynamism
alongside score or mints and my stain
the last one in this paper bag is
another sleeveless crop top and v-neck
densha and it has like on details at the
bottom so yeah let us move on to the
sentence
paper bag okay so it's all Poros dresses
so I got this new dress and has stripes
all over it it has pink blue and white
stripes and as you can see on boxing on
top a thing and I also got another one
it's the same kind of gun but this time
is in black that was my wife of light
Lisa neckline all sorts of sleeves and
surprisingly high size 58 some on again
some dress I don't know why but normally
can say I'm size 32 34 or 36 amount tops
or bottoms but yeah I'm 16
okay this next one is a skirt
actually today will last so paper bag
metal but anyway this is a wrap skirt
and it has like this floral design over
it and I don't really wear on los Kurt's
that much just because it doesn't really
suit me but when I saw this and I tried
it on it actually looked pretty good so
yeah I decided to buy it okay that is it
for hmm
now let's move on to Catalan so I'm
gonna move Manila the fountain on is
this pop and it looks like a pajama top
if you guys know what I mean but anyway
it has a knot at the bottom which I like
and yeah it just has all polka dots all
over it and it's my first time to have
this kind of stop so I can't wait to
wear this and then I got to graphic
piece from Pakistan so this first one is
and it has babies over here and again
you can tie a knot at the bottom while
this one is color red and it says Celebi
which means that's life
so the last two things that I got from
cotton on our dresses snap off shoulder
so this one is light blue and it has
floral prints while this one is an eight
different color but it has like a bigger
nut floral print so yeah I got these
moving on to grab your bar ewis you guys
know how much I love ripped jeans
because it makes your outfit ten times
better like even though you're wearing a
basic top and then you throw on a pair
of ripped jeans so nice this is the pair
that I got and as you guys can see
Anisha I'm so Brown said I liked you so
brother dip and then I got another pair
of pants but this time my print shop so
it has vertical stripes all over it and
then the last thing that I got from
sandy Barrios is a sweater and this is
my favorite sweater at the moment and
it's kind of cropped as well and this is
my first like cropped sweater so yeah it
has um white and red stripes at the
bottom also here's the sleeves it has um
red stripes
and guys super soft no material at all
like super comfortable to wear okay
moving on to Zara of course when I go to
Zara I always need to get ringer tees do
you guys know how much I love bring your
keys so this one looks like this it has
some black linings and it says it's all
fabulous while this one says waiting for
Friday which is me
99% of the time and then I got a red
dress and I think they already saw this
episode because I wore this during my
birthday party at McDonald's so yeah
this is how it looks like I'll just
insert a picture right here and then
it'll last two things in the banila co's
Azaria which is this stop so it has
black and white stripes and it has red
lining sleeves and it has a matching
bottom so pants shot looks like a
jogging pants but anyway it has um again
red stripes those sides so you're
watching Matt Isha and if ever I'm gonna
wear this I'm gonna tuck this in okay
that is it for the clothes now let's
move on to the shoes so I got a pair of
Anita's ultra boost but this time in
white because I already have the black
one and I know it's kind of dirty right
now
that's because ethany awarded and you
guys know when you wear white she was
like a new white shoes to school leaving
again your shoes more so comment down
below for bida bida been busy with no
because you're not alone and that's the
last pair of shoes that I got its from
van so these are the checkerboard ones
and by the way some are shoes and
clothes as a banila co but you shake up
in the other don't worry because you
know that how sisters roll hey are we
gonna be dealing of them in because you
cannot show you how many a day so give
this video a thumbs up for gonna become
a couple and then the last thing for
this haul is guys
so no birthday call I really wanted to
invest on something now Ahava to look
like a salmon so youtube career or
school so I decided to get myself a new
laptop so this one is the MacBook Pro 15
inch with the touch bar obviously Ostara
Junya is
512 gigabytes which I badly need because
those old laptop core I've been
struggling with the storage because I
think only on 120 gigabytes and that is
not enough for a YouTube blogger because
you know you have to edit video
sometimes now
somebody somebody because for me I edit
like at least two videos sub I miss up
inaccessible bug edit there are
sometimes Nicaragua because you've got
small storage so I can't really import
videos so this is how the laptop looks
like so when you open it it oh by the
way I got the UM space free one and I
got the 13-inch one because I don't want
a big laptop cuz I'm hassle but if
you're gonna travel you need a big
backpack my mother gave me laptop more
and I really need to get a case is that
because I'm a bug sucker - any time soon
and by the way if you guys are wondering
yes I used my little swallow to get
myself a laptop so yeah that is it for
this video if you guys liked it and if
you guys want more halls from me make
sure you give this video a big thumbs up
and make sure to subscribe to be part of
the hashtag Bella fam and to get
notified whenever I upload a new video
I'll see you guys in my next one
and don't forget your that's follow me
using bye
