hey that's right it's Bella
today is February 16 which means today
is my muse ingredients at McDonald's
hashtag Mac celebration soon as Bella
and I'm filming this after the meeting
read that's because I wasn't able to
film an intro before the meeting gate
because I was so busy but anyway I got
there around 1:30 and then the
meet-and-greet lasted for like three
hours so yeah if you guys want to see
what happened in my meet-and-greet just
keep on watching
Hey
okay guys so yeah that is everything
that happened during hashtag max
celebrations good that's well before I
end this video I just want to thank my
bail top for accounting despite the long
weekend you guys still took some time to
go to a meet and greet and spend my 16th
birthday with me and of course I would
like to thank this Diane and educate for
helping and organizing this event and of
course how could I forget about
McDonald's thank you so much to
McDonald's for not only giving me the
opportunity to meet my Bella fam but
also to celebrate my 16th birthday with
the people who supported me and helped
me throughout my youtube career which
I'm really grateful for like I wouldn't
be given these kinds of opportunities if
it wasn't for you guys so thank you guys
so much you guys are the best also I
want to thank my family for the end slow
care and support they have given me and
lastly I would like to thank God for the
blessings that he has given me and of
course for giving me the strength to
continue to pursue my dreams no matter
how hard life gets I don't think words
can express enough how thankful I am but
thank you guys so much so yeah if you
guys like this video make sure to give
it a big thumbs up and make sure to
subscribe to be part of the hashtag
Belfast and to get notified whenever I
post a new video and by the way you guys
mac celebrations is now made more
convenient you can now book your party's
online via Mac celebrations calm pH and
pay via your credit card and yeah I'll
see you guys in my next video and don't
forget your that's well amazing
