hey that's right it's Bella today's
video is going to be a makeup tutorial
on this look and I try to achieve for a
smooth flawless and poreless look that
will last all day using the products
that Maybelline sent me so Maybelline
sent me their baby skin pore eraser
primer also their Maybelline clear
smooth all-in-one powder their
Maybelline passion brow duo shapewear
and lastly this powder matte lipstick
and the shade barely there so without
further ado let's get started okay so
before you do your makeup make sure to
prep your skin so I already did my
skincare routine so I'm ready for primer
and I do need a primer that will blur my
pores since I kind of have large pores
on my cheeks also my nose so I'll be
using this Maybelline Baby skin pore
eraser primer and this absolutely bridge
my pores and it smooths out my skin and
it gives me like this flawless finish
and this is also perfect for sensitive
and acne prone skin also for our oily
skin so that is good because I have oily
skin like I mean I have combination skin
oily stuff you zone and then I'm trying
you're so yummy oh wait I need put on my
headband so I'll be getting some of this
and then I'll be putting this all over
my face focusing on the areas that I
have large pores
well guys I I already see a difference
okay guys I don't think my pamorah it's
getting that up but here's the side that
is a primer and they totally modified my
face right guys
and guys please don't mind my pimple
it's right here I got it before our dad
big like wow I'm just gonna put that on
my cheeks and no also my forehead
because guys my forehead shines all days
and I'm also gonna put some on my chin
okay guys I've already done applying my
primer and guys this is amazing as I
said a while ago it really magnified my
face and it gave me like this silky
poreless and baby skin finish which I
really like because who doesn't want
baby skin like I really encourage you
guys to get this primer since it is
affordable plus it really does a great
job so you guys can get this in
maybelline counters and add some
department stores also in Watson's
branches nationwide so get yourself a
baby skin pore eraser primer okay now
I'm just gonna go on with my usual
makeup routine but I'll be skipping
foundation for today so I'll be moving
on to concealers so I'll be using this
fit me concealer in the shade medium and
I cannot skip concealer just because my
under eyes are getting so dark
I don't know why but I have been having
a lot of pimples lately that's because
of stress I'm just gonna let that sit
for a while and then I'm gonna blend I
am now done blending up my concealer now
it is time for powder so I'll be using
this Maybelline piercing with all-in-one
powder foundations so you can use the
discreet a wet sponge or a dry sponge so
in my case I'll be using a damp sponge
so y'all be taking some what's this by
the way guys I'm into shade
zero for honey
okay I am done with powder and I just
realized how a primer makes a huge
difference when doing your makeup
because before I didn't really like see
the importance of using a primer but now
I really do next
I'll be doing my brows and I'll be using
this Maybelline fashioned brows do
shaper and I'm gonna shade
Brown first I'm just gonna brush my
brows and I don't really fill in my
brows I just like kind of fill it in cuz
I still want my brows to look natural
but still and guys this this one is my
favorite brow not this one doesn't like
my bald spot Benito so I really have to
pull that in but this one I'm already
happy with it
okay brows are done okay guys I will
fast forward this video clip since I'll
just be going on with my usual makeup
routine
I am now done doing my usual makeup
routine now it's time for lipstick so
I'll be using this Maybelline powder
matte lipstick and shade barely there so
this is a natural lip color
okay so that is it for this look
that is it for this makeup look I hope
you guys like it get this look and your
favorite Maybelline products at the
Philippines one-stop shopping
destination lazada comm th and of course
don't forget to follow me baleen
Philippines on Facebook Instagram and
Twitter all the links will be down below
and if you guys want to know more
information about their products go
visit their website if you guys like
this video make sure to give it a big
thumbs up and make sure to subscribe to
be part of the hashtag Bella fam and so
get notified whenever I post a new video
I'll see you guys in my next one and
don't forget your that's ball amazing
bye
you
you
