hey that's right it's Bella I know I'm
super sorry I haven't posted a video for
a very long time you guys have in
messaging me Bella when are you gonna
post a new video Bella are you quitting
YouTube no I'm not because the past week
of me had our intramurals and I didn't
really have like the urge to filming us
I was super tired and also during the
weekend I wasn't home so yeah I didn't I
didn't really have the time to film and
by the way guys it's my first time like
it like I've been looking for a nice
pair of okay I'm rambling now but anyway
today's video is going to be a what is
in my purse because I do a what's in my
purse video every year so if you haven't
seen my two what's in my purse videos
that I posted on last year also last
last year all of the links down below
and I'm sorry if it's like gee because
you know but anyway if you're new to my
channel hi my name is Bella
I'm a 15 year old Filipina youtuber who
makes beauty and lifestyle videos and
make sure to subscribe to be part of the
hashtag bottom that is on people are
beautiful family and yes I am 15 years
old right because when I said that like
lying on my other video a lot of you
guys commented Bella are you 15 are you
really 15 yes okay so without further
ado let's just get started okay starting
off with my bags so I use this
Balenciaga classic mini CD purse so I
bring this whenever I go to the mall or
to event it is a crossbody lambskin bag
weight there and it has a classic
hardware as you guys can see and then it
also has a small pocket right here
and yeah it has a pop zip closure and by
the way of the strap is removable as
well put in my case I don't really move
the strap because I prefer crossbody
bags more and more than like handbags
okay so let's see what is in my prayers
okay so the first thing that I see and
here is my power back well actually this
is not mine this is Angela's because I
always borrow his power back just
because my power bag is like really big
and heavy bump up you got some bags so I
don't it's shoulders
I don't really know its brand but I
think we got it from the states I think
but yeah this is an essential for me
learn enough of my mama events aha
because I want to keep you guys updated
this is a lifesaver next is my vlogging
camera so if I have like offence this
won't be in my purse just because I have
this on my gorilla pod but if it's just
like a normal day
I always have this in my prayers just in
case I see something blog where you or
like and stick around worthy oh yeah
this is the kind of powershot g7x mark -
if you guys are wondering like every
blogger has this I swear I'm moving on
to the beauty stuff I have my go-to
perfume and I know guys it is not that
movement perfume anymore it's just
sitting right there I don't know why but
I haven't been using that perfume that
often I know it's shocking because for
the past few years it has been my go-to
perfume but I still love it though but
it was not in shower so this is the
Abercrombie & Fitch perfume in the scent
first instinct and this is actually not
mine it's my sister's but what
- yours and what is yours is mine as
well and it smells so good and I mean
it's quite strong but guys oh my
god so brown Bologna so yeah this has
been my go-to perfume lately
as you can see Papa's not sure like
Italia got this for Christmas
okay moving on to my key K kids so I got
this pouch from Nordstrom Rack and if
you have watched my us a haul you guys
have probably seen this already so it
has like a floral design and it has a
gold zipper so in here I have all of my
makeup products so first I have my oil
control film and I really need this
because I get oily throughout the day
la Luna cities openko like my forehead
my nose also my chin sometimes but yeah
I need to control my oil just because I
don't want to look shiny to control my
oil even more I have this industry no
sebum mineral powder so this is how it
looks like I almost dropped it so yeah
the sponge is kind of turkey at the
moment because I haven't cleaned it yet
oh so yeah I really have to clean it
later on I use this almost every day
since it's only translucent and it
doesn't give any coverage and then I
have a concealer so this is from
Maybelline this is their fit me
concealer and I'm in the shade medium
and if ever I have to look presentable
on that day and I have a pimple and my
dark under eyes are getting darker
whenever I try to cover them up so yeah
this is a perfect like everyday
concealer because it looks so natural
you guys and the coverage is just
amazing well yeah I know it's not full
coverage but it has like a medium
coverage which is perfect for every day
so I have this in my teeth I get and
then I only have one brow product in my
period just because I don't want to do
thank you my brows I don't know why but
I just want my brows to look natural so
I only have a brow gel so this is from
benefit this is very gimme brow gel and
I'm gonna shade number five this is how
it looks like it only has a mini wand so
yeah perfect shot I'm just too taming my
brows and then I also have a mascara
with me so this is from Maybelline and
this is their last sensational
waterproof mascara oh yeah this is my
favorite mascara at the moment
next I have my eyelash curler and guys I
cannot leave the house without my
eyelash curler because guys
perlier lashes makes a huge difference
so then I have my favorite lip tint
which is my Perry Berra Ariat velvet lip
tint in the shade number 8 and I got
this from club Clio when we went to
Korea
and I just love this so much because
it's not drying at all and feels so good
so lips
this also smells so good you guys it has
a doe foot applicator and I just love
the shade it's like a nude but like on
my list but the shade you guys know what
I mean actually a lot of you guys have
been asking me about the lip tint that I
use
and then of course I have lip balm with
me so this is from Vaseline and I got
this from the states but I'm sure you
can get this here in the Philippines so
this is the rosy lips one okay I just
need a lip balm everyday I need to apply
in the bottle every day just because
and chapped and nasty so and then I
always like to bring a toothbrush and a
toothpaste with me whenever we go out
just because you know the super lucky
fresh breath then of a pocket ops
numbing comma n so yeah I just have
these in my key K kit and the last thing
in my cake I get is my hairbrush and you
guys know me I like bring hair brushes
from hotels what's new and this is an
essential for me just because 99.99
percent of the time my hair doesn't
cooperate with me so that's kind of sad
so yeah this is a must-have and the last
two things in my bag are mint and so
this is from Bath & Body Works and the
scent cherry champagne toast so yeah
that is it for this what is in my first
video if you guys like this video make
sure to give it a big thumbs up and make
sure to subscribe to be part of the hash
tag below fam and to get notified
whenever I post a new video I'll see you
guys in my next one and don't forget
your that smell amazing
bye
you
