hey that's right it's Bella today is
vlogmas day 25 which means it's it's
Christmas very Merry Christmas to all of
you guys I hope you guys had fun
spending time with your family and loved
ones okay for vlogmas day 25 but i don't
be doing my what I got for Christmas
video
this is actually my part doing because I
already did a Christmas haul boom on a
thong cough cough from my school from my
classmates so if you haven't watched
part 1 the link will be down below and
guys by the way sorry for my voice I am
still kind of sick but I'm getting
better now okay so the gifts that I will
be showing you guys today are the ones
that I received from my family and my
relatives also brands so yeah let's
start off with a brand first
okay first is from soul attack okay
first is this yes I needed more makeup
wipes so they sent me this sonic thermal
science hydration makeup remover
cleansing facial wipes with active skin
hydrator so this can also hydrate my
skin next is a best seller tech dual CC
matte powder with SPF 30 and I haven't
actually tried on solid tech makeup
before so I'm really excited to try this
out so yeah it looks like this next is
this Celotex advanced anti-aging
supinating night cream next
you wash yes this is the Seleucid
hydration facial wash with an M F which
is the natural moisturizing factor this
24-hour photo-ready Matt rhymers next is
the sulla tech Sun care matte
moisturizer
ooh I haven't actually tried a matte
moisturizers before that's all that also
sent me their hydration facial
moisturizer and lastly from solid back
is there 24 hours while you miser
mascara but they all talk about mascara
Paula thank you so much Celotex let us
move on to sleep makeup and they sent me
some liquid lipsticks so they sent me
for Matt me ultra smooth matte lip
creams so this one is in the shade
chocolate meringue he is a look crush
roasted almond and cinnamon spice and I
think this is gonna be my favorite thank
you so much sleek makeup okay this next
package is a pretty big one so this is
from Maybelline and they sent me guys
the gigi hadid
Maybelline New York collaboration so
when you open it it looks like this so
this is the jetsetter makeup palette I
have been wanting to open this guy's
it's so pretty it has like this
holographic design so when you open it
it looks like this so it has a blush
bronzer and a highlight also in mascara
right here and then for eyeshadows then
it also comes with two brushes and
Fugazi layers and tulip moans so this
jetsetter palette it's perfect for
traveling since of Hannah's competin and
I'm gonna meet oh let's unzip the second
layer though guys these are the East
Coast glam makeup so here there are two
BB cushions so this one is in natural
while this one is in fair has it open
the natural look how cute the packaging
is guys so when you open it there it has
a cushion and there's the problem and I
haven't actually tested this yet can we
come to where you guys fit oh I also got
this technic primer in the shade
light/medium then it also comes with
these on eye contour palette so it's
basically eye shadow so yeah this one is
the warm palette it looks like this and
the cool palette looks like this they
also sent me this liquid liner and guys
I still have to learn on how to use
liquid eyeliner because guys it's so
hard and I've heard a lot of good things
about this liquid eyeliners because guys
look at the tip okay I'm gonna practice
later on next is this gigi hadid on
mascara and it's dual ended so this and
has like fibers and then of course the
other one is as the mascara then these
two are ooh eyebrow pencils so this one
is in the shade of brown now let's move
on to the lipsticks from the East Coast
collection so this one is in the shade
Aryan Parra and makalah then lastly from
the question are these lip liners these
are of the same shade stamp of the Samoa
lipsticks now let's move on to the west
coast election there it looks like this
so it came with this tinted primer in
the shade medium deep then two eye
shadow palette so this one is the cool
one while this one is the one one then
these three lipsticks are interest rates
Laney or Lani I'm not sure Austin and
cares and lastly from the west coast
collection are these of lip liners and
shades versus shame
Lani and care thank you so much
Maybelline and lastly from a brand so
this is from Huawei make sense
a huge basket of goodies and they
actually send em up as well so thank you
so much wrong way so I came with this
rigatoni on pasta
oh so wine there are also some biscuits
right here also this tomato sauce and a
lot yes now let's move on to the gifts
that my family and relatives gave me
okay before I start I just want to tell
you guys that you can give something up
there and salmon on your trip to Korea
so yeah just to put it out there oh yeah
thank you so much mom and dad for giving
us a trip to Korea but no Kris Kringle
of my dad got me for Manito manisa so he
gave me this night box and it says don't
forget to be awesome today
and then from ki that she believed she
got me these note cards that are
actually personalized so inside the no
boat cards I'm not the new Polanco so I
don't have to write my name but guys
look how cute these note cards are like
this one says for you
I hope I'm saying that this one has like
this cute patterns and this one says
hello
I was wondering about Rosie
next is from ISA that me and she knows
me so well so she got me some stationery
so this one is a cute notebook and you
guys know that I love cute notebooks and
she also got me this instead that has
this to do this also this pencil also
some clips sharpener eraser paper clips
and this notepad and then from my
grandma
aka mama she got me this bath and
Bodyworks Sweet Pea deep cleansing hand
soap and I love hand soaps from Bath &
Body Works and she also got me this you
so sexy fragrance mist thank you so much
mama so yeah that is everything that I
got for Christmas and of course I want
you guys to receive something for
Christmas so I'll be giving away this
Huawei no but - I talk I do have a tank
of Natal I'm sorry because it's already
open but that's because of in updates no
away your phone button on you know when
you receive it you don't have to update
it for this no but - I is in the color
blue so here are the mechanics - in this
giveaway follow me on instagram as that
follow whitey and of course follow away
as well at Huawei mobile pH then you
have to like my facebook page and also
huawei's Facebook page the links will be
down below then you have to share this
video on Facebook and comment down below
how you found my channel and what made
you subscribe to be part of the hashtag
Bella ban together and their Instagram
user
and Facebook's names this giveaway will
end on this date and the winners will be
announced on the comments section of
this video so I'll be pinning it so it
would be easier to see and guys if you
don't when don't worry you because
Huawei has an ongoing Christmas promo
until Jack are you fourteen so there
will be price discounts and freebies so
if you're interested the link will be
down below so yeah that is it for love
but stay 25 I hope you guys liked my
vlogmas even though I didn't vlog every
single day but at least I did half of
vlogmas if you guys liked this video
make sure to give it a big thumbs up and
make sure to subscribe to be part of the
hashtag Bella fam and to get notified
whenever I post a new video I'll see you
guys in my next one
and don't forget yours as well amazing
bye
