hey that's right it's vallah today is
vlogmas day 17 and i just woke up like
30 minutes ago I woke up around 2:30
a.m. so I just had 2 hours of sleep
since I slept like totally and because I
I've been vlogmas day 14 part dude I'm
just gonna get ready right now
maybe cancion psi bug problem phenomenon
below Heidelberg school and our flight
is wait I need a murder our flight is 7
a.m. so we're gonna leave around 4:00 so
new bus because it's gonna be super cold
in Korea and I'm not used to that like
so Brummel I may be in the home so good
luck to me and if you guys still did not
know I'll be going to Korea with a
Bellaire squad so when we get to Korea
random and coming plans will just it's
it's a free day for us so Oakley knew
what they would knock me around the area
so good around me on dog
my eyes are so so that is it for now
oh man oh my
hey guys I just changed my top to a
fleas and not as everyone that they know
I'm the bottom i'm matt baume but the
therm us about the eyes if we get the
Haryana cause it's gonna be so hot and I
already put my thermals and guys I'm
scrolling through the comments right now
that's a spicy noodle challenge now men
and a lot of you guys think of that
where it causes like the weather squad
but no for family friends so yeah just
put it out there so guys here's my OOTD
my fleece is from Uniqlo and then I'm
wearing my pads from Zara and my shoes
are I like the lighting here though and
my camera is kind of broken cuz like the
screw is lost so measurement when I own
um you mind there you go but I hope that
it doesn't break sorry Gasca is now a
successful your travel blog
immigration will be looking for
somewhere to eat I want to get that
Drummond Aggie craving for Amon
hi dad hello hi kid
okay so bronica guys committed baggage
I'm past 30 minutes at dominant side
that's why we only have 30 minutes left
before birthday
right
here
so we just landed here in Korea and the
moment that we stepped out of the
airplane it was so cool there's Angela
it's cool
so after immigration and after we get
all of our packages we'll put on our
thermal so nominee Gomez no analyst in
Seattle yeah also the boiler squad and
this is the only ones left
we are now fully dressed before Korea
and it's super gold guys like people
become Canyon Asador I mean mom is
currently you're renting on mobile Wi-Fi
so that we'll have Wi-Fi anywhere we go
Hey Animal Farm in yoga is Vishal Pato
before guys we're on our way to our
hotel we're gonna be staying at Metro
would our hotel is located in beyond on
sites near the stores and in not know
there are a lot of beauty and skincare
it's cold guys there's incited to go
around Jian dong and there's other books
and I said Union oh there's ice guys
what when is it gonna snow made it to
are you maybe got on damning bed so I
left there doing first because I'm gonna
go to a yeah because no Starbucks travel
with together with the others hmm ground
where's the cup
okay I'm back in the room night time for
a hotel room tour so this is how it
looks like when you walk in here's a
mirror and then right here you have some
tea and then here's a phone that we can
use to call the Philippines and it's
free of charge and it also has Wi-Fi but
they pull atomic hotspot mommy
yeah and then here are some bugs a cat
or some water bottles and then right
here
it's the restroom let's see the toilet
oh it has buttons and jello all the time
it has buttons no I found girling over a
toilet guys if you know what that meat
has the best kind of toilet one yeah
here's the rear and there are some
towels right here two sinks and then
there's a bathtub and then over here
watch your step there's a desk with a
mirror and then right here there are
three beds at the ice I'm craving for
ramen but they only have food on
I like the noodles more first meal in
Korea 1/2 number 5 happen it's time to
eat and guys so Bromley it no Connie
it's also an onion so I ordered on pork
cutlet actually Hachi come in yet idea
yeah it's supposed to be like this day
we are done eating and if it was good
actually the burner spot is still eating
is there but we have to leave because
there were a lot of customers going in
the restaurant was kind of small so
you're limited on you mom tables so
you'll have to be
guys none I'm gonna your ice cream but
family can join because it's super cold
right now we are gonna buy a lot stro
masks and this one was just so blown
away guys I can't take it okay automate
the video power make-up stars Cleo
vanilla Co beautiful purse cool
what else don't you move
and yonder there are also a lot of
street food we want to eat but we just
can't take off our gloves because our
hands are so cold and I can't even feel
my hands right now
Sampson Obama and all Street they don't
know you can be on your crep all of a
sudden I just got so excited
so I just went and Uniqlo not to buy
anything but part of a great Islam
because either heat your small stores
buddy that's a street
so we are going to get so guys you might
be wondering why we're not with the
brothers who are right now passing ions
or PDL ornaments Opa Opa Opa Locka
shopping a possible Islamic City
tournament so the move day because our
mother
the struggle is real so we are going in
and slow Co because I want to buy it
there but sealer also the perils of it
got out of a very perilous peripera
that is it for my skincare routine now
I'm just going to get ready and at maybe
I'll edit later on
so mom actually bought strawberries and
she tasted it and yeah it's already
washed and it's super sweet though
because I haven't tried a strawberry now
so blonde Sarah
well yeah it's me compared to other
strawberries that I've tasted by the way
I'm editing on the one benefit pyjama
party because I haven't started editing
it yet
