pay you that's right it's valid today as
a bloodless stage 16 and it is currently
8:20 a.m. my agenda for today is I'll be
having a pajama party at Benefit
Cosmetics on Robinson's Magnolia my call
time is 1 p.m. but it's gonna start at 2
p.m. then it's gonna last until 5 p.m.
so after that we might go to the YouTube
year-end party and tomorrow tomorrow
we're gonna wake early because I'm just
didn't write this time
Hey I'm in my PJs now so this is my OCD
imagine walking in the mall wearing
pajamas so I got my pajama set at Marks
& Spencer it's not focused why is it not
focus there you go
and then I'm wearing on the these
slippers from I don't know so yeah
that's my Oh TV's so comfy whoo we're on
our way to Robinson's Magnolia
I am in my PJs
like everyone right now
I made it to Benefit Cosmetics and I'm
in the workshop area and no one's still
here yet so I'm waiting for my bottle of
time to arrive and I'm gonna give you
guys a little tour of the room so on you
address the room you'll see this and it
says Bella and there's earring light
right here that we will use later on to
take pictures and then right here there
are a lot of loot bags for my fellow fam
and then there are some stools right
here and then here there's like a DIY
Ford I actually haven't made a Ford
before this one
this is the California blush but it's a
pillowcase flippers
these are bedroom slippers so cute but I
didn't wear these when I was walking
outside I should have worn my ones you
guys we would be twinning and there's
Nina check her channel out was your
channel hey pizza
my name is Juliana Juliana cave
yeah
Hey
the pajama party is now it done now I'm
just walking my PJs and my huge bedroom
slippers I can already feel everyone
judging me you guys like okay where is
anyone plus we have an early flight
tomorrow at 7 a.m. so we have to make a
play before a.m. or something like that
so before I get dressed I'm gonna give
you guys a halt because benefit gave me
a Christmas gift also some of my Belfast
so ok before I show you guys the stuff
that we bail fam gave me I will be
unboxing this package that on the rocks
sent me so let's open it up yeah there
you go when you open it it looks like
this whoa huge basin mu 1 and 5 5 there
on guys expect some additional markers
the culprit their packaging is for
Christmas thank you so much tumbler on
ok now let's move on to the gifts not my
Bella Pam gave me so this one is from
Francine Lauren and she gave me this
adorable ceramic mug and it also came
with chocolate these are pieces so thank
you so much Francine next next next is
Tina and she open up of Ambati Hanina
he's ten years old and she has a YouTube
channel is more chocolate this is not
mine
for a picture snowman and she also gave
me a letter
thank you so much Mina next guys this
chocolate also this one yeah this is
chocolate and also a letter so this is
from hey it's Lexie thank you so much
next is from gathered this from Vanessa
she gave me this headband that you use
for your skincare or whenever you're
doing your makeup
also this choco and caramel Mars and
caramel and biscuit thank you so much
Vanessa and last is this one there's no
but one of my mouth I'm give me this
face roller from mini saw so thank you
so much miss Tasha from benefit gave me
this I pass and she came from Spain so
if you consider from Mia and from
benefit they gave me a Christmas gift
which is really sweet of them they gave
me this city life party nights kit so it
comes with this very Oh double the lip
lipstick in the shade
dude scandal then it also comes with
this dandelion highlighter and I still
don't have this so it also comes with
this their real mascara and this
precisely my brow pencil
thank you so much Benefit Cosmetics for
this game and of course for who is
saying my pajama party oh yeah that is
it for the hall now I'm gonna remove my
makeup after this I'm still gonna end it
hopefully I'll be able to put it up
tonight
start removing my makeup now I need to
dress up and I'll start editing
