hey that's right it's Bella today is a
blog mistake 15 and this is gonna be my
party too if you haven't watched part 1
the link will be down below but our
agenda for today is I will be meeting up
with a Polaris squad
we are currently looking for spicy
noodles you will somehow know two times
because I've tried the like normal one
so now about dial I wonder what our
problem is I think the store is closed
it's currently with my 106 p.m. so
please don't start but I'm undoing this
oh wait no it's open
yeah we're only gonna buy two because
well you already have one right here so
sorry Natalie I know of another young
two packs are men since we're only five
thousand so spies nudists names
eh-eh Van Hollen and July so don't come
here by mana not spicy noodles I only
got one and guys I also brought milk
just in case because I'm sure in the my
in anomic don't know who yeah because
he's gonna be sauce hi Angelo good
morning in Japanese so we're waiting for
the Miller squad we're actually here
already
just chillin it's so cold outside but
it's also hot
so I'm joined with the boiler squad and
then see it ended in so we're gonna do
the spicy noodle challenge this time
student I'm to my steps for
Sabbatini yeah I know thumbs up
ha ha
war movie so NASA Jim coming on you and
you got water
Nikita yeah
coyopa is a possible we brought you guys
so out there noble squad I finished mine
not really because you may be instant
it's an eyebrow it's also a good one on
the money so we're gonna go somewhere
this December and we're gonna go through
even yo I'm gonna make my son
my son hey guys up big time it is 11:15
p.m. and I just um finished uploading
loveless day 15 part 1 so yeah I really
need to sleep now because tomorrow we
will be leaving early since I have an
event for benefit so yeah I need your
rest
but I just want to tell you guys again
that I will be going to Korea with the
Butler squad so stay tuned for travel
vlogs when I uploaded my winter clothing
haul which will be linked down below or
somewhere subscreen some of you on guest
now Korea I may point them but some of
you guys said u.s. Alaska um places like
that so yeah but we're gonna go through
yeah oh and by the way guys I'm gonna
announce the giveaway winners so the
Starbucks planner winner is Alessandra
Gabrielle Gaia's here is her username so
I'll be I'll be direct messaging all the
winners on Instagram so make sure to
check your DMS then the Divisoria
winners are Juliana Tsubasa hey I hope
I'm pronouncing that right and Clara
Gayle Kyla moving on to the National
Bookstore winners the first winner is
mark Joshua Vicente the second winner is
Luis Bhavani third winner is Lana
Alexis people and Tino and the fourth
winner is Sanibel Palazzo so
congratulations everyone for winning and
if you does not mean don't worry because
guys I still have a lot of good way is
in store for you so I hope you guys like
this video like comment and subscribe to
be part of
hashtag Bella fam that's what we call
our beautiful family and I'll see you
guys in my next vlog mess and don't
forget your that smell amazing bye
