I obviously haven't updated this for a
while so today is December 12 Thanks
that's better
hey that's right at the fallout today is
vlogmas day 12 and I just got home today
you last day of exams naumann and then
we went to the mall after I went with my
friends and I didn't mean to vlog
because I'm I was so low bad
so yeah I'm also super sleepy so yeah
but anyway I'm gonna change it to a few
days now
hey guys so I just woke up from a nap
and I don't really know what I'm gonna
do for this vlog must like where a blog
must be 12
oh wait I'm hunter on my hands oh wait
yeah that is why I can't vlog everyday
because I don't have any content I can
edit every day I post every day but I
just don't have any content but this
week I have a lot of plans like every
day I have like something to do like
tomorrow I mean tomorrow I don't have
any plans for tomorrow because tomorrow
is a school day and I know exams are
done but tomorrow is our completion day
so yeah but after school I'll be filming
a pure unboxing haul I know I've been
posting like hauls a lot of hauls
recently I'm so sorry but I still hope
that you guys like my videos oh wait I
think I already explained my schedule
that's the last video ho so yeah just
check that video out so yeah I'll be
very busy this week also next week
so that just means my damming vlogmas oh
my god because you know I have some
plans finally so I decided to ask some
questions on Twitter I'll be I'll be
doing a Q&A and then later on I'll be
opening my alcanza or piggy bank because
it's about time because sobre la luna i
can show how i need to open it since i
start saving in January and then I
opened my eleganza in December so yeah
gonna ding Camilla hat like shangela
Antonia
don't come in again actually in the punk
econia before insert clip how do things
money for Christmas gifts
well actually saved money I like
we have change but set me up change from
my allowance you put them in our piggy
banks and then we use a knife what's up
cut the piggy bank in December never how
we buy by January and then you have to
do it until December so yeah moving on I
think I should start the Q&A okay let me
get my phone okay so let's start the Q&A
tip spiders of Mohammed on me acne final
math on gun naturally drink lots of
water and then get and not sleep like
guys I know some of you pull an
all-nighter but I've never done that
before
just because sleep is life also don't
forget to cleanse your face every day
and if you wear makeup make sure to give
your skinniness what is your favorite
Starbucks drink mine is at the moment Oh
peanut cream but no way that's my
favorite like favorite favorite
Starbucks drink but sadly it's only
available during Christmas time
Bhanumati Langevin Mina Holland Peggy
Miranda mocha Angus tonin lahat I'm a
boutique ignore my skin tone that really
bothered me like before I had a darker
skin tone like also to the insert
picture what is the essence of Christmas
for you um for me I think it's love just
because you know journey the Christmas
season you have to really prioritize
making time for others well not guiding
Needleman Christmasy I think that might
be Curacao season you always have to
make time for others like your loved
ones like your family your friends and
your relative what is your favorite
Christmas tradition well for me it's
simple gabay because you know Jesus is
the reason for the season
I know childhood memories more than he
knew MoMA Hammoud and every Christmas I
only have a funny memory like before
when we were kids it's not about me by
the way it's about Angela because he
received a book for Christmas
but he doesn't like books so he was
pretty sad about it but guys we were
still kids back at that ok ok so that is
it for this Q&A I know it's kind of
short I only answered like us and 10
questions but it's okay because I will
be answering the most frequently asked
question which is how much money do I
earn on YouTube and how do I save as a
student or a youtuber so this is my
al-khansa and I actually got this from
one of my Bella fam so thank you so much
and now I'm about to open it because
guys it's super happy now plus it's like
fall you can see like this is 20 pesos
are like 50 pesos I'm not sure okay let
me get a kind open hurry Oh quick okay
so I got my cat opener
Oh guys if you do this at home be
careful you must not mother go I don't
want you guys here
so guys like what I said a while ago I
start saving in January and then I saved
at least half of my allowance and then
put it in my piggy bank so that's how I
save as a student but as a YouTube where
I earn money because of views and the
ads it's not about the subscribers it's
not about the likes also the comments
because most of you guys think that it's
about the subscribers like my class some
of my classmates asked me about how I
earned some YouTube money so yeah that's
the answer so guys the more you see ads
in a video the more the youtuber is
gaining friends if you guys know what I
mean but guys we are not the ones who
put ads in our videos so please don't
get mad if you keep on ads other videos
oh and I almost forgot that we also make
money from sponsors like partnerships so
yeah that's how you're gonna just wanna
tell you guys how important saving is
because of course we want to save for
our future like for example of college
because somehow we also want to help our
parents with our tuition because you
know college can be like super banal and
also say we can also help us when it
comes to our needs and wants oh yeah
saving is very important so I encourage
you guys to get your own piggy bank and
start saving now so I think I have to
end the blog it is firstly 9:33 p.m. so
I have this way I put it
because I still have school tomorrow so
I hope you guys like this video if you
did make sure
with a big thumbs up and make sure to
subscribe to be part of the hashtag
Bella found and to get no return without
right post a new video I'll see you guys
in my next one and don't forget your
that's ball amazing bye
