hey that's right it's vallah today is
vlogmas day seven and I'm so sorry
because I skipped vlogmas day three four
five six
yeah but how can you say I'm back I
actually just got home from school so
I'm gonna take a rest but later on I'll
be giving you guys a haul a wintery
clothing haul since we are going
somewhere this December so I'm pretty
stoked for that so I'm Valentina no
Mahamaya and I'm sorry I look so Haggard
and I have a lot of pimples you guys can
notice right there right here one right
here to do bubala other right here like
why am I breaking out and guys today is
Thursday that means that there will be a
new episode of every day later on 5 p.m.
so if you have watched Riverdale comment
down below your thoughts also stranger
things I love stranger things so much I
can't wait for season 3 okay guys like
what I said a while ago my family and I
will be traveling to somewhere called
this December so that is why we decided
to go winter clothes shopping
well actually we already have winter
clothes because that's a poem in Japan
Papa's Malevich didn't sign they on so
never majority no clothes Indiana
Machado clashes happen
okay let's start up with Zara it's a
pink mobile jacket like guys look how
cute the color is have a son of so brown
gang the non-material guys so yeah this
is how it looks like inside and guys
look at the material of this so song
comes on when you wear it there ganancia
now it's so hot and this all looks like
and when you wear it you have this zip
it there you go
but now I'm gonna take this on because
it's so on and by the way guys ba ba ho
to annoy I want a lot
because you know show you coming me out
there because that's how sisters row
since how does parental someone coming
out sighs Mia Tavia but much but Abajo
actually well you know a peninsula Nia
so the next jacket that I got is another
bubble jacket it's like the other ones
that I showed a while ago but this time
it's in black so yeah but yeah I got
this and then the next one and another
black jacket because you know you can
never go wrong with black clothing and
guys me but okay and on Jam head
make sure my pop I'd burn up on your
epic nanano new hands no you can put it
right here some pocket this jacket is
different from the two that I showed you
guys a while ago because guys look how
cute it has this prayer right here
suppose all that long huh so it has a
zipper right here also right here is the
other side what I actually want to wear
this for the thumbnail so yeah it also
has buttons right here the long zipper
oliver super cute now let us move on to
Sarah Nova I bought a lot of beanies
scarves and also jackets so I got
another bubble jacket but this time it's
in a white better when I should only
fire on my setup numbers in your video
but it's okay
Thomson it also has a zipper right here
that was perfection
I got another bubble jacket in black and
again when action oh very material right
here so see and it also has pockets in
science now let us move on to the
beanies and guys look how cute these
beanies our I got for one in white thing
blue navy blue actually and and it
gotten a material yeah I'm your master
out there the Byram knitted ganancia de
box it has
many people next number is your math
scarf and guys if you can only feel this
right now oh my gosh so get the shy it
looks like this it's not like your
typical scar but get some I see you on
do like this and then like that stop was
a drop-lid
never it's so cute I got one is white
pink and black I'm not actually a big
fan of scarves because I'm a half in it
there and sometimes muckety-muck at the
densha but you know you gotta do it for
the OTD
but we really need a scarf then support
on an immense it's super love McDonough
I mean as of right now non negative one
dawn so wish me luck that is everything
from peridot but now let's move on to
forever 21 and if you have watched my
recent video on your Christmas shopping
hall featuring national bookstore and
I'm in a comment about my sweater like
mr. dominating sweaters and company and
guys I got it from forever 21 I got
three sweaters because if you have
watched my Christmas videos last year
you guys would notice that I always do
bear in Christmas sweater whenever I'm
filming like Christmas related videos so
anyway I got some Christmas sweaters
let's start off with this one so it's
color green and pass Santa over here and
a reindeer yeah yeah yeah they're
supposed Oh cute no one knows it's
sparkly that's neat oh that's my hat now
signed on my fur ball and then there are
also snowflakes over here that was Ned
Yost return at all so yeah I got this
and you will see not Cano gets a
shopping haul it's not with me right now
since now so to buy lunch and lastly I
got this red knitted sweater and guys
look how you it cuz my penguin tapas
he's dressed as a christmas tree which
is really cool but never sunglasses show
guys and guys my Boston plan and AHA
attached in sweater so coupon oh you
Musa al-salaam
next is candy bar use but I only
one thing from here and I got this scar
once again and it's like this music pink
color and last store is Uniqlo of forest
can you forget about unique oh so unique
for your mama banana quite good with
thermal we're so actually cause the lamp
si but let me clear malware see mom so
fashion among young salmon yada
so Montilla infinitely Naaman so I got
myself a pair of ultra warm heat pack
leggings because you know I need to keep
my legs water this is a turtleneck so
yeah this looks like so it's a imperil
orange not color Bermudan orange sorry
if you can hear like background noise
and clubs are either there's
construction going on outside so
so I got one in orange with his orange
and this like pastel yellow yeah
once again my turtleneck sha and then
long sleeves and I also got one in black
and gray and again I come in as a diesel
and that's me from Uniqlo I got a pair
of gloves and I thought I owned by the
committed some phone as a most loves
mouthwash a cell phone
like in the moment attache phone more so
that's like a struggle or a hassle
passing you know if you're traveling you
always take pictures so talking alone
but I'm gonna move love snow Pokemon so
I'm reading lashes the phone and I got
it in the size media and it's called the
heat pack knitted gloves oh my by the
way guys I almost forgot I also bought a
pair of the M so this is how it looks
like this is the box then so this pair
is called youth on it's your lightweight
type of boots because you Yvonne DM when
we got shoppin so it's more like a
third-years UVM's
maybe got separa so I decided to get the
lightweight one this is how it looks
like and I got the black one so that it
would match a lot of my outfits because
you know you can never go wrong with
black shoes actually I'm a cancer then
you read natasha Lyonne VA Machado match
similar outfits Co so that keeps my
winter clothing haul I hope you guys
enjoyed but now I'm just gonna what
should I do
I think I'm gonna chill for a bit
because I'm so dying it's like I gotta
go to school to see last subject nah man
we had a quiz stocked up so Bravo no
quiz make ma 40 items so a little bit
drained that was tomorrow we don't have
classes tomorrow's Friday that was to
Saturday and Sunday stops tomorrow with
then I'm gonna study for my exams
because exam because I'm in next week so
that's fun pretty on Monday and Tuesday
exams nah man and then Thursday
Christmas party de nom and so super
excited and then the following day I
think I don't have any plans just yet I
might meet up with the polar squad I'm
not sure yet because we want to do the
spicy noodle challenge and then December
16 I will be having a slumber party or
like a pajama party is a Benefit
Cosmetics Magnolia robinson's Magnolias
if you guys wanna go just go to my
Instagram for the mechanics that was
after no slumber party I was supposed to
go to the year-end party of YouTube but
I think I can't make it since some room
above agua now because the following day
we're gonna be traveling already ideas
so I have a really busy schedule at the
moment but it's gonna be so exciting
guys finally Christmas vacation so right
now I'm just gonna clean my mess oh my
gosh this is the aftermath
whenever you film a haul video like if
you're on YouTube where you guys would
know the struggle face you're gonna say
like perform sense but but Batman
incoming so yeah we're actually packing
in this week and I think
okay guys I'm done cleaning now I'm
gonna take a bath or take a shower since
you know I came from school so I'll see
you guys later
hi guys I'm done showering and if you
guys are wondering yes I'm having my
challenge own good t-shirt because I
worn this Emily it all looks cool blogs
are like three blogs already and a lot
of you guys were asking if I was running
a real smirch and yes I am because we
want a lot of drama chongo t-shirts the
support will actually on the whole
family has one so yeah I like writing
this because it's oversized because it's
super comfortable to wear so yeah okay
excuse my hair there I think that's
better but important it is so big but
now I'm just gonna do my skincare
routine
well actually I already did my skincare
routine I'm just gonna put a mask on I'm
on I'm on campus go like right there
right there like it's my first time to
have a pimple right here also right here
what's the most of the time supportive
Elega so guys this is the one that I use
it's a Petri oil on face mask so I'm
gonna put this on real quick
there I'm done
so yeah I'm done and so awkward to vlog
when you have the face mask on like hi
I'm Shrek it's time to watch everyday
okay guys I'm already done watching
Riverdale and I already removed my mask
okay I can see it before I end a vlog of
course there will be a giveaway so wait
let me get the prices real quick oh it's
actually here so there will be who
enters for this giveaway one boy and
then one girl so for the girls one of
you will be winning this les portes a
comp out she can use it this either kick
a kick or like your pencil case it's up
to you and then for the guys one of you
will be winning is this a diva's um what
do you call this drawstring bag so yeah
it looks like this so here are the
mechanics to win this giveaway subscribe
to my channel that's Bella follow me on
Instagram Twitter and like my Facebook
page all the links will be down below
then you have to share this video on
your Facebook account and make sure to
set it on public and comment down below
your favorite Christmas memory together
with your facebook name and instagram
username so yeah that is it for vlogmas
day 7 I hope you guys liked it and I
don't know if this is all this is gonna
be short or not but I really have to
edit this vlog already so that I can
already post it make sure to LIKE
comment and subscribe to be part of the
hashtag Bella pfaff that is what we call
our beautiful family and yeah see you
guys in my next video and don't forget
your that's bull amazing
bye
