guys look how cute their basket is today
is vlogmas day two and apparently in the
mostarda with my wallet i decided to tag
along because I don't have any fun today
brought some goodies from any pay type
check it is 30 km and hear about the SSI
and Winona LaDuke working guys
once and boyfriend activation frequently
at facility OB and I found some tassel
earrings also liked those furballs guys
I finally found led getting that Mahina
hang up sober so my position
so guys if you're looking for makeup
brushes go to glad game and amadito and
good quality silicates on softer brushes
nila also their Beauty blenders they all
can do have on young generic lon
guys are they also have on unicorn and
mermaid brushes I actually got two of
this one for a giveaway
we also have Taiwan lashes and I'm not
manipulative Nicholson YouTube and I
haven't actually used mine yet because I
don't know how to use false eyelashes
spare yet on them in their own options
we have like a secret storage up there
okay Thomas Thomas and iodine fall now
we are heading to one six eight
if they open nothing I'm in before from
the first time I went here one six days
longing up one time in so
time check it is 10:30 a.m. so my first
vlogmas should be us right now so we
haven't watched satellite will be down
below
bunch even though it's
he ate breakfast early late master
like very clean
where we're going to eat that
for dinner I'm gonna get
and by the way you guys we're gonna go
to the guitar
don't forget bring lots of echo bags we
brought five we're sending you some
numbers let's eat
hi guys I just got home and it is
currently 5:12 p.m. and I took a bath
I'll be showing you guys later what I
got from deep Astoria but I'll just take
a rest because supper on the pocket
about like on the way here I slept like
the whole trip okay I am back and it is
time for a little story of hall and I
just wanna apologize since continue on
the villa Ko so continue on the new map
a polytomous a new I only bought like
three items stop asking about the rest
it's for the giveaway because to be
honest no first time component aside
Divisoria I'm Tommy cool novel a but
contained on Yamagami Co talaga so this
time I decided not be but he's cool I
own telegram that could meet him course
so I went to glad king this is not
sponsored but when I'm kissing up with
the veto because they sell like makeup
kits and two O's so I got a Beauty
Blender and I only bought from generic
ones and I got this for 100 pesos so I
got color pink now shop so a nominal
quality Nia it's not too hard it's also
not too soft so that's
I bought one because at the moment I
don't own a heavy beauty blender I only
use my brushes to blend my foundation
and my concealer
pero it's kind of streaky sometimes and
then I got this mermaid brush it's a
highlighter brush because I don't own
any I like your brush
I mean like a fan brush I have this one
wait Ventura it's a tapered highlighter
brush from Sigma so I wanted up that
brush so I decided to get this it's so
cute like look at the colors and guys so
brown soft no bristles like you
imagining man code any mob grandes para
no unite the cushions Nicholson a
Benelli perso Brown sovereign and a
heart and I got this one for 100 lastly
I got users and getting on with the for
your false eyelashes so it will be
easier to apply oh and I almost forgot
Ramona the value of a guy and you know
I'll be right back and I am back so we
got caramel tart and then play hockey on
the manga flavored I don't really eat
popular but my dad stopped yeah so we
also got popular Google Play you world
oh wait we actually got Warner different
decoy and I always get the original one
you want keep going why cuz you by my
crib are permissible so yeah that is it
for my biggest story aha so yeah I got
this now it's time for the giveaway but
this time there will be two winners
so assume you will be winning this magic
pouch I don't really know why it's
called a magic pouch like didn't open
sales baby didn't yawn um so yeah it's
called O Matic pout and it's color black
so yeah you can use this as your pencil
case or a makeup bag and then you will
also be winning this Beauty Blender and
lastly you'll be winning a set of
eyeshadow brushes so I know shut up goal
stop with mermaid mermaid brushes that
was pink and white yawn bristles Nia and
guys do some almond and a load on
giveaway don't forget to clean your
brushes before using them okay okay here
are the rules enter the giveaway first
you have to subscribe to my channel
that's Bella follow me on instagram
twitter and like my facebook page all
the links will be down below then you
have to share this video on facebook and
comment down below what you look forward
to this christmas together with your IG
name and facebook name this giveaway
will end on this date and the winners
will be announced on my vlogmas and the
description box
no video not off oh god finally you'll
have to hurt me so guys I think I'm
gonna end the vlog here since I'm very
tired and I need to add in to vlog so
yeah after this clip I'll be editing so
I hope you guys liked this video if you
did make sure to give it a big thumbs up
and make sure to subscribe to be part of
the hashtag Bella fam and to get
notified whenever I post a new video
I'll see you guys in my next vlog mess
and don't forget your that's both
amazing bye
