hey that's right it's Bella today is
October 22 and I am in Bacolod for the
mascara festival anyway I'm wearing my
Chong and chongo t-shirt I'm su will
please come back soon so I am about
eating breakfast and I got Hornby and
girly
so we just had breakfast and we actually
arrived here yesterday I mean last night
we arrived in the hotel around 10:00 or
11:00 so yeah magical yet but it's okay
and I'm actually in Bacolod because of
Huawei Thank You Iowa for bringing me to
Bakala it's actually my first time here
oh and sorry if you guys can see the
mess in the background I'm also sorry I
block in this spot because it has good
lighting because I'm in front of the
window hey guys the parade is gonna
happen here so I'm gonna go there later
on it hey guys we're at Bella's channel
whoa finally I'm here and this is Tommy
that's at yah yah yah hey Bella it was
nice working with you and Melissa Slayer
we're now here at the ruins and just
shot something for wowing okay we are
now at girlies dubai bus approval yeah
where's the boy Yanis okay
so sweet we are at you exact number 10
and the ordered trim makes scallops and
a lot more
now we are about to head back to the
hotel to freshen up
yeah
now we are heading to hide us to eat
dinner we're gonna eat chicken in a Cell
finally
and the chicken was like even without
Sawyer
right now it's phone well fueled by some
possible and I
so failure you know it has a ticket I
really want to try this VI yeah we are
about to watch the electric mascara
first of all that's why I got this it's
a glow-in-the-dark headband so yes I
guess you can tell I'm super ready for
the festival
check it is 9:50 p.m. and is electric of
mascara parade hasn't started yet
so because of hat we ordered who she's
fries specialty and kalamarez calamari
whatever hey guys so I am here to end a
vlog and sorry this vlog it's kind of
love overdue I'm so sorry but better
late than never right and I wasn't
really able to blog after the last clip
that you guys just saw the one that we
ordered food because after that we just
went to our hotel room and slept because
it was kind of wait I mean no it wasn't
kind of place it was really late at that
time and then can abu hassun you just
went home and by the way it was lovely
meeting some of you guys in Mahalo and
sorry if I wasn't able to host like a
mini me degree because some of you guys
were interesting that because I was
there for wow way so I was quite busy so
I hope you guys understand this and once
again thank you away for bringing me to
Mahalo it was such an amazing experience
not owning a chicken bone hi so good if
you guys liked this video make sure to
give it a big thumbs up and make sure to
subscribe to be part of the hashtag
Balaram and to get notified whenever I
post a new video I'll see you guys
my next one and don't forget your that's
well amazing bye
