hey let's write it's Bella if you're new
to my channel hi my name is Bella I've
been 15 year old Philippine a youtuber
comics beauty and lifestyle videos so
make sure to subscribe to be part of the
hashtag Bella fam last summer our family
went to the US for a vacation and in
case you haven't seen my us blogs yet
I'll put the links down below I did a
haul for that trip and shared with you
guys what I bought in the US and
included in that whole were the ones I
brought with me when we flew back from
LA to Manila but there are some items
that we weren't able to put in our
luggage either because my we got or too
bulky when you travel you have to make
sure that your luggage won't exceed the
weight limit
otherwise you'll be paying for excess
luggage which sucks because it is pricey
that is why the public buying box coming
and finally after almost two months our
boxes have arrived so today I'll be
doing a bollock buying the Box Hoss so
let's just get started
and guys by the way I'm so sorry if you
can hear like background noise that's
because there's construction going on
outside so sorry guys
if you have watched my first ever back
to school haul you would probably
remember this let's go flashback I
always don't have correction tape so I
got the combo correction tape so yeah I
got a set of combo correction tapes and
this set comes with two four six eight
eight Direction tapes and
first school soul and then I also got
the set of sharpened colored pencils and
I got this from Target I believe next
are these cute pencils like guys each
set costs $1 and you guys might be
wondering why I got 5 sets that is
because I can use these for teacher
giveaways are like gifts so it was their
only $1 princess so why not take a lot
and again from Target I got these
notepads and these are $1 each and then
I got this cute 13 pocket expandable
file and I will not use this for school
just because we don't have a lot of
paperwork's already so I might use this
for all the letters you guys give me so
then from H&M I got two pencil cases and
these were on sale so $3 each Menasha
and yeah it's just like pink at the pass
holographic stars on it Oh a joke I got
three and again I can use these for
future giveaways and kids then from
Nordstrom Rack I got this Tory Burch
pouch and I can use the best for my
makeup or like making a kit now let's
move on to makeup and I got a few things
from colour-pop first off I got this
over brunch with the sticks collection
and when you open it comes with a mirror
which pretty handy and it comes with six
lifts
and all of these are mad so these are in
the shapes part period paper
pammi faded rooftop cream and lastly
while only it meant X Mirror Mirror wow
that looks pretty hard to beat next is
this pressed date mini ultra matte lip
collection and these are so few because
they're mini sized this one is in the
shade Sunday bomba fresh cut more better
and Viper and then I got two ultra matte
lip creams in the shades bumble and
Viper and lastly is this loopy sticks in
the shade brink and I love this so much
because it's like a my lips but better
shade and then when we went to Benefit
Cosmetics to get my brows waxed the
saleslady was a Filipina so i was like
oh i'm a Filipina too she gave me a pre
bad back the last makeup relate to
things where this Hall is tada it's
about it dear mayor finally I have one
because if you guys watch my makeup
videos I always use my phone as my
mirror and guys this mirror is so cool
because this side has like five times
magnification and it's kind of creepy
because you can see of your course and
your acne which is kind of nasty but so
close and I got this from Marshalls
now let's move on to the techy stuff so
I got a Sofia and some memory foam
laughs that's so it looks like this
I haven't actually opened
so it's color black oh so happy that is
why we put this in the bank buff and
guys what I like about this is that my
lambo chilly though so it's comfortable
to place on your lap and it comes with a
USB light so it can serve as your lab so
you place it over here but then you have
a we pull up on the phone battery anyway
that looks like this and you just put
your knob up here and so excited to use
this and then I got a cameras analyzer
and I was debating whether to get this
or not but I got it anyway
and I got this from Best Buy so yeah it
looks like this so the amount weights
and this the stabilizer so yeah I still
have to practice using the stabilizer
now let's move on to the random stuff I
got I got this adorable jacket from Zara
and it says awesome at the back oh my
god it still smells like the space next
I got this scented candle from Bath &
Body Works and you guys know
which I love scented candles so I got
this stress relief joy then I got two
packs of film so this one has like the
rainbow design while this one is the
plain one but it contains 20 sheets of
film and then I bought one young big are
from Target so this one is an LED light
box and it says good vibes
next I got this four year old from
Marshalls and I need this for my flat
leaves for me it's a gap so if you guys
have watched my target wall you guys
would probably know that I love cute
mugs so I got this one from Target and
it says hello gorgeous and I also got
two mugs from the Alpha Team now let us
move on to the shoes I got so let's
start off with Banana Republic and I got
two pairs of feels this is how it looks
like and it just has this black strap
over here and I love these so much
because it looks simple but it still
looks classy and then I got another pair
but this time it's in muted I got a pair
of cold hands in brown shoes in white
and this pair will surely match a lot of
my outfits and lastly I got a pair of
Tory Burch slippers in white so that is
it for my bunny my inbox haul if you
guys liked it make sure to give it a big
thumbs up and make sure to subscribe to
be part of the hashtag battle and to get
notified whenever I post a new video
I'll see you guys in my next one
and don't forget here that's well
amazing bye
