hi guys and welcome back today I'm
talking you through how to do this
glossy lid and draped blush makeup look
so let's get started taking the pixie
h2o skin drink I'm just going to apply
this all over my face to add a little
bit of extra hydration before we apply
our makeup following with the pixie glow
shinde jus now this is a super
illuminating primer or that's how I'm
using it today
and it really does shine through the
foundation whole foundation today I'm
using the YSL fusion ink cushion
foundation in the shade 20 and applying
it using my F 22 brush from blunt campus
cosmetics I love this foundation and I
did mention it in my August favorites so
if you'd like more information check the
description box below following with the
table in the shade 1.5 and I'm just
applying this as a slight highlights
just to give me a little bit more and
luminosity onto my skin and I'm using a
combination at the f-22 brush and my
fingers to just blend out that product
to act as a base on my eyes I'm using
the Kat Von D shade and light palette
and just taking the light banana colored
powder now you can use any cream or
light colored powder to do this next I'm
taking the NYX stroke of genius palette
and just taking this bronzy shade and
applying that using the same brush all
over the lid then I'm going back in for
this lighter shade and just applying
that into the center of the lid now to
get the glossy I look we're gonna need
to add something and I'm using the
Elizabeth Arden 8 hour cream if you
don't have this you could use something
like a clear lip gloss or there are
products specifically made for boss in
out there but I'm just gonna go ahead
and apply this all over the lids
straight up until the crease and once
you're happy with that level of gloss
just apply some mascara I'm using the
Maybelline at lash sensational
next we're moving on to brows and I'm
using the pixie clear brow gel to get
that Hollywood brow look so I'm just
gonna brush up into the hairs to get
them go in in the same direction then I
move it onto the NYX micro brow pencil
and I'm just gonna start filling in
those brows to give a little bit of
structure and to conceal the under eye
area and using the NARS radiant creamy
concealer with a touch of the tesha clap
because my NARS concealer is almost run
out and once again I'm just going to
blend that out using my finger followed
by the f-22 brush
and to set my under eye area I'm using
the burn light neutral set colorless
powder before taking a large duo fiber
brush and just applying that all over
the rest of my skin
well blush today we're using the Marc
Jacobs airbrush in the shade
lush and libido now I'm actually going
to be contouring with flush or drape in
in this look today so I'm taking the
darker shade and I'm gonna go ahead and
use that to contour now this is inspired
by the celeb makeup artist away band Z
and this is how he used to use blush in
the 80s and I'm just going to follow
that with the L'Oreal perfect match
highlighter and this is in the shade ice
below it so I'm just applying that right
on the very highest point of my cheeks
my nose Cupid's bow in a corner of my
eyes and also at the crook of my nose by
applying our blush and highlighter in
this way it really does give you that
sculpted boy bandy inspired look and I
think it gives such an amazing editorial
look finish off the eyes with a coat of
mascara on the lower lashes and for
lipstick Emma using the Make Up For Ever
artist Rouge in the shade C 206
now I did notice as soon as I applied
this lipstick it really did bring out
that beautiful pink blush even more and
here is the finished look thank you so
much for watching I really hope you
enjoyed this video and this way bandi
inspired glossy lip look thank you so
much for watching don't forget to
subscribe and I'll see you guys soon bye
