hi guys and welcome back today I'm
showing you how to do this snapchat
galaxy filter inspired makeup look
now I fell in love with this snapchat
filter when I saw it and I just knew
that I had to recreate it don't forget
to subscribe and let's get started
to prep my skin I'm using the pixie h2o
skin drink this is the pure hydration
gel so it'll just give my skin that
extra bit of umph
before we go ahead and start applying
makeup to prime today I'm using the
Smashbox photo finish primer and you may
have heared me talking about this in my
recent August favorites video to dole
down my breakouts and using the Kryolan
derma color dq1 palette so I'm just
taking the end shade which is a slightly
grayish tone shade to just color correct
those areas then I'm gonna go ahead and
use my wire cell cushion foundation
which I absolutely love and I'm applying
that with an Elizabeth Arden brush which
again I absolutely love after I've
applied my foundation I'm going back to
that Kryolan derma color palette and
then I'm going to conceal those
breakouts by doing it in this way you
really do get that flawless finish using
the Smashbox color correcting fix in the
shade light I'm just going to color
correct the under-eye area and just
softly blend out to using my finger
tense to conceal my under eye area I'm
using the rmk super basic liquid
concealer this is a new product for me I
think I got the scent this a couple of
weeks ago and I thought I'd try it out
and so far I'm quite like in it I'll
give you guys my full review in another
video but so far so good
and to set my under eye area I'm using
my favorite powder of all time which is
the Ben Nye neutral set colorless powder
and I'm just applying that using an
iconic London brush
then I'm moving to a larger brush to
just set the rest of my face to set my
brows in place I'm using the photo
finish
lash primer from Smashbox and this stuff
is incredible on the brows and taking
the NYX micro brow pencil I'm just gonna
go ahead and fill in my brows now that
the base is done let's move on to the
main attraction the eyes i'm using the
morphe 35c palettes today and starting
with this light pink shade I'm gonna use
this to just act as a transition color
then I'm moving on to this hot pinky
lilac shade and I'm going to use this in
three different areas mainly
concentration on the outer corner the
inner corner and the lower outer third
of the eye I know that sounds like such
a mouthful in this look you can
basically apply these shades any way you
kind of have to do what works for you
and your eyes shape so I was just using
the filter on my face as a reference
then I applied to this darker purple
shade and I'm gonna go ahead and
intensify that eye so straight into the
crease that lower thirds and also
concentration on the inner corner as
well and this will just add a little bit
more contrast a little bit more depth
next I'm gonna take a clean fluffy brush
and just blend out those edges before
once again going back to that purple
shade and just intensifying the eye once
again I'm also going to drag this shade
slightly down beneath my eye and then
fill in any gaps with the pink taking
this hot pink shade I'm just going to
really intensify that pink once again
because this look is so multi-tonal then
I'm taking this black shade and I'm
gonna start going onto the lid and just
fill in in my lid now you want to take
this shade up to the crease but be very
careful not to go too high because you
don't want to ruin all of your hard work
then I'm taking that purple shade once
it
and just blending out the edges next I'm
gonna take some of this hot orange shirt
and just really intensify and add a
little bit more oomph to that multi
tonal look to get that glittery galaxy
look and using the lit cosmetics night's
life glitter and I'm just gonna go ahead
and apply that using the NYX glitter
glue and I'm using a pixie lip brush I
think today to do this I don't know why
but that's the lip brush or brush that
I've chosen today so I'm gonna go ahead
and apply that glitter then I'm gonna
take the shade goober grape and just
apply some of this lavender glitter on
the under eye area to get that really
intense glow in between the eyes i'm
using the marc jacobs beauty's glow
stick in the shade spotlight so i'm just
gonna warm that up using my finger and
then go ahead and apply that straight
down my nose and into that t-zone area
then i'm gonna set that using the nyx
stroke of genius palette highlighter now
you can just go in straight with a
powder highlighter but i kind of wanted
that cream there just to get a little
bit more intensity taking the NYX
glitter primer I'm just gonna go ahead
and apply that everywhere where I want
my galaxy to be on my face then taking
the lit cosmetics porcelain glitter I'm
just going to apply this just at once
again to intensify that galaxy look
underneath and through the eyeliner and
finally to deepen up that lid a little
bit more I'm taking some of the Kryolan
black polyester glitter just to add a
few specks of black in there for mascara
today i'm using the loreal paris volume
millions lashes and this is the fatale
mascara and i'm really digging this it's
a new one I think and it's just really
good I love it false lashes today I have
the Lily lashes ghalichi glam and these
are the Monaco lashes now that we've
finished up the lips let's take the NYX
white liquid liner and really get our
galaxy on it so first of all I'm just
gonna go ahead and apply some dots of
white liner everywhere where I want that
kind of galaxy mask
act to be with this look you can go at
random you can do clusters you can kind
of do it how you want it the
nerve-wracking bit is really joining up
those dots and again you can do this at
random I was kind of trying to copy the
filter with this bit as in a few
shooting stars here are there as a
couple of constellations probably should
have looked at what constellations
actually looked like this so I was
having fun and just going for it I also
noticed on my filter anyway that I had
these kind of weirds like peace sign bit
so I did a few of those above my brows
and just kind of had fun with it for
lipstick today I'm using the sleek lip
the VIP lipstick in the shade be cut and
this is a really out there bright lilac
lipstick so I'm gonna go ahead and apply
that all over my lips and then take that
goober grape shade and just tap that and
press that onto the lips then taking the
porcelain shout and to act as a little
highlight in the center of the lips I'm
gonna apply a small amount and here's
the finished look my snapchat galaxy
filter inspired look thank you so much
for watching and remember makeup is
supposed to be fun it's okay to try and
wear crazy makeup if that's what you
want to do and that's what makes you
happy thank you so much for watching
don't forget to subscribe I'll see you
guys soon bye
