hi guys and welcome back today I'm
talking you through how to do there's
easy 10 minutes bright makeup look now
this look is all about the hot pink lip
and the vivid purple liner it's super
easy to do so I hope you enjoyed this
video don't forget to subscribe and
let's get started I'm going to start
with the pixie h2o skin drink now I'm
going to use this to prime and just
hydrate my skin before I apply my
foundation just a couple of pumps of
that onto the back of my hand and I'm
just gonna go ahead and start applying
it I love products that smell good and
this is definitely one of them I'm going
to use the wire cell pushing foundation
that looks like this foundation is in a
sponge you have a little cushion that
you then just bounce over your skin
great alternative it's something like
the l'oreal nude magique cushion and
again it's very similar using the pad
that comes with the foundation I'm just
going to go ahead and start pressing
that and tapping that all over my skin
to conceal any blemishes that are still
showing through the foundation I'm using
the Kryolan derma Collett camouflage
cream very gently tap in that brush over
the areas where I have breakouts and
that will very softly blend that out and
it will look incredibly natural warm up
my skin I'm using the Loreal glam bronze
cushion de soleil this is again very
similar to that wire styling L'Oreal
foundation you even have a cushion as
well I'm gonna go ahead and apply that
like I would put the normal bronzer but
using the cushion and the tap in motion
moving on to brows and I'm using the NYX
micro brow pencil and the shade brunette
using the Primark brow gel I'm just
gonna set my brows for my eyes today I'm
using the elf illuminating palette I'm
starting with the lightest shade and
just going to apply that all over the
lid before moving on to the bottom left
shade and applying that straight into
the crease so this palette was about
five or six dollars and I picked it up
in targets a couple of weeks ago and it
is so chalky I have high expectations
it's just really chalky so yeah not good
for eyeliner today I'm using the NYX
vivid bright vivid violet eyeliner and
this is just a liquid liner with a
little brush tip and I'm gonna go ahead
and apply some wings using that
for mascara I'm using the Maybelline
lash sensational
For Lashes today I have the house of
lushes mini boots were our lashes for my
under eyes I'm going to use a little bit
of the Smashbox color correcting stick
and this is in the shade light just to
kind of cover up those dark circles
slightly and I'm just going to blend
that out using my finger to conceal my
under eye area and using the Make Up For
Ever Ultra HD and this is in the shade
white 2-1
I'm also going to apply a very small
amount of back concealer onto my chin
and my forehead to like so and I'm just
going to blend that out
throughout a touch of definition to my
lower lashline I'm going to grow back to
that elf palette I'm going to give it
one more chance to redeem itself I'm
going to try this warmer shade and just
run that along my lower lash line I'm
just going to add one coat of mascara to
my lower lashes for blush today I'm
using the stealer petunia cream blush so
go ahead and apply this onto the apples
of my cheeks probably not that much but
we're just gonna go with that am I just
gonna try and blend
I was going to use the ALF illuminating
palates to highlight today because I
thought oh it's really cheap it's gonna
be really good I can use it in tutorials
but it's actually really bad so instead
I'm gonna use the bombs mary-lou manizer
I'm just applying this to the highest
point of my to tip of my nose I give it
to them under my brows and also above
I'm gonna take a small amount of that
highlighter and just press it into the
inner corners of my eyes finish off the
whole look I'm using the makeup forever
artists Rouge cream and this is in the
shade see 2:07 and it's a beautiful hot
pink lipstick that is so pigmented oh my
god Wow
thank you so much for watching I really
hope you enjoyed this ten minute
tutorial and if you like this type of
video and you'd like to see more of them
then please do let me know in the
comment section below thank you so much
for watching I love you guys and I will
see you though very soon bye
