oh my god Primark haul
I spent the grand price of 205 spoon
spended that day bloody hell
229 pounds and 19 months I literally
feel like I bought everything on the
shelf dying to try some of these
products out so I'm gonna stop talking
I'm gonna stop laugh-in let's go through
them and let's get started when it comes
to getting glam fast one product that I
absolutely adore is bolts nails
this isn't he s almonds 24 nails with
adhesive in new nude and they cost one
pounds half the time if I'm gluing false
nails on its when I'm sat in the back of
the taxi on my way to an event no I am
NOT perpetually just like I woke up
breakfast I'm like the one that's like
half dragged out of the back of the cab
look like I've been dragged out of a
bush literally drive me insane sometimes
when I'm trying to tie it for a small
amount of glue on so I can literally
just whip them off if I need to they do
not look like a 1 pound a nail set they
just reflect some super shiny nail
polish got two different primers to test
out the pH are perform hydrate and
recover PS into the girl hashtag a
selfie ready blur primer smooth skin for
a flawless foundation application I am
it so all about that flawless foundation
life honey's gonna take some of that
onto the back of my hands
let's go okay so it feels quite smooth
so far doesn't feel like it clogging or
it's really thick I've got a brand new
foundation I've never used it it is the
PS my perfect color velvet finish
foundation customizable coverage second
skin effect and it has an SPF of 30 half
the shade porcelain ivory and cool sand
have no idea which shade I am so let's
do some swatches and let's find out
actually going to go for ivory today I'm
gonna take one little squeeze of that
Foundation and just dispense that onto
the back of my hand like so and first of
all I'm going to apply it onto the side
with no primer moment of truth but let's
blend it out that is really really thick
it's just kind of highlighted all of the
texture on my skin I think I'm gonna go
old school and just go for a latex
sponge that is not a good hook and even
when I bounce it out you can just see it
picking up every single bit of texture
on my face okay we definitely got some
serious cracking happening in my smile
lines that is like wrinkles central
right now this should not be this bad I
am primed I am like hydrated I am
applying it I'm bouncing it I am
blending it there is no reason for it to
look this bloody cakey on my skin is it
just me or am I getting more orange it's
the most expensive product from my
entire haul the Kim Kardashian style
dupe the PS nudes highlight and contour
kit and this retails for eight pounds we
get the contour stick duo highlight
stick to your brow highlighter and
blender duo alright let's just go for it
let's just do it oh that came out quite
strong
and now we um
blend all right we get in summer we're
getting somewhere
and we have reached mud I'm not feeling
the sponge I'm not feeling that contour
so I'm going to go back to my other
colored disposable sponge that are used
for foundation and let's try and blend
it out this way you can definitely see
where that contour has been applied
however it does fall into the kind of
slightly on the orange / muddy territory
I'm gonna move on and I'm gonna try and
add some highlights to my skin okay we
are definitely gonna have a bad time
with this or maybe not
all right on second thought now that
I've zoomed out it doesn't actually look
that bad it's definitely come up lighter
on camera than it is in real life now to
blend that out I'm actually going to use
the brush side and let's just hope that
this does a better job than the sponge
that actually looks pretty good I don't
think it looks that bad
I actually think that highlight has done
quite a good job the final product in
our Kim K inspired nudes collection is
the brow highlight and ster blend up I
have the PS into the girl insta-fix
concealer brush and it's for three
pounds correct we have a contender for
the worst face of makeup I've ever
applied on camera I have that early 2000
this white brow bone highlight going on
look my brows today I have a choice of
three different products iconic brow
brow pomade an angled brush skinny brow
pencil yes a brow gel in the shade cool
brown I did also purchase the PS angled
brow brush this was one pound
bargain brush through those brows get
them looking red something I like that
actually looks really good
this is filling in my brow like an
absolute dream but I've done my
eyeshadow and I find some mascara I
think those brows will kind of blend in
to my face more maybe they were growing
I'm leaving those brows there if I do
any more I will literally end up with
two hedges across my face I've got a few
different eyeshadow options to choose
from today PS eye candy eye metallic
collection in the shade bronze and
eyeliner a brush and a cream eye shadow
for three pounds that is crazy
a bunch of eyeshadow singles and these
were only 60 pence each probably one of
the most affordable single eyeshadows
like ever we also have the PS chocolate
eyeshadow palette is
the same drones that I bought in Aspen
oh I swear that's like the same
eyeshadow color I'm gonna risk it I'm
gonna go to the cream shadow if it
doesn't work then I can always top it up
for the powder on top oh now I feel bad
for being mean it actually looks really
pretty
definitely best purchase of the day
hasn't let us down so far don't let me
down now oh that actually looks really
pretty it would look a lot better with a
matte shade underneath but how good does
that look guys the three pounds you can
clearly see a difference between
eyeliner and no I learn it's a very easy
way to take it from today tonight but I
have these hell of a lot of it and it
needs opening already the lashes today
we have the PS into the girl mascara
gradually tints bear lashes over time
with daily use instantly boosts the
volume of lashes for a stand out look
pretty damn impressive for four pounds
if somebody had put that on me and then
taught me it was a four pounds Primark
mascara I would never have guessed to
set my base today we have a choice of
two different powders we have the insta
girl wash photo powder and this is a
translucent powder with light reflecting
blue pigments for photo-ready skin and
this was 2 pounds 50 the other option we
have is the PS integral rice powder
loose powder to set makeup and absorb
oil wow that is so so light tryna break
out is that what house smells like or is
that perfume
moving on to blush and I have the PS of
pure blush palette and this is blatantly
Marge - Anastasia Beverly Hills do you
think I'm just gonna play it straight
and go for this sheet here which is
called in the pink I'm just gonna use
that same brush that I used for my
powder that was too much Oh panic over
gonna leave that there
woah oh I just watched that on the back
of my hands just literally just trying
to wipe that off my finger and that is
so pretty I'm actually gonna put that in
the inner corners of my eyes I did also
purchase the pure glow highlighting
palette as well deserts glimmer Eden and
Firefly I actually think I'm gonna go
for this shade dilemma today that seems
like quite a nice gold I'm gonna take
the upper end of that double sided brush
from Primark oh I didn't tell you what
this was this was the angled and tapered
powder brush and it was 2 pounds 50 PRD
how I was not expecting that to be that
bright
that's amazing only thing we've got left
to do is finish up our lips I've got the
PS nude lip collection which is a matte
liquid lipstick and lip liner hi shiny
lip gloss and lip in the shoes
mesmerized PS get lippy matte collection
girls well let's just go for thrill seek
out I'm totally feeling this one yeah
all that lip line it was so dry like
that's a little bit too orange you'll
actually buy another lip liner yes into
the girl kiss proof lip liner pencil in
the shades selfie and I take that and
lay it over the top that's much better
although I am now put in a dry mouth
pencil over a dry orange pencil over a
dry matte liquid lipstick over my dry
lips I need to put lip balm on sorry
guys I know it's not quite mark but I
massively need to put a lip balm on
out of all of the products that I tried
and tested in today's video I would say
that my must-haves and the ones that you
should be looking out for are these
we've got the lash ink mascara and
Laster fiber I think that mascara looks
so freakin good the iconic brow amazed I
said oh I've got my mascara on lipstick
on
I'm actually really feeling those slug
brows pure glow highlighting palette so
vibrant so highlighting so blinding and
yet five pounds massage thuggin favorite
products that I tried today has to be
the eye candy metallic eye collection
bronze eye shadow one eye shadow a
pencil and a brush that's all you need I
do have mascara on my eyelids oops
nevermind to me the positive definitely
outweighs the negative and I'm super
super impressed with some of these
products today let me know what you guys
think in the comments sections down
below which products did you hate which
products did you love what did you think
of the finished look
thank you so much for watching if you
enjoyed this video and you'd like to see
some more first impressions videos you
can click here or here thank you so much
for watching don't forget to subscribe
I'll see you guys soon bye
