hi guys and welcome back today I'm
showing you how to do this flawless
foundation look without using any
concealer so if you want to find out how
I got this look just keep watching
sudden with the hourglass veil mineral
primer to help prep my skin ready for
foundation now this primer is oil-free
and it's so soft and silky on the skin
full foundation today I'm using the
hourglass vanish seamless finish
foundation stick and this is in the
shade porcelain I'm just going to dot a
few small dots onto my skin you need
barely any product to make this
foundation work because the pigmentation
is so high and to blend it out I'm also
using the hourglass vanish foundation
brush take your time and use small
circular motions to buff it out I
absolutely adore this finished look and
you can see just from a few dots it has
given you a flawless base next up brows
I'm using the NYX micro brow pencil and
I'm just going to go ahead and fill in
my brows I'm sure you guys have seen me
do this a million times so I'll just
speed straight through it just using
that pencil to fill in my brows and then
I like to use a clear brow gel this one
is from Primark and I'm going to just
use that to set to my brows and make
sure the hairs are going in the right
direction for eyeshadow today I'm using
the Giorgio Armani eye tint and this is
in the shade spice smoke so I'm just
gonna go ahead and apply that directly
onto the lid and then taking a fluffy
blending brush I think this is a crown
c-44 one brush but you could use
something like a Mac 217 to just blend
out that shadow just want to go for a
really soft diffused look today and then
build up the color slowly to intensify
it on the center of the lids that gives
you that really nice in depth a smoky
eye look
I'm also going to take that same Giorgio
Armani eyeshadow onto the under eye area
so I'm just gonna apply it straight and
then I'm gonna take a small pencil brush
and just buff that out slightly and I'm
gonna take it down too far because I
don't want to go for the zombie look but
enough to give a nice smoky look
next up eyeliner this is the zoeva
graphic eyes from the little black box
set and you can use any black liner to
do this I'm a huge fan of the zoeva
liner so I'm using that one today but go
ahead and use whichever product that you
have and you like using the same pencil
brush as earlier I'm just smudging and
blending out that black liner to give us
a really hearty smoky smoldering eye
look and I'm gonna go ahead and use that
fluffy brush just blend out that
eyeliner even more next up mascara I'm
using the Maybelline lash sensational
it's one of my favorites it's so
affordable and really easy to use for
lashes today I'm wearing the Sephora
collection quill false lashes and these
are the first two for our own collection
lashes I've ever tried I did like them
but found them incredibly wide so I had
to cut off quite a lot when you're happy
with your lashes move back to the
hourglass foundation this is the shade
alabaster which is one shade lighter
than my base foundation and I'm just
applying that directly to the under eye
area and then taking that vanish
foundation brush again to just lightly
blend that out and it just looks so
flawless instantly I swear it looks
photoshopped but it is not
to meet enough that under-eye area I'm
just going to take that same pencil
brush once again and just do a little
bit of blending and touch up to that
shadow before taking my lash sensational
and just applying a small coat of
mascara onto the lower lashes for blush
today I'm wearing the Daniel Sandler
watercolor liquid blush in the shade
golden glow using my Real Techniques
contour brush I'm just going to lightly
apply that onto the tops of my
cheekbones also towards my temples and
then finally I'm going to bring it onto
the top of my forehead to act like a
bronzer too and to set that I'm using
the Ben Nye
neutral set colorless powder I'm
applying this in a light coat into the
under eye area and then I'm also going
to apply to any areas where I tend to
get slightly oily throughout the day
let's move on to glow and today I'm
using the Anastasio some dict glow kit
and first of all I'm taking the shade
bronze and just applying this into the
hollows of my cheeks and up towards my
temples next I'm going to move on to the
shade summer and I'm going to take this
onto the very highest points to
highlight I'm also going to apply it
slightly above my brows down the center
of my nose down my Cupid's bow and enter
the inner corner of my eyes using a very
small morphe brush and finally to bring
the whole look together today I'm using
the Kylie lip kit in the shade Kandy K
so first of all I'm going to apply the
lip liner all over my lips I like to
shape out my lips first and then I'll go
ahead and just fill in my entire lips
using that liner when I'm happy with how
I've got my lip liner I like to move
straight in into the liquid lipstick I
definitely found the Kandy K easier to
apply than the black dead of night shade
and I only needed to use one coat today
and here's the finished look thank you
so much for watching I really hope you
enjoyed this video and what did you
think of the makeup let me know in the
comment section below I love you guys
thank you so much for watching and I'll
see you guys soon bye
