hi guys and welcome back today I'm
talking you through how to do this super
glam purple and silver cut crease makeup
look so if you want to find out how to
get this look just keep watching
and don't forget to subscribe starting
with 417 skin wow highlighter I'm just
going to prime my skin I love
illuminating primers and it just gives
such a beautiful glow through your
foundation I'm just gonna apply that all
over my skin before moving on to
foundation and foundation I'm using the
lorac perfection foundation I picked
this up when I went to LA earlier this
year and I have to say this is such an
underrated foundation I don't see many
people talking about it but they really
should because it is so beautiful on the
skin and also long last into next up
brows today I'm using the NYX eyebrow
gel in the shades brunette I really do
love this brow gel because it gets such
a flawless brow finish but it is really
affordable at the same time which is
always a bonus I'm just filling in my
brows and then I'm gonna go ahead and
take my concealer to carve them out
today I'm using the Kryolan demo color
camouflage cream I cannot even begin to
tell you how much I love this product I
feel like this is the one products that
changed my life because it gave me so
much more confidence back I swear it
never runs out prime my eyes I'm using
the NARS radiant creamy concealer I'm
using this later on as a highlight so I
might as well give it another purpose
and it can prime my eyes to set that I'm
going to use the Clinique vanilla pop
eyeshadow you can use any cream beige a
skin toned eyeshadow to do this next up
i shadow i'm using the morphe 35 t
palette and i'm going to start with this
light topi lilac shade and this will act
as our transition color so i'm just
using a small fluffy brush and applying
that into the crease I'm softly blending
that out
when you're happy with your transition
move on let's take this berry shade and
apply that again into the deepest part
of the crease use small windscreen wiper
actions to blend it out and keep going
until you're happy with the level of
intensity and using it cleaning a crown
for for one brush I'm just gonna gently
blow out the edges before moving on to
this deeper darker purple shade from the
morphe 35 t palette I've swapped to a
smaller brush at this point just to
pinpoint that exact crease area and just
connect it to my lashes again take your
time and then blend out using a bigger
brush if you feel you need to for the
lid I'm using the sugarpill grand tiara
loose pigment I first of all went in
with just the pigment on its own but it
wasn't giving me enough color so I
saturated my brush in the NYX glitter
primer and that made my life so much
easier it just gave me more of a
structure and it was definitely easier
to get that sharp cut crease look by
doing it in this way take your time and
practice makes perfect on this I'm still
not perfect at this
but eyeliner I'm using the Clinique
pretty easy liner pen this is one of my
favorite liners the bristle tip makes it
so much easier to get a really good
swing so if you find that you're
struggling with doing winged liner hey I
have a winged liner tutorial which I'll
link down below and B it could actually
be that you're not into your actual
eyeliner you might need a different tip
or brush on the end of it so don't be
afraid to try out a new product but
mascara today I'm using the YSL vinyl
Couture mascara this is such a beautiful
intense black mascara that doesn't go
grey it actually looks black it's
awesome and for lashes today and wearing
the Lily lashes glam collection Beverly
Hills lashes every time I wear these bad
boys I get so many people asking me
which lashes I am wearing they are so
fluffy and beautiful and so
easy to wear it definitely reccommend
let's move back on to the base I'm using
the NYX cream highlight and contour
palette to contour today
as with most cream contour products the
highlight shade isn't actually light
enough for my skin but I'm totally
feeling the contour shades just apply it
that in all of the normal spots the
hollows of my cheeks my forehead and my
chin I'm just gonna go ahead and blend
it out to highlight today I'm going back
to the NARS radiant creamy concealer in
the shade Chantilly find that onto my
chin that my nose my upper lip and also
the sides of my nose and forehead
once that's applied and I'm happy with
the placement I'm just gonna go ahead
and use the same sponge to blend that
out into my base to have a smooth
transition take your time it was so new
or you're just learning this go slowly
and if you make any mistakes don't worry
you can take it off next up I'm gonna
give this old color correcting pad ago
and I'm using these Smashbox color
correcting stick this is in the shade
dark I'm just gonna apply that and blend
it out slightly but not so I look like a
tangerine but just enough to cover the
areas where I feel like I need it then
I'm gonna go back over that with my NARS
radiant creamy concealer blend it out
using my finger before swapping back to
the same makeup sponge
to set that I'm using the Vichy
dermablend powder this is one of my
favorite loose powders and I don't know
why I stopped using it because I do
really love it it doesn't cake it
doesn't you know it set really horribly
into fine lines or anything like that it
just sets it and it holds it there all
night back to that morphe palette and
I'm taking that light lilac shade and
applying that in the under eye area and
just go in bold and lo with that shadow
before moving on to the darker shade to
intensify it and for eyeliner today I'm
using the Makeup Forever aqua XL and
this is in the shade M 18 it's a matte
plumb line eyes so I thought I'd go for
something a little bit more purple than
normal I'm also following that with my
wire cell vinyl catcher mascara once
again this is really good on the bottom
lashes using the NYX highlight and
contour pro palette I'm going to finish
off the eyes by applying the lightest
highlight into the inner corner I'm also
going to sweep that across the tops of
my cheeks down the center of my nose and
also my Cupid's bow this video is not
sponsored by next I'm just obsessed with
their products
to finish the whole lick off I'm using
the mix lip laundry in the shade
embellishments this is a beautiful muted
matte purple liquid lipstick and it
really does last a long time
and here's the finished look my ultra
glam silver and purple makeup look thank
you so much for watching I really hope
you enjoyed this video don't forget to
subscribe and I'll see you guys soon bye
you
