hi guys and welcome back today I'm
showing you how to do this glam copper
make up look don't forget to subscribe
and if you want to find out how to get
this look then just keep watching
using the pixie flawless and poreless
primer I'm just going to prep my skin
ready for foundation application this is
one of my favorite primers and for
foundation the lorac perfection
foundation in the shade PR 1 I bought
this in LA recently and I've been using
it over the past week and loving it so
far my only negative so far is that I
feel like it sinks into my skin and I
find that that makes it difficult to
apply cream contour products because my
skin that feels slightly drier than one
of the other foundations I'd usually use
let's move on to the brows today I'm
using the Anastasia brow definer this is
from the shade medium brown so I'm just
gently filling in those brows and then
I'm gonna carve them out using the Urban
Decay Naked skin concealer I'm still in
the process of growing out my brows so
bear with me while they look a little
bit funky until I get them reshaped
using the Mac paint spots in the shade
soft ochre I'm just going to prep my
lips and prime them ready for eyeshadow
application today I'm using a morphe
palette this is the morphe 35o palette
and I'm taking this light yellow beige
shade I'm just applying this fall over
the lid before moving into this hot
orange show to act as our transition
color I've picked that up on a fluffy
brush and I'm just blending and buffing
that out in the crease before moving on
to this darker red orange shade he's in
a small morphe brush I'm just going to
apply there into the crease and then
take in a soft fluffy brush I'm just
going to very gently blend this shadow
out take your time and remember it's
better to over blend then under blend
next I'm gonna take this creamy white
jade and just pop a small amount under
their brow and then just blend that out
for the lid color I'm taking the morphe
12s palette and taking this gorgeous
coppery shades this has a really nice
goal to reflect kind of in the shimmer
shade so to highlight that I'm also
going to pick up this gold shade here
and just pop that straight into the
center of the lid gently blend that into
that copper shadow next I'm going to
take this slightly richer copper shade
this one is slightly darker and I'm just
going to pop that onto the inner and
outer corner this makes the gold in the
center then pop even more for eyeliner
today I'm using the zoetrope graphic ice
black to earth eyeliner and I'm just
gently lining my upper waterline and
slightly above my lash line before
moving on to the Wet n Wild mega plump
mascara I actually really like the brush
on this I'm just not so keen on the
formula for lashes today and wearing
Lily lashes ghalichi glam Miami lashes
these are so incredibly fluffy I really
wish I could show you all these lashes
in person because they are phenomenal to
contour today am using the Anastacio
cream contour kit in the shade fair
starting with the shade thorn I'm just
going to apply that into the hollows of
my cheeks my forehead and also below my
chin using the shade mink I'm just going
to amp up that contour slightly because
you know I kind of want to look hella
contour today and then using the showed
fair I'm just going to use this as a
cream highlight I've never used this kit
before so hopefully it's good because I
love Anastasia products I'm also going
to contour my nose and then using a damp
makeup sponge I'm just going to blend
out to that contour and highlight now my
sponge wasn't as damp as I usually like
today and that did actually make it more
difficult to blend out my contour
especially with the foundation being
slightly drier too always use a super
damp sponge because it makes your life
easier for concealer today and we're in
the urban decay and naked skin this is
in the shade fair neutral and I'm
applying this and
my eyes on my chin my Cupid's bow either
side of my nose
and also my forehead I'm again blending
this out using that Real Techniques
makeup sponge so again this is the new
product that I bought in LA I've heard
so many good things about it but I've
never tried it and oh my word I can't
believe I never tried this before
because I freaking love this concealer I
haven't actually found a new concealer
that I love as much as this one recently
and yeah prepared to see this in a lot
of videos because this looks so
beautiful on the skin for powder today
I'm wearing the Javan cheat powder
premier and I'm just going to use that
to set my under eye area and the other
areas where we applied that concealer if
you're looking for a drugstore or
cheaper alternative you could try the
Ben Nye neutral set powder to set my
contour I'm using the Kat Von D shade
and light palette and I'm just going to
apply the lightest contour shade on toom
the hollows of my cheeks and my forehead
I'm not gonna lie I just kind of wanted
to use this one today totally
unnecessary but loving this palette make
sure you blend that out should probably
tell you that as well I'm also going to
sweep for that excess powder off the
under eye area before finalizing that
eyeshadow so I'm going back to this
orange red shade and I'm going to run
that along the lower lash line using a
small pencil brush and I'm also going to
take that deep copper shade from the
12's palette and just use that to add a
touch of that shimmer onto the lower
lash area I'm just going to blend those
two shadows together apply some of the
NYX wonder pencil in my lower lash line
gotta be honest kind of not feeling this
pencil because it's not as pigmented as
I would like then I'm going to finish it
using the mega plump mascara to add a
touch of mascara to the bottom lashes
for blush today I have the Elizabeth
Arden blushing pink beautiful color
radiant blush so many names but such a
pretty blush and applying this to the
apples of my cheeks followed by the
anastasia gleam glow kit i'm using the
shade crushed pearl because i struggle
to go a day without using this
highlighter it is so freakin beautiful
I'm applying that to the tops of my
cheeks tip of my nose my Cupid's bow
slightly under the brows and in my tear
duct area to line my lips I'm going for
the NYX 810 natural lip liner and I'm
just going to line my lips using that
because that would make sense wouldn't
it so I'm lying in those and then I'm
just going to do some ridges in my lips
to act as a plumper sort of lip before
moving on to the NYX lip lingerie I
would definitely say that these are
comparable to the Anastasia liquid
lipsticks they're just as good and just
as long-lasting this is in the shade
zero three and so just to add some depth
to those lips I'm taking the NYX
mahogany 809 pencil and I'm just going
to use this in the inner section of the
Cupid's bow and also add some of those
weird Instagram glitches again to give
the impression left my lips are plumper
than they actually are let's face it it
doesn't actually work so I'm gonna blend
it out and take the wire cell tint in
oil this is in the super catchy name six
to L eight zero one and I'm going to
apply this to act as a really pretty
gloss I really like this I know they're
high-end but they do look beautiful on
the lips and here's the finished look
my ghulam copper makeup tutorial thanks
so much for watching I really hope you
enjoyed this video and I'll see you guys
soon bye
hi guys and welcome back today I'm
talking you through my 20 pounds makeup
tutorial that means that all of the
makeup that I am wearing collectively
came to less than 20 pounds and this is
what I ended up with
