hi guys and welcome back today I'm
talking you through my 20 pounds makeup
tutorial that means that all of the
makeup that I am wearing collectively
came to less than 20 pounds and this is
what I ended up with I've got a big
basket here I'm so big it's obviously
not big is it it's obviously not a big
basket I have a small basket here full
of makeup that I have used on my face
today and all of this came in to the
grand total of 19 pounds and 98 pence
you want to find out how to get this
look then keep watching and don't forget
to subscribe I'll see you guys soon so I
couldn't actually afford a primer in my
twenty pounds budget so I'm going
straight into foundation today I have
the collection illuminating touch
Foundation and this is in the shade
number one porcelain if you are super
pale then this one might be slightly too
dark for you make sure that you swatch
it and test it in multiple different
types of lighting before you jump
straight in I'm going to apply this
using my Real Techniques buffing brush
I'm going to bring this foundation down
my neck slightly because I know that it
is slightly darker I can see the
difference on my hands of where it is
slightly darker for concealers actually
managed to buy two in budget I have the
makeup revolution matte effect cover and
conceal this is in the shade fair 0 - I
never use stick concealers but we're
going to see what this is like it might
be good but it was only 1 pound so I'm
not really too sure on that
the second concealer is the anyway
makeup Academy cover and conceal in the
shade fear I think what I'm going to try
is this one for the under eye and this
one for blemishes I've just popped a
small amount of that makeup Rev
concealer onto the back of my hand and
I'm just going to apply that using my
Real Techniques concealer brush
and I'm just going to try blending that
out using my finger on actually see any
difference like I genuinely can't see
any difference so I'm gonna move on to
the brows I think and maybe come back to
concealing at the end her grows I have
this makeup revolution focus and fix
eyebrow shaping kit and this is in the
shade medium dark this was two pounds
fifty I believe you don't get a spoolie
with it but you do get the brush so
that's something maybe I'll try and use
this I don't know if that's good or
dangerous idea I'm going to start with
this mid shade here and I'm just going
to start sketching out my brows going
back to the concealer brush we used
earlier I'm just going to carve them out
finally I'm just going to run my brush
lightly
across that wax and just very gently
just brush the works over the brows to
lock those players in place and here's
the before and after so I'm just going
to do the same on the other eye I
couldn't actually afford an eye primer
so I'm going to use that anyway
cover and conceal just to prep my lips
going to add a touch onto each lid then
using my finger I'm just going to blend
that out because I couldn't afford many
eyeshadows today I'm actually going to
use a pressed powder as a base shadow on
my lips this is the anyway translucent
pressed powder I'm just going to apply
that with a big fluffy brush going back
to the makeup revolution focus and fix
brow shaping kit I'm going to take the
lightest eyebrow shadow in here and just
apply that straight into the crease box
and it acts towards the town with the
brow
going to take this darkest shade from
this brow kit
I'm also going to take that dark shadow
into the inner corner as well take your
time and blend out the shadows slowly
next I'm going to take the mua makeup
academy single shadow and this is in the
shade champagne using my finger I'm just
going to press that into the center of
the eye and using that big fluffy
blending brush I'm just going to blend
out the edges for liner I'm using the
MUA intense glitter eyeliner this is the
shade starry night and this was one
pound and it also comes with a sharpener
in the lid the cheapest liquid eyeliner
I could see in stock in super drug was
$2.99 which I couldn't afford in my
budget so I ran across the road to
Primark because I heard that they have a
beauty section and I managed to get one
of the liquid liners this is the pious
black liquid eyeliner and this was only
one pound I haven't actually used one of
these in a very long time because I'm so
used to using a felt one or like a
bristle tip liner so let's see how I get
on with this okay so far so good
for mascara I have the collection color
lash and this is in the shade black this
mascara was only $1.99 so the mascara
wasn't very good but hopefully that
won't matter because whilst I was in
Primark I happen to find some false
lashes but only one pound
they are the Primark ps4 look lashes to
conceal my under eye area I'm using the
anyway copper and conceal and this is in
the shade bear
and I'm going to use my finger to blend
that out
yeah I'm not feeling it but I'm gonna go
ahead and put it on the other under-eye
area anyway but I'm not feeling this
sofa
I'm also going to apply some of this
concealer to my Chi
and also my forehead
to set the concealed areas and using the
MUA
translucent pressed powder I don't want
my face to feel too heavy so I'm only
going to apply the pressed powder onto
the to zone and any concealed areas and
to finish the under eye area and going
back to that dark brown shadow
and finally a coat of mascara on those
bottom lashes for blush today I'm using
the makeup revolution love blush and
once again this was only one pound I'm
just going to apply that using my Real
Techniques blush brush and I'm just
going to blend that out because it's a
lot more pigmented than I thought it
would be unfortunately I didn't have
enough money for a highlight so I'm
going to go back to that champagne
eyeshadow and I'm going to highlight
using this instead using the same
contour brush from Real Techniques pop
that onto the highest points of my
cheekbone
I'm also going to apply that to the
simple my nose my Cupid's bow under both
eyebrows I'm also going to run that
champagne eyeshadow into the tear duct
area
and finally if the lipstick I'm using
the makeup revolution rebel with a cause
lipstick and it is this really gorgeous
grungy purple so let's apply it and hope
for the best
this is the finished look what do we
think is it worth 20 quid or is it not
worth 20 quid in terms of products there
were definitely a few that I wouldn't
waste my money on and I don't think you
should waste your money on either one of
them being the cover and conceal
concealer thought it was rubbish so I
didn't mean to actually throw that on
the floor the other one was the makeup
revolution the matte effect concealer
again rubbish we know which product was
your favorite out of everything that I
use thank you so much for watching don't
forget to give this video a huge thumbs
up and don't forget to subscribe so you
never miss a video I'll see you guys
soon bye
hi guys and welcome back today I'm
showing you how to do my go-to glam
makeup look don't forget to subscribe
and let's get started
