hi guys and welcome back so today I'm
doing something a little bit different
for my channel don't usually tend to do
whole videos on my youtube channel don't
know why I just don't really do them
tend to usually snapchat my horse and
open my mail on there instead but today
is something a little bit different and
I've just got back from spending a week
in Los Angeles and I kind of
accidentally on purpose brought back a
lot of makeup with me there are quite a
few bags let me see if I can pick them
all up there's more now I don't know if
I'm gonna have to do this in two videos
yeah basically that's all new makeup
yeah without further ado let's go
through it all I'm gonna start with
alter finished product I picked up from
opto with the lorac perfection
foundation I'm not a huge fan of the
packaging to be honest it is quite a
bulky bottle and it only has 30 ml 33
mil of foundation so it's a little bit
excessive on the packaging I also picked
up their Pro palette and this is the
palette so it has so many beautiful like
everyday makeup shades on it and it's
perfect for like a warm smoky eye also
comes with the mini behind the scenes
eye primer it's a really cute little
five gram sample the next item I got
from Aalto was the it cosmetics bye bye
under-eye concealer I really like how
its watched in store and I think that's
gonna go really nicely on the
right I have wanted to go to Sephora for
so freakin long and this is what we're
supposed to be part one of my Sephora
haul but losing my cards meant that I
didn't get to do part two so this is
everything that I've got in Sephora
let's get started and go through the
back the Kat Von D lock and load
makeup satin mist I feel like you're
either a powder person or a spray person
and I feel like I always prefer how
spray looks on the skin rather than
powder also bought from Kat Von D the
locket concealer and this is in the
shade light 18 I'm not sure that's the
lightest on the one up from the lightest
I can't remember he had so many amazing
things about this I also bought the Kat
Von D ink liner in the color trooper
this is the eyeliner that I got you can
see it's got a really fine tip the Kat
Von D studded kiss lipstick and this is
in the shade magic with a K and then
like magic my magic magic cake my magic
I think the packaging is so beautiful
a gorgeous everyday color lipstick the
shade and light palette so I've heard so
many amazing things about this palette
I've seen it so many youtubers using it
and raving about it so I had to have it
a really cute handy guide on how you use
it and there we have it that is the
palette oh isn't it beautiful like
everything about this is really pretty I
felt like this one is gonna get used so
much because it would kind of be rude
not to
I've got the shade + light eye palette I
saw this and I wasn't sure if I wanted
it
and then I thought general I'm just
gonna get it anyway so I bought it and
this is the shade + light eye palette
again it has so many shades in there
that I always reach for I also make my
way over to the Make Up For Ever stand
and I bought their Ultra HD foundation
because again I've heared so many
amazing things about this foundation on
YouTube but the packaging is again very
similar to that kind of lorac pro style
packaging you've got that definite
plastic outer on the foundation on the
inside I picked up one one seven so it's
not the lightest I think it's either one
or two up from the lightest - I like it
when I actually have it on my face and
raping that I did actually buy the right
shade the makeup forever camouflage
palette this makeup forever camouflage
palette was $40 which is quite pricey
for a concealer palette I thought it was
anyway but that was quite expensive and
I got it because it looked very similar
to my derma color palette that I usually
use
but the derma color I pay make it 19
pounds which is about $35 I'm gonna try
this out and maybe we'll do a
side-by-side comparison derma color see
how we get on
next I went to the open decay stands and
I picked up the Naked skin concealer
I've had actually quite a lot of people
asking me what I think about this but
I've never tried it so I thought I'd get
it open that I like it I think this was
30 dollars 28 or 30 dollars and I picked
this up in the shade bear I know quite a
few youtubers love this and use this
comeback every day so hopefully I will
like it too because it was $28 I don't
wanna just throw $28 in the bins final
item I picked up from Sephora was from
the Sephora
colorful collection and this is
the contour powder so I guess this is
one of their blushes but they've made it
in the contour shape so I guess it's not
actually a blush Rose it's a contour
yeah
this is the shade tranquil which is
number 26 and I can't actually open this
I'm kinda liking that looks good so that
is the contour that I got I don't think
I've ever spent as much money as I spent
in Sephora in one go on makeup before so
it was a little bit painful definitely
painful think I became a vib in one shop
painful next up is morphe brushes I made
a special trip to morphix I really
wanted to go to this store I think it
took us like an hour in a car to get to
morphe from where we were but it was so
worth it I picked up two pairs of these
DW lashes these are very similar to the
Ardell with these lashes which you guys
know are some of my favorite lashes I
also picked up these ones here which are
number 600 they're more of a structured
lash but I thought I would try them and
see how I got on with them but two of
the 605 lashes these to me are very
similar to the last year's called smokey
mousse from house of lashes which is
some of my favorite lashes actually
moving on to oh love is more lashes
these are the morphe WSP lashes again
very similar to the Ardell Liv wispy
lashes so there we go
in terms of brushes I only bought a
three these are very small brushes that
I like to use the smokey eyes to really
get the shadow in there in the outer
corner and also the crease but one of
the f5 one for brush which is a really
nice small kind of like a shadow brush
two of the m56
two brushes which are a really precise
brush which are so good for getting a
darker shadow in
we're really getting into that crease
when you're doing a smoky eye this is
one of my favorite types of brushes for
eyeshadow so I picked up a couple of
extra ones two of the morphe cream
eyeshadows blue shades hair which is
called dust and this is a super
pigmented shadow that I think could be
good just if you want to have a base for
a smoky eye it was only like 99 cents I
also got this shade here called slick
this is a beautiful kind of like a
golden bronze again this one was 99
cents I mean like it would be so rude
leave that behind
it just has to you just have to buy it
next up are the eyeshadow palettes and I
bought quite a few I couldn't control
myself I was literally in the store just
like I need everything for six pallets
in total and I feel like I have every I
shadowed shade that I could ever need so
first up is the morphe 12s palette it's
filled with these gorgeous shimmer
shades I think this was like $13 it was
so cheap and these shades are amazing
this is the 35e palette a mixture of so
many beautiful brightly colored shimmer
shades I wanted to be covered kind of
for like all eventualities you know some
celebrity is wearing a really nice
shadow then I want to make sure that I
have like almost every color shimmer
shadow so I can recreate it if I want to
this is the 35 t palette and probably
one of my favorite purchases that I made
in the state because every shadow in
this palette is one that I would wear
and wear
again I think the colors are beautiful
and they all go together which makes it
so much easier when you're doing your
shadows so yeah
love this palette the morphe 35o palette
which is these beautiful burnt oranges
in there I got this one because I've
seen quite a lot of hype about it online
and there was only one allowed per
customer in store and I think if you see
the sign
saying only one per customer you're like
oh my god it must be good then this
right here is so beautiful this Sutter
hair is so beautiful the morphe 30 or
promise drop to then the morphe 35o
palette and this is the bright palette I
feel like with this palette I have
almost every bright eyeshadow that you
could ever work on it the only reason I
got it so if I ever need a bright color
shadow happen as finally I bought the
Jacqueline Hill favorites palette
because I think it's always great to
support your peers and support fellow
youtubers and this is the Jacqueline how
palette again it has kind of like a
mixture of all the others in one palette
so chances are I probably didn't need it
but I liked the option of cabinet this
shape here is beautiful I'm glad I
picked it out even if I don't use it too
often I'm glad I got it because I feel
like option Oh
when I was in LA I made my way over to
the Knicks head office and had a little
look around the studio and they very
kindly spot me butter this insane Knicks
package from them
I will show you everything that I
couldn't had a look at and chose from
their gondolas they had their so let's
the Knicks do we finished long lasting
setting spray and also their matte
finish satin sprays I love how these
look on the skin glad to have these back
in my life from the glitter and loose
pigment range
I chose shade number two and this is a
really cute rose gold glitter six which
is like a multicolored glitter it's so
bad but then it's got green and purple
and pink and reflects inner I think this
could look really nice as a halo eye the
next glitter primer because that's
supposed to help keep it in its place
hopefully this is a great drugstore
primer because I know that the last
Sephora one that I tried and really
didn't like so hoping for better things
with this one but the next trade only
gel pencil liner which I think will come
in useful for doing your waterline the
NYX wonder pencil and this is in the
show wp0 one that you can use in your
waterline and you can also use it to
kind of like reverse line your lips the
NYX white liquid liner this is a great
liquid liner that is in a bright white
that you can make really amazing graphic
eye looks using chose the NYX about pop
palette because it has some really great
neutral shadows in there but also a
shimmer and some nice greens and purples
as well so I thought this could look
great for some nice
still looks the next ones are sick and
this is the shade light/medium so you
have a highlight on one end and then
your contour products on the other one I
know that I've used this in videos in
the past so I picked up a new one type
please again in new videos NYX highlight
and contour pro palette I've made
amazing things about this so I want it
in on it and hopefully it could be like
a great drugstore dupe from the
Anastasio powder contour palette and
maybe I'll put it in a first impressions
video or something positive foundations
I chose the NYX invincible foundation
and I chose this in shades too which is
fair this is the fullest coverage
foundation so no idea what it's like
we'll find out together I'm always
looking for new foundation options to
show you guys NYX is a really great
liquid lipstick line called the NYX
lingerie line I got shade 11 which is
called babydoll Jayde's 2 which is
embellishment and shape 6 which is
push-up from their NYX high voltage
lipstick line I got the shade HPL so2
not a very catchy name but it's this
gorgeous berry shade I think you can
still wear in the summer I made my way
to CVS and I loved the fact that it was
24 hours and I went really late at night
I think it was like half 11:00 or
something at night when I went and
everyone was looking at me like a weirdo
because I was there by myself
and I took forever trying to choose what
I wanted because I couldn't work out
what I wanted and I'm so used to just
having tested so I can make a decision
on if it's the right stage or if I like
how it feels
couldn't do that so I went in blindly
and this is what I got the Alpha BB
cream in the shade bit the elf HD
lifting concealer in the shade light
again absolutely no idea if this is
gonna be the right shade a lot baked
eyeshadow trio
this is in the shade peach please it's
like a light gold a peach and a brown
shadow also got the elf eyebrow kit and
this is the gel and power liquid and
this is in the shade medium brightening
eyeliner pencil in the shade black
because it was $2.00 it comes with a
sharpener how bad can it really be
famous last words maybe oh I also got
the experts liquid liner in the shade
midnight
totally forgot I even bought that but
I've got it moving on to Maybelline and
I bought the fit me concealer in the
shade 10 which is light I'm not sure if
they sell this shade here in the UK but
I swear I have never seen this shade
here but then haven't really looked at
the maybelline stand in quite a while
the Maybelline cover stick and this is
in the shade white I got this speaker my
foot potentially it codes work as a
highlight but when you're highlighting
and contouring absolutely no idea how
good it is there's no tester I viewed so
many amazing things about white and
miles make up about how cheap it is and
how everything is actually quite good so
I made sure to go over to their stand
and I've got the Wet n Wild illuminating
palette so this is their highlighting
palette and I've got it in the shade
catwalk pink I also got their contour
palette as well because I thought if
you've got a highlight palette and you
might as well get the quantum palette
because let's face it the highlights in
the highlights for contour parts never
usually any goats I also picked up on
mascara this is the Wet n Wild mega
plump mascara I like to have the brush
looks in the picture no idea if the
brush will actually be that good
but kind of liked it we'll find out wet
and wild comfort zone palette and this
has eight eyeshadows in there for again
it's some nice neutral shadows so I pick
those up and we'll see how we get on
also got the walking on eggshells
eyeshadow palette it's very easy trio
pad
and they're nice neutral shade to
anybody come we're moving on to brows
and I got the wet and wild ultimate brow
kit this isn't the shades ash brown I
have a feeling that the color may be all
wrong but I think it was like two
dollars again so I got it
the final product from wet and wild with
their mega flex balm stain moisturizing
lip color and this is in the shade made
you pink I wouldn't really say it was a
pink from the packaging that's more of a
burgundy plum to me but we'll see in the
swatches I also went to the Milani
stamped and I got there concealed and
perfect two and one Foundation and
concealer this is in the shade 0-1
creamy vanilla no idea what this shade
is like or how this is going to look I
think this was $11 so more on the price
the ends of everything that I picked up
but still super affordable the final bag
of goodies that I brought home with me
from America is from Smashbox I was very
kindly invited to have a little look
around their studio and this is
everything that they very kindly gifted
to me let's see what's in there first up
is the Smashbox full exposure palette
this also comes with a bonus 24-hour
photo finish shadow primer so there is
your bonus i prime up palette looks like
this look so it's nice easy to wear it
shadows and then we put some nice grace
for a deep smoky eye do you want it to
go for that kind of vibe I also have the
Smashbox photo finish primer water and
oceanic so I think is use this in quite
a few videos I was really intrigued by
it so I came home with this one to try
and see how good it actually is or if it
is really just water I don't know let's
find out sticking with the primer theme
I also got the Smashbox photo finish
foundation primer
photo finish foundation primer light and
also the pore-minimizing photo finish
primer from their contour range I have
the Smashbox step-by-step contour stick
trio now this sector has a highlight a
bronzer and a contour stick in bitsy you
can use the different pens for the
different parts of your face and
sticking with the stick theme I also
have their color correcting stick so we
have an orange a green and also a purple
these are really hot at the moment on
the Smashbox L a light lip and cheek
color range I have the Fairfax fuchsia
which is this amazing bright vivid pink
shape that I think would look incredible
with like a really glowy skin and that
hot flash across the cheek I also have
two shows Echo Park pink which is this
more muted pink shade which is more of
like an everyday where that would look
nice again with a beautiful glowy skin
finally from there lipstick line I have
six shapes here so I've got tabloid big
audition get fired inspiration and
panorama pink looking forward to seeing
how to have Lourdes let's see how bright
that lipstick is and they all have the
same Smashbox start packaging and that's
such a beautiful shade so yeah very much
looking forward to seeing how these are
the colors are incredibly vibrant that's
actually a really nice finish as well so
looking forward to seeing how these
perform and there we have it that is
everything I have no idea how many
products that is but that was a lot he
made its me into this video then
well done new round of applause and that
was so many products oh my god I don't
think I've ever had such a big haul at
once before that was absolutely insane
that was a long video non-video thank
you so much for watching guys I really
hope you enjoyed this video and I don't
give this video a huge thumbs up and
don't forget to come and follow me on
Twitter and add me on snapchat as well
to keep up to date with everything that
I am up to on a daily basis thanks for
watching I'll see you soon bye guys hi
guys and welcome back today I'm talking
you through how to do this super easy
ten minute makeup so let's get started
first up the L'Oreal infallible
