hi guys and welcome back it's probably
the most nervous I've ever been of
filming a YouTube video maybe - my first
video but otherwise this is pretty we
came nervous and scary right now these
are hard videos to make let's just get
straight into it I have some news and
pretty big news and it's kind of taken
over my life for a very long time now I
don't even know how to say it so I'm
just gonna say it I have been given my
own TV show perhaps a weird weird for
the past three and a half months I've
been making a documentary for the BBC
called troll hunters
now they got in touch after you look
disgusting and we're just amazing
everything they were just like we really
want to work with you and asked me to
present a documentary for them I
remember the first documentary that ever
stood out to me and that was Super Size
Me from Morgan Spurlock and I'm a huge
fan of Louie Thrun so I was definitely
nervous going into this because I'm like
I love these people they are so
experienced I've never done this before
what if I'm terrible what if I can't do
it what if I get to skip it so it's
definitely been a challenge and it's
been one that I've quite enjoyed we're
really seen it disgusting I have so many
emails and messages and tweets from
other people that I had experienced
similar things to me but I also knew
that other people had it a lot worse and
some people get some pretty horrific
messages sent to them on a daily basis
online and those are things that I
wanted to learn more about I wanted to
investigate
and I wanted to find out why because I'm
sure a lot of people eyes think that as
well
why do people send messages like that
why do people send these horrible
messages so trollhunters is the show it
will be on BBC 3 in a couple of weeks
time now on Wednesday I will be able to
tell you the exact day so make sure you
are following me on Twitter snapchat and
Instagram to keep up-to-date with all
the announcements about the TV show
thank you so much for all your support
and everything that you guys have done
for me I feel so lucky and thankful to
have been given this opportunity from
the BBC and for half them believe in me
to make this program and I couldn't have
done that without you guys so thank you
but also believing in me and supporting
me and I wouldn't get these
opportunities if it wasn't for you guys
I really hope you enjoy the show and I'm
very nervous and I don't know I just
feel like I feel so many emotions right
now but I'm definitely really nervous
and I hope that you guys enjoy it
because it has been a bit of an
emotional roller coaster Dominic thank
you so much for all your love and
support I really hope you enjoy the TV
show and I'll see you guys soon
