hi guys and welcome back today I'm
talking you through my winter pamper
routine after set in the mood I just
like to pin and twist my hair to keep it
off my face before moving straight on to
skincare
I love the pixie nourishing cleansing
balm to remove my makeup I just massage
that onto my skin and then remove it
using a hot cloth now that my skin has
cleared up slightly I feel like I have a
lot more confidence to try new products
the Braun facial brush is pretty cool
because it has both fair facial apple
odor
and a cleansing brush just in one
products the refill pack comes with four
different brush heads I really like this
pink one for sensitive skin because I
feel like it's the best for my skin type
is also an exfoliating brush and even a
makeup sponge - on to the second clans
and the Juliet skin brightening gel
cleanser is one of my favorite products
of all time I apply my cleanser all over
my skin and then I take my braun
cleansing brush and like to gently
massage that cleanser into my skin you
really do feel like it's getting rid of
anything that's left there after 2 to 3
minutes I'll pop the brush head off run
it under the tap to make sure it's nice
and clean and then just leave it to dry
I've removed my second cleanser by
splashing some water onto my skin and
patting it dry with a clean flannel you
can see it really does work next up is
the Antipodes or manuka honey mask
because no pump and edge is complete
without a face mask Antipodes products
work so well on my skin and i definitely
see a difference after using this face
mask whilst this is set in I take the
opportunity to run a nice hot relaxing
bath one of my favorite things about
bath time is being able to use a bubble
bar this is the lush peepin santur
bubble bar that I just like to crumble
up under the hot tap unfortunately it
looks like Santa Claus has met a grisly
end let's yell at move on next up the
father Christmas pal form to add that
extra touch of luxurious feeling to the
bath and I just like to let
do his fizzy green thing after around 15
minutes it's time to remove the facemask
I like to splash some warm water onto my
skin then I use a nice clean flannel to
pat my skin dry now that my skin is
looking and feeling good it's bath time
I am way too clumsy to use my phone in
the bathtub so I like to take the time
to catch up on world affairs and read
what's going on in the news instead back
to the serious business of bath time I
like to use the soap & Glory scrub of
your life to exfoliate my skin and to
keep it feeling really soft I always
think it's important to use a good scrub
on your body and this one is one of my
favorites after a bath I use the
Elizabeth Arden 8 hour cream intensive
moisturizing body treatment I use this
as an all-over body moisturizer I really
like the hand cream so it made sense to
use this one on my body
the last skin care product I swear by is
the pixi nourishing sleep mask I always
see a difference in my skin after using
this overnight and what better way to
end a pamper evening then the chill out
with a little bit of youtube and a
little bit of Netflix too and to ensure
I get a good night's sleep I use the
this works deep sleep pillow spray I
just spray that a couple of times onto
my pillow
before jumping into bed thank you so
much for watching guys I really hope you
enjoyed this style of video and I will
see you soon
good night hi guys and welcome back so
this has to be my most requested video
ever today I'm going to be talking you
through all the skincare products that
have made a difference to my skin so I
hope you enjoy and don't forget to give
this video a huge thumbs up and don't
forget to subscribe
I've wanted to film this video for so
long but I wanted to do it in a
responsible way
