hi guys and welcome back I am freakin
feeling the club can you see my face
shinin because it is shining like a
disco ball I don't know what got into me
today but I was just like I want to be
glowing like the Sun brighter than the
Sun and we ended up here today this
drugstore
plummy glowy look don't forget to hit
that subscribe button so you can be
notified and keep up to date with every
video that I post Wednesdays at 9:00
p.m. UK time which is 3 p.m. central
time for you soon bye let's start by
priming our face today I'm using be
l'oreal infallible mattify and base
primer
next I'm gonna fill in my brows today
I'm using the mix eyebrow cake powder
palette I do have a in depth brow
tutorial using Anastasio products if you
would like to see that I'll leave that
link down below but because this is the
drugstore video I'm gonna use this one
today to carve out my brows I'm using
the Loreal lasting finish concealer in
the shade porcelain moving on to
foundations Oriole True Match in the
shade and one with a small amount of the
Vichy which is also an L'Oreal brand and
this is the dermablend in the shade 0-5
I'm using the real techniques miracle
complexion sponge I'm actually much
preferring this sponge to the Beauty
Blender at the moment I just prefer the
texture of this right now
now that my base layer of foundation is
done I'm going to move on to contouring
today I'm using the LA girl Pro conceal
in the shade cool tan I'm also going to
bring this down the sides of my chin
going to blend that out using the side
of my miracle complexion sponge
but blusher today I'll use the NYX stick
blusher
and this is the shade water lily I'm
just going to dab this onto my cheeks
and I'm just going to blend that out
now that I've blinded out my blusher I'm
going to move back into my eyes because
I like to leave my highlights and
concealer to the very end I don't have
an exact dupe for the soft ochre Paint
Pot so I'm going to use the Rimmel
lasting finish concealer in the shade
porcelain inset why the concealer like I
worked with an eye primer to set the
concealer I'm using the makeup
revolution touch me I shadow to add some
more definition to my lips I'm going to
take this bronzer shade care from the
makeup revolution golden sugar ultra
blush palette this is going straight
into the deepest part 3 next I'm going
to take this light shimmer bronze shade
it's going to apply that Eastern that
same Real Techniques bold metal brush
all over the lid a small coat of the
lash sensational waterproof mascara for
lashes I'm going for the Fleur de force
Ilia Fleur love's lashes and these are
the three quarter length ones
let's conceal those hands our eyes I'm
using the NYX HD concealer in the shade
porcelain and softly blend in my
concealer out using my finger before
switching to the miracle complexion
sponge
to set my under eye area I'm using the
NYX HD photogenic powder
but any breakouts or patches of redness
that may still be showing I'm taking
some of the NYX HD concealer on the back
of my hand and I'm just going to apply
that using my finger moving on to
highlight I'm going to take this light
golden shade here I'm just going to
sweep that across the highest points of
my cheeks
next I'm taking the lightest highlight
shade and I'm just going to pin pipe
that on to the highest point on my
cheekbone so I'm applying a mix of both
highlighters onto the tip of my nose and
my Cupid's bow I'm going to apply some
of that lightest highlight shade into
the tear duct area of my eyes to finish
off the look I'm going to bring some
drama to the lips so I'm applying the
nyx transylvania soft matte lip cream
and I've just realized that I forgot to
put mascara on my bottom lashes so I'm
just going to go ahead and pop some of
that on
thank you so much for watching I really
hope you enjoyed this drugstore look now
I freaking love drugstore makeup I just
really wish there were better concealers
and better foundations on the market
there is definitely a gap in the market
for a good foundation and concealer that
actually works and doesn't cost like 20
pounds or 20 dollars because I am fed up
of pain for really expensive products I
just want to spend a fiver on something
and it be amazing is that so much to ask
for probably is but you know I don't
want to spend money on it I just want it
to work and not cost very much anyway
let's move on thank you so much for
watching guys as always please don't
forget to hit that subscribe button so
you can stay tuned to every video that I
post don't forget that you can also
follow me on Twitter snapchat and
Instagram at my pal spin blog so come on
over and say hi you so much for watching
and as always I'll see you guys soon bye
hi guys in today's micro tutorial I'm
showing you how I fill in my brows I was
not blessed with good brows so I kind of
have to cheat a little bit and get them
looking how I want them with a few added
tools
