hi guys in today's micro tutorial I'm
showing you how I fill in my brows I was
not blessed with good brows so I kind of
have to cheat a little bit and get them
looking how I want them with a few added
tools now this video was really highly
requested after my wings liner video so
I do hope you enjoyed this one just as
much don't forget to hit that subscribe
button so you can be notified I'd ensure
that you don't miss a video whenever I
post a tutorial I hope you enjoy this
video and I will see you guys soon bye
to start I'm going to show you my brows
in mineral state and you can definitely
see that they need a slight bit of work
to start I'm going to brush through them
with a spoolie this is from Anastasia
Beverly Hills and I'm going to move on
to using the taupe brow ways I love to
use this pencil to fill in and outline
my brows there are many brow pencils
like this on the market but this is one
I find myself coming back to on a daily
basis so I like to start off by just
outlining the general shape of my brow
on the top and the bottom before moving
into the central area and just trying to
build up that color using the brow Wiz
when filling in your brows patience is
so important always keep going back to
that spoolie and brushing through the
brows to make sure the product is even
for the front section I like this to
look as clean and natural as possible so
I'm applying a very small amount and
then brushing that in an upwards
direction to distribute for the tail I'm
going to the dip brow in the shade taupe
just to darken this up and give it a
little bit more structure and using a
brush from crown brush to apply this
I'll leave a link in the description box
I'm just gently mapping out the shape of
the tail
to deepen up the tail of my brow and
move into the anastasia dipbrow and this
is in the shade medium brown i'm just
going to take this on an angled brush
this one is from a Nastasia I'm just
using this shade to fill in the gap
underneath the arch of my brow and just
to add a little bit more structure to it
once again I'm using that spoolie just
to distribute and just constantly blend
out some of that product it's always
better to take your time then go in it's
too strong if you're not feeling
confident so don't be afraid to take
your time on this going back in with the
taupe dip brow I'm just going to start
feathering it over and extending it
slightly above my natural brow to create
the illusion of a thicker brow and once
again using the spoolie to blend out
that product before going back in with
the medium brown just to ensure that it
is dark in the places where I want it
dark using a light hand and the remnant
product that's on the brush I'm going to
bring the medium brown in a very small
stroke to the under section of the front
of the brow and then blend in that in an
upwards direction using my spoolie just
to distribute this and make sure it's
looking even and natural next I'm going
to carve them out I'm using the NARS
radiant creamy concealer in shunt Li you
can use any concealer for this that's
the same color or slightly lighter than
your skin tone I'm taking an angled
liner brush I think this one is from
zoeva I'm just going to underline my
brow use in small motions before moving
into my finger to blend this out now
usually I would do this before I apply
my eye makeup but it would be really
boring for you to watch I didn't have
eye makeup on so I'm doing it this way
around today yeah I'm just gonna carry
on blending that concealer out and
constantly apply blend out apply blend
out until you have it in the way that
you want now don't go too overboard with
the concealer but you know just go
enough until you're happy
you need to tighten up any areas just go
back in with your dipbrow and then
tighten that up using your concealer
brush and you can see that it really
does help give a smooth and sharp
outline to the brow now it's completely
up to you depending on the look that you
like if you want to conceal over the top
part of the brow or just do the bottom I
kind of make it up as I go along
sometimes not gonna lie
finally all that's left to do is set
your brows I'm using the anastacio clear
brow gel to do this there are lots of
drugstore alternatives out there that
are just as good use whichever one that
you get on the best wig and here is the
finished eye brow and it really is quite
simple when you get the hang of it to
get your brows looking how you want from
zero definitely zero definitely zero to
hit row that's better so that's how I
personally like to wear my brows and I
hope this was useful to you guys too so
thank you so much for watching I hope
you enjoyed this I Pro tutorial I am NOT
an eyebrow expert I'm not gonna cry
wizard and I probably have a lot more
skills that I could learn no eyebrows
aren't necessarily my strong point
sometimes I get them very very wrong and
I watch a video back and I'm like they
look terrible why did you do your brows
that way still learning still trying to
get there but this is how I do my brows
at the moment so I do hope you enjoyed
this video if you have any other
suggestions for micro tutorials then do
let me know in the comment section below
do you want to see eyelashes do you want
to see contour in lip liner lipstick let
me know and hopefully I can make it
happen for you thanks for watching guys
and as always please don't forget to
subscribe and I'll see you again soon
bye
hi guys and welcome back in today's
video I'm going to be showing you how to
do this glamorous for makeup look don't
forget to hit that subscribe button so
you can stay tuned to every video that I
post and just for the record I post
every Wednesday at 9 p.m. UK time which
is 3 o'clock Central Time
thank you so much for watching I really
hope you enjoyed this video and I'll see
you guys soon bye
