hi guys and welcome back in today's
video I'm going to be showing you how to
do this glamorous for makeup look don't
forget to hit that subscribe button so
you can stay tuned to every video that I
post and just for the record I post
every Wednesday at 9 p.m. UK time which
is 3 o'clock Central Time thank you so
much for watching I really hope you
enjoyed this video and I'll see you guys
soon bye to start I'm going to prime my
skin using the Marc Jacobs invisible
undercover coconuts primer this primer
smells incredible now that my face is
primed I'm going to move on to my
eyebrows to fill in my brows I'm using
the taupe brow Wiz by Anastasia Beverly
Hills I've mapped out the shape of my
brow I'm going to take my dip brow in
the shade soft brown just to intensify
the tail land I'm going to carve out my
brows using the D 1w derma color and I'm
using the brow drama from Maybelline
just to set those brows moving onto
foundation today I'm going to wear the
Vichy dermablend in the shade porcelain
now I've never actually used this
product before so I'm hoping that this
doesn't go horribly wrong let's find out
together I'm just going to buff this
foundation into my skin
moving on to concealer and to cover my
breakouts I'm using the high coverage
for under-eye concealer from Laura
Mercier Pat that over any redness that's
still shown to contour I'll be using the
Illamasqua gel sculpt in the shade
silhouette I'm just going to apply this
into the hollows of my cheeks and also
across the top of my forehead I took my
turn to blend out my contour I'm using
the same at bareMinerals smoothing face
brush that I used for my foundation
for blusher I'm using the Daniel Sandler
cream blush and this is in the shade
soft peach just going to apply that
using my finger onto the apples of my
cheeks
I've got the majority of my base
complete so now I'm going to move on to
my eye shadow I'm going to prime my
eyelids using the Mac Paint Pot in the
shade soft ochre
for eyeshadow I'm using the sleek I last
24k gold collection the gold standard
pallet actually received this palette in
the mail today so thank you sleek and I
haven't used it before so let's try it
out
I was going to use another palette but
then I really liked these shades and I'm
going to use this one instead gold cream
shape here and I'm just going to apply
that all over the lid
and using a c4 for one blending brush
I'm just going to blend that out
moving on to this lighter cream shadow
here I'm just going to press that into
the center of the lid using my Clinique
pretty easy liquid eyeliner pen I'm just
going to add a very small wing
to darken up that lash line I'm using
the Elizabeth Arden a beautiful color
smokey eyeliner in the shade black
before I pop my lashes on I'm going to
add one two little coat of the great
lashes mascara from Maybelline
For Lashes today I'm wearing the House
of lashes noir theory
going back to that same sleek palette
I'm going to take this warm gold shade
here using this gold metallic eyeshadow
in the center I'm just going to run that
along my lower lash line and for the
inner corner I'm going to take the
lightest shade
using the Elizabeth Arden smokey black
pencil I'm going to line my lower lash
line with that same pencil brush we used
earlier I'm going to take the darkest
shade from the palette and just smudge
that underneath the eye line
I'm just going to touch up the eyeliner
on the upper lash line I'm just going to
paste my bottom lashes with the Great
Lash mascara by Maybelline to conceal my
under eye area I'm using the high
coverage you can see that by lower
Messier
to set my under eye area and the rest of
my face i'm using the Vichy dermablend
setting powder going to dust off the
excess powder
in to highlight teasingly makeup
revolution vivid highlighter and this is
almost a dupe for the mirror Luminizer
so I'm going to go with this one today
I feel like going through a really dark
lips today so I'm lining my lips you
some be intense intense licorice lip
line up from clinic
next I'm filling in the inner corners
for lipstick and wearing the Anastasia
Beverly Hills trust issues liquid
lipstick if you don't have this one you
could wear something like these scorned
to lipstick from collection or the NYX
vintage lipstick they are all basically
the same color
thank you so much for watching I really
hope you enjoyed this glamorous fall
makeup look don't know what I do with my
hands but I seem to be doing this all
the time at the moment stop doing that
I woke up today and was like I really
want to wear a dark lip so I'm kind of
feeling the dark lip I hope that you're
diggin it too because I think I am you
know I really think I am and so this is
my glamorous fall look gonna keep
wearing those dark lips until it gets
winter then it is all about the red um I
really hope you enjoyed this video guys
and don't forget that you can follow me
on snapchat Instagram and Twitter at my
pale-skinned blog so don't ever be
afraid to come over and say hey how are
you doing because I'll be here I'll read
it I'll reply so don't forget to say hi
thank you so much for watching guys and
as always I will see you guys very soon
hopefully sooner than you think
but otherwise every Wednesday at nine
o'clock UK or 3 o'clock Central Time
thanks for watching guys bye hi guys and
welcome back in today's video I'm going
to be showing you how to do this
dramatic black glitter smokey eyed look
make sure you hit that subscribe button
to keep up to date with all the videos
that I upload I hope you enjoy bye
today I'm going to challenge myself and
