hi guys and welcome back today I'm going
to be showing you how I remove my makeup
after a night out recently I got to say
in an amazing hotel and I thought what
better way to spend the evening then
filming a YouTube video in the bathroom
so this is my makeup removal video I
hope you enjoy when removing my makeup I
like to do two cleansers first of all I
use the pixi nourishing cleansing balm
and I apply a small amount to the main
areas of my skin and then work that in
using small circular motions this
product is great at removing anything
from waterproof mascara to glitter the
foundation to eyebrow products you name
it this balm gets rid of it next I like
to use one of my surgical gauzes which
you may have seen me talking about in my
skincare video and using some very warm
water I like to just steam my face for a
moment before I start to use that cloth
to remove the balm and makeup from my
skin
and as you can see from the state of
this goods it really does remove a lot
of makeup now it's time for the second
cleanse
I love the Antipodes Juliet skin
brightening gel cleanser and I like to
apply a small amount into the palm of my
hand and then using small circular
motions I work this all into my skin now
this second cleanse is going to remove
any of the balm that may be remaining on
the skin and also any stubborn makeup
and traces as products that may still be
there
sometimes if I want my skin to feel a
little bit more refreshed I like to cup
some cooler water onto my face
and then using a clean face cloth I just
like to remove any of the excess water
to exfoliate I love using the Antipodes
reincarnation pure facial exfoliator I
apply an almond sized amount onto my
fingers before applying this onto my
face and working that into my skin using
small circular motions I especially like
to concentrate on any areas where I'm
prone to congestion
you
finally I go back to using my gauze and
I remove any of the exfoliator from my
skin
when I'm confident that my skin is clean
I like to move on to apply in my eye
cream this is the BCI delia eyes I apply
there straight out of the tube to the
under eye area and then using my ring
finger I gently Pat this in small
circular motions around the eye contour
area usually at this point I'll apply my
nights treatment but I'm having the best
skin day of my life today so I'm just
going to move straight on to my shear
transformation moisturizer instead and I
like to apply an almond shaped amount
just to the back of my hand I work that
into my skin using a combination of
massage and some upward strokes and that
is it it really is that simple to take
your makeup off after a night out now I
love the feeling of clean refreshed skin
and today is the best my skin has looked
in a very long time and I can't even
begin to tell you how happy I am about
this if you want to know about all the
products that I use to clean up my acne
then I will leave the link to my
skincare video in the description box
below thank you so much for watching
guys and please don't forget to
subscribe and give this video a huge
thumbs up I'll see you guys soon bye hi
guys and welcome back so this has to be
my most requested video ever today I'm
going to be talking you through all the
skincare products that have made a
difference to my skin
