hi guys and welcome back in today's
video I'm going to be showing you how to
do this Harley Quinn Suicide Squad
makeup look if you're looking for a
traditional Harley Quinn look this is
not the one that you this is the new
film look I hope you enjoy it and I'm
not even gonna embarrass myself and try
and do a Harley Quinn impression because
I can't
thanks for watching guys I hope you
enjoy bye to start I'm going to prime my
face today I'll be using the NYX HD
studio photogenic primer in the pictures
from the Suicide Squad set it looks like
Harley Quinn's foundation is a little
bit lighter than her skin tone so to
achieve that look I'm going to be mixing
together shade 3 and shade 1 from the
Illamasqua skin base range going to
apply that all over my skin
I'm also going to bring the foundation
down my neck to ease the transition to
conceal any breakouts that are still
showing I'm going to be using the
Kryolan D 406 shade now this is usually
my highlight shade but because we've
gone lighter on the foundation today I'm
going to use it just to cover up any
blemishes or redness that's still
showing through with our base done I'm
going to move on and in to the brows I'm
going to fill them in lightly using the
Anastasia brow Wiz in the shade soft
Brown
next I'm going to set my brows using the
bodyshop clear brow gel I'm going to
prime my eyelids using NYX jumbo eye
pencil in the shade milk then I'm just
going to blend that out using my finger
next I'm going to move on to the crazy
eye shadow that Harley Quinn wears to
get the vibrant shades I'm going to be
used in the Urban Decay electric palette
to start with I'm going to be taking
this vibrant pink shade here called
savage to apply my shadow I'm going to
be using the C 4:07 jumbo eye shadow
brush from crown brush I'm just gently
starting to blend that out towards the
tail of my brows then I'm going to go
back in for a tiny bit more of the color
savage and just pop that straight onto
the lid next I'm going to move on to
this blue shade here called gonzo sweet
that shadow all over the lid
I'm just going to go back in and just
add a tiny bit more straight on to the
lid now it's time to darken up those
lids for eyeliner I'm going to be using
the bourgeois contour clubbing
waterproof eyeliner
lyza eyeliner all over the lash line I'm
also going to feather the eyeliner out
in a very slight wing next I'm going to
take a small pencil brush and just
smudge at that eyeliner once I've got it
smudged out I'm just going to go back
over the lash line next I'm going to add
some mascara today I'll be using the
Maybelline lash sensational and I'm just
going to apply that to my top lashes for
now I'm just going to apply some lashes
today I'm going to be wearing the Ardell
whispers so I'm just going to go back to
my boys wha eyeliner and just cover up
any of the glue to cover up any
under-eye dark circles I'm going to be
using the NARS radiant creamy concealer
in the shade
Chantilly this is the lightest concealer
I have but if you do have something
lighter or whiter then by all means go
for that to set my under eye area I'm
going to be using the Ben Nye neutral
set colorless powder you can use any
white or translucent powder to do this
I'm just going to line my lower lash
line
and I'm going to smudge up that liner
using my pencil brush Margo has the pink
and blue eye shadow running down its
sides of her cheeks so I'm just going to
apply a touch more of those shadows just
to really give that smudged and messy
look I'm going to take the shade savage
but I'm just going to run from my brush
straight down I'm going to take the
shade gonzo and I'm going to press that
right into the lower lash line and if
you feel like evil eye it's too much
shadow just take a small fluffy blending
brush and just gently softly blend it
out to really intensify that smudge
shadow I'm going to take a small amount
of this black straight here from the
sleek oh so special power
you can use any black or slate or dark
gray color to do this by that onto the
outer edge of the lower lash line with
our eyes done I'm going to finish off
the rest of my face so I'm going to go
back to that been night neutral set
colorless powder I'm just going to
powder my whole face to make sure that
my foundation doesn't slip and stays all
night
margot robbie has some amazing
cheekbones so i'm going to go in and
contour to give that really sharp
chiseled look to do that I'll be using
the NYX taupe blusher I'm also going to
apply this along my temples and the top
of my forehead
now Holly Quinn has a beautiful ruby red
lip unfortunately I don't have a red lip
liner so I'm going to be using this
raspberry lip liner from number seven if
you have a red lip liner then by all
means go in with that but I'm just gonna
make do with what I've got now that I've
got the shape where I want it I'm just
going to thicken up that line up today
I'm going to be used in the liquid
lipstick from the balm this is the Matt
Hughes devoted lipstick I'm just going
to widen my smile slightly finally I'm
just going to add Holly's heart under
her eye
to take that shine off the eyeliner I'm
just going to gently Pat it over with my
powder brush with my makeup done let's
move on to sorting up my hair now that I
have my wig on it's time to make
Harley's pigtails so I'm going to tie my
hair up using some small elastics I'm
going to make sure that I leave the
front two sections down next I'm going
to add some colors elastic so I didn't
actually have a blue and a red one so
I've just covered these two white
elastics in nail polish to get them to
the chosen colors harley doesn't just
have blonde hair she actually brings her
shadow shaped into her hair as well so
to achieve that I'm actually going to
use some hair chalk these are the
bodyshop hair chalks I have you can use
any hair chalk or sprays to do this and
I have a pink and a blue so I'm just
going to go ahead and run that through
the ends of my wig we're just going to
brush that chalk through just to
distribute it when you're happy with how
you've got the one side just move on to
the next color
but all that's left to do is just a
little bit of backcombing to stop that
hair looking too neat and too tidy
thank you so much for watching I really
hope you enjoyed this Suicide Squad
Halloween type look let me know in the
comments if you did don't forget that
you can follow me on Twitter snapchat
and Instagram to keep up with everything
that I'm up to on a daily basis and I
really hope you enjoyed this look so
please don't forget to subscribe so you
never miss a video thanks for watching
guys bye
hi guys and welcome back in today's
video I'm going to be showing you how to
do this easy
autumn or fall makeup look I hope you
enjoy and I'll see you guys soon bye
