hi guys and welcome back in today's
video I'm going to be showing you how I
do my winged liner I'm going to be using
my favorite liner and that is the artist
of makeup extreme art liner pen the tip
is a bristle tip and that means that you
can get a really great flexibility
around the contour of the eye because
it's quite tapered and thin on the end
you can really get that extra thin wing
that looks amazing and that's quite the
difference between a good wing and like
a clumsy wing sometimes or I used to
make really clumsy wings anyway and the
tip just on eyeliners wasn't working for
me when I switched to one like this my
eyeliner game improved ah that crazy so
this is how I do my winged liner I hope
you enjoy and I'll see you guys soon by
using my artist of makeup liner pen I'm
going to start by drawing a line from
the end of my lashes up towards the end
of my eyebrows then from about 3/4 of
the way up I'm going to follow that line
back down towards my pupil this will
create a sort of triangle shape now we
want to fill in that triangle using your
liner just to block that out in black
now if you want to sharpen up the edge
of your wing and just change the angle
slightly you can don't worry about there
being any mistakes at this point we will
fix those afterwards now that we have
our triangle on the end of the eye let's
move on to connect in that triangle to
the lash line so I'm going to be
utilizing the side of my eyeliner notice
how I'm holding it and using the sides
of that liner we can really use that
flat long edge to our advantage and it
will really help get a much more even
finish to the liner so I'm slowly just
drawing that edge up and then joining it
into that triangle the beauty about this
liner is you can really really take your
time and get it perfect in maybe five or
six stroke
rather than one fat stroke and then you
know you've ruined it because I still
get this wrong sometimes if you've made
any mistakes then just grab your
concealer I'm using the derma color
because it's super high pigmented and
then using a concealer brush I'm just
going to very gently conceal over any
areas that I've made any mistakes
because you know I'm only human and I
make mistakes too so I'm just using that
pointed edge on the Real Techniques
concealer brush just to neaten up the
edge of that eyeliner and I'm just going
to blend that out using my finger when
you've got your wing to a point where
you know you're feeling good you can go
back in with your eyeliner and really
emphasize the tail on that wing if you
feel like it might have been covered
over with concealer a little much so I'm
just going to elongate the edge of that
wing and I'm carefully just feathering
it up from the lid into the edge of the
wing and this is how it looks I'm going
to repeat this on the other side so you
can see how I get them to work now one
of my eyelids is bigger than the other
so this wing may look a little bit
different and but I try and you know
make them sisters so you can see I've
just drawn the end line and then folded
that line back onto the lids to create
that triangle and now I'm just slowly
filling in that triangle using that
eyeliner
thing that I find the most important
here is taking my time if I'm not
feeling confident or if I don't want to
screw it up because I still screw up
sometimes and but I'm just making sure
that that triangle is blocked out as
much as possible and as close to the
lash line as possible when I've got that
to a position where I want it and then
going to use the side of the brush again
and just drag that liner over to the
inner corner of the eye
now that we've mapped out our baseline
we can start connecting the base to the
triangle so again all I'm going to do is
just use small movements and start to
angle my brush upwards to just connect
that baseline into the triangle now you
can make your baseline as thick or thin
as you want I like to keep it quite thin
because I find that that suits my eye
shape once again if you need to sharpen
up that liner at all then you can go in
with your pointed concealer brush and
get that liner as sharp and as neat as
you want don't be afraid to make
mistakes because you can fix them and if
you don't try you don't learn and then
you want you know master it and this is
how the finished eyeliner looks so you
get a full picture I'm just going to
apply some mascara and then also apply
it some lashes as well these are the
sweet romance lashes from house of
lashes and these are great
low-key wares after I apply my lashes I
like to go back in using my eyeliner
just to cover up any of the glue and
just to also reinforce eyes that base
line I find that this really does make a
difference to the finished look and
gives you such a flawless appearance to
your eyeliner all it's left is to just
apply one last coat of mascara and
really work that into the root of the
lash to create that flawless liner edge
so here is the finished liner look and I
really hope you enjoyed this video I
hope you liked this micro tutorial if
you did then let me know in the comments
if there were any others that you would
like to see do you want to see lashes do
you want to see brows is there anything
that you want to see let me know in the
comments below
and if you did enjoy this video then
please don't forget to like it by giving
it a huge thumbs up and don't forget to
subscribe so you never miss another
video I'll see you guys soon bye
