hi guys and welcome back so for today's
video I thought I'd do something I
haven't actually tried on my channel
before and that is a makeup challenge so
today I'm going to try the five product
face and what that means is I have to do
my entire makeup or as much of it as I
can use in no more than five product I
honestly have no idea how this is gonna
go usually I practice my tutorials
before I actually film them and upload
them I'm using products I haven't
actually tried before so biscuit biscuit
and terribly often news I'm possibly
having the best skin day I've had in
quite a while my skin is pretty smooth
today and now I've got quite a lot of
redness and that's mainly scarring that
you're saying but in terms of active
breakouts I don't actually have any
active breakouts right now this is
purely just scarring that you are saying
and I feel like I've got one one by here
so this one is raised whereas the rest
are flat so that is a good skin day and
that is definitely good news because I'm
only allowed to use five products today
so let's see how we get on full
foundation today I'll be using the pixie
illuminating tint and conceal now this
is actually a tinted moisturizer and it
even has a concealer on the end so drops
it viscount's is one product you see
what I did there I only have five
products so unfortunately I'm going to
forgo a primer today and we're just
gonna go straight on would be tinted
moisturizer not sure I'm liking it with
the brush I'm gonna go to my fingers and
just Pat it in instead we have our
foundation done and I actually really
like it it does definitely illuminate so
if you do like a dewy look then you
might really like this obviously it's
just a tinted moisturizer so it's not
covered any of our breakouts in the slow
first but as I said in my last video
we're not expecting it to at this point
all we want to do is give ourselves a
really nice starting ground to then
apply the rest of our concealers and the
rest of our face on afterwards going to
move on to concealer and I'm going to
try using a brush first and see how I
get on with that so I'm just going to
run the brush just over the top let's
try and work some product onto it I want
to try and avoid puttin the concealer
directly onto my skin but I don't know
how this is gonna go so I might need to
do that anyway
you can see straight away it gets a much
better coverage if I put it on directly
let's move on to product number two and
that product is the naked 2 basics eyes
shadow palette I'm going to start by
filling in my brows so I'm going to take
this shape here which is called primal
and I'm going to use this to fill in my
brows so I'm just going to brush through
them just going to apply the shadow and
then start to fill it in
with our brows done let's move on to
eyeshadow because I can't use an
eyeshadow primer today I'm going to use
the concealer from the pixie conceal and
Kent going to apply this and using my
finger I'm just going to blend that all
the way out I'm going to apply it stark
all over the lid
next I'm going to take the shade cover
I'm going to apply that in the outer
corner of my eye and the crease
we're going to take a small pencil brush
and I'm going to apply the lightest
shade skimp just in the inner corner of
my eye I'm also going to use that shade
skip under my brow deepen up that crease
slightly using some of the shade undone
take a wet angled liner brush and I'm
going to take shade undone and using
these two together I'm just going to try
and create a fake eyeliner and if you
have any fallout you can just wipe that
away using a cloth I'm just going to
move on to mascara I'm going to use my
favorite which is the Maybelline lash
sensational
I'm going to use the body shop lip and
cheek velvet stick and this is shade 35
just apply a small amount just near the
apples of my cheek and using my finger
I'm just going to blend that in I'm also
going to use this same product as my
lipstick
I couldn't actually decide between a
bronzer or a contour or a concealer for
my fifth and final product and in the
end I've decided to go for the NARS
radiant creamy concealer I want that
extra brightness and lightness under my
eyes and I just feel like that ties the
entire lips together pat in and press in
that concealer in to my skin just to
blend it out and create a flawless
transition between the concealer and the
rest of my foundation back to the Naked
2 palette and I'm going to take the
shade cover and I'm just going to run
this under my lower lashes next I'm
going to take this kind of large shader
brush I don't know which brush this is I
just know it's from crown brush use the
shade skimp from the palette and I'm
just going to use this as a highlight so
across the tops of my cheeks and I'm
feeling brave but this is probably going
to be really stupid but I'm going to
take a large crown c-44 one brush which
is very similar to a Mac 217 take that
shade cover and very very lightly I'm
going to take that on that brush and
just tap off any excess just to contour
into the follows of my tricks
and here is the finished look
I do have to say that this was a quite a
big challenge for me and I feel like
coming off the back of it I should be
more resourceful with my makeup because
I'm so used to just using three
different concealers or two different
mascaras or lots of different makeup
products that this challenge really made
me think about the products that I'm
using and it made me think about how I'm
using them the fact that one product
managed to do a select contour my
eyebrows my eyeliner my eyeshadow and my
highlight on my face makes me think do I
really need to have ten different
products if one can do that many it was
very challenging to me and I guess you'd
hope it would be because it is a
challenge I didn't want to cheat and go
for just one product that had blusher
lips bronzer eyeshadow everything in one
product because that would be cheating
so this is the look that I've ended up
with and it's quite natural and I don't
know how long this look would last on my
skin because I haven't used the prime
mat I haven't set it and I haven't used
the powder so I reckon I would probably
only get a few hours where out of this
look but I did it and I did it using
only five products I really enjoyed
doing this challenge and I had a lot of
fun doing it so I hope you enjoyed
watching it and so me trying to struggle
yeah if there are any other makeup
challenges you would like to see me try
then please do let me know in the
comment section below because I always
love to hear your thoughts and
suggestions and also let me know what
you thought of the finished look thank
you so much for watching as always guys
please don't forget to subscribe so you
never miss a video and I will see you
guys soon bye
