hi guys so today I'm going to be doing a
classic pinup makeup look so I'm going
to start by priming my face today I'll
be using to be pixie flawless and
snoreless primer so I'm just going to
apply that on the back of my hands and
then
seems like I'm in a real pixie beauty
mood today because for foundation I'm
going to be using the pixie skin tip I'm
just going to apply this using my
fingers I'm going to Pat it into my skin
so I'm just patting this into my skin
and you can see it's given a really
beautiful dewy look and it's not
covering the breakouts but we're not
expecting it to all we want to do at
this stage is just create a nice even
face that gives us a great starting
ground for concealing and doing the rest
of our makeup next I'm going to move on
to eyebrows and to fill in my eyebrows
today I'm going to be using the
Anastasia brow Wiz
I'm just going to set those using the
rimmel bro this way clear brow gel let's
move on to the eyes to create an even
base I'm going to be using the Mac Paint
Pot in shape painting I'm going to apply
paint elite using my finger it's all
over the lid I'm going to be using the
Maybelline the nudes eyeshadow palette
I'm just going to apply this creamy
beige shade here all over the lids and
this is going to set our Paint Pot
going to take this slight shimmer shade
here and I'm going to use this just to
add a little bit of definition into the
crease next I'm going to take the
lightest shade in the palette and this
is a slight shimmer shade and then I'm
just going to Pat that straight onto the
lid for eyeliner today I'm going to be
using the NYX two-timer
eyeliner
for lisara I'll be using the Maybelline
lash sensational mascara this is my
favorite drugstore mascara
on those lashes using my liquid eyeliner
next I'm just going to curl my lashes to
make sure that the band and the lashes
are pieced together to conceal my
blemishes I'll be using the Crayola D 1
W and D 1/4 and I'm just going to scrape
a small amount of each put them on the
back of your hand and I just mix them
together on my hand and then apply them
using my brush and I find that when I do
it in this way it does create that kind
of creamy consistency for the product
and I find it so much easier to apply it
onto my skin I'm just patting that
camouflage cream using my finger to
distribute it into my skin and I find
that a finger is good to doing this
because the war
next I'm going to move on to concealing
the under eye area and to do that I'm
going to use the NARS radiant creamy
concealer and this is in shade one shant
Li and then I'm just going to blend that
out using my finger
I'm going to set that concealer using
the Ben Nye neutral set colorless powder
the contour I'm going to use the next
trick Russia
I love this Russia I haven't actually
used this in like forever but it's just
gives us such a nice shade
I find that all the way across my
forehead as well
making sure to just do some sound with
brushstrokes just to make sure that's
also a blusher I'm going to apply a very
small amount of these slick rose gold
rush'
so my battery just died annoyingly and
what you may have missed it is I just
applied to my all-time favorite
highlight the bombs mary-lou manizer use
an a sweeping fan brush I applied it
onto the tops of my cheeks my nose the
bridge of the nose my Cupid's bow and
just the highest point under the arches
of my brows to line my lips are going to
be using the MUA and this is the intense
color lip liner in the shade red drama
and I'm pretty sure this lip liner is
only one pound
now that I've got the outline done I'm
just going to start filling in the rest
of my lips
some lipstick say I'm going to be using
a wire sell lipstick and this is the
Rouge pur Couture in shade 0-1 now if
you don't want to use a high-end
lipsticks then you don't have to do you
could use something like the Bourjois
Rouge fish and velvet in hot pepper
which are very similar shades so I'm
just going to apply this straight on the
pillow
finally the very last thing I'm going to
do is take some of the bushwa color
edition and I don't know what actual
shades this is I'm afraid I just know
that it's the whites one I'm just going
to use a small pencil brush and I'm
going to apply this just into the tear
duct area to give us that extra little
pop of shimmer
thank you so much for watching I really
hope you enjoyed this look now growing
up I was obsessed with people like
Marilyn Monroe and Diana Dors
and even Anna Nicole Smith love to hear
any suggestions from you on future lick
so please do let me know in the comments
and I'm thinking maybe I'll do a modern
pinup inspired look off the back of this
one so if you'd like to see that then
let me know in the comments section
below thank you so much for watching and
supporting and as always guys please
don't forget to give it a huge thumbs up
and don't forget to subscribe to see
never miss a video I'll see you guys
soon bye
