hi guys and welcome back so today I'm
going to do a favorites video for you or
i haven't done one of these in like
forever so I'm really sorry about that
you guys don't really get to see much
about me on my channel and I looked at
it today and I kind of got a little bit
sad whilst looking at my channel because
all my videos are kind of like tutorial
after tutorial after tutorial and I know
that that's what you guys like to see
but at the same time I feel like um I
feel like you don't actually get to see
me and you don't actually get to know me
in my videos so i wanted to start doing
a few chatty videos with you and I
thought that my July favorite was the
best way to bring that to you so here we
are my first makeup favorite in July is
the Vegas nay i lure lash collection now
Vegas nay is one of my favorite people
to follow out an Instagram she was one
of the very first people that did a
shout out for me on instagram back in
think that was back in March or April
time and my Instagram account kind of
blew up because if people like Vegas nay
he will share in me and sharing some of
my acne videos on their channels I
actually almost squealed with excitement
when I saw her lashes in superdrug here
in the UK and I picked up two different
types of lashes I got the shining star
lashes and I also got the grand glamour
lashes they honestly look like really
expensive boutique and like mink style
lashes they are so beautiful and they
don't have that kind of horrible um you
know when you see lashes and they have
that really machines type edge and they
just they just don't appeal to me
whereas these are so soft and so sultry
looking I I just love them let's move on
to lipstick add my favorite lipstick i
have this month is the maybelline color
sensational lipstick and this is in
shade 84
to probably should have cleaned that
before I started filming this video and
this is the lipstick that I'm wearing
today I absolutely love this I don't
know why I love it so much um I just
think it's such a beautiful color and
it's very much a sort of my lips but
better color it's that kind of topi pink
shade but because it's one of the pearl
ones it does have that really nice Sheen
and it's got a slightly glossy finish to
it so I definitely love this as much as
I would love to fill a favorites video
with about 10 different foundations on
five different concealers fortunately I
have only found one product this month
that I fought oh that's actually quite
good and that is the rim or much
perfection concealer and this one just
has a little brush applicator I just
like to you know dispense it on to my
hands if I'm going to use it on any
breakout areas or if I'm going to use it
on my under eye area then i will just
you know go for it I used it in a video
and a couple of you guys were like why
is that not in your top five concealers
video and I go through stages where I
forget what makeup I own and then I dig
something at the drawer and I'm like oh
my gosh this is amazing why have I not
use this in like forever and this is one
of those project so it's drugstore yes I
know how much we like drugstore products
I like drugstore products to one niqqa
form well so this one is in added to the
projects which you might see pop it up
in lots of videos in August I don't have
any new powders to report to you guys
this month but i do have a finishing
spray and that spray is the pixi by
petra makeup fixin mist and this one
contains rose water and green tea so I
spray this on my face when I'm done and
it has a really nice what in my mouth
it's got a really nice kind of um gentle
application to it it applies really
evenly and you can use this kind of like
the smashbox primer I guess so you can
use it before makeup and to extend your
makeup where
and you can also use it after makeup to
set your makeup now I haven't used it
before makeup yet but I do notice a
difference when I use it after I apply
my makeup so the makeup I'm wearing
today it is now x it it's now quarter
past 9 i'm filming this on the evening
it's quarter past nine and i have had
this makeup on since two o'clock let's
see how bad it is yeah it's doing good
I've had this makeup on since two
o'clock possibly earlier actually since
one o'clock so that's eight hours we're
on this makeup and this is the same
makeup that I'm wearing in my flawless
foundation video by the way i will leave
the link here and yeah i set this using
the pixie spray and it is definitely
definitely prolonged the makeup usage
now i think this might be quite
expensive i'll leave the price on the
screen so you can make a judgment for
yourself with fits in your budget or not
I just definitely notice a difference
when I'm wearing it so definite new
favorite I have one more favorite this
month for makeup and that is not
actually a makeup product but it's a
storage product and this is the Z power
Z palette I call it said I want to call
it sides because I'm British I know that
it's probably pronounce zi pilot okay I
would totally just showed myself up
challenger in American accent hematite Z
palette like oh my god Z palette no I
just sound British with a weird accent
and I do that but this is a palette that
I picked up from imats here in London
and I love this so I've had a couple of
these individual anastacio I shadow pans
for quite a while but I haven't ever had
a case to put them in and I think this
is the Z palette palette pro I think it
might just be the medium one or the
large one I can't remember it's all
magnetic here on the black and it has
little magnetic clothes as well so
they're not going to come out and
they're just not going to fall
everywhere and it just
definitely keeps things Nita if you know
any kind of like reasonably priced or
fairly cheap I shadows there are
individual pans then let me know about
those as well because I want to keep
things as cost effective as possible so
everybody can try and do the tutorials
together if you'd have said to me a year
ago that I would be including this in a
favorites video I would have told you
that you are absolutely mad and no way
ever would I include this it's candle I
really don't know what's happened to me
recently but I've really gotten into
candles and I have never ever been into
candles like in my life have I ever been
seriously into candles and then I got
sent this one in the post and I don't
know what it is about this candle so I
actually looked on the pixi by petra
website the other day and I couldn't see
this candle for sale this is the pixie
mandarin orange and lemongrass coconut
vegetable wax candle that's handmade in
the USA you know where I can get a
mandarin orange and lemon grass candle
from please do let me know because I
have done some googling and I can't find
this damn thing anyway so if you know
any friends that do candles as good as
this again let me know in the comments
below because I have suddenly started
liking candles which is why I've also
gotten into thee who have I turned into
um I've also got into the yankee candle
and this is fire side streets it
basically makes your whole house smell
like sugar and I didn't realize how
strong this was until i left it burning
and when I went to shower and then I
came out in the shower and the whole
flat just kind of smelt like candy floss
and marshmallows
so hungry off the back of it I honestly
felt like I just wanted to demolish an
entire sweet shop and just eat
everything go sir my final favorite
and possibly the most important favorite
I wanted to mention in the video and
that is you guys and I know this might
sound like a cliche or it might sound
ridiculous but I honestly love you guys
I have had the strangest weirdest
craziest month of my entire life in July
and I just wanted to say a huge no I
can't even remember what I was saying
now basically I just wanted to say a
huge thank you to you guys because July
has been absolutely crazy to me I never
in a million years expected you look
disgusting or project why all day but
it's been known to me for the past six
weeks or before i started making it I
never in a million years thought that
that video would have the reaction that
it had and it honestly blows my mind
when I think about it the fact that it
has 14 million views 14 million people
have watched that video that is crazy to
me and I have it makes me cry boy I
really think about it and I just want to
say thank you because i am not used to
get in that level of support and I've
been through a lot of crap in my life
and there have been things that I've
been through that I would not put my
worst enemy through and that sentence
always makes me laugh because I once
went to my worst enemy for help and they
laughed you guys have absolutely no idea
how much you've changed my life and I
just want to say thank you because
because of you guys I have think of an
opportunities I have been dreaming about
for years and I've got it take me so
emotional I don't know I'm getting so
emotional I guess what's crazy to me is
how much one video you can change your
life and sometimes that's a good thing
and sometimes that's a bad thing and I
was very lucky to have something
beautiful come out of something that was
so negative and something that upset me
for a while and that's all because of
you guys so thank you for all your love
and thank you for all your support and
just for helping me and letting me be
the person I want to be and letting me
make videos and talking to me and i
think one I've met recently I am
somebody that it's not used to having
many friends and I am I guess I'm just
used to being lonely and because of this
video I guess I don't feel as lonely
anymore
thank you anyway I'm gonna stop rambling
because I'm really hungry and I hardly
eaten anything today which is really
naughty don't do that I've been really
nervous all day I've been a little bit
anxious and stressed today with some
stuff I've got going on work wise but
fingers crossed it will all be worth it
in the end and some exciting things
could happen but thank you so much for
watching I hope you enjoyed this video
and yes sorry for getting a little bit
emotional in the middle there someone so
thank you so much for all your love and
support and for being here and just
sticking with me and for everything that
you guys have done for me in the past
few weeks thank you i love you guys and
i will see you soon bye
