so it's 2018 and I'm not sure about you
guys but oh my god I am like so freaking
over being perpetually disappointed by
terrible products I like to think I test
and try out a lot of makeup definitely
definitely like to think that I'm
incredibly honest when it comes to
sharing my thoughts and feelings but
today I'm talking you through the best
products that I have tried products
which I have become obsessed with but I
cannot live without if I wake up one day
and none of them like exists just
suddenly discontinue every product that
I love would you even do that to
somebody if somebody did that I would
find them and I will track them down I'm
gonna talk you through the best makeup
and beauty products of 2017 let's go
through them you can have the best eye
shadow palette and the most flawless
skin if all you've got to apply your
makeup is like a rusty spoon or a shoe
then you are definitely gonna have a bad
time the right brushes can literally
make all the difference when it comes to
nail in that smoky eye or perfecting the
perfect foundation base and one brush
brand which I am utterly utterly
obsessed with and kind of have been
since the very first time I tried them
has the Biebs or Weaver brushes I loved
it the matter which set of brushes that
you purchase from zoeva
the quality always stays the same you
can always tell that it is as a weaver
brush from whether it's a rose gold to a
beautiful maroon brush from the
queensguard collection i don't think i
can remember the last time i actually
applied my eye makeup without using is a
weeper brush polity is amazing the
brushes are amazing the service is
amazing and whilst we're on the subject
of brushes my favorite individual
brushes always kind of makes me laugh
when I talk about them because they are
literally everything I hate in a brush
and it's not just one brush there were
two barely a day goes by that I do not
use these on my skin
in almost every single foundation
testing video or even makeup tutorial
you will more than likely see me apply
in my foundation using this brush and
this is the heavenly luxe complexion
perfection brushed it's got some of the
softest like synthetic fibers ever in
there it makes my foundation look
flawless in the clueless and I am
obsessed the dual airbrush concealer is
the perfect concealer brush does
actually come with lids but I have
obviously lost the lids for this one one
side you've got a little buffing brush
and on the other side you've got a flat
brush genius way of applying your
concealer the ultimate kind of base
collection I just wish that they had a
slightly smaller powder brush to go with
it that would be it rather and always no
other brush needed it's always one thing
that remains in my mind and is always
like a big priority for me finding the
best product at the most affordable
price point when it comes to mascara
there is one brand which I always turn
to and I know that I never have to worry
because it's never gonna let me down
look amazing and that brand is
Maybelline 2017 definitely cemented my
love for Maybelline mascaras is the best
in the drugstore I think it was possible
to like or love a mascara more than I do
on the lash sensational and then we like
maybe not that one maybe that one's a
goner then they came up with the
colossal bigshot mascara and I was like
nailed it colossal big shot is
definitely one you should be checking
out at the drugstore
obviously alongside my favorite lash
sensational because I'm never gonna be
open this mascara I can't remember the
last time I did my brows and I didn't
use a benefit brow product in some way
shape or form
with an entire collection of bro
products that works unlike the thinnest
barely there browse so having like the
actual dream of like human carried slugs
for brows I'm still not over the fact
that I don't look like Cara Delevingne
yeah I'm waiting my slugs to grow and
they're not growing bit like me you fell
victim to the tragic tragic condition
called late 90s early 2000s bro when
everybody kind of went through this
horrible stage on tweezing all
of the eyebrow hairs out project from
the precisely my brow pencil freezing
the Gimme brow mascara I literally am
obsessed when it comes to the youth
that's today and the kids and the
children and all the youngsters and all
of that lot people are often very quick
to say eat your vegetables stay in
school don't be violent do your homework
all of these important life lessons I
just want to add one serious point for
the love of maker do not shave off your
eyebrows beauty you will thank you for
not doing that so please leave your
press alone I've been testing out
various cleansers and different makeup
removers from various brands over the
past few months to replace a liquid gel
product that I've pulled and removed
from my makeup collection altogether and
if you follow me on Instagram what do
you mean you don't follow me on
Instagram it may have seen me literally
run into Sephora
after I was in New York recently when I
found the Ulla Henriksen shop I was just
like supermarket sweet give me the skin
kick give me the cleansers give me the
moisturizers give me everything I think
Raven wanted to buy in store for so long
whilst in Sephora I also stumbled across
a skincare product that I have literally
never tried from their hammocks and
before to face the truth with gel
cleanser this is the citrus and seaweed
extract cleanser does such an amazing
job at removing my makeup cleansing my
skin and just leaving me feeling
nourished and like I've actually done
something good to my skin it doesn't
feel like a chore it's probably worth me
saying I have been getting a lot of
messages and emails and dams from you
guys asking how you
compared to Silla hammocks and over in
the UK they did actually pull out of
stores last year but they are going to
be coming back I did actually reach out
to the owner hammocks and team and they
told me that that Ola hammocks and calm
websites does actually provide
international shipping to the UK I would
say you could thank me later but let's
face it if you're gonna get spending
you're gonna end up blaming me on yeah
sorry about that when it comes to hair
styling cut length color I literally
cannot take any get some credit for how
my hair looks it is all my hairdressers
she is a heck or this really wish I was
that girl who's like um I woke up like
this let's get real I am not that girl I
will never be that girl I'm like the
girl wakes up I don't want to get out of
bed today when it comes to styling my
hair on a daily basis there is one brand
of hair tools that I've been using for
um nearly 15 years I'm getting old
okay I remember getting my very first
pair of GHD hair straightener they were
the original classic
hair straighteners I literally use them
every single day
my hair was razzled bleached like crazy
it was so damaged I did actually use to
bleach it with like 40 bald bleach at
home on the kitchen floor
I am very shocked that I still have hey
hey straightening irons were my very
first kind of grown-up real world beauty
tool and I've used to end up use them
until the bitter end
so don't numb and broke them and then
cried about it for about a week when my
hair was in its previous got a long form
I would use the DHD classic curling Tom
in this short length but actually only
use the GHD straighteners I use
straightener effect straightener curl so
does anybody else have this issue where
you're only capable of curling one side
of your hair I feel like I can usually
nail one side and the other side just
comes up and look Tom or fall out of all
of the foundations and beauty products
and gadgets that I tried last year there
is one product in particular that stands
out as the single greatest best first
impression dye
I think I had I don't think I've ever
been so blown away or impressed by a
product as much as I have been asked to
try in the RCM a foundation palette with
a multitude of shades suitable for a
global range of skin tones the Aussie MA
foundation palette is a product that I
think every pro makeup artist or makeup
enthusiast should have in their kit this
product looks absolutely insane on the
skin but not only as a foundation but
also as a concealer as a highlight as a
contour as a color corrector everybody
should at least a swatch it or try it to
see what they think and if you're sat
there thinking I don't need all the
shape they also do a five parts pallet
which is a more concentrated shade
selection around your skin tones I'll
leave it linked down below and yeah it's
so blown away and forever in love with
it you know that feeling when you find a
new makeup product that you absolutely
have fallen madly in love with there was
one particular makeup product that kind
of had me feeling that way in 2017 and
that product is the Marc Jacobs iconic
scandalous two eyeshadow palette I know
you probably start there going that's
seriously another warm smoky eyeshadow
palette beauty industry maybe massively
oversaturated and this may potentially
have been the 50th warm toned eyeshadow
palette to launch last year but here's
the thing none of them have made their
way into my handbag or into my daily
makeup bag as quickly as this one has
239 pounds for seven shades which works
out as around five pounds fifty per eye
shadow it's not the cheapest or most
inexpensive or affordable of palettes
which are out there on the market as men
around the world have been telling us
for decades it's not the size that
counts it's the fact that every single
eyeshadow in this palette is incredibly
easy to blend is pigmented is soft it's
so easy to use most importantly isn't
Bowl of about 30 shades of brown which
all look exactly the same why are they
always exactly the same then the Marc
Jacobs iconic scandalous palette may
just be the one for you and to close out
our best beauty and makeup products at
17 we have what is probably the most
cliche on on the list but let's face it
it's probably the most cliche
I'm probably the millionth youtuber or
beauty creator to feature this on the
top products less 2017 the Tarte shaped
ape concealer came into my life and I
just wanted to take a moment to say
thank you and I appreciate you shaped
ape often gets a pretty bad rep for
being cakey thick to full coverage and
difficult to work with but it is my
personal opinion that a lot of that
reputation has actually come from the
fact that people are so used to apply in
so much concealer to make up for the
lack of pigmentation or the lack of
coverage or just bad concealers remotely
get the coverage that we feel like we
should be wearing however that's only
kind of perpetuating this problem that
we need to go thick with our concealer
to get it to work why isn't the users
fault I feel like that's just a
conditioning bolt that we have become
accustomed to in society and that is way
too deep to talk about a concealer that
I really like okay I'm gonna stop myself
before I go on a patriarchy rant and I'm
just gonna say I like it use less and
you'll be fine there we go guys that is
it that is my list of the best beauty
and makeup products that I have tried
that I have used that I have fallen in
love with and that I think you guys
should know about from 2017 I would love
to hear your thoughts on all of the
products that I mentioned in today's
video and if I didn't mention your
favorite products I've never used your
favorite put it then please let me know
in the comment section down below and I
will do it my best to add it to the list
thank you so much for all the love and
support you guys have given me
throughout 2017 and have no idea a what
and how you have helped me through so
thank you to still being here thank you
for supporting me and thank you for
staying with me I probably already said
this I'm getting mushy so let me just
drop something to make up for it there
we go thanks for watching guys don't
forget to subscribe I'll see you soon
bye
