hi guys and welcome back in today's
tutorial I'm going to be showing you how
to do this acne coverage drugstore party
makeup look I hope you enjoy and I'll
see you guys soon bye to start I'll be
priming my face today I'll be using the
NYX HD studio primer and I'm going to
apply this all over my face especially
concentrating in any oily areas or
foundation I'll be using the l'oreal
true match in shade ivory and I'm going
to apply this using my damp Beauty
Blender I'm going to bounce this all
over my face now don't worry if any
redness is still showing will conceal
that later using the soap & Glory
archery pencil I'm going to start
filling in my brows so first things I
brush through them and then I create a
base line and gently start to feather in
and create the shape of my brows using
the Rimmel match perfection in shade I
three I'm going to carve out my brows
and create that sharp and defined brow
as an eyeshadow base I'll be using this
makeup revolution single eye shadow and
this was only one round it's such a
bargain for eyeshadow today I'll be
using the sleek vintage romance palette
and I'm going to start with this
terracotta color now for the eyes today
we're going for a soft cut crease using
a small pencil brush I'm just going to
line in the crease and slightly above as
well I'm also going to bring this down
the outer edge of my eye now this will
give us our guideline now when you have
this sorted just take your fluffy
blending brush and just soften those
outer edges
next we're going for the lighter sort of
matte purple now this Ridge is going to
use just to define that cut crease again
so using the same brush apply it in the
outer edge and then gently soften that
out to intensify that cut crease I'll be
taking this vibrant purple now this one
using the same brush I'm going to
concentrate on the outer and just in the
center of that crease itself before
blending it out take your time
and build up the color slowly for the
lid color I'll be using this metallic
gold and using a flat shading brush I'm
going to take this right up to that dark
cut crease line using the bourgeois
liner stylo in ultra black I'm going to
line my upper waterline and using the
collection xtreme fault liner I'm going
to create a mini wing now you can make
your wing as big as you want on this eye
look I'm just going to go for a small
one today for mascara today I'll be
using the Maybelline the colossal go
extreme mascara now I've never used this
one before today and I was attracted to
this because of the brush but actually I
don't really like it so you probably
won't see it in a video again for lashes
I'll be wearing my favorite ardell demi
whispies if you're wondering why my eye
will be bright red for the rest of this
video it's because I accidentally poked
myself in the eye don't worry I'm sure
we'll survive next I'm going to take my
eyeliner and I'm just going to thicken
up that wing going back to the Rimmel
match perfection concealer in shade 10
which is ivory I'm going to start
concealing those breakouts using a just
at random brush I think this is meant to
be for your eyebrows who cares so I'm
just going to cover up any breakouts or
areas of redness which is still showing
in my case it's just my scarring now I'm
going to use my Beauty Blender and I'm
just going to softly bounce just to
blend that concealer out and create a
flawless look using the Loreal touch
magic perfect match concealer
to cover up any dark circles that may be
showing under my eyes and also bring
some brightness to the center of my face
mainly my nose Cupid's bow chin and just
the center of my forehead and then I'm
just going to use my baby Beauty Blender
which is so cute and I'm just going to
just make sure that splendid underneath
my eyes before swapping back to the big
beauty blender to make sure the rest is
blended going back to that terracotta
eyeshadow I'm just going to ease the
transition between my concealer and my
under-eye area then I'm going to take my
black eyeliner and just use this along
with the lower lash line before adding
just a small coat of this colossal
mascara again using the NYX HD studio
finishing powder I'm just going to set
those areas where we applied concealer
so forehead under eyes nose Cupid's bow
and chin before moving on to the NYX
matte bronzer and this is the light
shade and I'm just going to use this to
add some warmth and also to contour my
face I'm going to apply the bronzer just
into the hollows of my cheeks and I'm
going to blend in an upwards direction
along the bottom of my jaw line and then
I'm also going to apply this bronzer
just into my hairline and just along the
top of my forehead or blusher today I'll
be using the Milani illuminating face
powder in shade number three this is my
all-time favorite and a total must-have
for anybody with a lighter skin tone
using the MUA and dress your skin
highlighter I'm just going to highlight
along the tops of my cheeks and also my
nose and keep its base this is a great
buy if you're looking for a dupe of the
mirror Luminizer the lipstick I'll be
using the Maybelline Color sensational
in shade 165 now this is a beautiful
rosy glossy lips
which is unusual for me because I
usually goes for MUX but I'm totally
digging the shades today I'm going to
apply it shade 108 which is more a bit
lighter rose color and this well I'm
just going to apply into the center of
my lips and here's the finished look my
acne cartilage drugstore glam look
thank you so much for watching I really
hope you enjoyed this tutorial and as
always if you did then please don't
forget to give it a huge thumbs up
because that really helps my channel out
and let me know what you thought
so please do leave a comment below and
let me know if you like this type of
look or if you have a suggestion for any
future looks you'd like to see me try
then leave that below as well thank you
so much for watching and as always guys
don't forget to subscribe so you never
miss a video I'll see you guys soon bye
