hi guys and welcome back in today's
tutorial I'm going to be showing you how
to do this fun and flirty makeup look I
hope you enjoy and I'll see you guys
soon bye to prime my skin I'm going to
be using the poorest and flawless pixi
by petra face primer this is great to
create in that flawless base I'm going
to use the Crayola derma color quintet
and tick shade d7 which is a
yellow-based concealer and this one I'm
going to apply on to the back of my hand
to warm it up and then using my brush to
apply onto my face before blending that
out using my finger instead of
foundation today I'll be using the Mac
prep and prime BB cream in extra light
and I'm just going to apply this all
over my face using my Beauty Blender
I'm going to prep my brows by brushing
through with a clean spoolie using the
Anastasia Beverly Hills brow Wiz in
shade taupe I'm going to map out the
shape of my brows before filling them in
using the dip brow pomade in shade
medium brown as an eyeshadow base I'll
be using the Mac Paint Pot in the shade
painterly and I'm just going to apply
this all over the lid using my finger
but I showed it today I'll be using the
slick oh so special eyes shadow palette
I'm going to start using this orange ube
shade and this is going to act as our
transition color so I'm going to apply
this on the crease and all over the lid
before taking this medium brown shade
and this one I'm going to apply onto the
outer V of my eye and also the inner V
of my eye looks I'm going to take this
baby pink shade and I'm just going to
Pat this on to the center of my eyelid
I'm going to blend out the baby pink
shadow using a tiny bit more of the
medium brown shade to add some sparkle
I'm going to press this pink shimmer
shade into the center of my lid finally
I'm going to blend out the outer edges
of the shadow using the baby pink for
the under eye area
mirror what we did on the lid so I'm
going to take that matte pink into the
center of the lower eye area and then
blend that out using the medium brown on
the outer and inner corners under my eye
before finally finishing it off with a
small amount of that pink shimmer to
tightline my eyes I'll be using the
bourgeois liner stylo in shade ultra
black and I'm just going to tightline by
drawing in between my lashes not onto
the lash band
I'll also line the outer edge of my
lower lash line for mascara today I'll
be using the Maybelline lash sensational
mascara this is my favorite mascara at
the moment I love it let's finish off
that skin I'm going to take shade g1w
and shade c4 from the derma color
quintet and I've just applied this over
any areas where breakouts are still
showing through the BB cream and under
layer of the d7 we applied earlier I'm
just going to blend this out using my
Beauty Blender and my Beauty Blender is
damp just to share out that concealer
and just to give us that overall
flawless appearance using the NARS
radiant creamy concealer in shade
Chantilly I'm just going to conceal any
dark circles I'm also going to apply
this to the center of my face my nose
Cupid's bow chin and just above my
eyebrows in the center of my face this
is going to bring these areas forward
and act as a natural subtle highlight to
the skin to set my concealer I'm going
to be using the Ben Nye neutral set
colorless powder and I'm just going to
apply this using my Zoe bird cheek
finish fluffy brush to add some warmth
and definition to my face I'll be using
the benefit hoola bronzer today and I'm
just going to apply this into the
hollows of my cheeks and I'm also going
to bring this just onto the top of my
forehead for blusher today I'll be using
the Anika mineral blush in shade peachy
keen now this blush is beautiful and
it's also vegan and cruelty free for
lipstick today I'll be using the Rimmel
Kate Moss matte lipstick in shade 101
soft pink now three years ago this was
the only lipstick that I owned it's my
all-time favorite to highlight I'll be
using the number seven insta
radiant's highlighter now this highlight
is incredibly subtle so if you're
looking for something that is a bit
brighter then this one won't give you
that but it is very cute and here's the
finished look my acne coverage fun and
flirty makeup I hope you enjoyed this
look and as always I would love to hear
any suggestions that you have for any
future looks thanks for watching and
I'll see you guys soon bye
