hi guys and welcome back in today's
tutorial I'm going to be showing you how
to do this
acne coverage flawless makeup look I
hope you enjoy and I'll see you guys
soon bye to prime my skin I'm going to
be using the L'Oreal Paris infallible
mattifying primer and I'm just applying
that all over my face
especially concentrating in the areas
where I get the most oily throughout the
day for concealer I'm going to be using
the Kryolan derma color dq1
quintet and I'm just taking shade d7
which is this gray color and I'm using
that to dull out any redness so I'm just
applying it using the brush and then
bouncing it out using my Beauty Blender
we're not trying to completely cover at
the moment we're just trying to dull
down any redness for foundation I'm
going to be using the l'oreal true match
foundation in the shade n1 and i'm just
applying this using the same Beauty
Blender it's really easy to get a
natural finish it's pale and it lasts
all day to contour I'm going to be using
the Anastasia Beverly Hills Queen
contour kit and I'm going to use the
lightest shade now you don't need to use
this specific one you can just use a
foundation two or three shades darker
than your current foundation so I'm just
applying that with the brush and then
blending it out using my Beauty Blender
then I'm going to go back in with this
darker shade and I'm just going to use
this to add a little bit more depth to
my contour and I'm applying this in the
hollows of my cheeks and just along my
foreheads to kind of just bring my big
old forehead down and make it a little
bit
to fill in my brows I'm going to be
using the Anastasia brow Wiz and this
isn't shade medium brown and you don't
need to use this exact product you can
use a dupe such as the soap & Glory
artery pencil or there are so many
others out there these days so I'm just
filling my brows in and gently softening
them as I'm going by using the spoolie
to carve out my brows and going back to
the derma color quintet and I'm taking
the lightest shade which is d 1w so I'm
just again using the Kryolan brush that
comes with the set and I'm going to
outline my brows before using my finger
to just soften that camouflage cream and
make sure that the blending is flawless
to set my brows I'm going to be using
the rimmel oil this way clear brow gel
to prime my eyes I'm going to be using
the Mac Paint Pot in shade soft ochre
and I'm just applying this all over my
lid using my fingertips to define my
crease I'm going to be using the
Anastasia Beverly Hills eyes shadow and
this is in shade horn and I'm just going
to apply this using a soft crown
blending brush and I'm applying it into
the crease and your softly buffing that
out in an outward direction to deepen
that crease and to add some warmth I'm
going to be using the Anastasia Beverly
Hills cognacs eyes shadow I'm just
concentrating that I shadow on the outer
V and I'm slowly bringing it in towards
the inner corner of my eye concentrating
above the crease I'm also going to bring
that I shadow under my eye and again I'm
concentrating on the outer third of my
eye next I'm going to be taking the
shade Labyrinth
and I'm applying this into the outer
third of my eye and gently bringing that
in to the inner corner as well this is
to add some extra richness finally I'm
going to be taking this beautiful
metallic shade called peach sorbet and
I'm just going to use 8 shader brush to
just Pat this onto the lid concentrating
on the inner corner of my eye I'm also
going to bring this under my eye and
around the tear duct area and softly
blend that out to tightline my eyes I'm
going to be using the Rimmel scandaleyes
waterproof eyeliner in black to wing out
to my eyeliner I'm going to be using the
artist of makeup extreme art liner pen
now this is my favorite black eyeliner
at the moment it's tip is so precise and
it's incredibly black and easy to use
so I'm just creating a wing and just
feathering that across into the inner
corner of my eye
now if you've made any mistakes or you
just want to sharpen it up then just
take some of your concealer on a
concealer brush and just neaten up the
areas which you want to you know fix I'm
going to take my eyeshadow brush just to
make sure any of the concealer is
covered and it's all blended perfectly
for mascara I'm going to be using the
bourgeois Volume one second mascara in
shade ultra black and I'm just going to
apply a light coat of this before
applying my Ardell wispy lashes when my
lashes are applied I'm just going to
gently push up on them to make sure
they're fixed and then finally I'm going
to use my eyelash curlers to ensure
they're fused together next I'm going to
go back in with that bourgeois mascara
and I'm going to apply a light coating
of mascara onto my lower lashes
let's conceal those breakouts I'm taking
shade D 1 w shade d 4 and shade D 4 and
a half using the back of my brush I've
applied those onto my hand and I'm just
going to mix them together to create a
multi tonal shade which I'm going to use
the Beauty Blender to bounce onto my
skin for a more precise application use
the brush and then gently further out
using your Beauty Blender
the key with this product is to take a
very small amount and to build it up
very slowly in layers you don't want to
use too much next I'm going to be using
the NARS radiant creamy concealer in
shade Chantilly
and I'm going to use this to conceal my
under eye area and also as a highlighter
on my nose my Cupid's bow my chin and
also on my forehead area to blend that
can
Nuala out I'm going back to my trusted
Beautyblender and I'm just going to
bounce to blend that out and I'm taking
my time because I want to make sure that
the highlights space in that highlighted
area to set my contour I'm going to be
using the Anastasia contour kit and I'm
taking shade fawn and I'm going to apply
this on to the areas where we contoured
now if you want to use a drugstore dupe
for this you can use something like the
NYX type blusher or any other kind of
matte bronzer that you have and like to
line my lips I'm going to be using the
number seven precision lip liner in
shade news now I'm not going to over
draw my lips on this one I'm just going
to follow the outline of my natural lip
line after outlining my lips I'm just
going to start filling them in on the
outer edges and I'm going to leave the
center of my lips clear lipstick today
I'm going to be using the Maybelline
tantalizing taupe lipstick and I'm going
to apply this straight from the bullet
the blusher today I'm going to be using
the Milani illuminating face powder now
this is available in the drugstores in
the US but I'm in the UK and I managed
to get it on Amazon for about six pounds
I think two highlights today I'm going
to be using the makeup revolution vivid
baked highlighter in shade golden lights
and I'm just going to apply this onto
the tops of my cheeks my nose my bridge
of my nose my Cupid's bow to set my face
I'm going to be using the NYX dewy
finish setting spray and I'm going to
apply this all over my face before
waving my hands like a maniac to try and
dry it instead of using a powder to set
my concealer I'm going to spray that
same setting spray onto my Beauty
Blender and just bounce that onto those
concealed areas and here's the finished
look
my ultimate flawless long-lasting acne
coverage makeup
thank you so much for watching I really
hope you enjoyed this tutorial and yeah
as always I'd love to hear your thoughts
on these looks so please do let me know
in the comment section below and of
course please don't forget to give it a
huge thumbs up because it really helps
my channel out and don't forget to
subscribe so you never miss a video I'll
see you guys soon bye
