hey guys and welcome back to my channel
today I am doing a haul for you I've
been fired a couple of bits here on
there and I've got some home some beauty
and also some accessories for you I'm
gonna be showing you everything that
I've been picking up over the past two
weeks or so I just want to say that a
couple of items we're sad to me in this
video I will let you know which ones
they are
haven't been paid to feature any of
these items but I thought you guys might
want to know what I've been sent and
what I'm going to be trying so I've
included those today let's start off
with Beauty all of the drugstore bits
that I've picked up are things that I
have never used before so if you've used
them please do let me know in the
comments below what you've bought at
them from soap & Glory I have the
hocus-pocus instant visual floor
softening illuminator now as you guys
know I have quite a lot of flaws I'm
hoping that this will do some good so it
looks like this and it's just a little
it's quite a liquidy illuminizer you can
see how that's going on the hand there
just give it a bit of a sheen the next
thing I have from soap & Glory is the
solar power bronzer now this one is
supposed to be really good for pale skin
so let's not paint it looks like this so
as you can see it's got a light just
quite dark and it's got a kind of
pearlescent pink shade in the middle so
I'm gonna be testing that out for you
guys the next thing I got from soap &
Glory was the kickass concealer looks
like this I have absolutely no idea if
this is going to be light enough for me
but I'll give it a shot and let you guys
know I also got the brought the almost
called it brow wiz then I also got the
soap & Glory archery and eyebrow pencil
because I've heard so many amazing
things from other bloggers about it that
I feel like I should probably own it I
know so I made sure that I bought that
from L'Oreal I got the Lumia lumi magic
which is the stylus hatch D Lumiere
touch of light highlighting pen so I
think this is an Orioles version of the
two Turk lat
no idea again if this is going to be
good for me I've never tried it I don't
think I've even read a review on it this
was purely just an impulse purchase so I
will see how this goes and I'll let you
know the next thing is from seventeen
and it is the seventeen state I'm up to
18 hour concealer and I picked this up
in shade I'm no idea what shade this is
I just know it's the lightest one no Sal
from Max Factor I picked up the CC color
corrector and this is a redness
correcting pencil and I think it's like
part of their concealer range obviously
I have caught a lot of red blotches so
I'm gonna see how this works to cancel
that out because I get quite a lot of
emails and messages asking about green
the correctors so i've purely picked
this one up just try it out and see how
I get on with it
from Revlon I got the revlon colorburst
matte balm in shade audacious finally
from Maybelline New York I picked up the
peach poppy lipstick which is a really
soft peach it's obviously way different
to them shade I've got on now it's a
really soft soft peach and I thought it
would look quite nice with my skin tone
next I have a couple of things from lush
the PR team at lush sent me a couple of
things
disclaimer note I was not paid to
feature any of these items I have the
celestial or facial moisturizer this is
to transport sensitive skin it to a
higher plane appeared really good things
about this I also had the catastrophe
cosmetic fresh face mask so this is
supposed to be really good for damage
next I have the mask of Magnum Otte
Magnum in Linnton mag Naumann it's a
mint facemask from lush
it smells like smells like an experiment
I also have I also have a little hoppity
hoppity bath bomb
that smells I know what that smells like
it smells good but I don't know what of
I also have the full of grace
solid serum I am not gonna lie I have
absolutely no idea what this is if you
know please let me know in the comments
because I have not got a clue
next I have the it started with a kiss
lip tint it smells really like honey so
I think it's quite high and beeswax and
this but smells really good
the lush fresh handmade color in
glamorous lush light pink color
supplement this is a multi-purpose base
color for paler skin types of
predominantly pink tones now I'm more
yellow toned than pink so I'm not sure
to be honest those are all the goodies I
had in my mailbox this week from lush so
thank you lush for sending those to me
that's really sweet of you
the other thing I had this week was from
Debenhams
makeup forever is launching in Debenhams
in the UK in May and I went to the
Debenhams Beauty press show a couple of
days ago and from there in my little
goodie bag to take home
I had the makeup forever Pro bronzer
fusion and this is a really nice Oh God
can opener so this is a really pretty
bronze empowers oh that's got a really
good shade for paler skin so I am super
excited to try this one out I think it's
gonna look beautiful so that's that
powder I also had a little mini kabuki
which is really cute and stubby so I can
really see that working to buff that
into your face I also had the makeup
forever artists plexi gloss and this is
in shade 2:09 and this is a really Wow
pink lip gloss and I can definitely see
this working on a night out look but oh
my god that is pink you see how pink
that is that is insane next I had a
couple of items from Pixie at Petra and
from them I had the h2o
skin tint which is a really nice tinted
face gel that is really good for your
skin but has a little bit of color on it
so I'm looking forward to trying that
out I had the pixi by petra under-eye
crayon and this is a concealer pencil
I'm gonna see how I get on with this
because I know it's quite difficult to
use on a brush to apply into your
breakout but I'll give it a shot and see
how I get on
I also had the pixi by petra lip lift
Max glossy lip plumper and this is a
really pretty soft pink shade and I can
see me wearing this on a day-to-day
basis I also had the pixi by petra
flawless and poreless primer now if
you'd seen my last makeup tutorial you
would have seen me wearing this I have
started wearing it everyday I'm not
wearing it today because I forgot but I
tried to put it on everyday so I will be
giving you guys my thoughts on this
primer for problematic and acne prone
skin soon it also had eight pixi by
petra at full coverage foundation brush
let me open it
so this brush really really reminds me
of the Real Techniques expert face brush
so if you do like those kind of small
rounded brushes then you might get on
really well with this one finally I had
the pixi by petra palette bronzer
this palette has eyeliners Cris shadows
eyelid hues highlights cheek glow
and a face bronzed and also like a
golden shimmer a type powder so this is
kind of like in all things in one
palette and I'm very much looking
forward to trying this out to see how I
got on with it
um yeah so thank you pixie or centimeter
Patsy in terms of beauty products now
when you have more beauty products and
you start collecting them you need
something to put them in Mooji I picked
up some more storage so these are the
extra white acrylic drawers so I've got
two sets of base so I now have four
extra drawers to keep my makeup in
because I am seriously running out of
space and I do need to do a big makeup
clear out soon because I have too much
stuff for my drawers and not enough room
to keep it all in these are about 11
pounds definitely definitely worth it if
you do own quite a lot of makeup a whole
isn't a whole without a trip to Primark
I picked up this black and gold's
necklace and this was four pounds I
thought this would be really pretty if
you've got just a plain grey t-shirt or
I could play and white t-shirt on but
you wanted to have something just lift
it and make it a little bit more
glamorous so this was a great buy at
four pounds I also got these really
pretty it's a set of necklaces as well
so you've got a small flower here with a
Biff stone and then there's a leaf there
so these work one pound fifty I picked
up a pair of the limited edition
earrings these were three pounds and I
picked that although these aren't my
normal style and they're probably a bit
big and excessive for everyday wear I
thought they'd look really pretty in
photos and I fought with some nice
tumbling curls they may look really
glamorous
so they were 3 pounds
like even if I only ever wear them once
it's its bargain because I have a habit
of forgetting to put earrings in at all
I picked up this cute little set of
earrings hair for you so these were 1
pounds 50 and it comes with 1 2 3 4 5 6
pairs of earrings for a pound 50 like
that is ridiculous that's so cheap I got
one more item from Primark and that was
this gorgeous necklace which it looks
and this is just a normal Primark
necklace it's not a limited edition or
anything and this was eight pounds and I
really like wearing t-shirts everyday
for work but sometimes I feel like I
just want to dress them up a little bit
or make them look a little bit more
glamorous say something like this I
think just looks really pretty on a
t-shirt and eight pounds it was so cheap
so yes picked up this and I think the
earrings too they match they don't match
but they're crazy similar and the final
thing that arrived in my mailbox this
week I seriously I'm not joking I almost
burst into tears I was that in all over
I just could not believe it and that is
the single greatest package I have ever
received in my entire life this this box
I don't know if you can see that but
this box is it's incredible so this is
the single greatest package I have ever
received in my life and it contains
everything I mean like this box can you
see that like that is insane that is so
insane so let me just say a huge thank
you to anastasia beverly hills and also
to novena for sending me the ultimate
package and
I am gonna do that in its own video just
to talk you guys through the entire
Anastasio collection because it appears
to all be in that box so that's it for
my haul video there is a lot of stuff
and not enough room to put all of it
away so I do hope you enjoyed this video
I do now have to throw out quite a lot
of stuff to make sure I can fit
everything in I want to know which item
is your favorite so please do let me
know in the comment section below thank
you so much for watching if you like
this type of video then also let me know
in the comments and give it a huge
thumbs up thank you so much for watching
and I will see you guys soon bye
you
