hi guys and welcome back to my channel
in today's tutorial I'm going to be
showing you how to do this girls night
out dark lips and matte eye look I'm
going out for dinner with one of my
girlfriends tonight and I thought I
would share with you the look I'll be
wearing I haven't done a dark lip look
on my channel yet so I thought I'd try
that out today using the Anastasia
liquid lipstick I really hope you
enjoyed this tutorial and I'll see you
guys soon bye full foundation I'm going
to be using the NARS sheer glow
foundation in shade 1 Siberia I'm going
to apply that using my Real Techniques
buffing brush
to conceal my blemishes I'm going to be
using the collection lasting perfection
concealer in the shade affair if you
have a beauty blender you can use the
beauty blender to do this but I like to
use my fingers to brighten my under-eye
area and to conceal any dark circles I'm
going to be using the Bourjois healthy
mix concealer in shade 51 I'm going to
apply this using my crown let's see
four-for-one deluxe crease brush
I'm also going to bring the bourgeois
concealer onto the bridge of my nose and
just up above my eyebrows sets that I'm
going to be using the Ben Nye neutral
set colorless powder and I'm just going
to take some of that into my hand and
then using my Real Techniques contour
brush I'm just going to set that to
carve out my cheekbones and add some
definition to my face I'm going to be
using the illamasqua cream pigment in
shade Hollow it's going to stop my Real
Techniques contour brush into this and
then I'm just going to apply this
I'm also going to bring that on to my
temples and slightly into the center of
my foreheads restaurant into the sides
of my nose I'm also going to take that
cream contour shade just underneath my
jawline just to make my jaw seem sharper
I'm just pushing it in an upwards
direction on my cheekbones and then I'm
just going to set that using a little
bit more my Ben Nye colas powder for
blush I'm going to be using the Max
Factor cream puffs blush in shades
lovely pink I'm just applying this to
the apples of my cheeks
to highlight I'm going to be using the
bombs mary-lou manizer highlighter to
crack them prime my eyes I'm going to be
using the Mac Paint Pot in shade soft
ochre lion that using my fingertip and
I'm putting it all over the lid right up
to the eyebrows for my brows I'm going
to be using the anastasia beverly hills
dipbrow pomade in shade medium brown
I'm going to clean up my brows using my
concealer brush and my collection
concealer
without brows done let's move on to my
eyeshadow my eyeshadow today I'm going
to be using the urban decay in their
kids to basics palette you can use any
matte eyeshadow palette for this all you
need is a collection of new shadows
ranging from light to dark start with
you
we just dragging it over towards my
Center I'm just going to take a large
fluffy brush and just make sure that's
all blended seamlessly to add a little
bit more definition I'm going to take
this medium dark shade called primal I'm
using a crown at c-46 one pencil brush
for this just rolling that and pushing
that into the very outer once again I'm
going to be using my large C full full
one deluxe blending crease to make sure
that's all seamless into apply a small
amount of the cover is a day just on the
lower lash line know if you want to add
a little bit of glitz to this look you
can apply a glitter or a shimmer shadow
just in this section here I want to keep
my eyes quite Maps today so I'm going to
apply a little bit extra of that stark
shadow just to make sure we've got a
clear definition from light to dark I'm
just going to touch up the inner corner
of the eye using the stock eyeshadow and
I'm going to blend that out
to add a little touch of grammar I'm
going to be using the bombs
mary-lou manizer and i'm going to apply
this in the tear duct area for eyeliner
I'm going to be using the Maybelline big
eyes liner I'm going to use the nude end
in my waterline and the black end to
tightline my eyes for mascara I'm going
to be using the bourgeois Volume one
second mascara in black
finally to lift my brow bone I'm going
to apply a small amount of the mary lou
manizer just under my arch for my lips
I'm going to be using the Anastasia
Beverly Hills liquid lipstick in the
shade
I've applied one coat of the lipstick so
I'm just going to apply another one now
just to make sure it's all even and
flawless I'm just going to clean up my
lips using a concealer brush I wasn't
going to add any lashes to this look but
after applying my lipstick I feel like I
just need to balance my eyes out a
little bit more so I'm going to apply my
ardell demi whispies luscious and here's
the finished look
thank you so much for watching I really
hope you enjoyed this tutorial if you've
got any suggestions for other videos
that you'd love to see from me then
please do let me know in the comment
section below
as always don't forget to give it a huge
thumbs up because it really helps my
channel up and of course don't forget to
subscribe so you never miss a video
I'll see you guys soon bye
