hi guys and welcome back in today's
video we have another budget foundation
testing episode now today's product is
from Primark is the PS foundation stick
this foundation stick cost the grand
price of two British pound for those of
you in the u.s. that is around two
dollars and fifty cents I've got two
different shades to try and choose from
today we have the shade natural and the
shade ivory
I haven't swatched them I haven't tried
them no idea what they're gonna be like
are they gonna be as good as for my
perfect color foundation I'm super
excited to try these out let's get
started
we're in not in terms of packaging it's
incredibly light when I tap it you can
kind of see how hollow it sounds the
amount of product that's it that's where
you get you don't get that much I have
no idea which one is gonna work for me
but of me feels like ivory might be too
light and natural might be slightly too
dark I'm gonna do a couple of little
face swatches let's see what they look
like next to each other and decide from
there first up we have the shade ivory
alright guys are you ready now I was not
expecting that foundation to drag as
much as it did that was so freakin dry
on my skin I'm gonna give that another
shot and hope that the dryness was user
error oh my god that's dry we've got
like a big lump of foundation that's
just come off in the swatch in terms of
shade I don't really need to try this
one because I feel like that one works
this could work as a contour we're gonna
humor it I'm gonna do it
it come out at all I don't know if you
guys can even see it is like flaked off
the sides they're got like a massive
chunk missing out of the side on this
one
that was one swatch what is going on
here I think it's pretty obvious which
shades we're gonna go for gonna take the
shade ivory all over my skin I'm gonna
start by priming my skin today I'm using
the Maybelline master strobe in liquid
I'm actually only going to apply it to
the one side of my skin that way we can
kind of see a true indication of what
the foundation acts like with a primer
and
so without a primer let's go for it and
let's apply it onto our skin I am just
gonna blend that out using my fingers
just applies that primer onto the one
side of my skin now it is time for the
foundation and the moment of truth I did
feel like it dragged quite a bit across
my skin so here's what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna take my Smith to five six brush
and just scrape off the very top bit of
the foundation and apply it onto the
back of my hand
it might give it more of a fighting
chance to work on the skin hopefully
stop that dragon sensation when it has
been warmed up I'm just gonna take some
of that foundation and just dots that
onto my skin then using my it cosmetics
complexion perfection brush very gently
buff it out I mean that's not going
anywhere is it not moving I mean it
looks good but it just feels so dry I'm
gonna keep going why is it so grainy it
feels like sandy glue so I've applied
the p.s foundation stick onto the one
side of my skin and this is what my skin
looks like without it
hi frickin struggles to blend that
foundation out there and I used one of
my favorite foundation brushes and one
of my favorite kind of primers I was
still looking at it now and I'm like aw
I missed a bit there that's still a bit
patchy there it's falling into every
little crack it's looking a little bit
patchy foundation should not be that
much effort you should not have to kind
of work and drag and pull I'm just gonna
zoom right in let's dim the lights and
let's have a close look at the
difference thing I did notice is when I
knocked the lights into low light mode I
do feel like it looked incredibly
natural on the skin it was almost more
flattering with the lights down low that
never usually happens when we do up
close foundation tests in bits so I'm
just gonna move on to the other side of
my skin I'm gonna take what's left of
that foundation it's gonna apply it onto
the other side of my skin
but it's not moving anywhere I feel like
even when it's warmed up slightly on the
back of my hand it's not making much
difference it's still really difficult
and really thick to blend out it's
falling into almost every kind of fine
line on my skin it feels like it's just
kind of sat this on first impressions
just by looking in the mirror I'm kind
of not really feeling it I'm gonna take
the shading natural and now let's try
and use this as a contour to see if that
will make a little bit of difference on
to my skin I'm just gonna take that into
the hollows of my cheeks push that in to
try and get some shade up and I'm also
gonna take that onto my forehead it's
also on the bottom of my chin gonna go
back to that same brush and just blend
it out I'm having though what have I
done moment it's not a lot of blood it
even sounds dry gonna move on to the
other side oh God this side is so much
more difficult that was way too
difficult to blend out foundation and
contour should not be that difficult to
blend out so I'm just gonna leave that
there I'm gonna move on to concealer I'm
gonna take the Tarte shape tape this is
one of my favorite kind of under-eye
concealers a very small amount of that
in the under eye area also on my chin
and my forehead I'm just gonna blend it
out just gonna leave my base there for
now and just set it using one of my
favorite all-time powders and that is
the been night neutral set colorless
powder I'm just gonna power through and
finish up the rest of my makeup so let's
take a closer look at how the Primark PS
foundation stick looks on the skin our
first impression I wasn't really too
sure on how it would go the liquid
version of this foundation is in fact
one of my favourite budget options out
there and one of my favourite daily
foundations is actually the makeup
forever foundation stick in my mind this
could have been the perfect hybrid
product that fits both of those
foundations and works perfectly for me
but I actually have ended up with has
been like
gritty bit cakey kinda mess I'm gonna
zoom in and show you exactly what I'm
talking about
when it comes to that pigmentation and
those breakouts it has obviously failed
miserably in a couple of places some of
our breakouts around here for example
are still showing through big area of
pigmentation here other areas would be
on the side of my temple we don't really
have that much crack in in the under eye
area
we do have cracking in my smile lines
there's kind of no denying that my
forehead looks cakey
I think the shade is working for me so
we've kind of got that going for us
I just think that in terms of the
pigmentation panas ducts finish cakey
and that's the sides which we applied
the primer to let's look at the other
side again we've got some serious
pigmentation issues none of that
pigmentation is being covered by the
foundation in the slightest bit of
patchiness
again around my temple here little bit
of cakiness happening in the under eye
area so if natural no makeup makeup is
what you're going for this one is not
the one for you I'm gonna leave this
foundation on my skin it is 526 p.m. I
will check back in with you guys and a
couple of hours see in a bit
hey guys and welcome back so it's now 2
a.m. and my makeup has been on my face
for over 10 hours I wanted to sit down
give you guys a little bit of an update
it's gonna zoom in let's have a little
look let's dim the lights and let's see
most importantly what's been going on
let's point out the obvious is always
got some definite happiness happening on
the cheeks by here you can see that
redness and pigmentation coming through
also can be served the same about my
chin and the center of my forehead oh my
god guys it is so G and so creaky
especially in between my brows it looks
horrific in my under eye area
we've got like full-blown separation
happening on my skin one thing that
really pains me I cannot think of a
single redeeming feature about this
foundation let's just say it didn't go
very well today and live at that look at
my face like literally look at it at
least it was only 2 pounds I basically
lost the pizza if you wanted to try the
my perfect color perfect finish liquid
foundation 2 pounds 50 itis pump is
amazing this one looked amazing on the
skin it felt amazing had great coverage
if I could only choose between the
foundation stick or the foundation
liquid hands-down go for the perfect
finish foundation didn't like the stick
loved the liquid when I tried before let
me know what you guys think in the
comment section down below
I have you tried it would you try it
would you buy it let me know your
thoughts thank you so much for watching
if you enjoyed this video please do make
sure you hit that subscribe button and
give this video a huge thumbs up and I
will see you guys soon bye
