hi guys and welcome back in today's
tutorial I'm going to show you how to do
this quick and easy acne coverage date
night makeup look they always have long
names what is that all about
the majority of the products in this
look are drugstore which makes it super
affordable I think the most expensive
products that I used was the mascara and
one of the concealers but you don't have
to use those you can use a dupe instead
I really hope you enjoyed this look let
me know in the comments I'll see you
soon bye for foundation I'm going to be
using NYX studio photogenic foundation
it's really dewy when you first put it
on but I find that the more you work it
in the better at the finish building it
up gradually is the best option for this
one you don't want to go too hard at the
beginning so just take it slowly for
concealer I'm going to be using the
L'Oreal Paris perfect match concealer
this one is a super yellow concealer and
that's gonna brighten up under the eyes
I'm also gonna put that on the acne
areas as well I'm just stopping that on
to everywhere that needs it and in this
instance that is pretty much my whole
face I'm just gonna Pat my concealer in
now just to try and get an even
application where I need it the most
I'm going to use the last imperfection
ultimate wear concealer in fair
just gonna hit their spots
I'm going to use the NARS radiant creamy
concealer but I'm just going to apply
this under my eyes where I'm prone to
the most amount of bags also gonna put
so much in Thank You Pittsburg down my
nose and my forehead next I'm going to
set that and I'm gonna use my van night
natural set powder let's move on to our
contour and I am going to be using the
heroine eyeshadow to do this well I'm
just concentrating in the hollows of my
cheeks this brush is a little bit too
big to be doing this but you know
whatever
all right sniff dangerously
I'm also going to contour down the sides
of my nose you don't have to do this but
I kind of like doing it I'm going to use
the mimimi beat the blues pale pink
highlighter
oh that to my temples Cupid's bow I'm
gonna bring that up under my eyebrow as
well but blush today I'm going to be
using a really old favorite that
actually haven't used in quite a while
so I bring it back and I'm gonna be
using the sleek aromas goals then this
blush to please like a deep blush to
have like last year wasn't it I forgot
how much I liked this blush a lot with
our base and our blush and contour and
highlight done let's move on to alia
browse for my brows I'm going to be
using the anastasia beverly hills
dipbrow pomade in medium brown
for an eyeshadow base I'm going to be
using the illamasqua eyeshadow in
justify and I'm taking this on a crown
at sea for for one deluxe blending brush
I think this is cones version of a Mac
two one seven this color is mainly to
act as a transition color and it's also
to give a really even base I'm going to
use the bourgeois color band eyeshadow
stick in mobarak on my lid I'm going to
use the same brush that we used for the
transition shades to blend that out I'm
also going to take this color under the
eyes while on the lower lid next I'm
going to use the crocheted Grist
graffiti from the same bourgeois color
band range it's going to take that same
brush and we're just going to blend that
up would take it onto the outer edge
okay and I'm just going to use the same
brush to just sweep it up to line my
eyes I'm going to use the pixi endless
silky eye pen in glimmery black this is
a metallic black shade you don't have to
use a metallic black but I'm kind of
liking this shimmery theme we've got
going on here so I'm gonna carry on
using shimmers
I'm gonna take my collection extreme
felt liner which is one of my Holy Grail
projects and I'm just gonna add a mini
wing on that just to lift and lengthen
my eye
and I'm going to take the key crow
long-lasting stick eyeshadow in shade
seven and I'm going to add this into the
corners of my eye I'm going to add a
single coat of the benefit roller lash
mascara the lashes I'm going to be going
to my favorite lashes of all time the
Demi always bears black lashes
the lip voltage the powerhouse lip
plumper can take any foundation off my
lips maybe on there one coat one coat of
this on my tongue
I'm just going to wipe that off using a
wet wipe
because right I've had enough
I look ridiculous I think they're
definitely bigger now I'm just gonna go
and just go around the edges
make sure there's no ridiculous pink
this for the lips I'm going to be using
one of my favorite lip products at the
moment and that is the soap & Glory sexy
motherfucker gloss crayon in bash bog to
give it that extra wow factor I'm going
to apply the mimimi lighten me up quite
shiny lip gloss and here's the finished
look
so thank you so much for watching I hope
you enjoyed this tutorial and of course
don't forget to give it a big thumbs up
and don't forget to subscribe bye guys
