hi I'm Emma and welcome to my pale skin
today I'm going to be telling you guys
how to create this Kylie Jenner 90s
makeup inspired look it's all about big
flattery lashes and a dark nude lip I
hope you enjoy it and don't forget to
give it a big thumbs up and don't forget
subscribe bye for foundation I'm using
the NARS sheer glow foundation in
Siberia this is the lightest in the line
and it actually suits my skin tone
perfectly so I'm so happy about that
to conceal I'm using the NARS radiant
creamy concealer in Chantilly and I'm
creating a triangle under my eyes before
dotting it over my blemishes and then
blending that out with my finger to
finish I'm using the same expert face
brush from the foundation just to blend
that out evenly
my favorite contour products for pale
skin is the NYX type blusher this stuff
is absolutely amazing I'm bringing that
down the hollows of my cheeks before
then moving underneath my jaw line back
onto my temples and finally finishing
across my forehead I always find it
easier to contour my nose using a
smaller brush so I'm taking an eyeshadow
brush with the NYX taupe finally I'm
blending that contour rowdies in my Real
Techniques powder brush for a highlight
I'm using shade 4 from the makeup
revolution
sugar and spice contour and blush
palette this is currently my go-to
highlighter it's a slightly frosted pink
shade but it balances out the contour
perfectly from the same palette I'm
using shade 7 to add a matte pink blush
to my cheeks this palette is so
pigmented so a little bit really goes a
long way to create Kylie Jenner's soft
smokey eye look I'm using the makeup
revolution Salvation what's he waiting
for palette I'm taking the lightest
matte shade before moving onto the taupe
and then blending this over and back
along the crease
it's really important to take your time
blending this because we want to get an
even smooth color transition to build up
the crease color I'm just taking the
medium brown and concentrating on the
outer corner blending in and then
following underneath blend that out
using a really big fluffy brush but then
saying that I am got a bloody clue what
brush I'm using add a hint of shimmer
I'm taking a medium brown shimmer shade
and just patting that one two lids
before moving on to black and I am
gently running this inside the crease
it's really important to take your time
with the black so blend it out slowly go
back in for the lighter color if you
need to but take your time and it will
look beautiful prep your brows by
brushing through with a spoolie and then
let's fill them in Kylie has great thick
brows so that's the look we're going for
today i'm using anastasia beverly hills
dipbrow pomade in taupe and medium brown
if you want to sharp brow don't be
afraid to go back in with concealer
underneath as well as on top and then
finished by brushing through with a
spoolie taking a soft black eyeliner I'm
going in between my eyelashes to line my
upper lip line before then moving on to
the flick my favorite projects for
flicks is that collection 24 hour belt
liner it just is so cheap and just works
so well I don't always get my flicks
right but luckily today I did and I did
it on camera so that's always a bonus am
now lining my waterline using the same
soft black bourgeois eyeliner before
moving back onto the makeup revolution
palettes to blend out the black and the
dark brown underneath and if I decided I
wanted to touch up above apparently wipe
any excess foundation off your lips and
now it's time for the main attraction
I'm using the Mac well lip liner to
create the beautiful kylie jenner lips
I'm really taking my time line in them
and then I'm totally filling in the
whole lip as a base using the will lip
liner once again sharpen in that line
with a touch of the NARS radiant creamy
concealer for the perfect kylie jenner
lip shade I love to use Mac velvet teddy
this is the must-have lipstick off the
moment and it's so easy to see why it
looks so beautiful on finishing the lips
with the Mac whale lip liner and now
it's time to pull the whole look
together for that neat kylie jenner
contour and sharp by edge go back in
with your concealer and blend that
out using your makeup revolution and
salvation pallets of shadows to create
Kylie's beautiful wispy eyelashes I'm
using Mac 35 lashes and remember to curl
these to fuse them to your natural
lashes and finish them with just a tiny
touch of mascara moving on to hair and
I've had my sleeping rollers in for
about 2 hours just to give a bit of
movement and volume into my roots now
we're going to just brush through that
knitting it up and create her volume
textured hair and here's the finished
look like Kylie Jenner 90s makeup
inspired look complete with a before and
after to show you from start to finish
as well as some Kylie Jenner inspired
posing come on you got to do it say
thanks for watching I really hope you
enjoyed it and of course don't forget to
subscribe bye guys
hi Mike
