hi everyone and today I'm going to be
doing the British tag vol I got tagged
by my friend f-from Beauty in Peter and
yeah I thought I'd do the British tag
this thing's first you need a copy of
the tape it's my cup ok question number
one how many cups of tea do you have a
day and how many shivers I have no I
don't drink tea I do not drink tea I
don't drink tea I hate tea I'm sorry I
hate tea I'm afford this isn't actually
- it's a Lovera
I don't drink tea how many sugars do you
have any tea no don't drink tea I try
not to put sugar in anything this is a
very rare occasion that I have a sugary
drink which is said oh no it's full of
about eight different types of sugar but
I literally live on the sugar-free
Ribena that is all I drink that I'm
Robinson squash at a trick tea I drink
squash that's it end off yeah I'm not
very British my question number two what
is the favorite part of your roast I
love roast dinners I'm vegetarian I
don't actually eat meat so me meat is um
totally off the cards gravy carrots mint
sauce rice potatoes roast potatoes but I
could only have one bit I would have
roast potatoes but does that come with
gravy his great is gravy gravy soaked
roast potatoes is that cheating
but then roast potatoes definitely roast
potatoes question number three favorite
dunking biscuit I don't actually dunk
biscuit
I don't do hot drinks I don't actually
drink any drinks that have biscuits to
be dunked in them so I don't really dunk
anything so therefore this question
doesn't actually apply to me
I do actually dunk a biscuit you know
when you make a trifle and you have the
trifle sponge fingers they were about
this big and they've got sugar on them
those dipped in the hot jelly mixture
that you're about to set for the trifle
if you dunk one of those biscuits in
there it kind of like soaks up the jelly
I like dunk a biscuit into jelly by
jelly I mean daddy and not Jam if you're
in America I do not mean Jam I mean
jelly what is your favorite British
pastime um I like to complain I like to
complain quite a lot I like to moan I
like to grumble yeah I just like to
state my opinion on things where it's
completely unnecessary yeah moaning I
quite like it question number five what
is your favorite word my usual kind of
go to work so this question is goblet I
just like the way it sounds gob blocked
goblet cop left cobbler cobbler cobbler
goblet and frolic frolic in cobbler
frolic think about frolic is it just
rolls up your tongue frolic you say man
frolic and goblets pramukh complex
there's my favorite ones I'm not sorry
I'm sorry
those cockney rhyming slang um apples
and pears there's dog and bone bone
I can't think of anything I don't know I
don't know you what is your favorite
sweet know if you somewhere what's in my
bag video where I actually learned to
what the hell was in my bag because I
didn't know then you would know that my
favorite sweets are the summer peaches
from the goodie good stuff
sweetie bags that the Saline whole food
so another kind of funky shops like that
summer peaches yes question number eight
what was your pup be called I actually
know the answer to this one I would
either call it the two owls after these
two little hours here so I'd call it the
two owls or I call it the clumsy owl two
hours the two owls my pup would be
called the two owls after these two yeah
maybe the clumsy hour actually question
number nine
you've got number one British person oh
I'm actually so unprepared for this is
ridiculous so I prepared he's my number
one favorite British person the thing is
I don't actually like people that much
it's not probably don't like people it's
just that I don't spend that much time
with them Boris Johnson I don't even
like Boris Johnson work by saying Boris
Johnson I don't even like Boris Johnson
my favorite British person is mr. beam
mr. beam I like him doesn't have to say
much he's lovably awkward it's funny
he's got teddy bear I like teddy bears
done mr. Boone
that's a British person yes mr. bean yes
favourite shop or restaurant my
favourite restaurant has to be Pakistan
Pakistan is a Michelin stars Chinese
restaurant in London and I love it there
the best service that I'd ever seen in a
restaurant in my life like literally it
was faultless absolutely faultless and
that's kind of like a really big deal
for me so many times I go out for dinner
with my partner and it's a really crap
because I'm vegetarian and even they
don't cater for vegetarians properly or
something's wrong with the food or
whatever so Hakkasan 100% for the most
amazing service you should go there my
favourite shop is Primark it's cheap
cheap cheerful I love it my t-shirts
from prime up my jeans are actually from
Primark strap top actually from Primark
my cushion Primark I might as well just
leave and just put a Primark out here
what British song pops into your head
I don't when you listen to music there's
nothing in my head
Spice Girls if you want to be my lover
lastly question number 12 Marmite
Marmite on toast
no twinklets yes now this is the thing
that I don't understand I don't actually
like Marmite but I'm really freaking
like twiglets like I really really like
twiglets but my partner doesn't like
twiglets so I don't actually eat
twiglets if I'm near him or around him
because they stink they absolutely stink
and it doesn't matter how many times
that you brush your teeth after you eat
twiglet you still stink of twiglets
don't like Marmite do like to make that
don't understand it somebody please tell
me why that's it um did the tag you find
out that I don't actually like tea
I'm fraud I just drink scotch and yeah I
like to complain British um like I am
British I don't know if I'm the most
British person I don't think I'm British
no I'm British but I don't think I'm the
most British like person um yeah
don't drink tea no no but I like to
complain there we go um Thank You Beth
for tagging me and these are my ounces
I'm sure you're gonna be very
disappointed but um that's life this man
that is life
I'm gonna leave my tags down here in the
box if you enjoyed this video please
don't forget to subscribe and give it a
big thumbs up
pushing them for Lutton what bridges
song a stick pop yeah
