whose mother
this is a chemical reaction back it's
got two handles they also got really
long straps again if you're expecting
this to be inside a video where you're
going into handbags and says look look
how beautifully arranged that weeping is
the can tidy and neat and look how I
know where everything it's them
oh yeah but this definitely is not the
video after time I go my hand back and
I've got to do what's in it and you
think I'm joking but honestly I'm not
where around I have to stop and
literally humming things keep our
because I will not know what's gonna
come out of it I haven't as many things
my bag happen taking anything out this
is the stuff in here that I took with me
to work today in my bag yeah so let's
have a look shall we
can you see that so that
my gosh that is what is current length
in my handbag to us it's correct
I should not done that
see gotta miss me I can show you make up
for that I can make like no I wouldn't
actually looked at badges that was laced
with it to get me another food to say
one year additional warranty on a
Philips shave are going to drink one
morning
they're fine one bar when I need to
drink Joe drop is it because I'm sweaty
or is it because deodorants can't for
fun just don't actually work I just
don't get it anywhere I use this one
don't
to my office so that not lose those
tests you never know when you might need
a gt3 Belkis Bob this is the judges on
my electronic cigarette I click my mouse
and move on to vape it Percy for hade I
make it back
look there's another receipt Oh
one pounds off when you spend five
pounds or more and select toiletries and
soup I like boots
I like toiletries I like saving money
maybe that's going to keep hi in this is
order confirmation but cosmos to put
blood connect this class this is my
ticket for the Cosmo hashtag plus my
career move I went to a Monday and it
was nine
cool imma back you guys oh my guillotine
floating why is it
why are you doing well laughs fix that
so I've got any Internet Advertising
Bureau UK notepad now that makes me
sound really official but actually it
was on my desk when started that my job
so whoever that was there before me
sorry so in it we have lots of very
balls for the lobby staff to be honest
this is mainly just notes from one away
across my mouth once every day
I'm a weirdo you like to lose that
everything's I literally almost broke
down if you think that you could be a
rooster we're talking about because I am
obsessed with learning new things
crippled nectar plants coupon when can
you spend 30 pounds or more on
ax-chopped why don't I get that when I
spent like paper hunter crate on
delivery food it was a train ticket to
Gatwick Airport my camera's insulating
again
like steal again
why do you keep doing this
right so in Toulouse in general I don't
care okay okay okay
nice I can save it so--but dog ears but
it wasn't so spicy
I would literally cuddle big brush I
think I don't even have an excuse why I
still carry it around with me it's just
me on except my car for a Russian
missile
these are pretty good stuff summer
peaches and their dairy-free fat-free
gluten-free gelatin free and artificial
color spring after fun I'm going to stay
here you're a vegetarian you must go and
bargain is easily just a bit of speed
but also got my face so what my handbag
just like so you really expect my face
anything fun I mean like that very much
wrap that does not need to be in there
who needs calibrate that many states
that these are all food with its just
fall into my mouth that was all crap
that was in my own bags empty now so yes
thanks for coming on my bag clearing out
exercise
it was really boring and yeah so that's
it no more crap in the bag thanks for
watching and don't
I'm too comfortable
you
