if I had to describe the ideal woman
like you typical Instagram model know
the girls it seemed like the perfect
features like I pretty clear skin
hourglass figure Kim Kardashian on the
thinner side looks perfect without
makeup
they literally immaculate girl that
every single guy liked that's the girl I
want it to be because I saw that as most
likely a white woman yeah I think that
would probably be my idealized Western
woman initially I had no idea where to
even begin on this how the hell do you
prove something that you have no idea
where to even begin what was that
in the Mina thoughts was presented to
you so you just take as it is it's
questions in 2015 I kind of set out on
this journey I had no idea would end up
where I am now when we filmed you looks
disgusting I remember standing on set
turning to the guys and saying in any of
my films hit 1 million years I would
want this to be the one on YouTube alone
that is 30 million views and that was
2018 and we're doing it all over again
except this time it's not my journey and
it's not just my voice matters because
this is all about more than just me my
name is Kasia I've had acne since I was
actually since I was 15 and now I'm 33
so that's 18 years I've pretty much
struggled with it I had vitiligo
I have 35 set burns I was volunteering
in Tanzania in Africa I wasn't
completely round ambassador time I
basically want someone to look oh say
yep I really miss day and age everyone
has to look the same people make us feel
like we need to be perfect
my name is dr. Sam bunting and I'm a
Cosmetic Dermatologist you cannot see
20-somethings and not be aware of the
impact social media has what you want to
achieve me appointment day I want to be
like that once we flawless I would like
flawless skin it's somewhat unrealistic
unfortunately being beautiful being
pretty is something to be proud of and
that's something a lot of people
treasure Society is like this is what
you have to be like I mean it's almost
like you're not good enough even if
you're a talented and I love to sing I
really love to sing and people never
understood why I would say no and I was
waste saying no because I didn't feel
like I
like I just couldn't like they wouldn't
accept me I kept noticing him how many
didn't apply for the jobs they wanted to
because they were afraid they would be
knocked back because of their appearance
I've been approached by M Ford to look
at how people's brains respond to images
of either their own face or other
people's faces with and without makeup
so that we can explore the negative
perceptions of oneself on the brain
think of people go oh no but it's not
that bad but you're like you don't get
it you don't understand how it makes me
feel I think they try to understand it
but it's not you can't say it in words
you can't say it you can't explain there
it's just that feeling that you get why
do people keep saying things like pull
yourself together I just dealing with it
because they don't understand my name is
Vince Walsh I'm a professor of human
brain researcher at UCL if you've been
in say 10 social situations where you've
been worried about your acne you know
what's into a rumours flawless
supermodels for example next time you
see either yourself in fact you could be
feeling great about yourself but still
walk into one of these rooms and now
it's not you're seeing yourself or
thinking about yourself that triggers
this narrative it's seeing the other
people who's become associated with your
internal feelings about your skin
condition was the thought that you could
feel proud of yourself and you could
feel good about yourself with acne do
you think that was possible I never
thought that having acne and being proud
of myself being happy with myself was a
thing those who didn't go together how
the hell do you prove something you have
no idea where to even begin I don't know
where to begin if you mean by truth sure
that it's got some substance in in brain
activity my theory was based on the tens
of thousands of emails that I'd received
since creating you look disgusting they
all tended to say the same thing when
they saw pictures of myself for other
women without makeup they felt better
about themselves there is no data out
there that proves this theory why is it
that I'm the one to do it why has nobody
tested this
there is a brain area called the
amygdala and the temporal lobes of the
brain is responsive to emotional stimuli
it's very difficult to control I could
get together a group of women who all
kind of echo the tens of thousands of
emails I've received so for the past few
yes what do I do I feel that I am a shy
person due to my skin condition like
it's usually sort of when I wake up in
the morning I need to cover this up
cover that up you're not yet beautiful
we'll get you there because I know this
is true it's this immediate response
system so when it's activated your blood
pressure will go up I don't know how to
say to people that this is real heart
rate stress hormones will be released
what am i doing that's when you feel
anxiety I never really experienced what
it was like to be loved and so I thought
if I can just be regular it just been
normal in my mind makeup and covering
your vitiligo equals love so to be loved
and to stay loved I have to continue to
cover my vitiligo
every day all day never take it off for
anything there was a year I think when I
was 16 or 17 my mom was away for a year
she went back to Featherstone to see her
family and during that year look sorry
she always wanted to Skype me to see me
see how I'm doing I refused sorry I
didn't want her to see me like that
those fear that mark Nick oh really part
of my face people to look at me as if I
was human
like I didn't see my mama for ya just
colorful like me honestly growing up no
one told me I was beautiful with the
Chinese stand of a beauty no even just
my parents just everyone told me I was
too dark being here my peers told me I
was too light in the Asian culture was
too far so I was never pretty my family
always tell me to lose weight and not go
out in the Sun no one in my family ever
called me frisky
when you think about the world and the
women of the world my horse in them to
all feel like they have to fit one box
if we've raised a generation of people
who have only seen one thing they're
gonna have in their mindset this is
beauty that is it I'm not okay with that
I don't think anybody should be okay
with that and the meter that's what's
presented to you so you just take as it
is but like actually thinking about it
and making that connection is it's quite
it's quite strange it's quite strange am
i doing the right thing here because I
have this responsibility to these other
women who are already feeling a certain
way that ask them to undergo brain
experiments and brain testing you've got
180 of the world's very best cognitive
neuroscientists what's important is that
we find a leading brand imagery I think
if we get professor Joe Devlin to do
that that would be a great start and
there's gonna be another about 30
seconds buzzing noises that'll just
customize the scan to your head and then
we'll get ready to start the experiment
is that okay we can show them gradations
of images of beauty models either
without makeup with makeup or retouched
and asked the question do any of these
images excite activity in this emotional
network which is associated with social
anxiety disorder general anxiety
disorder and even PTSD if you're right
that's the kind of activation that we
would we would be expecting to see in
this experiment it's just gonna give us
a nice picture of your brain after that
I'll come in and get you out
how was that
construct your head as if it was parked
out of wood but it can't see hair hair
is invisible to MRI ever curious what
you would look like bald and the other
thing is makeup distorts easier eyeball
to tell that's the bridge of your nose I
work with beauty friends I work with the
beauty industry for a living
I've worked with every major Beauty
company in the world and this film is
telling them that they are the problem
someone who's got me to my guy I like
myself I always felt the need to cover
it up so I would fit in with every other
single go out there and I want its look
exactly like I didn't know is that they
have all their pictures airbrush so we
just look and go oh want to be like that
well wouldn't have that skin so
obviously that makes you feel insecure
or why do I not have a skin like these
people and everyone should be
represented it shouldn't just be one way
there's no there shouldn't be people oh
sorry
people like in terms of discrimination
and and that kind of stuff is like
putting one kind of race is almost a
form of discrimination or including
other people you maybe look a certain
way and at the end of the day this is
the world we live in a diverse really
involved in the emotions you attach to
memories when you encode the more evoke
really horrible tuber up and not see a
reflection of myself in the media in
movies anywhere anywhere at all it was
like we were pushed to the back and not
good enough to be in the forefront
saying associations between seeing these
unattainable research standards and your
own anxiety that should be reflected in
the images bill document securities as
well so you want to look a certain way
but you die in and if there are
associations between seeing oneself in
the mirror I think we should see some
reflection of that in the brain images
one thing to say that these images can
make you feel bad about yourselves or
it's another thing to say that you feel
better about yourself when you see
images of another person without makeup
I now have the responsibility to know
that these women have the same brain
activity as someone suffering from PTSD
I have a lot of weight to have on my
shoulders I think the first thing to ask
is do things make general sense is the
face area activated in the brain's
there's lots of activation in those
areas did we get unique activations in
the amygdala that resulted with the
traumatic stimuli we did and we're
seeing that in response to facial energy
you lighting up not just the fish that
you saw all these other bits here at the
back of it these are face recognition
that the amygdala staking out much more
of the emotion am I going to step too
far by saying these look like the kinds
of activations of traumatized people or
is that what you see in the comic on a
daily basis the word trauma is spot on
they have often been told that they have
something that's not life threatening
it's not that serious but they have this
really strong almost primitive response
to it I even when you told us to shut
our eyes and you know like just vision
or beautiful being beautiful is it did
make me feel still like sad and insecure
and you know the other crazy thing
you're gone every single girl get the
exact same reaction Wow it all felt the
same you have these images and losing
but they're lovely and they're beautiful
and in how okay is it when it's
affecting people's perception of beauty
when it becomes you know a whole group
of people our whole society's view or
how everybody should look when everybody
doesn't look like that so
yeah I think it's I think it's great
that I feel that way actually
so we're it's proved I like how we all
fail and it's proved it in the scams
like scientifically prove it's tough
because you look at these images and
you're like I want to be that you know
but what is that always that how do you
define that that you know how can you be
this physical perfection for me it just
doesn't exist that's how I feel so you
can't just tell me to get over it
because I'm not going to get over it
you can redefine pretty
what should the definition being
confident in who you are from an inside
place don't need to worry about what
anyone thinks letting your personality
reflect you're beautiful when you're
right behind that no unique is what
makes you beautiful what people consider
to be your idea and beautiful as an
always what actually is beauty doesn't
have to be what we look like what we
look like there's nothing it's nothing
it's gonna fade in time thank you
I can sit here and I can make a fancy
film and I can have fancy but it doesn't
change anything it doesn't change
anything unless you let it show people
the reality show women the reality that
they want to see which is one of you
accept it the way we are and here we are
this is all about more than just me this
is everything I can do what are you
gonna do
you
