hi guys and welcome back today I wanted
to continue on our weird and wonderful
testing series if there's one thing that
I'm totally obsessed with it is finding
some of the weirdest strangest most
painful most unusual products oh boy did
I find something pretty interesting last
week in Sephora I was looking at the
aisles and I was just like what is that
literally I have never seen a product
like this before
we don't have Sephora in the UK please
take pity on us I live in England
I don't live on the moon but even still
this was bloody weird I obviously did
the logical thing and just bought two of
them without really looking into too
much what it is I've got those products
here today to test out for you guys
let's get weird let's get wonderful and
let's test out some rubber face muffs
these are the dr. jart rubber masks we
have the hydration lover mask we also
have the dr. jarred rubber mask Brite
lover mask is that what my face is gonna
look like because that is pretty damn
creepy that one just looks like somebody
smothered like some mustard all over a
small child space so I'm not gonna try
both of them out today that's overkill
and if one of them breaks me out I'm not
gonna know which one it is I did in fact
take to long haul flights in less than a
week and my skin it does not do well on
airplane so I'm definitely gonna go for
the blue hydration option today because
this is a rubber mask I've taken the
following safety precautions basically
I've just tied my hair back haven't I
and I'm not gonna wear any earrings
today so the packaging claims that it is
a hydrating wrap in rubber MA which
soups and moisturizers dry skin it is a
single-use mass the back of the
packaging says the rubber mask wraps the
skin to prevent the moisturizing
ingredients from evaporating while
providing a cooling sensation oh that's
quite nice but it is bloody cold outside
so we have a two-step process going on
today that one is the head treating
intensive ampule packed up to rubber
sheet mask prevents moisturizing
ingredients from evaporating and soups
dry skin marine algae sea lettuce and I
am not big on my super foods like that
so I'm just gonna say Lorella make it
sound like I know what I'm saying soothe
any irritation caused by dryness this is
gonna go to waste
number one it could be bit ruin my face
number two it could hydrate in my space
we've got kind of like a 50-50 chance
right now
bollocks nodes to handle with care so if
I go at it and boom boom please tell me
oh I'm an idiot and I never learned
maybe left on for up to 40 minutes the
maximum hydration who has 40 minutes to
leave that on their face I could almost
guarantee my doorbell would ring like
four times I'm basically gonna take the
cop out I'm just gonna leave it on my
skin for fifteen to twenty minutes I
don't know like if it's gonna ruin my
face let's do it let's get our rubber
Mouse go on so I'm just gonna go ahead
and open it this basically looks exactly
the same mystic box after cleansing
massage step 1 amp your pack onto skin
to nourish let's do it was anybody else
expecting that cream to be blue because
I totally was can't you smells like the
run-of-the-mill moisturizing cream oh oh
oh I just touched that and that's quite
jelly but definitely was not expecting
that to be as jelly like as it is I'd
say that's more blancmange kind of
territory than jelly that is weird
let's do it guys fairly normal so far it
feels quite jolly like but it's going on
like a normal moisturizing cream how
much do I put on like do I put the whole
thing I'm not feeling any stinging I've
used nearly all of that tuff up there's
not very much in there step to open a
step to a rubber mask pouch that is it
this one carefully remove the film at
placed the mask on your face and gently
press I'm a little bit worried I'm gonna
go for it because I do not want this
moisturizer on my face to dry we're in
let's be careful this is kind of slimy
and kind of weird
every way what is this where does this
go okay watch carefully remove the film
place the mask on your Facebook which
side of the film do I remove does it
matter
removing film oh my god this is so weird
oh my god it's so cold fabric that I was
not careful enough guys he didn't tell
me to be careful next bit remove film oh
my god what the hell oh my god it's so
cool
alright that was far too stressful
for putting on a face mask I feel like I
have pressed that everywhere no like
there is not really anywhere else for me
to press and that is like way too close
to my eye for my liking
oh this is so horrible that is slipping
off my mouth basically I can't talk when
we're in this thing
I guess that a timer we have 15 minutes
on the clock
let that do its kind of slippery rubbery
thing maybe I just don't get out enough
but this is so wait I look like I've
been in a Barbie doll fire or something
I'm gonna leave this to it and I'm gonna
check back in in a couple of minutes and
let you know oh my god it's falling off
we're gonna let you know how I'm getting
on I feel like this has been on my face
for way too long my laptop has died my
phone is tired it's been like 50 in a
minute I'm just gonna take this off my
skin now Oh kind of becoming less okay
wait how creepy it looks and feels as
time goes on let's peel it off let's see
in the beauty that we are left with
underneath I'm going to start on the top
section just give it a little bit of
appeal it feels so weird basically
killing itself and now I have a blue
beard can I do it in one that is so
weird
the mask has been removed this is now
what my skin is left looking weird it
does feel quite hydrated actually but
then it does feel like I've got jelly
all over my face it feels a little bit
tacky I want to go and just wash it off
I don't think that's the point yet
remove it gently and massage remaining
am pure into the skin I don't really
have much left here but I'm just gonna
massage that in give it a bit of a good
brother there is quite a big difference
in how it felt before the mask and after
the mask I'm not sure that's just
because there's so much product sat on
top of my skin I feel like that's made
quite a big difference genuinely it is
still and nourish it's feeling hydrated
that is definitely living my skin
looking really ratio how I'm not had to
all of this pigmentation and those
blemishes on my skin my skin would be
like just generally very plants and
hydrated pleasantly surprised by that I
know I shouldn't be that surprised when
you see weird things like this I'm like
seriously that's gonna like do wonders
for my skin
he actually has my skin is definitely
kind of glowing right now
dr. jar and your weirdo kinds of rubber
baby and blues gone so there we go guys
my final thoughts on the dr. jart rubber
mask hydration lover
slightly weird slightly creepy slightly
unusual and definitely slightly
impressed
I wasn't expecting my skin to look as
plump and hydrated and feel as a nice
plump and hydrated as it does anyway
those are my thoughts but I would love
to hear yours
so have you tried the rubber mask would
you try it
would you buy it let me know in the
comment section down below thank you so
much for watching if you'd like to check
out more weird and wonderful product
reviews you can click here or here thank
you so much for watching don't forget to
subscribe I'll see you guys soon bye
