don't you want a party standing in the
crackling carpet everybody's carefree
everybody's carefree
hi guys and welcome back in today's
video if you haven't guessed already I'm
talking you through how to do this
ultimate Regina George mingles inspired
makeup and costume tutorial so if you
want to find out how to get this look
just keep watching this is the spectrum
collections and Mean Girls
boomba it is a brush collection and
makeup brush holder the foundation brush
for example has she doesn't even go here
on the handle how cool is that
Regina's makeup is really relatively
simple pretty young pretty dewy and very
very pink I'm my skin today I'm using
the l'oreal true match highlight and
this is in the shade icy glow start
applying that highlights to my cheeks
chin and forehead I'm making sure to
avoid most of the t-zone area now that
my base is prepped and primed I'm going
to move on to color correct in that
pigmentation that you can see on my skin
today I'm using the Crowell and derma
color and to apply that I'm taking the
spectrum a 0 7 brush and this one that
says that's so fetch
on the side I'm just going to take the
shade D 7 just on that brush to try and
dole down that redness and using the
spectrum b03 brush I'm just gonna very
gently buff and blend I'm using the Make
Up For Ever Ultra HD foundation I'm just
gonna apply that using my Beauty Blender
out slap all over my skin
Regina George has some seriously light
eyebrows you can barely see them against
her skin i'm using the loreal paris brow
artist sculpt and this is in the shade
number one blonde I have never used this
product before this might go horribly
wrong
Regina is usually all about that kind of
sultry smoked outs liner even on her
prom makeup look she is always more
about that smudged out liner I have the
Stila matte and metals palette literally
has every shades that you might ever
need for a Regina George makeup look
those kind of matte movil shapes here
then you do also have the little flashes
of shimmer as well which looks so
beautiful and so delicate on the lid I'm
gonna start by taking this shade here
called Feber and I'm gonna use my
spectrum b06 brush and the quote on this
is you go Glen Coco I'm gonna take this
sheet here called velour
and just take that into the crease of my
eye I'm stad a wash of shimmer I'm
taking this shade here called sequins
and to recreate Regina's sultry smoked
eyes I'm using the pixi by petra endless
silky eye pen we just need a very tiny
bit tight lines on the lashes take some
of that pixie pencil onto that brush and
just smudge that on the lower lash line
I'm going to add a touch of brow
highlight this is the B brow bar
highlighter I've never used this before
but when i swatched it earlier i was
really impressed with the shade so I'm
gonna be brave and I'm gonna give it a
go for my mascara I'm using the
Maybelline the Big Shot to mascara one
of my favorite drugstore options let's
finish up at the base I don't want to go
too harsh or too hard on highlights and
contour back in like 2002 2003 people
didn't really highlight in contour like
they did today I'm gonna use the
collection precision contouring pen that
is in the shade medium fly into the
hollows of my cheeks down towards my
jewel I'm also going to take that
contour stick under my chin I'm also
going to take that contour along my
temple with our contour complete let's
move on to concealer and highlighter I'm
using the Tarte shape tape concealer pop
that onto the back of my hand like so
dab that into the under eye area I'm
going back to that
ao7 brush to just blend it out we're
going to take a very small amount of
that onto my forehead and my chin and to
set my base I'm using a small amount of
the Ben Nye super white powder
I'm also going to add a touch if the
hoola bronzer
so there's one thing that always stands
out about a Regina George lure hot pink
blush I'm using the bourgeois Paris
little round pot number 42 rose blossom
this is the spectrum a zero one you can
walk home bitches brush just sweep that
along the highest points of my cheeks I
feel like that bourgeois blush has a
little bit too much shimmer I'm gonna
take the Zoe burr pink spectrum palette
shade PK 0 20 I'm just gonna matte that
oh there we go that's much better
should I just use this one in the first
place as far as highlighter goes in
terms of 2017 standard Regina George
practically doesn't wear any I'm using
the Tanya burr illuminating powder and
this is in the shade champagne sorbet
this is the a 10 the brush and it's
cause gruel a little tiny touch to the
end of my nose a little bit just in
between my brows under my brow I'm gonna
add a touch to my forehead the very tip
top of my cheekbone let's finish up with
some lips I'm using the hooded Beauty
trophy wife lip liner and to finish up
my look I'm using the Maybelline Color
sensational lipstick in the shade Hank
bling 207 and to finish up those lips
I'm gonna pop on a small amount at the
venti Beauty lip balm now that
everything is finished up is one thing
left to do to really get that true
Regina George look let's go get ready
for prom so Regina's headdress was
actually relatively simple to put
together everything that we used you can
purchase from a hardware store and
everything is super affordable and most
importantly safe you're gonna need some
of this galvanized steel or maybe it's
aluminium and some bolt cutters you need
to cut enough so you can create your
halo that goes around your head and make
sure you leave X for a room secure that
with tape for now because when you're
happy with it you can then go in with
your nuts bolts and washers now the
sides pieces were quite tricky and took
a very long time to figure out what to
use we finally settled on some flat tees
and
to get that shape right make sure you
secure their is with nuts bolts and
washers for a safe and secure fit next
we purchased some of these kind of four
bolt things I don't know what they call
we used it to extend and then put
another flat L on the end and again
secure that with nuts and bolts and this
then creates that shape that you see on
the side however we didn't really buy
the right parts so things didn't really
match up as well as they should've if
this happens just put a bit of tape on
it for now and then you can glue gun or
fix it later when it comes to the poles
it took us five different hardware
stores to find the right parts we used
some PVC pipe and pipe clips you want to
make sure that you can secure your pipe
clips to your flat L again using nuts
and bolts that way you can easily slot
your pipe in next attach your sides to
your halo being sure to take your time
to get the position in right on this you
need to make sure there's space for your
heads the side poles just tuck into the
back of a belt so to make sure they're
extra support and strengthened we use
some of these sides brackets to hold it
in its shape your pipe will then easily
slot into the clips safety is so so
important so do make sure that all of
your screws are pointing outwards away
from your head and to make sure all of
that metal work is safe we glue guns
ours to some foam you can use any kind
of craft foam or any kind of soft black
material or a fake leather even to do
this fold it over and then you can poke
your screws through it and for the
flowers I purchased two bunches of faux
sweet peas from ebay and secures with
tape don't you want to
sitting in the crowd feeling heartbeat
don't you wanna party just wanna party
and this is the finished look it is my
ultimate Regina George Mean Girls makeup
and costume tutorial thank you so much
for watching I hope you enjoyed this
video I hope you liked my makeup there
is so much room for activities in this
thing like oh my god
shout out to one of my best friend's
Charles and who came over for like four
days to help me build it thank you so
much for watching that don't forget to
hit that subscribe button and for more a
full transformation videos you can click
here or here thanks for watching guys
don't forget to subscribe and I'll see
you soon bye
