hi guys and welcome back in today's
video we have another one brand makeup
tutorial and today's brand of choice is
lush cosmetics everything in this bag I
did in fact purchase myself and it all
came to the grand price of 221 pounds
and 40 pence let's get started to prime
my skin today I bought the lush feeling
younger skin tint that says that it will
brighten your complexion and get you
goods to glow okay Oh see how much my
skin is glowing after applying that feel
like I have that kind of radiant glow
going on and I'm really liking how that
looked so far I had absolutely no idea
which shade foundation I needed to buy I
bought two shades open that I could kind
of blend and highlight used in them no I
do if that's gonna work or if it's a
terrible idea I don't even know what the
pigmentation is like on this use it
straight onto your skin or blend into
your favorite moisturizer for beautiful
results I might just apply this with my
fingers it doesn't feel like a dream
matte mousse it just kind of feels like
a whipped foundation ooh I'm gonna try
and use my fingers actually to blend
that out and using my brush I'm just
gonna feather out the edges I'm gonna
take an extra touch of that foundation
to try and build up the coverage on this
area so far it's definitely not working
for acne skin very gently gonna take
that brush and try and blend it out and
do as that is it's not really doing
anything is it guys I don't think that's
gonna get any more cup of than that I
have tried so hard to get this to cover
I'm building it slowly I'm doing it
layer by layer but no it's not gonna
happen I really really struggled to get
this to look where it is
nevermind I'm gonna keep going because
lush don't actually sell any concealers
I'm gonna use the exact same product in
a slightly lighter shade to try and add
that concealed highlighted under-eye
area I'm just gonna take some of the
shades Jackie Oates and I'm gonna use
the same its cosmetics brush oh wow it
literally disappeared I'm not feeling it
I literally nearly didn't believe the
guy in the lush store when he said that
these were the brow products I put two
different shades in the lush brow crayon
I'm gonna go for the shade belongs today
oh that actually worked that's actually
a really really nice shade it looks
natural it still has texture and I just
think the color is perfect
nailed it lush don't actually sell any
eyeshadow palettes they don't sell any
press pigments they don't sell any pan
I had no freaking clue which shade I
wanted to buy I bought four shades this
is where things went horribly wrong
because I have no idea how much each
shade cost yeah had I looked at the
price tag probably wouldn't have bought
four different shades these bottles
retail for twelve pounds fifty each had
I known that which is my own stupid
fault for not looking at the price tag
probably wouldn't have bought four of
them we have the shade in sight
next we have the shade honest let's go
for explore finally our tea
first of all I'm going to take the shade
honest actually come out a really really
nice shade I'm just gonna build that up
over the entire lid and using my clean
Smith to 3-2 brush I'm just gonna blend
out those edges we have a hell of a lot
of fall outs happening in the under eye
area you can come back to that and fix
it afterward I would definitely
recommend doing your eyes first if you
are using these types of eye shadow
product gonna use the shade explorer
which is that really pretty sparkly
purple shade to the inner and outer
corners of my eye and once again I'm
going to go back to that Smith two-three
to brush and blend it out
really don't know if I have the balls to
try the RT pigment I'm so freakin scared
of screwing this up feel like this is
where things are gonna go potentially
horribly wrong oh it's working maybe I
was just using too much Oh No maybe it's
going horribly wrong I feel like we have
a crease here where it's darkened
whatever I do it's just getting even
more muddy
I'm gonna finish things up very very
very quickly pick the shade in sight
this is the independent stand on your
own two feet liquid liner got a little
liner brush gonna add a little bit of a
wing to that and hope that it fixes it
we finding it quite difficult to use
because it has this really thick cap on
the end which kind of gets in the way so
when I'm trying to visualize the line
the cap is kind of stopping me
okay we've got there now it was the
angle definitely tried better but I've
also definitely tried worse it's gonna
move on to lush eyes rights mascara I
didn't even look at what the brush was
like on this please don't be a terrible
oh god is one of those I'm gonna apply
this mascara
the state of me this is actually quite
tragic to set my face today I have the
lush emotional brilliance translucent
bass found across the grand price of 12
pounds 50 so I am just gonna open that
please don't go everywhere
yeah pull the little lush tab ohh ohh
that nearly went horribly wrong
moving on to blush I have the lush
lovely blush it cost 1590 500 or keep
doing that I'm gonna use the same brush
that I used for the translucent powder
and just take that onto the apples of my
cheeks that is horrific I'm just gonna
put that down back away from the blush
and I'm gonna back away slowly I have
one more base below the lush Refresh
bronzer a sultry golden powder to give
warmth to your skin and attitude to your
cheekbones welcome to the bronze age
apparently
look at the freaking state of my skin I
have powder everywhere right I've learnt
the hard way hold it down
oh my god that did not just happen that
seriously did not just happen oh my god
it's all in my hair it's awesome my
t-shirt it is literally everywhere
look at this damn it I wanted to wear
these jeans today I've got meat it's
gonna be right back I paid 1595 for this
bronzer it's going on my face it can't
be all over my jeans all over my floor
my white tee my hair my arms my
hand and not go on my face I'm gonna
take my Real Techniques setting brush
and just go ahead and apply that bronzer
to my skin okay I don't actually have
any highlights today's take some of that
insights pigments gonna very lightly
sweep over the highest points of my
cheek let's finish up with some lipstick
two different shades to choose from
today the shades are cure and the shade
witty these retail for thirteen pounds
fifty each I'm gonna take the shape
secure take the shade witty and I'm just
gonna apply that into the center of the
lips
no I'll give up so this is the finished
look look how beautiful I look guys this
with a look this was an achievement I am
covered in pigment I don't even know
what to say I really don't know if it's
the products that suck or if it's me
that sucks today this was a complete
disaster
there were a couple of products that I
did in fact like today one of those was
the feeling young primer baseness looked
so radiant that natural kind of
backstage Fashion Week glow another
product that I did really like was the
eyebrow crayon actually giving me really
natural looking for brows everything
else i'm literally reaching i want to
like things but i just don't it's just
not working for me today let me know
what you guys think
have you tried blush cosmetics before
would you try it would you buy it let me
know what you bought this look in the
comment section down below thank you so
much for watching and if you'd like to
check out more testing videos as part of
my weird and wonderful series you can
click here or here thanks for watching
I'll see you guys soon bye
