hi guys and welcome back today we're
continuing on our foundation testing
series and today's product of choice is
the Tarte rainforest off to sea
foundations Hut is pretty difficult to
get hold of in the UK we can't buy tart
in stores over here it has to go to the
States or you can now order online from
Tarte and they ship to the UK I am also
a big fan of to shape type concealer and
I'm really interested to see how the
foundation works alongside it packaging
doesn't really give us a lot of
information it is a water foundation
it's Crosbie free and shake well before
you I bought this in the shade stay in
neutral made to go horribly wrong I do
quite like that lid actually that's
quite cute you get 30 mils of foundation
in the bottle and to apply it we have to
citizen to and little dropper I'm just
going to go for it and drop oh that's
quite liquid actually color looks okay
actually on my skin let's hope it's okay
for my face as well going to start off
by applying to this side of my skin
assess and to apply my foundation today
I'm using the real techniques setting
brush
I actually really like how small and
fluffy this brushes and I feel like it's
a perfect size so I'm just going to jump
straight into it and let's apply that
foundation oh that has covered pretty
well to start with how nice is that
finish doesn't really look like I'm
wearing anything because the shape tape
is so full coverage I'm actually really
surprised at how natural that foundation
genuinely looks there's literally barely
anything on here and I feel like it just
blends out so perfectly
we are definitely on a roll at the
moment with finding good foundation I
really really like how natural it looks
it's given a good level of coverage it
doesn't look cakey even in low light it
looks amazing on my skin and I'm really
happy with how that looks and where
we're at I'm going to apply a small
amount of support shape tape concealer
into the under eye area are going to go
in with the same color stay in neutral
using the same Real Techniques brush I'm
just going to gently blend it out it
definitely does give you that really
beautiful highlighted look and to set my
base today and using the RCM a no color
powder
after finishing my bass it's not the
most natural as based products I've ever
used
especially after applying a little bit
of powder I am really happy with how
that looks right now I'm just going to
go ahead and finish up the rest of my
makeup and I'll be right back and this
is how the tarts rainforest of the sea
foundation looks with a little touch of
extra makeup for my eyeshadow today I
actually use the Anasazi a subculture
palette you can watch my first
impressions and review of this video by
clicking up here I think in or you can
check out the link in the description
box down below I'm now going to lose
this whole makeup look on my face for as
long as possible and I'll check back in
with you guys in a bit hey guys so it's
now 2:00 a.m. and my makeup has been on
my skin but eight hours I wanted to
check in and let you guys know where I'm
at we applied the tarte rainforest of
the sea foundation and i really really
liked how this foundation looks when we
first applied it I think it was very
easy to use I like the fact that it has
a dropper which always keeps it clean
and contamination 3 looks really natural
on the skin it didn't look really cakey
it looks really subtle a very radiant
and slightly stuck in - let's do you
closer look and figure out what's
happened so I just want to look that I
have actually looks really good still we
definitely have a few areas of
pigmentation that's showing through that
foundation slight crease in in the under
eye area
a touch of taking up happening just off
the side of my nose and underneath my
eyes we are also wearing away slightly
down the sides of my nose overall though
I do have to say that I am quite
impressed if I look in a thing that lets
this look down today is the brows across
the wrong brow product we're very very
warm today
most water foundations usually needs
quite a lot of powder to set now this
one I'll never hand I feel like maybe I
might have used a little bit too much
maybe I should have just powdered the
t-zone by itself rather than the entire
face I don't know it's gone - I am I'm
not really making much sad right now
would I recommend this heart rainforest
of the sea foundation based on how my
skin has worn throughout the day how it
looks at the start how it's also kind of
be acceptable right now I would say yeah
I really liked how this looks on the
skin I will definitely be using this
foundation again we know what you guys
think of this foundation in the comment
section down below have you tried the
tarte rainforest C foundation would you
try it would you buy it let me know what
you guys think thank you so much for
watching and if you'd like to see some
more foundation review you can click
here and for with and one default
products reviews here thanks for
watching guys don't forget to subscribe
I'll see you guys soon bye
