hi guys and welcome back today I have
another one brand make a tutorial for
you or face using a crime art maker
Primark literally blew me away
lumia at the water got my face looking
lit today so if you want to find out how
to achieve this look just keep watching
we have a little bit of an exclusive on
this because I'm actually the first
person to see this foundation Primark my
perfect color foundation it got three
different shapes today shave news news
page and porcelain I'm going to give the
PS pro blending brush a girl and let's
hope that we get on well with it today I
feel like so far the brush is kind of
just taking the foundation off my face
Robin blending it out am I having a fast
day or you guys seen that as well I'm
going to switch to the Real Techniques
contour brush and dip this want to go to
blend out that foundation let's try that
again shall we
one nice does that look on the skin so
it that is so pretty
wait oh my god Primark foundations
definitely need a little bit more love
that looks amazing so far I'm going to
carry on and blend out on the other side
for my concealer today I have the PS my
perfect color concealer stick and this
is a full-coverage natural finish
concealer I have this in the shade
coulis M the back of a clean brush I'm
just going to take a small amount of
that concealer pop that on the back of
my hand just to warm it up dab on a
small amount of that concealer where I
need extra coverage and then taking my
small fluffy brush I'm just going to
very lightly tap and flick off to blend
it out for my eyeshadow today I've got a
few brand new products and first of all
I have the PS cotton candy collection it
is an eyes lips and face collection
inside we have o to highlight this be
different shades of eyeshadow a lip
cream and I also have the eye candy
I hate mint I'm excited to try this but
it actually has a lid that 3des clever
I'm going to take that onto the back of
my hand
woah chewy I have no idea that machinery
that has literally made my entire day
holy
guys do you see that I am going to start
by taking this really pretty kind of
like baby pink cotton candy Shea later
all over my eyes
I'm going to move on to the darkest
eyeshadow shade just going to apply that
into the crease add a little bit of
definition I'm going to do the same on
the other side you can make the Weber to
3/4 luxe smokey shader brush shake that
cotton candy shade followed by the
darkest shade along my lower lash line
I'm totally aware that my eyeshadow
looks a little bit like two black eyes
and adds some glitz and glam using the
eye candy eye pigment this is the shade
raspberry bonbon to reply that pigment
I'm using the Smith to 5/3 brush tap
that onto the eye it's to really add a
touch of drama to my lid and using the
PS eyeliner and this is a 2 pack of
eyeliners for 1 pound
super affordable we lost one already I'm
going to take that eyeliner and once
again I'm going to use my hand as a
mixing palette back to that smokey
shader brush it the end bristles of that
brush into the liner and very gently
stop smoking out around the lash line
this way we kind of set that really
stunning almost like an end-of-day
smokey eye and this really sultry the
mascara today I have the PS workout
flush proof waterproof mascara this one
is only 2 pounds and for my lashes today
I'm using the PS individual lashes you
get 56 individual lashes for just one
pound usually I do not have the patience
for individual lashes I have a shoots
recently with an amazing makeup artist
called Francesca Neill and she is the
most stunning individual lashes on my
eyes I was just like now I'm going to
have to start using them I'm going to
try and be patient and give these a
little go today I'm not going to lie if
I get fed up or I screw it up
I might just rip them all
positive sides of single lashes mine
lashes are looking so freakin sultry and
fluffy and floaty right now negative
sides I nearly used up the entire pack a
lot of authority of these currently sat
on my floor I'm going to go back to that
PS liner and I'm just going to line my
upper waterline I'm just going to run
some mascara on my lower lashes for my
brows today I have the Pierce brow
pencil and this is in the shade medium
and to set my brows I'm using the brow
fixing gel and this is in the shade
clear now that my eye makeup is pretty
much nailed I'm going back to the under
eye area I have the PS my perfect color
liquid concealer I have this in the
shade porcelain and the shade nude
babies are only two pounds each the
packaging looks so similar to the NARS
radiant creamy concealer I'm going to
start with the shade nude beige is going
to be brave and take that straight into
the under eye area I'm going to start
blending that out and I'm using the
morphe e22 brush and to highlight the
under eye area I'm using the shade
porcelain I'm literally so impressed
with this foundation and concealer range
right now I really like how the
foundation looks and I am loving these
kind of creamy concealer I'm going to
take that onto my chin and also just a
smidge onto my forehead just to really
highlight and lighten up the center of
my face and to set my base I have for my
perfect color mineral powder this is a
medium coverage loose powder I have
missed in the shade either eat it oh my
god this does not want to come out I'm
going to set that under-eye area using
my NYX 26 brush and love this brush
after everything I've tried so fast in
my perfect color mineral powder it's
probably my least favorite it's kind of
come out a little bit patchy and gone a
little bit cakey in places as well we
would definitely definitely on a roll up
until the powder and I kind of feel like
the powders maybe let it down slide
loose add some definition to my skin I'm
using the ps2 ultimate face sculpting
palette and Miss Palos we've got some
contour shades
there's a couple of highlights some
eyeshadows and it's generally quite a
good palette to sixth and granted many
of the shades are very similar I'm going
to mix these two shades here and just
add some definition for my cheeks
we've got a little bit Pat through there
literally doing so well up until the
powder for my blush today I have the PS
blush and this is the high pigment
Russia in the shade desire and just
sweep that over my cheeks the highlight
today I'm going back to the PS
cotton-candy palette and I am gonna take
missed this one oh that's very pink
let's just go for it
oh that's come out so nice no
highlighting I like damn I actually want
to take that into the tear ducts as well
that is definitely what we needed
how cute is that guys and finally to
finish up the whole look I'm using the
PS XXL plump and you see the packaging
you would definitely not think that only
costs two pounds fifty just going to
take that onto the back of my hand and
but it's got any nice kind of mosey so
and finally I'm picking the shade oh
snap
the really gorgeous soft pastel pink
shade and then using my finger I'm just
going to zap that in substantial it okay
guys so this is the finished look at I
am so freakin impressed if somebody did
my makeup like this I couldn't see where
any of the product work I would never
ever think that they were all from
primer the eyeshadows were pigmented the
foundation had great coverage the under
eye concealer I am like blown away by
even the one-pound single eyelashes
we're about to apply they look freaking
amazing as well my favorite products
that I tried today with the PS my
perfect color foundation I also really
really liked the my perfect color
concealer eye shadows did kick up quite
a lot of pigment and as you know from my
subculture palette I'm not really a fan
of that kind of thing I'm also really
impressed with the packaging on the
glosses these are very very similar to
the packaging on the jeffree star liquid
lipsticks I wouldn't be surprised if
it's the exact same factory packaging to
be honest and there we go guys that is
my fort on my soul face of a Primark
makeup that I've done for you today I am
so freakin impressed and if you are near
a Primark definitely try this foundation
out definitely not sponsored I'm just
freakin amazed by how good these
products are let me know what you guys
think in the comments section below with
any products that you think I need to
have that in my life or was there
anything that you were like not for me
thank you so much for watching and if
you enjoyed this video make sure that
you hit that subscribe button and some
weird and wonderful product reviews you
can click here and for more makeup
tutorials here thanks for watching guys
I'll see you soon bye
