hi guys and welcome back today I'm going
to be testing out another new foundation
the Estee Lauder Double Wear news was a
fresh makeup point of new refined
lightweight version of the sames double
wear a little press release here let's
have a little bit of a read and figure
out what exactly it is that we have
today ultra fluid makeup that feels like
you have nothing on for the ultimate no
makeup makeup look non streaking non
cake in and color true would like to
medium buildable coverage to ensure a
fresh natural and even client complexion
all day I'm just going to whip my hair
off my face and then let's get started
we apply my foundation today I'm using
the it cosmetics heavenly luxe brush
even though it's a double-ended brush
and I really don't like double-ended
brushes this one is so good that I can
see past it and that fact I'm just going
to take some of that foundation onto the
back of my hand oh that's quite liquid
why don't they give you a pump I'm just
gonna go for it
that looks so freakin beautiful
it's actually so easy to work with and
it's applying incredibly quickly
that coverage and town natural that
foundation look is insane it does look
quite wet and will definitely need a
heavy dose of powder otherwise I think
that looks amazing
and still see areas of redness we have
got a little bit of a crack by here but
so far I really really like how that
looks on my skin I'm going to move on
and finish up the rest of my face
supplies so easily
I remember you didn't double wear as a
teenager being super sick and not being
able to do anything with it but this
version of it is insane I wasn't 100%
sure about the shade at first but I feel
like it blended out beautifully though I
feel quite good about that I'm going to
move on to concealing my under eye area
use a small amount of this heart-shaped
type concealer and I'm just going to
blend that out
to set my base today I'm using the RCM a
no color powder with my zoeva luxe based
focus brush I'm just going to finish up
with some brows eyes shadow and light
makeup and I'll be right back and this
is the finished look I supplied the
Estee Lauder Double Wear news water
fresh makeup all over my face we've got
a bit of a light concealer powder and
eyeshadow blush highlight Brown lips at
the time is 9 a.m. and I'm going to
leave this on my skin for as long as
possible I'm really hoping this isn't
going to oxidize throughout the day
because I have a long long day ahead of
me great for my face and I'll see you
guys in a few hours
hey guys it's now around 6 p.m. which
means that my makeup has been on my face
for over nine hours I've been out of the
house all day it's been manic I haven't
really had a chance to stop haven't had
a chance to look in the mirror even a
little bit horrified a little bit
slightly please let's sit down and have
a look in depth at how my makeup is now
looking after 9 hours we're skin
actually doesn't look that bad you can
definitely see some pigmentation showing
through on the top of my forehead also
by the side of my mouth and also on the
side of my pure here we didn't actually
use any concealer on my blemishes today
we just applied the small amount of
shape tape in the under eye area
I can definitely see signs of creasing
in the under eye area out the worst
crease in I've ever had but it is
definitely visible we are also seeing a
little bit of foundation texture on the
chin here some slight taking us
happening on the forehead for looking
shiny with texture in this area of my
cheek one of the main tools that my
foundation isn't actually the pressure
so is the fact that i'm shiny in areas
where i wouldn't ordinarily want to be
going to use one of my capture boston
papers and let's find out exactly how
much oil i had come
through that foundation I'm gonna go
straight onto my forehead easy that's a
lot from window wow oh my gosh I was not
wrong there is definitely a lot of oil
on my nose even the side of my nose
giving us quite a lot of pick up on that
paper I'm still a little bit shiny in
certain areas so let's go back for round
two oh my god that is so much of my
teeth Wow
I knew is that my skin was looking a
little bit shiny but I did not expect
the polar to entire blotting papers even
though the bad points and literally
glaring at me and there's no denying
that it hasn't really done much in terms
of oil I do still really like this
foundation because it looks so good and
so natural on the skin
not the greatest face of makeup ever I'm
not ready to give up on it just yet
I'm going to leave it a couple more
hours and I'll check back in with you
guys in a bit
hey guys it's Mel 1:30 a.m. and my
makeup is now being on my skin for 16
hours at least there's something left of
it we've got that going for us I guess
one of more than can be said for my hair
you can definitely definitely see a lot
of redness coming through that
foundation pigmentation redness and
scarring is now showing through that
foundation there's not really a whole
lot left of it we have a lot of creasing
happening in the under eye area Hartley
due to the fact that I can barely so and
partly due to the fact that it's capes
and crease brows seem to be still going
strong yet cosmetics and Maybelline brow
combo I know that's not what this video
is about all that still when we're
foundation was caking in my forehead
that and now pretty much worn or
definite crease in happening in my smile
lines and basic patchiness terms of 24
hour we're not sure on by and that yes
it depends on what they tempt is being
left on your skin after 24 hours we're
two-thirds of the way there and we're
just about hanging on by a thread if
you're looking for a foundation to get
you through a 16 hour stretch at work on
the Estee Lauder Double Wear new
foundation probably not the one's for
you if you are looking for something to
get you through that sweet spot of six
to eight hours during the working day on
a night out even on a weekend adventure
they'll order double wear nude
foundation could potentially be the ones
be eight I'm excited to use this again
tomorrow I don't want to jinx myself
because I kind of set that about the
DOOL foundation we kind of know what
happened there my face went tragically
wrong if you have normal dry or
combination but I would say give it a go
because I thought it looked beautiful on
the skin now this video is not sponsored
in any way shape or form
estee lauder have absolutely no idea
that I'm even making this videos are my
first thoughts on the double wear nude
foundation let me know what you guys
think in the comment section down below
have you tried this foundation would you
try it would you buy it let me know what
you think thank you so much for watching
and if you'd like to see more foundation
reviews and if you click here or here
thanks for watching guys don't forget to
subscribe and we'll see you guys soon
bye
