hi guys and welcome back in today's
video we are continuing on our
foundation testing series and for
episode number 11 we have another brand
new product I personally have never used
before the today's product of choice is
the auto rotation makeup brush I
purchased this brush from Amazon for the
grand prize of 17 pounds which I do
believe is around 20 US dollars Philippe
it is called the I'm 8 brush made in
China very small automatic foundation
professional brush that's kind of all I
really have to go on so far on the side
it says button the electric makeup brush
I mean that means if you press the
button it turns on not really sure on
the back of the box we do have a little
bit of a detailed product description
the extreme soft brush the makeup
morphic 360 degree uniform rotation
basically I think it means the heads
gonna spin the full color LED indicator
more beautiful I'm kind of at a loss to
what that means finally it says it has a
chamber where you place two triple A
batteries I have no idea if this comes
of batteries if it doesn't and that kind
of sucks so not because I think I have
some in a drawer somewhere I really hope
so if we know what we're going to get
now let's open the box and check out the
package okay oh so this is the brush is
that dust or powder actually I makes me
feel a little bit weirded out all around
here it's really fairly dusty I'm going
to take some alcohol and just try and
clean I don't know what that is don't
know where that's come from trying
confirmed that it is now clean and I am
no longer frightened to put it on my
face it also came with a very very small
user manual as well the front is in a
mixture of English and Chinese and the
back is pretty much solely in Chinese
user manual
is essentially exactly the same as
what's on the back of the box says thing
to do is just turn it on and let's give
it a shot wait write a batch for each
other
what is the LEDs this is ridiculous
the most annoying noise for a brush that
I have ever hear ever it's definitely
going a lot slower than I was expecting
it to definitely don't feel like it
needs to sound like that and there is
silence that is so much badass number
one it's slightly wonky number two it
has completely pointless LEDs why do you
need it to have full color LEDs and
number three it is quite possibly the
most irritating noise I have ever heard
um yeah I think I'm going to pin my hair
back and let's give this little thing
ago what's the worst that can happen
right for foundation today I'm using the
make up for ever ultra HD foundation I'm
just going to start a small amount of
that foundation onto the one side of my
skin so that I'm going to take my eye
mate a foundation brush kids that I go
blending out the foundation it's not
really doing very much so far it's kind
of just spread in that foundation around
it's not really blending it out at all
the longer that I've blended the more
natural it is looking think it's one of
those things that you do definitely have
to persevere using this part of my face
does actually look quite natural it
doesn't actually look like I'm wearing
any foundation and it does have that
kind of second skin look I am actually
quite speechless and impressed it is it
very well blended but it did take me
quite a long time to blend it out I'm
going to go ahead and again test it out
on the other side of my face just going
to apply two pumps of foundation onto
the side of my face and take a look at
how it looks so I'm just very gently
taking my time and using that brush to
buff it up
as if the two pumps the foundation I
would say that there is still around a
pump of foundation left on my hand this
is now how my face looks after applying
my makeup forever Ultra HD foundation
using the I make rotation foundation
brush this foundation is definitely
incredible and it does always look
natural on the skin however I do have to
give the I'm eight rotating foundation
brush a little bit of kudos today
definitely doesn't feel like it's sat on
top of my skin anymore it feels like
it's been bust into my skin it
definitely has that natural Sheen and
considering how stupid it sounds and how
pointless those LED lights off it's not
a really good job it looks so natural
one thing that I do think is worth
mentioning about the rotating brush is
that if you are somebody or you know
somebody that has limited use of their
hands maybe they have Parkinson's or
maybe they just don't have that much
grip and struggle to apply their
foundation by themselves this could be a
tool to look into could potentially
change their life if they want to be
independent but don't have the grip or
grasp to do it themselves I'm like so
freaking shook I just didn't expect it
to work that well so let me know what
you guys think in the comment section
down below did you like it did you hate
it what do you think let me know thank
you so much for watching and if you'd
like to see me testing out more products
you can check out my weird and wonderful
playlist hair and some more foundation
review click here thank you so much for
watching don't forget to subscribe and
click the bell to turn on notifications
and I'll see you guys soon right
