hey guys and welcome back in today's
video I'm continuing on our foundation
test in series 4 episode number 10 I
have a foundation I have heard so much
about it's meant to be one of the most
natural foundations that suits all skin
types all skin tones and I am so freakin
excited foundation that we're testing
today is the RCM a foundation palette
and inside I haven't opened it yet I'm
excited you get 18 different shades of
foundation and this palette cost me the
grand prize and 60 pounds from Beauty
Bay one of the reasons I was so excited
to try these foundations is they
actually contains 50% pigment so if
coverage is something that your roster
these may be the ones to try awesome a
foundation concealer palette is a
staples the professional makeup artists
across the world due to our high
pigmentation you can use our CMA as a
foundation or concealer apply our CMA
lightly to the skin for a flawless
finish
perfect for HD or everyday use this is
the VK 11 palette I'm pretty sure there
are darker palettes as well so if you do
have a deeper skin tone I will lift a
link in the description box below to
check out the different palettes that
you have available you get naught point
naught 8 ounces per shade in this
palette that's suitable for 10 to 15
applications per shade and other
products which you can buy alongside the
RCM a foundation palette it's the RCM a
makeup color process foundation thinner
this is the one ounce bottle a
foundation thinner that you can use
alongside your foundation palettes to
get it to the consistency that you
require I paid 10 pounds 50 for the
foundation thinner which is around 12
dollars in the US I am super super
excited to try that with that in mind
let's get started I'm just going to pop
my hair band on and let's give it a shot
after all of the foundations I'm
actually going to start with this one
here what I'm going to do is just take
my palette knife and just very carefully
take off a small amount of that
foundation like so just going to place
that onto the back of my
hand and I'm very gently just going to
move it about using that pallet knife
to warm it up definitely more of a cream
foundation consistency now the color
that I chose is slightly too dark for my
skin to even it out I'm going to take
this shade here called porcelain and
once again I'm just going to pop that
onto the back of my hand and you can
definitely see that this one is too pink
and this one is a little bit too yellow
so by mixing them both together we
definitely achieved that neutral skin
tone on my skin I'm going to start on
this side of my skin and let's see how
it can cover the pigmentation and
redness I'm applying it today using my
zoeva 2:33 cream shader brush and I'm
going to go in and apply it over those
problem areas I think we're onto a
winner look at that coverage that is
insane I literally have the tiniest
amount on my brush can we just take a
moment that coverage makes me so happy
oh I feel like this is quite possibly
the best first impression of the
foundation I have ever had
and I very gently just going to start
feathering that foundation over the rest
of my skin there is literally hardly any
product on my brush when I'm doing this
I'm going to move on it to my zoeva
face kiss brush and I'm just going to
very gently just blend downwards to make
sure that all even if you have acne or
pigmentation or scarring then you know
how it feels when you find a product
that actually works
I used a quantity of foundation smaller
than my fingernail to do this I still
have so much of that product on the back
of my hand it literally looked Lawlor
I'm going to take the RCM a foundation
Phillips it's it's a CMA I'm going to be
RCM a foundation thinner and using
what's left on the back of my hand I'm
just going to thin it out slightly and
get it some more than liquid consistency
and apply it to this side of my face
basically just a bottle of castor oil so
it's oil foundations aren't for you then
you may not enjoy this one just drop a
very small amount I'm just going to mix
the end oh wow and that straightaway is
definitely more of a liquid consistency
let's take one more drop it's very
liquid very easy to move about and I'm
going to go ahead and apply it on this
side see straight away you can see how
liquid that air is going to take that
foundation brush and just very gently
swipe to blend can literally see how
little product I'm applying it hasn't
given us as much of a flawless finish as
applying it neat has we can then go back
in with the foundation palette and use
it as a concealer over those problem
areas we still get that beautiful
natural skin texture through the
foundation and we also get the added
bonus of the high pigmentation and using
it as a concealer using the same as a
weber cream shader eyeshadow brush I'm
just going to concentrate on those
pigmented and problem areas
with my foundation done I'm going to
move on to concealer for the under eye
area I'm taking the NARS radiant creamy
concealer and I'm just going to use a
very very small amount in the under eye
area and to set my base I'm using the
Ben Nye neutral set colorless powder and
using my zoeva 1:1 for lux a face
focused brush I'm gonna gently set that
I'm going to move on to a large fluffy
brush and I'm going to very gently set
the rest of my face with my base set I'm
just going to add some light natural
makeup to get me through the day then
we're good to go
we've got a really nice natural soft
romantic makeup look today a little bit
chair up inspired a little bit I can't
really be bothered to do my makeup so
this is the bare minimum I think I'm
going to leave this on my skin for as
long as possible maybe go out run some
errands go do some grocery shopping I'm
not really sure just yet I probably
slept face it I probably won't actually
leave the house really how it looks
right now I am so freaking happy it
looks so natural and you can see skin
texture the time is now 4 p.m. I'm gonna
leave this on my skin for as long as
possible and I will check back in with
you all in few hours the time is now 834
p.m. and this makeup has now been on my
skin for four and a half hours I don't
even know where to begin right now I
have tried many different foundations
but I have never been off the bat as
impressed with a foundation as I am with
this one considering I applied this
foundation four and a half hours ago it
looks better than some foundations when
they first applied times of taking in
the under eye area which leads me to
believe that it could potentially be
down to the concealers main area of my
forehead here we have got a little bit
of where I'm pretty impressed with how
the foundation looks this bit is
disappointing and a little bit of a
letdown but otherwise I don't really
have any issues probably also with me
mentioning that occasionally I do
complain about my smile lines and
foundation falling in those cracks we
haven't
fallen victim to that heavy cracking
that definitely shows us that less is
more sometimes when it comes to
Foundation and fine lines and wrinkles
not the foundation check in without a
blot test I'm going to take one of my
catch-up blotting papers and blot away
let's see what we get this time oh that
is really not very much and this is what
we managed to pull off my skin after
four and a half hours we haven't fully
it fills in an entire blotting sheet but
we are nearly there I'm going to give it
a couple more hours and let's check back
in here guys so it's 1:30 a.m. and the
makeup is now been on my face for nine
and a half hours and let's have a look
at where we are at so we can definitely
see our pigmentation has come through on
our forehead we can also see that below
my lips a little bit on the side of my
jaw and a little bit again above my
eyebrows here we are still seeing a
little bit of cakiness in that under-eye
area
it is not perfect don't get me wrong
considering this is nearly ten hours
where I am very impressed and going to
finish up with one final blot test using
my touch of blotting papers let's see
how much we can reveal in our initial
blotting test we managed to pull off
nearly an entire sheet worth of oil we
managed to pull off around half a sheet
of oil from my skin I didn't actually
apply a primer under my foundation today
with that in mind for the longevity that
it has given us I think is amazing for
the average person just using this on
themselves you will not use every single
shade I've linked below some other
options with less shades that could be
more beneficial to you I don't know else
to say really except I'm super impressed
pigmentation means it's probably the
best acne coverage foundation I've ever
tried if you are looking to become a
makeup artist or to get into pro makeup
then this could be a lifesaver in your
kit let me know what you guys think as
always I would love to hear your
thoughts if you'd like to check out my
full foundation casting series you can
click here and for we've some wonderful
reviews click here thank you so much for
watching don't forget to subscribe and
I'll see you guys soon bye
