when was the last time you took time out
for yourself when you let go of all of
your responsibilities and put yourself
first for once
recently I headed to Iceland to learn
how to recharge to learn how to let go
and to learn how to live in the moment
today I'm sharing my Icelandic adventure
the first step to any adventure is
preparation using the alayhim mixin poor
balance facial sauna scrub I'm first
going to exfoliate my skin the facial
scrub contains Icelandic volcanic sand
guy colic and lactic acids to help lift
and loosen dead skin cells unclog and
minimize the appearance of pores next
I'm moving on to the vitamin C truth
serum which is one of my favorite
skincare serums and some moisturizer I'm
using the shear transformation
perfecting moisturizer with my skin
taking care of it's time to move on to
makeup and get ready for my adventure
whenever I'm having any kind of down day
one thing that always helps to lift my
mood is to go back to those old products
those products which you know make you
feel good when you use them or products
which may help boost your confidence
when you may need it the most
it doesn't matter if it's not the newest
products on the market and it doesn't
matter if nobody else is talking about
it if it makes you feel good when you
use it or even going out without any
makeup on or without brushing your hair
makes you feel good then that is okay
too
the important thing is knowing that you
feel good you feel happy you feel
confident with yourself and if makeup or
no makeup can help you achieve it then
you need to do what is right for you
it's so important to recognize the good
times in life not only when you
celebrate other people but also when you
take time
to celebrate yourself when you're having
a good day when you're feeling confident
even when you like what you see in the
mirror or I spending the day with your
friends having fun recently I actually
learned that there's a Danish word which
describes this sugar
I'm probably saying that all wrong so I
thought the best person to explain hygge
it's my favorite Danish person
Ola hammock Sam what happens when you
are in the moment of sugar you let go of
everything else and you're sort of
recharging and feeling good about life
and yourself
it's very celebratory the time when you
give back to yourself pamper yourself
especially if you're a little frustrated
videos skin you forget yourself in the
equation if you get to celebrate
yourself and love yourself we all have
issues my life is not perfect yours
isn't that doesn't take away from that
you can feel good about wherever you're
at and enjoy the moment I think when you
share you learn from each other and you
take so much with it sugar is giving
back to me centering yourself after a
busy day and then it may also be shoot
it on a broader level when you do it
with your friends oh wow a glass of wine
candlelight fireplace going and you just
sitting there chatting and having a good
time laughing having fun that acts as a
form of use it sometimes in life you
have to go through the bad days to
really truly appreciate the good days
one important thing to remember is that
life isn't about being perfect but about
being real being true to yourself and
giving back so remember to be kind to
yourself to give back to yourself to
take time to recharge to have fun there
is so much more to true beauty than what
is inside of your makeup bag or how good
your wings liner is true beauty is not
only all around us
but inside of this too
