hi guys and welcome back in today's
video I wanted to do another foundation
testing video and also a bit of a one
brand focus now today I've got a big old
bag here I say bigot clearly this is not
a big bag I do own a couple of powder
color products from this brand but I've
never really tried much out the
foundations that I have to test that
today is the Milani conceal and
Perfector foundation this is a 2 in 1
foundation and concealer and I have this
in the shade zero zero light natural all
it's really sad on it is it's a medium
sole coverage lightweight oil-free
formula long wearing water resistant and
sweat proof it doesn't have a box it
doesn't really have much as thought I
don't have the instructions in this haul
writing oh my god okay directions at
foundation apply a dime what design I
know I've been to America a lot but
still I don't know what the coins are
apply a dime sized amount of products
with fingertip or a brush beginning at
the center of the face blending outward
as concealer used a small amount of
product and apply where additional
coverage is needed in a cutting motion
until blended
alright that's pretty straightforward on
half of my face I'm going to apply the
Smashbox photo finish primer I'm going
to go for that on the quite a bit on my
beer sighs so I'm going to prime this
side of my face yes let's do that
and let's oh oh it's pom I thought it
was like a spatula no compaction because
the instructions actually face will fly
with a brush I think I'm going to follow
instructions I have the pixie
full-coverage foundation brush and I'm
going to give this one a shot
try the prime side of my face first I go
right back to spot concealer all over my
face I'm going to keep going it smells a
little bit like shampoo and I don't know
why but it has a little bit of a shampoo
kind of smell to it I've just of like
the Milani can seal and perfect
foundation onto the one side of my skin
and you can definitely see a real
visible difference the only negative I
can think about this foundation so far
is that it does feel quite dry I quite
like foundation so more wet and kind of
easier to move around on the skin for as
this one I feel like you really have to
work it and buff it to get it proves
that could be down to the fact that I'm
using quite a closed forest or frost or
it could be down to the foundation
formula I'm going to move on to the
other side of my face and let's see how
we get on on the skin without any primer
so straight away I can feel that dragon
so I'm going to swap through upward
motion that's definitely a lot harder to
apply
I did actually find it a little bit
difficult to apply the foundation on
both sides of my skin even though it was
still difficult to apply on the throne
side I felt like it was still moving a
little bit more easily than on the side
without any primer and tool in terms of
how that foundation looks at the moment
it's done a really good job of covering
up a lot of the redness
it looks like foundation that's covered
quite well but it doesn't look quite
foundation on my skin doesn't redness on
the skin that's still showing I'm going
to tap a small amount of the two-in-one
foundation and think that's going to
work using the de Weaver 2 to 8 luxe
crease brush I'm just going to tap that
foundation onto the problem areas I'm
just going to try that with my finger as
well I don't know if it's just me but I
can't see any difference as a concealer
I think it's rubbish but as a foundation
I think it's done quite a good job I'm
going to move on to the next product and
this is the Milani retouch and erase
like lifting concealer that conceals
dark circles common spots and blemishes
and imperfections minimizing the look of
dark shadows and wrinkles blends easily
won't crease or settle into fine lines
gently squeeze and apply concealer under
eye area hide the dark circles cover
blemishes spots and imperfections
gently squeeze concealer we have learned
from this mistakes do not squeeze too
hard blends with cushion tip applicator
so let's give it a go so still quite dry
I'm not sure how you're going to blend
out the cushion tips could be on it
because it feels so dry it's quite
difficult to move about I'm going to
move into a baby Beauty Blender and
straight away that is so much easier I
just applied that concealer onto the one
side of my skin and I feel like you can
see a slight difference between the two
sides definitely just look slightly
lighter it does look slightly brighter
but to me it also goes looks quite grey
you apply that concealer on to the other
side of my skin I'm also going to take
that concealer onto my chin and the
center of my forehead to set my
concealer I'm using the pixie color
correcting powder foundation because I
feel like a YouTube and like every time
I'm just going to set that on the right
area now that my base is done I'm going
to move on to the rest of my face I
don't actually have a Milani brow pencil
so I'm actually going to use the benefit
to proof brow pencil I've really gotten
to benefit brow product this is what I'm
loving at the moment and I'm just going
to fill in my brows using that pencil
I'm going back to the base and I'm just
going to put on some blush and today I
have some Milani baked blush and this is
in the shade Bella Bellini this is a
multi-purpose blush that shapes contours
and highlights apparently I'm just going
to go ahead oh that took a lot of fall
out of that product so much product came
off then I'm just going to take that
onto my cheek
that is literally left a whole heap of
gold across my skin I know the camera is
picking up her bright back I basically
look like a garden gnome why do I dance
I'm just gonna blend that out vigorously
that's a bit better
well I'm gonna pop a touch of that blush
across my lips to buy my mascara today I
have the Milani lush trifecta mascara
now I have already closed my lashes
using the tweezerman eyelash curlers and
these are so freakin amazing
you don't have this you need to try
these because these are incredible going
to get some mascara a shot and let's see
how we get on even though we don't
actually need it because this highlights
coming off that blush I'm going to give
the Milani moon glow strobe light powder
a shot another brand new products for me
if I can even open the package
oh oh that's really strong that's with
that and with fine lips today I have the
Milani keep it smooth luxe
lip treatment I generally have no idea
what this product is leaves lips
kissably soft by a small amount with
finger and gently massage lips doesn't
really feel any different to any other
lip balm or Vaseline or lip product I
mean I can definitely feel soft and they
definitely feel smooth I just um I'm not
really what and this is now where we're
at we've got a highlight we've got blush
eye shadow without mascara with our lips
done I feel like we've covered pretty
much every base makeup wise for not many
products I am worried about highlight
foundation is looking on my forehead and
in the under eye area
I feel like it's highlighted every
single pore on my skin kind of looks
like somebody's had a piece of dough and
it just pokes a load of pin for it hold
into it that's basically happening all
across the center of my forehead and
it's also happening in these patches
here along the tops of my cheeks so if
you do have oh no it's also happening on
my turn basically basically it's gone
cakey and every way as I'm going to
monitor that and I will see you guys in
a couple of hours five hey guys so it's
1:30 a.m. now and my makeup has been on
my face for around six and a half hours
I'm not really sure where to begin my
space really doesn't look like I love
drugstore price point and up drugstore
products and I freaking adore the
Maybelline foundation they haven't come
anywhere near the quality of the
longevity of a Maybelline foundation
we've got a thick cake packet can see
every single pole around my chin around
from the tops of my cheeks around my
nose is oily I don't want to just crap
all over products for the sake of it I
think everything that I've tried to do a
highlight that that's all really I can
suggest is the strobe light highlight
let me know your thoughts on this
foundation and the Milani range in the
comment section down below did you like
it if you hate it let me know I'm
disappointed I'm dusted I'm genuinely
gutted and disappointed that I didn't
like it thank you very much for watching
and we are so close to 1 million
subscribers so make sure you share this
video and give it a huge thumbs up and
see you guys soon bye
