hi guys and welcome back in today's
video I'm talking you through how to do
this easy spring drugstore makeup look
every single product that I have used to
create this look today is from the
drugstore everything is affordable
everything I hope fingers-crossed
is easy for you guys to get hold of if
you are new here please subscribe and
stick around I post videos every
Wednesday and Sunday I really hope you
enjoy this video and let's get started
it's going to get my hair off my face
because I don't want to get foundation
all over it I'm going to start by
climbing my skin first of all I'm going
to use some 17 skin Wow 3 Way
highlighter I really like how this looks
on the skin it's so affordable and
effortlessly easy to use I'm just going
to go ahead and apply that all over my
skin for my foundation today I'm using
the Maybelline fit me matte and poreless
foundation so I haven't actually used a
foundation before umm no idea what it's
going to look like I have put a really
illuminating primer underneath it just
in case it is super matte 6 like
covering really nicely however I am so
impressed with Maybelline foundations
recently they're just totally killing it
on the drugstore market right now that
just looks so natural so far
I could easily just run out the door
with that on without certain it or doing
anything to it I am only rest guy I have
another need products that I've never
used before and that is the Rimmel brow
this way brow powder I'm going to give
it a shot no idea is I'm going to like
it I may have to start again but let's
give it a go and find out now that my
brows are done and get a move on to my
eyeshadow and today I'm actually going
to be using some of the NYX Cosmetics
single eyeshadows I like to keep these
in a Mac palette because they are so
cheap this is a double sided mac
eyeshadow palette and I think it was
only eight pounds which is probably
about twelve dollars or so to start with
today I'm going to take this shadow here
which is called late I'm going to use
this first of all to just set and actor
the base on my eyes I'm going to move on
to the shade lol and I'm going to use
this in the crease as a transition color
going to very carefully round that along
the crease of my eye I'm going to move
on to the showed wild orchids which is a
beautiful deep pink food and I'm just
going to take that on that same brush
into the deepest part of my eye
next I'm going to take the shades golden
peach and this is a really beautiful
light shimmer shadow and I'm just going
to pop that on the center of my lips
softly blend up the edges and to really
finish off the center of that lid with
little in highlight I'm taking the shade
liquid gold from Nick my eyeliner today
I'm using the Maybelline master precise
liquid liner pen and this is one of my
favorite drugstore liners I find it
incredibly easy to use and especially
easy to get a really sharp flick on the
ends of your eyes you don't have to go
for eyeliner today but I feel like I've
worn winged liner in a while so I'm
going to go for it today
for mascara today I'm using the Loreal
false lash sculpt mascara and I'm to go
ahead and pop that onto my lashes for my
lashes today I'm using that idea and
flirty sources lashes and these are the
petit Fleur lashes there are 3/4 length
that's just really fluffy they go
perfectly well for like a daytime look
or an evening spring look as well I'm
going to move on to consuming the under
eye area and today I'm using the
Maybelline fit me concealer and I'm
taking this in the shade 15 and I'm just
going to blend that up using my Beauty
Blender
I'm also going to take that concealer
onto my chin and the center of my
forehead
to set my concealer today I'm using the
NYX Hydra touch powder foundation now I
haven't actually used this before it
reminds me of the pixie color correcting
powder foundation so I'm going to give
it a go and hope that I'm not going to
ruin my face
by trying something new let's give it a
shot and see how we get on
for my blush today I'm using the Milani
powder blush and this is in the shade
key Rose next I'm going to go back to
the eyes and just finish up the under
eye area take the shade LOL and using a
small pencil brush I'm just going to run
that along the inner and outer corner of
my lower lash line and finally I'm
taking two shows liquid gold in the
center of the lower lash line and finish
up to those eyes with a coat of mascara
to highlight my skin today I'm using the
l'oreal true match liquid highlight and
this is in the shade i see below i'm
just going to take that onto the back of
my hands and then very gently i'm just
going to press that using the finger on
to the highest point of my cheek
I'm also going to take that highlights
on summer Cupid sir
and to set that highlight and plug in
the Loreal through much I see glow and
this is the power that highlight I'm
just going to swirl my brush over those
shades and just apply it under the high
points of my cheeks I'm also going to
take that into the inner corners of my
eyes and for my lips today I'm using the
Rimmel the only one Matt salutes
lipstick and I'm just going to take this
straight out and fill it onto my lips
and to finish up the whole look I'm
using the soap & Glory sexy mother
pucker and lip gloss and this is the lip
plumping gloss in the shade nude star I
haven't tried this before so if I can
get into the rocks I'm just going to go
ahead and apply that and that's so
sparkly and it looks so pretty I'm going
to go for it and just apply that on to
the center of my lip and this is the
finished look
it is my easy drugstore spring makeup
tutorial thank you so much for watching
I hope you like this video I hope you
like some makeup look and let me know
what you guys think in the comments
section down below as always I would
love to hear your thoughts get good or
bad don't forget to hit that thumbs up
can we get this video to 5,000 thumbs up
let me know thank you very much for
watching don't forget to subscribe and
I'll see you guys soon bye
