hi guys and welcome back in today's
video I'm putting another skincare
product to the test and trying out
something that some people may say and
usual other people may say plain quick
but that's what I like to do so today I
have a brand new product and I don't
really know anything about it I say it's
brand new it might not actually be brand
new I'm testing out the rodeo snake mask
and I'm hoping that it's not actually
real snake because that would just be
weird I'm not sure how I feel about that
why is it called to make masks if
there's no snakes in there this days it
is an innovative heel off formula that
visibly improves the appearance of skin
and radiance and texture inspired by the
effect of the temple viper venom to
reduce the look of lines and wrinkles
French clay enriched with minerals
deeply cleanses and purifies pause to
remove excess oil tips and impurities I
think this may actually be the first
time that we've got a skin care product
where we can read you chuck it says
apply a fine even layer to clean dry
skin
avoiding the eye area and hairline leave
the 15 to 20 minutes or until completely
dry gently peel off mask from the outer
edges so I guess you'd go like from the
outside first
okay rinse off any residue with warm
water use once or twice a week for
radiant and younger looking skin
basically put it on leave it on pipes
for the best 20 minutes later
peel it off and hope your face doesn't
come with it I'm going to go in for the
box just in case is any nasty small
print in here there is not it's in a
matte black tube which is quite nice
actually feels nice in your hands
there we go the review of snake mask
retails for 68 British pounds which is
equivalent to roughly $85 I'm going to
get my hair off my face and then we are
going to put it off scrub it rips my
hair out and you get my hair off my face
and then we're going to give it a go
I'm opening it and we have a little foil
cap which I always like to see that
where you know it's good you know it's
fresh
I think I'm going to go on the back of
my hands first and then basically just
smush it over my face that's what we can
do really oh my god that literally does
not want to come out of that tube
oh my god I'm pushing it so hard oh no
oh my god is it's great out at the top
is always happen to me I'm going to put
it on my face better now than ever
okay oh oh that's miss my eye water
it's literally making my eyes water so
bad what what why is it doing that I
don't know how to describe this to you
guys other than like glue like someone
puts vinegar and glue near my face if it
be how is it really strong perfume you
can Aircraftman
oh no I literally made such this tube to
not get it on your eyebrow remember our
last one my little wing also I've
spotted on what we're done I regret this
so much okay okay sad a little blue
roses but it probably done 50 minutes
started all right do it
Factor wasn't handsome I'm yeah I'm
going to do that it's been five minutes
since the math to see on my face I'm
starting to feel a little bit tighter
above my upper lip I feel like I want to
say lots of vowels a E
I knew we've got about three minutes
left on this and it's definitely getting
a lot harder to move my mouth now I'm
finding that I have little movement
around here
I definitely feel like this is the
perfect time to practice for a new
career as a ventriloquist dude we're
going to do this trunk goes on recruit
hooks aren't your only friend useful it
looks like it still work still a bit
squishy on my nose I've put another five
minutes on the clock because my nose is
still a little bit squiffy I get so
hungry when I film videos that all I can
think about it's like five skies please
excuse me my tips and never been so
tight and you felt oh my god you know
when you blow a balloon up and it feels
really smooth and balloony that's kind
of what my cheeks feel like right now
not so good I'm not sure well maybe we
did no I got stopped drinking it
I'm literally older exquisite I think
except that love you guys can see this
but that feels so plum it makes me feel
good gently peel off mask from the outer
edges all right I'm going to start at
the bottom so let's give it a go oh but
there's a terrible mistake
um that's gonna so badly okay
I feel like Jim Carrey in the mask up
I'm going to try and do it all in one
oh my god holy cow
what do you think that was a good idea
Paul
I think we still have our skin oh that
was paying for weather it just rips off
the loaded baby here but I don't think
the camera is going to pick it up I'm
afraid I feel like I need a microscope
I'm going to just remove this excess off
my face with a warm cloth I will be like
that here's where we're at I've removed
all the excess product off my skin and
apart from my under eye area looking a
little bit pink around here we don't
currently have any bad side effects we
are getting some pink patches in the
under eye area it could potentially be
because of the way that I ripped that
thing off we can go what's just like a
dirty pair of pants or something and
kids feed because of the way that I
ripped it off quite quickly that could
be what's making it go pink final
thoughts on it today my skin does feel
pretty smooth has it removed or my
blackhead no we do still have quite a
few sebaceous filaments in my nose it
feels a little bit smooth especially on
this area so that could be because we've
just ripped all the baby hairs off my
face positives on it my face feels
pretty smooth it feels really nice to
touch negatives
I broke the packaging on the fish I
don't know if I put too much pressure on
it or if it's just a little bit crap do
I see any real difference aside from
feeling a bit plumper not really any
difference in my last lines not really
from long though does it feel less
texture
now one out of three not the best
is it worth 68 pounds or $85 right now I
would probably say no and that's just
because I can't see any difference on
the first you going to keep trying it
though I don't hate it
but I'm not convinced just yet but I
walk it try net look at me go look it's
my fault thank you so much for watching
and as always if you have any project
suggestions you'd like to see me try
weird and wonderful projects then leave
it in the comment section down below
thank you so much for watching don't
forget subscribe I'll see you guys soon
bye
