hi guys and welcome back at way you guys
know my skin and my face better than I
do sometimes because if I changed
something you know like I don't even
have to mention that I've changed
something in my skincare I just look at
my colleagues and everything is like
what has he changed what has he done
your skin looks amazing you change
something what is there tell me there is
comment to make me smile so much because
I'm like yes it's obviously working I
like to think that I have a pretty
strict skin care testing regime I will
never talk about a product if I have not
tested it for at least 2 to 3 months and
I guess this is a little bit of an
updated skincare routine videos but also
more of a skin kid I've been loving
recently wears me also saying that there
are a couple of other skincare products
and I have been loving recently one I'm
obsessed with but I'm not actually
allowed to talk to you guys about that
just yet because they're not released in
this country just yet and I really don't
want to get sued if you can hang on a
couple of months I will let you know
about those products but in the meantime
these are all of the products that I
have been loving recently so let's get
started so you've watched my previous
skincare routine videos then you will
know I am a huge fan of double cleansing
I like to think of double cleansing as
the first ones that remove your makeup
and the cleanser cleanses your
skin one of my favorite cleansers of all
time is the pixi nourishing cleansing
balm this one literally will get rid of
every single bit of makeup from your
face glitter liquid eyeliner I adore
this cleansing balm and has been for
quite a while now so I'm sure you can
imagine how excited I was when I found
out that a friend of mine Caroline hi
runs I'll leave her blog links down
below released her very own cleanser
with pixie the pixie and Caroline Harris
double cleanse and this is very similar
to the nourishing cleansing balm so it
has a difference in the fact that it is
a double plant there are two cleansers
in here it is white and my lights are
quite right you may not be able to see
it too clearly you get a solid cleansing
oil and this one is really great for
again removing makeup removing eyeliner
and the scar
anything like that also then get a
liquid lotion a cleanser which is really
good for cleansing your skin afterwards
you are avoiding oil then this one is
probably not the one for you though I do
have acne I don't necessarily shy away
from using oil lines at certain oils
actually benefit my skin if you do like
wearing glitter eye shadow or super
waterproof eye makeup then you may
struggle with this one a little bit and
if that's the case then you probably
would get on better with nourishing
cleansing oil versus the double cleanse
the next item on my list is another
cleansing balm and it is also one but I
very nearly got the bottom of and that
is the rmk moist cleansing balm I don't
even know where this came from I think
I'm I've been giving it a ton advance or
it just arrived in the post but what I
do know is that it's that in my drawer
for months before I even looked and
contemplated using it are okay moist
cleansing balm I wasn't too sure on at
this because it is quite heavily scented
and the smell of rose can really get
right up your nose if it's not a sense
that you're usually used to using or
it's something that you genuinely like
it's definitely quite a strong scent
almost gets a little bit stronger in
scent whilst using it one of the things
that I like about this cleanser and one
that I really do wish more cleansing
balm had and gone on board with is this
one that comes with a very small spatula
it works really well so this is the
scoop that it comes with
grab your pot do perhaps a little bit
and then they go that's the amount that
you would use on your skin massager in
lift and remove all your makeup if I had
to think of and notices sometimes I feel
like I've cleansed enough and that my
skin's looking clean and it's done I've
removed all the crumbs that I'll touch
my lashes and not feel a little bit
sticky
this one does leave a little bit more
residue on the lashes so do bear that in
mind in terms of moisturizers there are
three that I've been trying recently and
to me that I've definitely been loving
this winter my skin has got super dry I
needed to combat that with more
hydrating skincare and
go on moisture overload one moisturizer
that I've been loving recently is the
Hydra you run moisture
jelly one of the key ingredients in the
moisture jelly is the high roller on it
casted and this is really useful for
helping keep your skin plump looking
youthful looking dewy and definitely
moisturize and it comes in this really
cute
push up canister be literally just
squeeze the top enough moisturizer for
your skin pops out of the top which
helps keep it clean and sanitary inside
the jar so easy to apply it's not really
scented but it definitely feels cool in
it feels common and it does feel like
you just put a big hit of moisture onto
your skin so the next moisturizer on my
list is the arborio bamboo creme brass
frost day but I don't know whatever that
word is that's what it you know when you
wash your skin in the morning and you
have like that cooling water feeling and
everything just feels so fresh and you
feel clean and you feel hydrated so I
feel like I get that from this
moisturizer it's like you've literally
just put some ice water or something on
your face and I love how it feels
I'll put the hi to lure on moisture
jelly on first and then when that one is
something I will then go for the bamboo
cream thrust thrust wave that's that's
that words I don't know how to say on to
my face and leave that to thinking I
want that extra extra pump of moisture
into my skins and this next product is
my secret Western and this is the pixi
by petra hydrating milky myth hyaluronic
acid and black oh this is a product that
I literally get through so many parcels
okay and I have absolutely fallen in
love with it this year it takes a lot
for me to say that the miracle mix mix
on moisturizer provides a surge of
hydration with hardly Roenick acid the
plump skin by trapping moisture it's so
easy to use you literally just spray and
spritz it and that then it goes over
your face and it will start to sink into
I will always use the moisture great and
then follow it up with a primer and
then my foundation the next products on
my list is one that I bought in America
at last summer this is the Neutrogena
Beach defense water and sun protection
sunscreen spray this product has an SPF
of 70 in his water resistant for 18
minutes went to LA VidCon and it was so
freaking hot I think it was like 45
degrees C and I was baking like
absolutely doing in that heat so this
saved my skin so much I didn't burn at
all the only downside I have with this
product is it is not sold in the UK I
did ask me to do now about this product
and if it was going to be sold in the UK
they don't think it will be which makes
me so sad because it is such an amazing
product probably the best SPF I tried
last year another project that I've been
loving recently is the Elizabeth Arden
lips protectant eight hours thick this
is the lip version as the famous
Elizabeth Arden 8 hour cream it helps
keep my lips feeling moisturize it has
an added bonus of an SPF which is great
for summer or if you are skiing during
the winter to help keep chapped lips at
bay
I'm nearly right down to the very bottom
I've nearly gone through the whole tune
I find that I reach to the a power lip
protection stick before applying my
foundation and doing my makeup every day
and by the time it comes to apply my
lipstick my lips feel great they feel
moisturized as they're ready for
lipstick you love two items on my list
are ones which are regular favorites and
Isis that you probably will recognize
from my previous skincare videos the
first is the Antipodes aura
face Marcus is probably my favorite face
mask of all time if I ever feel like my
skin is feeling sensitive or it's
reacting badly or I've got a really
important day I use this overnight my
skin has magically improved by the next
day this will not solve every issue that
you may have on your skin but it
definitely does leave my skin feeling
amazing and looking fresh to the next
day to the aura face mask contains
manuka honey which has antibacterial
properties to it to leave it on for 50
minutes or two applied to blemishes as
they may arise but personally I like to
use this sometimes over night is a night
smart I will put quite a thick layer of
this face mask over my face leave it
overnight and I know that in the morning
my skin is going to look and feel very
much better the other projects that I
also like to layer that up with is the
pixie knowledge in cleansing mass I have
to dig this tube out the bin because I
have run out but it is another product
that I absolutely love to you I do have
a photo shoot or I'm filming in the day
but I will also like to use this as a
moisturizer under my skin I'm wearing it
today in that way and again I feel like
it does leave my skin feeling hydrated
feeling plump and ready for makeup
application but yeah these are the
products that I love I hope you've
enjoyed this video and let me know in
the comment section down below if you've
tried any of these products or which one
that you like the sound is the most
thank you so much for watching and as
always don't forget subscribe I'll see
you guys soon bye
