hi guys and welcome back in today's
video I'm talking you through how to do
this Megan Markel Dutchess of Sussex
inspired makeup look I was so freaking
obsessed with the royal wedding and I
loved Megan's makeup look and how
natural it was I wanted to recreate it
are we going to start with some skin
prep and I've already cleansed and
moisturized my skin and then I'm going
to be using the wire style instant
moisture glow to just prime my skin and
for my lips today I'm using the by terry
creme de rose and lip balm for my skin
today I wanted to go for a little bit of
a California glow so I've gone for the
Laura Mercier candle glow soft luminous
foundation in the shade linen and I'm
just gonna go ahead and apply that using
my Real Techniques brush and you can
definitely see the glowing difference
between each side of my skin
stickin with the laura mercier theme i'm
going to be using the fusion concealer
to just cover up any of those pesky
breakouts that may still be showing
through and then going for a lighter
shade this is a shade 1/n I think I'm
just going to highlight and just add
some lightness back to the center of my
face take your time don't rush and it's
always better to use less than more when
you're happy with how your base is
looking just set that with the small
amount of translucent powder
next up brows I'm using the benefit
precisely my brow pencil to add a bit of
a base color before moving on to the
make up forever brow liner to add a
touch more color and texture take your
time and blend them out and for my
eyeshadow I'm using the Chloe Morello
pixi by petra romantic radiance palettes
Megan's neutral eyeshadow looked so good
and to recreate that I'm starting off
with the brown tones as a base before
moving on to those slight shimmer shades
across the lid people going back to
those darker tones and smudging them
along the lash line applying our eye
shadow in this way gives us the same
depth that winged liner would without
looking too harsh this way we still get
the drama without any of the bluntness
and to finish up my eye shadow I'm
adding a touch of highlight into the
inner corner
from mascara today I'm using the
benefits Batgirl bang mascara and I
still freaking love this mascara and for
a touch of whimsical beauty and add in
the Emma Willis earlier trick siliceous
three-quarter lashes using the Too Faced
natural face palette I'm going to take
the shade sunny honey and add a little
bit of bronze and California glow to my
skin followed by the shade pink sands to
add a touch of rosy glow to my cheeks
and to finish up I'm taking the shade
satin sheets to add a touch of radiance
and glow to the tops of my cheeks my
nose and Cupid's bow move it onto the
lips and I'm using the Bush rocontour
Edition lipliner in the shade coral to
add some shape and definition before
adding a touch of the wire salcat your
matte stain in the shade 23 and this is
the finished look it is my Megan Markel
Dutchess of Sussex inspired makeup look
thank you so much for watching and I
hope you enjoyed this video I had so
much fun just enough like a princess I
mean I'm still a little bit sad that
Prince Harry didn't choose me it's fine
everything is fine I will get over it
thank you so much for watching guys let
me know in the comment section down
below which celebrity inspired look
you'd like to see me do next and maybe
I'll give it a try next week thank you
so much for watching make sure you hit
that subscribe button and I'll see you
guys soon bye
