hi guys and welcome back I get so many
comments about foundations which ones
that I really like which ones I hate all
of those kind of things I thought maybe
it was about time I started a foundation
series on my youtube channel that i will
be bringing you hopefully every week we
can test everything from pawnshop and
dollar store foundations through to the
most ridiculously priced foundations I
can get my hands on I thought I'd kick
start it with a little bit of an
interest in one I'm actually going to
use one of my favorite foundations Marc
Jacobs remarkable foundation I never
have any issues when applying this
foundation here's the catch to apply I'm
using this the Color Me Pro Edition
automatic foundation applicator 8-hour
superior coverage in one tool it is a
vibrating foundation spot I'm going to
stay open-minded and pipe that it's
actually really good the kit includes
the pro edition applicator device and
two Pro Edition universal sponges and it
includes one battery actual clinical
study photos not intended to represent
results everyone who uses the device
will necessarily experience basically
you might never look like this and we're
just gonna let you know it may not work
for you delivers longer-lasting more
flawless coverage than ever before while
blue in fine lines and dimension of
course opening the box alright so in the
Box is pretty empty we have a card that
just has a little note from the founder
and then that's your instructions okay
so this is the thing this is what we've
got basically pull the white battery tab
lift cap to reveal the Pro Edition
Universal sponge right I've pulled that
with liquid foundation be sure to season
the fresh sponge I get some kind of
panel
Baine don't use seasoned iron hands
going to take a little drop of that and
just pop it onto there yeah so I'm just
gonna do that and now I'm going to add
another drop of that onto them
in short skin is moisturized push buckle
to activate devices sonic tap in action
starting at cheek move device in gentle
sweeping motions blends to your line up
with the forehead and hairline push
button to activate devices Sonic tap in
action oh-oh-oh
literally nearly wet all over this oh
okay quite scared
start a kick move device and gentle
sweep in motion maybe this foundation is
a bit full-coverage do let me see if I
can oh that feels weird on my eyeball I
feel like I've just applied what I will
usually apply across my entire face onto
one cheek it does look quite flawless it
does have a little bit of Sheen to it
not sure if that's the foundation or if
that's the brushes to him let me zoom in
so you guys can see a closer look
you can still see visible pores though
it hasn't completely removed their
parents if I could do it again I
probably would have dotted it all over
my skin and then blended it out but I
didn't do that because I'm an idiot I'm
gonna give it another shot and I'm using
the Daniel Sandler watercolor cream
bronzer in the shade Riviera I'm just
going to press that in there hope for
the best
hope that comes out is that coming out
I'm not sure is this kids and horribly
so here's the deal 58 pounds is quite a
lot of money for one brush or one
applicator I feel like this is so
limiting and/or gotten it oh I
definitely feel like this slowed me down
it just didn't apply as quickly as I
would have liked the only word can truly
describe how I feel about this brush is
you know when you're walking to get
somewhere when you get stuck behind
someone that walks so freaking slowly I
feel like this is the slow walking
foundation appricate I like to blend my
foundation out quite quickly and in
circular motions but where is with this
one you really have to take your time so
if you've got up and we're running late
for work and this was your only means of
applying foundation you're going to have
a bad time so unfortunately I don't
recommend it I don't like it too much we
tried it and if we don't try then we
don't know let me know your thoughts
maybe you like it maybe you don't like
it let me know in the comment section
below thank you so much for watching
don't forget to subscribe and I'll see
you guys soon bye
